ART LAFFER, FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN, LAFFER ASSOCIATES: And that's what we've done.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right. All right, and thank you for saying that I would be the first person to interview you when you are appointed Fed chairman.LAFFER: Oh, you are, you're my first. Well, you are my first one ever in life, Neil.CAVUTO: There you go.LAFFER: Where were you?CAVUTO: You look great.LAFFER: You look back from the -- when the tam-tams (ph) were being used to communicate the world when I first --CAVUTO: Thank you. Thank you, Art.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello everyone, I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Well, that's a real bloodbath for the media's credibility. Team Biden, the Democrats and the liberal press all teaming up to take Donald Trump completely out of context over comments the former president made about a bloodbath in the auto industry during his rally in Ohio. So, here's what he actually said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We're going to put a 100 percent tariff on every single car that comes across the line, and you're not going to be able to sell those cars if I get elected.Now, if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath for the whole -- that's going to be the least of it, it's going to be a bloodbath for the country, that will be the least of it. But they're not going to sell those cars.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: The media leaving out the full context of what Trump was saying, instead pumping out these types of headlines, promoting the misleading bad bla -- blood bath interpretation, sorry about that. Implying that the former president was calling for political violence, their narrative also finding a place on rival networks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I mean, what I heard was a continuation of the same rhetoric, the same endorsement of political violence that we've seen from Donald Trump.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): He's even predicting a bloodbath. What does that mean? He's going to exact a bloodbath.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: It's just (EXPLETIVE DELETED). He knew what he was doing. We're not stupid. Americans aren't stupid.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: So, he says his bloodbath comment was referring to the auto industry. That's not how it sounded to me.JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: That's a meandering off message comment. This is his message.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A major party candidate is saying, you elect me, there's going to be dictatorship, bloodbath, violence, retribution against my political enemies, that equals what we saw in Italy, in Germany and other places.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Not taking it out of context, because the context is his history and his life.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Former President Trump addressing the outrage in a True Social post saying this, I was simply referring to imports allowed by crooked Joe Biden, which are killing the automobile industry.Greg, I feel like the challenge for Democrats right now is that they become the boy who cried political violence and it's only March.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's amazing though, but to -- I think we're in a new era now. And it's not like the old days. How quickly this was debunked. It was eye-catching a mole before it turns cancerous.And I love how the hoax toadies that pivot too well, it's true in the -- in the context of other hoaxes. Like, you know, OK, you mean like the fine people hoax, the drinking bleach hoax. The migrants aren't people hoax, so they rest their hoax on a pile of other hoaxes, which is like, it's almost like saying, well, Peter Pan is real, because so is Tinker Bell.And it raises another point of idiocy, which I love. I think it was the person on "The View", who said, his let -- that, you know, this is true, because his language is among a pattern of inflammatory rhetoric, right?Well, then how do you fall for it every time if you're aware that this is a pattern? The intelligent response would be, oh, Trump speaks like this all the time. That's how he speaks, right?So, actually, when they bring up his past, it disproves their point, rather than proving it now compared to the past, to see how we've evolved as hoax consumers. You know, when the fine people hoax was created, everyone fell for it, including the people here at Fox, there was some guy who cried when it happened on T.V. Then we started seeing the unedited tape over a period of months, we've talked about it here on THE FIVE and every time you brought it up, people would say I heard it with my own ears. I saw it with my own eyes, but they didn't, it was -- it had been edited.And then when you showed it to them, it was like this cognitive dissonance just exploded. Their entire basis for truth had been stripped away. And so, but the result is now we have learned to suspect all stories without context as lies. It helps that Musk bought X, because if he wasn't running X, this probably would have been considered fact.But the bigger story is the media has no credibility. They're exhausted, none of this stuff works. And the Dems, though, as you can see, will see it as the truth because they still live in their bubble of cognitive bias. It may no longer reach them. They're immune to the truth, the way Jesse is immune to world suffering.PERINO: Judge, Democrats try to squeeze so much juice out of anything that he says that it becomes something like you just can't -- it's been nine years, sorry, that since -- I'm just trying to -- it's been nine years since the media has been watching this, and they continue to fall into this trap.And I think Greg's right, that has come to a point where people are like, oh, the media, here they go again.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: But what stuns me is that they continue to do it. They know that what they're selling is not saleable, that the American people are not buying it. The whole idea of that last sound of Pelosi saying, is he going to exact a bloodbath. Nancy, he was president for four years, did you see a bloodbath? And then, you know, he's Hitler.Well, during the four years that he was president, did you see him kill any Jews? No, in fact, he set up the Embassy in Jerusalem and took it out of Tel Aviv. You know, or that, you know, he's got to exact retribution against his enemies. He had a DOJ for four years. What enemy did he exact retribution from did he indict?So, they are now at the point where they know there's -- they know they're so ridiculous, that they're justifying, they're taking it out of context or almost admitting it. They're saying, we're taking it out of context, but it's OK. Because it's really in context. Because if you listen to what that one said on "The View", whatever her name is, that it is in context.Here's the bottom line, Rachel Maddow used the bloodbath hours before Donald Trump did in referring to the new leadership at the RNC.PERINO: Can we play that for everyone?PIRRO: If you have it.PERINO: Call for number four, if you could play that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: But as Politico.com reports tonight, on the, "bloodbath at the RNC."UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: As part of the, "MAGA drive to take over Maricopa County." And the headline refers to it as an impending bloodbath.SYMONE SANDERS-TOWNSEND, MSNBC HOST: The midterm elections may not be the bloodbath for Democrats that's been predicted.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Joe Biden was just talking the other day about, you know, his concerns about a negative bloodbath.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's going to be a bloodbath in November.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It would be a bloodbath.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They could see a bloodbath too.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: A bloodbath at the ballot box.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The Republican Party will be destroyed, it's going to be a bloodbath.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And there you have it.PIRRO: Yes. And that's exactly the point when the only -- the only bloodbaths going on in the world are Ukraine, the Middle East, the Leos (ph) murdering Americans, fentanyls, missing children coming over the border. And I'll leave it at that.PERINO: So, one of the things that happened when the White House was asked about getting this out of context, Harold, one, they didn't apologized. And they said -- they said, well, it's true in the broader picture.I also wonder, though, in the time between the headlines, and the fundraising e-mails, and the time that X was basically like, obviously, this is out of context, the Democrats are raising so much money off of these little things that they have $155 million already in the campaign coffers. So, I wonder if it's just worth it for them to go ahead and get something wrong, because they get these types of donations.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: They probably will continue to do that. It's an age old political tradition of capitalizing on something your opponent said or didn't say.First, it's good to be back around the table.PERINO: Yes, I was wondering where that was.GUTFELD: I'm taking that out of context.FORD JR.: A couple of things. I'm glad the former president came back to clarify that he was talking about the auto workers. When I watched it in real-time, I didn't see it an actual time. But I saw it when I played it back. I figured that's what he was talking about, which was the auto workers and his ability to manage the economy better.But I watched the first part of what he said also, and he indicated that he was still willing, and it's just a difference, a huge difference of opinion he and I have, he's willing to, I believe pardon those whose conduct has been held accountable for on January 6th, he calls them hostages.I watched Vice President Pence over the weekend said he could not endorse President Trump. And one of the reasons was he cited was that he doesn't believe that those who've been held accountable on January 6th are hostages. He compared them to those in Israel.I think there are a number of things if Democrats want to point to differences between President Trump and President Biden that they should. I think, these kinds of instances where we take things out of context, Democrat or Republican, in essence, this is a particularly sensitive one, because of the way people think that some Democrats and some independents and even some Republicans think about President Trump. I don't believe in (INAUDIBLE) to him, this is what he was talking about.That being said, this race is going to come down to we should not kid ourselves. January 6th will be a predicate in this race. It will be interesting to hear how President Trump addresses this, in addition to how he's addressed it so far, because the one thing that Democrats I think rightly say is that President Trump is willing, he has said willing to pardon many, if not all of those who have been found guilty or liable for their conduct on January 6th.PERINO: One of the things to this morning I had to do a double take as Hillary Clinton weighed in this morning, somewhere in the 10:00 hour of newsroom. After this has already been debunked, here it is right here. This is this morning. A bloodbath. What would you say if you saw this in another country? Ma'am, have you missed the past 18 hours of debunking this thing?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, usually when Hillary State Department leaves a country, there's a blood. This hoax, I believe was quicker than the Jussie Smollett hoax, this was like three hours it was popped.PERINO: Right.WATTERS: And the American people like popping hoaxes now. It's fun. It's a game. And people enjoy the challenge, because it used to be a challenge, used to take years to investigate and figure out Russia or the laptop. And now, instantaneously, we can point it out.And then there's something kind of rejuvenating about that, to see behind the curtain to see how the sausage is made. And it's not being made very well. This tells me that Biden is losing, and he knows he's losing. And he has to rely on cheap tactics like that.This is not how confident campaigns operate, confident campaigns go out and hold rallies and persuade voters about why I'm winning and why I deserve a second term. This is like going after someone's knees in a football game. You don't do this. Everybody knows it's illegal. And he got caught in about five seconds, because he doesn't have anything else to offer.They keep playing the same magic tricks, Dana, over and over again. Oh, there's a quarter behind your area, oh, there's a quarter. There's no quarter. We know how the trick works. Why do they keep doing this is because they don't have anything else. They have hoaxes and lawsuits.And now, what is everybody talking about? They're talking about China sneaking around Biden's import tariffs going through Mexico to dump cheap cars into the country and Joe Biden doesn't have a clue about it. And Donald Trump's all over it.And we're talking about how the media is crooked and you can't trust anything they say. That's where everybody is right now. And like what the hoax dead-enders that Greg's talking about, they're just digging a deeper grave.PERINO: Indeed. OK, ahead, speaking of bloodbath, President Biden is tearing apart his staff over some bad polling.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: It looks like old yeller has gone rabid. New report laying out that Joe Biden has been privately seething and growing, "angry and anxious about his reelection effort." So are we.Joe blowing his top off, shouting and swearing at his staff every time they show him poll numbers from critical battleground states where he's getting beaten by Trump. But the White House says he's keeping his cool.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: There's a report that when President Biden was told his handling of the war between Israel and Hamas was starting to affect his poll numbers. The quote is he began to shout and swear.So, when he does that, is he shouting and swearing about Netanyahu? Or about Hamas? Or about his poll numbers?JAKE SULLIVAN, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: This is the, when did you stop beating your spouse question, because I don't think he ever did that.And so, well, you use that as the premise of your question, which is when he does that, he -- I've never seen him do that, shout or swear in response to that. So, from my perspective, that particular report is not correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Inflammatory language there. Another report spilling the beans on how Joe Biden can't stop thinking about Barack Obama. The big guy apparently isn't chit-chatting much with Barry these days. But behind closed doors, it's all he ever talks about.Biden likes to boast about how, "Obama would be jealous when bragging about something he accomplished." But the White House denies there's a rift.All right, Dana, this is peculiar timing for a story like this. What -- who would float this? Why is this happening? Do you think it's real?PERINO: I felt like here we go again, another story leaked from inside the Biden campaign by friends of the Biden campaign who actually don't work for the Biden campaign. I don't mind.I mean, I don't -- I wouldn't blame him for being mad at his campaign, what campaign exists? They're going to have plenty of money, but they could spend $100 million showing him running the 100 meter -- the 100 yard dash, and it's not going to change a single mind about how things are going.So, when I read the headline that said he's mad about his campaign, I believe that because he knows that he is losing. So, that told me, well, maybe he's more with it than you think. Maybe he's looking at this going, guys, we're going to lose.GUTFELD: That's behind the story, right, Judge? It's to show that he's alert and alive. So, it's totally made up to say that he's engaged when really he's not.PIRRO: Well, I think he's cognitive enough to realize that he's in trouble. I really do. I mean, you know, his anger is both an outgrowth and a continuation of remember with Charlamagne tha God. If you don't vote for me, you aren't black. It's kind of the Hillary Clinton coronation entitlement mentality, I am entitled to be your president, you have to vote for me. And so, we're seething with anger, seething and shouting and swearing, and I'm surprised that Jake Sullivan didn't know that.But look, Trump is beating him and all the swing states. And his numbers are so bad that any other president who had those numbers lost reelection. And so, I mean, the ending is clear.So, here's the problem. He campaigned as a moderate. He was in a Trojan horse, he backed up the Trojan horse into the White House, and all the leftist minions ran into the White House, they're running the joint. And every time he says something that's almost real, they come out and clean it up.OK, like Laken Riley -- Laken Riley to him. Laken Riley was killed by an illegal, OK. And then the minions run out and they clean it up.And the amazing part of this is he's losing, his White House advisors don't want to take any recommendations from anyone because we got this, we won it in 2020, which was totally unlike any election year, given the pandemic and where we were, but let that go.I have -- I have a different opinion. I think this guy's got elected for 50 years. He knows Washington. And you know what, when he said like, Laken Riley, he said is killed by an illegal, he was being real. And I just have a feeling that if they stopped trying to progressive him and left him and then allowed him to go out and debate and be real out there, he might strike a chord of reality.I mean, I'm not you know -- I'm not saying, I hope this happens. I don't. But let the guy out. Let him swing for the fences. He's won for 50 years. Let him at it.GUTFELD: Harold, in the green room, we were talking about this rift between Obama and Joe Biden. And you said Joe is clearly a racist. And it disgusts you. I was very shocked at how angry you got, tipped over a platter of snacks.FORD JR.: You know I like snacks.GUTFELD: Ye.FORD JR.: For me to trip over them is a tough thing. I got to look at the cameras on that to make sure.The reelection campaigns are stirring affairs. I think about my -- I think about the real elections of candidates since I've been able to vote in presidential races that have won. I look at Clinton. And it took him a minute in his reelection campaign to find -- to find the -- to find his way and it was found -- they finally said prosperity and the economy. Those of you that don't like all this prosperity, then don't vote for me. Which part of the prosperity don't you like?President Bush, you guys did something against Kerry I thought that was powerful. And he said the country has not been attacked since 9/11. You can say what you want to say about what we've done and what we've not done, how we've done it, but the country is safer.President Obama went after then-Governor Romney and speaker or leader Ryan at the time. Paul Ryan said they're going to cut Social Security and Medicare, and that resonated.You find yourself this time and I'll take the 2020 race out for a moment, President Trump's reelection campaign and just go right to where we are. They've got to find their voice. And I think you're right, you got to let him, you got to let a candidate be a candidate. And if a candidate -- certainly if the candidate won a lot, and has been around a lot. He's -- I got to think frustrated because he thinks that he Biden, because he thinks that all the things they've invested in America, that everyday Americans should be experiencing.And I've said all along, if people don't feel like they're doing well, but the data says they're doing well, or people don't feel safe in their communities, but the data -- the police data says they should, you're not going to win with that message.So, they've got to find their way. And I think, you know, I'm not surprised, I don't necessarily -- I mean, I don't -- these allegations about things happening behind the scenes in campaigns, I don't necessarily find believable.However, I would -- I do find believable, he's trying to find his way. And he's got several weeks to do it. And when he does, it's going to be one heck of a race.GUTFELD: He's not very good at finding his way. We've seen the tape.Jesse, any truth to the rumor that Biden made a peace offering to Obama by sending the dog Commander in a food basket?WATTERS: Because he likes to eat dog Barack Obama.GUTFELD: Thank you for outlining.WATTERS: I just want to make sure the audience knows he admittedly eating dog in Indonesia.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: As a youth.GUTFELD: That is true.WATTERS: And we're on "PRIMETIME" tonight, going to be covering Barack Obama's secret trip to Europe. He's meeting with Belgium royalty and the British prime minister. What's that all about? We'll be digging deep into that later this evening.The president has to be able to sell his success. And it's his agenda. He enacted it. He can't sell it because he's not a great wordsmith. But there's not a lot of great things to sell. You've been talking about how most of these jobs that have been created are for immigrants. We just found out today all of the jobs created last year were part-time jobs.And you said recently, all the spending that he's done, whether it's COVID or the environment, that's what's created the inflation and the inflation is getting worse. They're having a lot of trouble getting inflation under control. So they might not even be able to cut rates leading up to this.So, they told him you're going to probably lose Georgia and Arizona. That's why he was cursing. That means he has to sweep the Rust Belt, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan and he's down in every state. I'd be cursing people out too, but it's really not their fault. It's his.GUTFELD: Excellent point, Jesse.WATTERS: Thank you, Greg.GUTFELD: All right, ahead, censorship showdown at the Supreme Court, your freedom of speech could be in danger.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The Supreme Court taking on what could be the biggest free speech case in our lifetimes. The justice is hearing arguments all day on whether the Biden administration violated the First Amendment by pressuring big tech social media companies to remove content they didn't like.Biden's lackeys tried to get sites like Twitter and Facebook to take down so called disinformation relating to the COVID vaccine and the election. But the White House denies they were being coercive. The final decision could have major implications over what you could get to post online, one of the Republicans who sued explaining what's at stake.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): It's the most important free speech case in our lifetime, because it involves some of the highest-ranking government officials in our country, colluding and coercing with some of the biggest social media companies in the world to suppress millions of posts. Some of them wanted to kind of take some of these down, but there were instances where they were actually pushing back and the government said, do it or else.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, where do you draw the line, Harold? These White House officials, DHS officials, FBI officials telling, pressuring companies censor Americans?FORD JR.: Well, we'll see. The -- that's what the case is about. And if what Mr. Schmitt, what he says is accurate, then the court will weigh in rightly so.We try to glean sometimes from the arguments. Today, the arguments happen before the Supreme Court and appears at least from some of the reporting and some of the audio that came out of it that all of the justices, including those who were appointed by Democrat presidents and Republican presidents, expressed some concern.And it appears that their concern rested on a simple legal premise, and the judge has far more experience in this than I do although we learned about it in law school, first is once you -- once you say something that's unlawful you didn't have to show evidence of its unlawfulness, of the conduct -- the conduct you allege is unlawful. Then you have to show how harm was caused by that conduct.And that's what the judges were asking the attorney -- that's what the justices, excuse me, were asking the attorney generals of I believe Missouri and Louisiana who brought the case. So, we'll see. At least from the reports I heard and exchange between Judge Alito and some of the lawyers, and he wondered aloud whether the White House would pressure newspapers. He specifically said the New York Times in matters like this.And apparently, Justices Kagan and Kavanaugh who both were White House officials in earlier parts of their careers said they remember pressuring the New York Times and other newspapers. We probably have a set made here who might be able to give us a perspective on that as well.WATTERS: Did you glean anything, Judge, from these oral arguments today?PIRRO: Well, I don't know if this case may be a bad case upon which to see the broadest pressure campaign being brought by the federal government against social media companies, private individuals as well as, you know, viewpoints disfavored by the government in American history. This is going to be huge.Normally, when you talk about the First Amendment, it's normally about you know the First Amendment where the -- it constrains government from interfering with your freedom of speech. What they've got here is they've got -- they want government to be able to suppress your free speech on the grounds that they think their free speech is more important. The whole thing is upside down.And the White House is arguing that the court cannot stop them because government must be allowed to free speech -- to speak freely. And I have no problem with the government being allowed to speak freely, but by the same token Americans have to be allowed to speak freely. And they are ordering, they are demanding that so social media companies shut down individuals and their free speech.And the amazing part of all this is that the unrelenting pressure that the White House and the federal government can bring can be enormous. But when you think about 2020 and you think about why would the White House be so interesting in suppressing people's opinions when the Supreme Court allows hate speech -- you can say something that is hateful that is protected by the Supreme Court but you can't give your opinion on COVID. And all of a sudden they're going to say we agree with the White House.The thing that taints it is the billions of dollars that were made by pharmaceutical companies that were then able to force the government to say stop people from saying don't take the vaccine. And right now, today, if you want to get blood, you know what they ask you? Have you taken the COVID vaccine before you're allowed to give blood?WATTERS: That's why I don't like to give blood or pretty much anything, Dana.PERINO: Yes. You got to work on that charitable giving. Two points. There's a big difference of what I think Kavanaugh and Kagan were saying when you're in a White House Press Office or in the White House Communications Team or you're the CIA Director and you weigh in on the press. I fully and will always defend the government protecting a source or a method for a government program that is for example protecting a source who is inside a terror cell and trying to disrupt that to protect somebody.And if you just think about enhanced interrogation techniques for example, like that's the kind of thing where you make a very tough call to a major media organization and say I'm asking you please hold off until I can make sure that this person is safe or we have the information that we need. And that can work. And I think it probably works better for Democratic administrations and Republican ones.Be that as it may, I would never have said I know, let's call and make sure that Uncle Bob in Iowa shouldn't be allowed to post something on Facebook. That is insane to me and that is exactly what the White House did. I was really surprised at reading some of the text messages from the Surgeon General or the emails to the social media companies that's like, how dare you say that somebody couldn't express their opinion. To me, that crossed the line and that's what they were talking about today.WATTERS: And they were wrong not just on COVID but on the laptop.GUTFELD: They were wrong on a lot of things, Jesse. But you will not see this story get much play because it's not Trump and it's not a Republican. Go -- let's compare it to another story of censorship, Republicans trying to ban books, right? That was the -- that -- when you hear about attacks on the First Amendment, that's what you hear about, Republicans are trying to ban books. Then you dig deeper and you find that they're trying to remove explicit sexual content from one room and move it somewhere else, away from kids.That's what they call censorship. That was a threat to First Amendment but somehow not this. And it goes back to this pattern where they amplify an accusation of violating one's rights that they are in fact doing themselves. And this by the way, this action that we're talking about what the government did, it trickled down and it harmed people beyond the tech industry. It was now OK to brand people as endangering lives if they had a different opinion. People felt -- people felt like they were being -- you know, that they had to be careful just because they heard about this.And then I go back to the A block. You know, this opportunity cost of these hoaxes, you know, is causing us to overlook a really, really big story, right? This is the White House trying to censor free speech by applying pressure to private companies. Instead, you now will hear stories about bloodbaths, insurrections, Russian collusion, constant systemic racism in order to prevent you or the American public from seeing the real corruption. So, we're always involved in this distraction meant to divide us when we should be after them.WATTERS: We should be after them figuratively.GUTFELD: Inflammatory language.WATTERS: Coming up, going woke is making millions of people miserable. We'll explain the new research ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Going woke isn't just destroying society, it also poses a serious danger to your mental well-being. A study suggests that embracing the far- left ideology can make you a more unhappy, anxious, and depressed person. You think? The researcher is developing a critical social justice attitude scale. It includes several truisms that woke people are likely to believe. For instance, one such belief is exemplified by this quote. If white people have on average a higher level of income than Black people, it is because of racism.FORD JR.: That's not true?PIRRO: All right, Harold, we'll go to you first. Do you think we really need a study to believe that woke people are unhappy, anxious, miserable people?FORD JR.: I don't know. And we've looked at studies -- we looked at a study at the beginning of -- the beginning of last week or middle of last week about the impact that some of the transgender stuff has on gender issues and what we're teaching it if or the way we're talking about if it has on kids. And that study showed that it was having an impact -- a negative impact. We're now seeing that from a study like this.I don't know. What I do know and what I hope this does not happen is I hope -- and I know we all hope -- I hope we don't find some way to not want to learn about other people, about other religions, about other races, about history that makes us unsettled because we think that it's going to make us unhappy. Some things will make you unhappy, some things will make you disagreeable, but hopefully at the end of the day, like a big family, you learn to come back around a table uh and laugh and smile and get on with it.But there's no doubt that some of the -- I don't -- I don't know if the whole ideology makes people this, but maybe the things that are causing people to want to learn more and try to correct things more may make them feel this way.PIRRO: All right, Jesse, one of the truisms of woke people the study found was that university reading lists should include fewer on White or European authors. So, are woke people for erasing history?WATTERS: Sure. I've -- reading about John Locke, some of his original manuscripts in my library, and his feelings about child rearing will knock your socks off, Judge Jeanine. These are some of the many things that I do in my library at home, old manuscripts, ancient mantras. This is how I expand my mind.But I'm glad you came to me on this because it's not people that embrace wokeism and then become anxious and depressed, it's people who are already anxious and depressed and break wokeism. You can see it on their faces. Greg talks about this all the time. You see the purple hair, the piercings, the anger, the lines. These people are already incredibly depressed. Wokeism is just an avenue for them to explore that and express that anger.And in my book which I know I haven't mentioned, it does come out tomorrow, and apparently I'm not only competing against the pope, Christine Blasey Ford also has a book out tomorrow. I'm not worried about her so much but I'm just saying there's competition out there. Get It Together, you can preorder it right now. Many of the people that I speak to, vegan extremists, people who sit in traffic and block others from getting to work because they think the sky is falling and the environment's collapsing. These people are angry, depressed, anxious people who are just projecting their problems on the rest of us.PIRRO: How do you think, Greg, that we should resolve those people's problems?GUTFELD: Well, this is -- Jesse is absolutely right. We could say the woke are more likely to be mentally ill, but wokeism is an avenue for people who are mentally unwell because it indulges feelings of hopelessness, it vindicates victimhood, and it offers a low bar to grasp for meaning. Suddenly irrationality becomes a movement.So, this is why Harold said family, because the reason why Democrats have a hard time with a woke is that the mental illness is in their family. So, they treat it more sensitively. No, I'm saying this -- I'm saying this that it's -- that it's an outgrowth of the Democrat Liberal Party, so you guys have to treat it more sensitively and personally than the rest of us do.That's interesting in this study. It affects women over men by a factor of seven to one. Do you know what else significantly compares women more than men? Self-harm. So, this is an expression of self-harm. When you look at everything that's done and you look at the mug shots and you look at the physicality of what people do to themselves, no question this is self-harm married to politics.I want to just talk about the race thing because I think splitting groups into oppressor versus oppressed is also causing a lot of harm. If you -- if you -- if I feel that I'm an oppressor, I'm going to feel miserable. If you feel that you're oppressed, you're going to retreat into victimhood and anger and that creates unhappiness.So, here's a solution, and this is from my experience. I was unemployed for a year when I was a 24. I was living at home. I sent out 1,000 resumes. It was brutal. But I ran every day, I went to the gym, I took a writing class, I submitted artic articles, and I just sent out resumes and resumes. And finally, at the end of a year, I took a job in Allentown, Pennsylvania.I moved from San Francisco to Allentown at a job at Prevention Magazine. So, here's your thought exercise. If I were a Black female in the same situation, what would you advise? Absolutely the same thing. So, whether you're a White guy or a Black girl, the same practices would apply whether you think it's a racist society or not. And telling them that practices like that are is part of some kind of White privilege. It eliminates anybody to learn from a White person.If you want to -- if you see a white successful person, you should want to learn from them. You really should. The same goes for Black, Asian, Spanish, you name it. But we're telling them not to.GUTFELD: I would like to invite Greg on my book tour so he can sell my book better than I can. Thank you very much, Greg.FORD JR.: That was well said.PIRRO: Yes, it was very well said. Dana, you want to comment on it?PERINO: Well, I'll just say I did read Jesse's book this weekend. I think it's excellent. First of all, I highly recommend it. I was interested in the patterns that you see. So, each chapter is a different person who is going through something, but they also are -- they have a cause or an issue or a thing that they're doing whether it be Black Supremacy or basically open borders, gentle parenting, all of these things. And you're like, wait, there's several patterns that you see throughout here. And he takes -- believe it or not he has a lot of compassion and empathy for the people he interviews.WATTERS: Believe it or not.PERINO: Believe it or not. And it's a -- it's a very good book that way. I don't know. I think that one of the problems that the Democratic Party has is that people who are woke and Liberal are making the rest of us miserable about them. And so, that hurts causes and what Harold said which is we shouldn't not want to be open to people's problems.PIRRO: OK.PERINO: But they're not -- your problems are not my problem.WATTERS: Thank you, Dana. You're coming on tour too.PERINO: Thank you.PIRRO: All right, up next, don't mess with Mike Tyson. We'll tell you what the heavyweight champion is beefing up for.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back. He may be 57 years old but he's not down for the count. Ladies and gentlemen, legendary boxer Mike Tyson posting a video of this intense and intimidating training ahead of his upcoming fight with YouTuber Jake Paul.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE TYSON, BOXER: Day three. You still want to (BLEEP) with me?(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: My answer is no. What do you think about that? What a -- what a spectacle. That's going to be amazing.GUTFELD: I'm interested in how the New York Times will cover this, another young white man attacking an older Black man. But you know what? This is going to be on Netflix but I'd like to announce what we're doing. THE FIVE will be challenging The View to a fight and we'll be doing that on Fox Nation. It's going to be in a cage -- it's going to be a cage match.PERINO: And Kilmeade is going to be the announcer.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: I thought he was going to be the ring girl.PERINO: No.WATTERS: OK.FORD JR.: D.P., your thoughts on this.PERINO: I don't know. I don't like to see people fight. I guess -- I mean, but watch out when I get in the ring with The View.FORD JR.: Now let's go to someone who may judge.PIRRO: Oh, let me tell you something. Mike Tyson's going to beat the crap out of that guy. I don't care if there's 30 years in between, a difference, it doesn't matter. And P.S. whatever happened to the Zuckerberg Musk fight?PERINO: Oh, that's off.PIRRO: That's off?PERINO: Yes.FORD JR.: Maybe get Mike Tyson the stand. What do you think about this, Philly?WATTERS: I think Jake Paul is going to try to stay on the outside, use his reach, use his footwork. And Mike is going to get inside, get him against the ropes, and to the body, uppercut, good night.FORD JR.: What's the great line of Mike Tyson? Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.WATTERS: That's right.FORD JR.: Let's see what happens. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Jesse?WATTERS: Get It Together is out tomorrow and Dana will be hosting a live signing with me. If you go right now jessesign.com, you get a signed copy of the book and then you can ask me questions. Dana will be asking me questions. It's going to be 12:45 p.m. Eastern tomorrow. Get involved. Get It Together.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," Johnny celebrated the St. Patrick's Day Parade.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL PRODUCER: What does it mean to be Irish?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know. I'm African-American, but I'm Irish today.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Very good, Johnny.PERINO: I'm looking forward to that. Well, I just want to give a shout-out to a couple of places. One was the list -- let's see. This is the Bluebird Cafe in Nashville. And on the left is Mark Irwin and then you had songwriters, these wonderful young people, Aniston Pate, and Davis Loose, and McCoy Moore. Fabulous. And then at the Listening Room CafAc, they were great as well -- Wendell Mobley and Lee Thomas Miller.Also, it was announced today that Country Music Hall of Fame will honor Toby Keith this year.FORD JR.: Congratulations.PERINO: New episode of Perino On Politics out tonight with Bruce Mehlman. And Greg, you're next.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we got a great show. It's 10:00 p.m. Monday. Kennedy, Vince August, Kat Timp, Jimmy Failla. We will not do Animals Are Great tonight. We don't have enough time and it was so good.PERINO: Oh, I bet they're great. Harold?FORD JR.: Trick shot by this guy Zeke -- this young kid Zeke on his treadmill. I love a trick shot. We're getting ready to for the NCAA tournament. His little sister helping him out. Nice shot there, kid.WATTERS: That's easy.PERINO: That's pretty good. Judge?FORD JR.: Are going to do that in the book signing?WATTERS: Yes, I will.PERINO: Judge, you got -- you got one?PIRRO: Six seconds, I can't do it.PERINO: All right, I've done it. Just kidding.All right, that's it for us. Have a great night, everyone. See you tomorrow.