JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA DISTRICT ATTORNEY: I don't need anything from a man. A man is not a plan. I am sure that the source of the money is always the word sweat and tears of me.WATTERS: A judge rules: Fani Willis gets to stay -- but not for long.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Stop. Stop it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Stop it. Stop it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Let me out.(GUNSHOTS)WATTERS: Subway shooting sends New Yorkers into a frenzy.(GUNSHOTS)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Migrant crime is taking over America, resettling dangerous illegal aliens from all over the world to prey on our people.WATTERS: A teenager raped by a Biden migrant.Plus --DANA CARVEY, SUPERFLY: Mr. President, this is -- this is for you. Ah, what is it?We call it a State of the Union.WATTERS: For 364 days of the year, Joe Biden goes around Washington telling everybody he is a Puerto Rican truck driving Jewish professor who was raised in a Black church. But once a year, every year, Biden taps into his roots. He's an Irishman.There is no holiday the president loves more than St. Patrick's Day. It's the one day of the year he doesn't have to pretend. He just tells folktales from the old country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And I know there are all kinds of Irish - old Irish sayings, but my Grandfather Finnegan used to say, "May the hinge of our friendship never go rusty." He had all these sayings, you know. The Irish in America sometimes think they're more Irish than the Irish.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The president has always felt the luck of the Irish, his whole career: He's failed up. But today wasn't his lucky day.A judge gave Democrats the sweetest ultimatum after a sex scandal rocked one of their biggest cases. Either DA Fani Willis steps down, jeopardizing the whole Trump case in Georgia, or Lover Boy, Nathan Wade steps down and the case goes on.What do you think happened?Lover Boy packed his bags. The Biden campaign may think this is a victory, but it's not.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's like you know, finding two people in a bank vault and taking one off to jail. They both testified in the same way. They were the two parts of this relationship and yet only one of them was disqualified.Why should Willis escape that same penalty? The opinion leaves us feeling like the court wouldn't shock the wounded.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The Fulton County Judge Scott McAfee says Fani was unprofessional, made plenty of prejudicial and legally improper bad choices and had a tremendous lapse in judgment that infected the case with impropriety.And Fani and Wade's testimony had an odor of mendacity, meaning it stank to high heaven. But he's letting her stay on to prosecute Trump, even though she hired her secret unqualified boy toy and billed the taxpayers while he colluded with the White House.Only one liar can prosecute the case. Two lying prosecutors create a conflict. What? Even the media is saying, if this was any other DA, career ender.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELIE HONIG, CNN SENIOR LEGAL ANALYST: I'd be breathing a sigh of relief. But Sara earlier said there is some bruising involved.Wow. Is there some bruising?Any one of these statements by a judge would be a career ender. For a normal prosecutor to have an on the record of finding that there are reasonable questions about whether you lied under oath, that would be devastating.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Fani survived, for now.The people prosecuting Trump, both Fani and Biden are openly breaking the law and getting away with it. The optics alone hand Trump a major victory.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAULA REID, CNN SENIOR LEGAL AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT: Look, even though she is going to stay on the case, all of this it's really a gift to former President Trump and his co-defendants because they're not only going to fight this case on the merits, they fight it in the court of public opinion.Optics here matter.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: This was a White judge in a heavily African-American County. He takes out a Black DA with Fani's fame, he's off the bench. So what he did was punt the Fani investigation.The Georgia State Senate has already opened up its own investigation into Fani's office. They have subpoena power, meaning we may get our hands on over 10,000 text messages between Fani and Lover Boy, from before she was appointing him special counsel, not only will these salacious texts prove they were romantically involved and lied under oath, these texts could provide the smoking gun evidence that these two had a political and a financial motive to prosecute Trump.It would literally spell out how crooked and conniving these anti-Trump prosecutions are. The explosiveness of that evidence would make all of the other Trump cases collateral damage, taking them out like hot shrapnel and impugning the integrity of the entire Biden legal machine.But it's not just one Georgia investigation of Fani, Georgia's governor can appoint a special prosecutor and Georgia's attorney general can open up an investigation with subpoena and search warrant power, getting us the text, e-mails, physical computers and phones, and the whole Fulton County DA's Office would get hauled in to testify in front of a grand jury.With all of that evidence, all you have to prove now is the appearance of impropriety. When you bring Lover Boy in to testify, drawing blanks won't cut it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ATTORNEY: Did you go to a cabin with Miss Willis ever?NATHAN WADE, PROSECUTOR: Ever?ATTORNEY: Ever.WADE: No.ATTORNEY: You've never gone to a cabin with Miss Willis?WADE: No.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now the last time Fani was put on the stand, it nearly blew up their whole case.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILLIS: No, no, no, this is the truth, Judge, and it is a lie. It is a lie.I can remember us going, I think that restaurant, Lickety-Split. I remember him picking me up, one in Lickety-Split. I think I bought him -- he likes wine, I don't really like wine to be honest with you. I like Grey Goose.I bought him a bottle of wine while we were there. And the things that you do, they would pair champagne, chocolate and -- champagne, chocolate and caviar.If you're a woman and you go on a date with a man, you better have $200.00 in your pocket. So if that man acts up, you can go where you want to go.ATTORNEY: You do not know where that money came from?WILLIS: I do know where it came from. It came from my sweat and tears.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Democrats can't risk another Fani freak show. They can't afford to delay this any longer, with it potentially collapsing just months before the election. when all of their other cases are already cracking or calendared.So the Democrats are panicking. The Trump-Russia prosecutor of all people, Robert Mueller's right hand man is pressuring Fani to drop out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW WEISSMANN, MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR: This is such a huge body blow, almost a fatal blow to Fani Willis. I think the way forward is she has to voluntarily recuse herself.I don't know that she has it in her, but I think she has to say, if I'm going to appoint a chief assistant who is going to oversee this case, she clearly has no credibility with this judge.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The luck of the Irish was all the Democrats had.Happy St. Patty's Day.Trump chief legal spokeswoman, Alina Habba joins me now. So Alina, how does today impact this legal situation you're having?ALINA HABBA, DONALD TRUMP ATTORNEY AND SPOKESPERSON: The legal situation I'm having shouldn't exist no matter who is sleeping with who, let's start there, Jesse. We all know that.I think that the fanfare and the craziness that Miss Fani Willis has brought to the table with Mr. Wade has been quite honestly entertaining, but distracting from the key fact of the case, which is that President Trump did not do anything wrong. This case was brought clearly by selective prosecution, persecution, and only for election interference. We see that now.What's more troubling today is that you know, this judge we have has, as you said punted. He allowed an out, but that doesn't mean that the case should still stand.We had three counts dismissed against President Trump, three counts dismissed against another defendant. That was a great start. But let's not deny what's happened here, Jesse. This case was brought intentionally this year. It is old as can be, just like Stormy Daniels, just like a lot of these cases that we've seen that are witch hunts to stop Trump from campaigning.So while I appreciate all of it, and it is quite entertaining, I'll give you that I don't disagree with you. I think that we can't be distracted from the fact that this case entirely should be thrown out.Miss Willis is clearly compromised. The taxpayers should be outraged in the state of Georgia and they should take action against her.WATTERS: When we eventually see these text messages, and I believe we will see them and they show Fani and her lover conniving, maliciously prosecuting Donald Trump, doing it for fame, doing it for fortune, doing it without any sort of judicial integrity, what does that tell you not just about this case? What does it tell you about all of the cases?HABBA: First, let's start, Miss Willis went into a church, a religious house, if anybody has any morals or moral compass, how dare you go into a religious house and cry racism? That to me was the lowest point of all of this, I have to be honest with you, no matter what those texts say. And I'm sure we'll see what they say and they will say what we think. How does it relate to all of these cases?I hope it opens the door, Jesse to us looking at all the DAs, all the AGs, communications between the White House, the administration, and collusion between all of them in bringing these cases the same year, even though some of these cases are years and years and years old, had no investigation or investigations for years, and then waited until he was the candidate, an obvious candidate for the Republican Party and nominee.So I would like it to open the door. I hope we get those texts. But let's look into everything. I fear that we can't do that until we have a different administration in place. But more importantly, it's time for the American people to see the corruption. I've seen the destruction I've seen to the judicial system. It is deep, they are coordinating, and there is no question that her text with Mr. Wade are just the beginning.WATTERS: Yes, she can't prosecute Trump in the same courtroom that she perjured herself in.When you do get into administration, if Donald Trump does win in November, would you suggest he look into all of these prosecutions, seize their phones -- these are government phones. If you have a subpoena, you should be able to see what they're writing, you should be able to see what they're texting, what they're e-mailing, that would really uncover some of the illegal and prosecutorial misconduct which we believe has happened.Would you suggest he do that?HABBA: I suggest you absolutely dig deep and clean house, number one. Number two, more importantly, Jesse, I'm exhausted of seeing so many subpoenas come out. People come testify in front of Congress, and then nothing happens.I want to see action. I want to see people be held accountable for real crimes, not this fake stuff that has to do with politics. I'm not saying you go after one side over the other. I'm saying clean house.There is no room for politics, at all, in the judicial system. I am a lawyer. It shouldn't matter whether you're a Republican or a Democrat. Our legal system, our Constitution is about America. Period.So I would absolutely recommend that we take a look, clean up, and start from the top.WATTERS: All right, Alina Habba, have a great weekend.Thanks so much for joining us on JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.HABBA: You, too.WATTERS: New York City at war.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The soft-on-crime experiment has officially failed. No bail, knocking down charges, and refusing to arrest criminals has turned our cities into the Wild, Wild West. All you have to do, look at New York.The subway is becoming almost as dangerous as Haiti. Police are looking for this nut job. He was hurling flaming cans at people in a station. And last night, a man was shot in the head twice during a fight in a subway car. It started after the door shut, one man went up and started yelling. Warning this video is graphic.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (Bleep). (Bleep). (Bleep). I'll beat you up. (Bleep) you. (Bleep) your kind. (Bleep) your race. I'm going to beat you up. I'm going to beat you up.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The man who was sitting down squared up. That's when the knives came out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What's up? You not trying to do nothing.What you trying to do? What are you trying to do?The minute you do it, I'm going to break you up. Gangster. The minute you move, I'm going to break you up.The minute you move, I'm going to break you up. You trying to make me hit you first.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What happened? You want to hit me though, right?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (Bleep). (Bleep).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh. (bleep). Oh (bleep).UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Stop. Stop it. Stop.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You stabbed me. You stabbed a cop. You stabbed a cop.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It looks like the woman stabbed the attacker in the back as he was pummeling the other guy who she apparently knew That's when the attacker pulled out his gun.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You stabbed me, right? You stabbed me, right?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You can't go anywhere.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You stabbed? You stabbed me? You stabbed me?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I didn't do nothing. No.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You stabbed me? You stabbed me? You stabbed me? You stabbed me?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I am getting out. I am getting out.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Let me out. Let me out. Let me out. Let me out. Let me out. Let me out.(GUNSHOTS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get down. Get down.(GUNSHOTS)(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The smaller guy who was about to get shot wrestled the gun away. Four shots went off. The attacker getting hit in the face, neck and chest. He's in the hospital in critical condition.The Brooklyn DA says the guy who pulled the trigger was acting in self- defense. No charges for now. The girl with a knife could still be charged. Police are keeping the attacker's record sealed. We're working on getting them and it doesn't look like the attacker, even as a concealed carry permit for that pistol, probably a hot piece.New York City's subway system is dangerous. People are terrified. The governor sent in the National Guard, but they were told to act like TSA and check backpacks.There were two knives and a gun in that fight. They were brought in in their pockets, not bags. The guy with the gun didn't even pay to get in. The scofflaw went through an emergency exit.But the governor says the subways are secure and you can thank her for it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): I'll tell you who does show appreciation, the people out there on the streets. I've been walking the streets. If I walk into business, people are saying thank you for taking such strong action.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: If the subways were safe, we wouldn't have shootouts, knife fights, and guys pitching flaming cans and we wouldn't need people like Daniel Penny to jump in when someone is on a rampage.But Penny is the one in cuffs, charged with manslaughter for putting a violent homeless guy in a chokehold while the criminals are let free to do it over and over and over again.Thomas Kenniff is Daniel Penny's lawyer.Thomas, when you see this guy not be charged for defending his life and your client has been charged with manslaughter. How does that make you feel?THOMAS KENNIFF, DANIEL PENNY'S LAWYER: Well, I'm happy that anyone who is defending themselves is justified is based on that video. It certainly looks like that individual was, is not being charged.I mean, I don't want to see anybody in my client's situation. My client doesn't want to see anybody to have to walk in his shoes. But is it frustrating? Yes. Absolutely frustrating. And you know what's interesting, Jesse, having watched that video, you know, so much of the situation my client encountered last May on the subway when he was coming back from college, and Jordan Neely entered the subway card, and waited for those doors to close and then began his unhinged rant, threatening people, threatening to kill people, telling frightened women and children that he was going to go back to jail for the rest of his life.So much of it began in a similar way that we see this video beginning. You know, with somebody walking on who is clearly deranged, you know, and now staying to a pack subway car that he was going to perpetrate violence, and you really get an appreciation of how my client, Daniel Penny handled the situation because he went up behind Jordan Neely, used not a chokehold, but a restraint move to take him down to the ground.It is uncontested by the eyewitnesses who were on that subway car that Danny went down and took the fall and brought Jordan Neely down on top of him and then restrained him with the intent of waiting until police arrived.If you approach it a different way, as we saw on the video that you just showed, and you square off with someone. You know, you don't know if they're armed, you don't know if they have knives. You don't know if they have guns, and the situation can devolve into exactly what we saw on that video.So yes, you know, is there a cruel irony that my client who did everything the right way to try to protect himself and others on the subway is the one being prosecuted while others -- you know, again, thankfully, or not, yes, I think that's fair to say.WATTERS: If you've noticed, we've watched this video. It's minutes long. Not a single person came in to restrain these two gentlemen. I shouldn't call them gentlemen. I don't know why I did. But do you believe what happened with your client, Daniel Penny has scared off Good Samaritans? Have scared off real men from breaking up fights?KENNIFF: Well, why wouldn't it? I mean, you look at my client, and again, he doesn't have to be a hero, right? You know, let's look him as an everyday college student, which is what he was. He served honorably in the Marine Corps. To me, that's heroic. But on the day in question, you know, he's coming back from college, he's an architectural student. He is looking to get home to his apartment and like millions of other commuters every day, who deal with this kind of nonsense, you know, all they do is want to get through their commute unmolested. Right?And, you know, he then is confronted with a situation where, hey, you know, I could stand by and do nothing, right? This could be a Kitty Genovese situation, you know, from the 1960s, which, you know, told everyone the dangers of what can happen when someone doesn't act. And he steps up and does it and the consequence is, he's facing a felony indictment. So yes, of course, that's going to be a deterrent for other people.WATTERS: Sure is. And now someone is in critical condition, and everyone is afraid now to ride the subway.Counselor, thanks so much for joining us. Please send our best to your client, Daniel Penny, and good luck in that case.KENNIFF: Absolutely. Well, thanks for having me.WATTERS: Biden migrants now raping teens.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It hasn't even been a month since a Venezuelan illegal murdered Laken Riley and we've got another brutal migrant crime on the books. Twenty-six-year-old Haitian illegal, Cory Alvarez has been arrested for raping a disabled 15-year-old girl in a Massachusetts migrant hotel. But the Democratic governor says the system that led him in is perfectly fine.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. MAURA HEALEY (D-MA): It's a horrible situation, a horrible allegation. And you know, my thoughts are with the victim and her family.I think that we have the right systems in place. Unfortunately, this is you know, it's a terrible incident. You don't want to see anything like this happen.This is also an individual who came in lawfully under the federal government through a federal program. It is unfortunate that you know, from time to time, things will happen.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: That's not true. Just like Laken Riley's killer, Alvarez shouldn't have been here in the first place. But he was, because Joe Biden rolled out the red carpet for him.Alvarez was part of Biden's parole program, which flies 30,000 migrants a month from Haiti and other countries into the American system.Alvarez didn't have to get on a rickety boat or trek through the Darien Gap to get here. Joe Biden flew him straight into JFK last June because he said he had a sponsor in New Jersey. So what was he doing at a migrant hostel in Massachusetts?Just last week, DHS Secretary Mayorkas celebrated the program saying this: "We are pleased that today's court ruling means that the parole processes for individuals from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua and Venezuela will continue. These processes are a safe and orderly way to reach the United States."The Biden administration is flying these illegals into our neighborhoods, because it keeps the border crossing numbers down.What a sneaky and evil operation it is.So while the Biden administration tries to covertly fly migrants into the States, Haiti still wobbles on the brink of collapse with Haitians just like Alvarez eyeing the shores of Florida and it is already happening.Governor DeSantis announced today that Florida agents caught a Haitian vessel with 25 illegals off the coast.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): Just recently, within the last couple of weeks, and this will be made public later today. Our Florida Fish and Wildlife officers interdicted a vessel that had 25 illegal immigrants, potentially illegal immigrants from Haiti in their boat, in their vessel. They had firearms, they had drugs. They had night vision gear.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Guns, drugs, night vision? Does it look like they're sending their best?Former Deputy Assistant to the Secretary of Defense, Amber Smith joins us now.Amber, what kind of vetting process are we talking about where you say, I have a sponsor in Jersey. Next thing you know you're raping teenagers at a hotel in Massachusetts.AMBER SMITH, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT TO THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: So this American taxpayer sponsored program, a taxpayer funded program that is flying these people into the United States directly and then is living on our dime, on the taxpayers' dime is absolutely -- it is dangerous and it is reckless and despite their best efforts to say otherwise, there is no proper method in place to accurately vet these people.As clearly indicated by the violence that follows them when they come in this country, and clearly they're not tracking them once they are inside this country because this man was supposed to be in New Jersey with his sponsor wound up in a migrant hotel in Massachusetts with children.The program is broken. It's just another example of Biden's failed immigration policies that is causing people to suffer because of it and it is destroying their lives. They've made it very clear that they're not going to fix the problem, and they are fine with sacrificing 15-year-old children being raped, women being murdered, the violence, the drugs, the gangs -- all of it.WATTERS: So we're flying Haitian rapists into America. We're paying for it. So Biden's numbers don't look as bad at the border. Isn't it easier to vet someone in person, Amber? I mean, on the border, you can poke, you can prod, you can interrogate, you can look at their papers. How do you vet someone in Haiti? Have you seen Haiti?SMITH: No. So this is like apples and oranges. They're using a vetting system that may work with a first world country to first world country, think Europe, okay, they have systems in place where they can accurately and most likely properly vet people.When we're talking about these third world countries that have absolutely zero system for tracking people, no criminal records because they don't track them and then in their pseudo law and order justice system where people are paid off, and they have literally zero record.So they are not able to accurately vet these people and the American people are suffering the consequences because of it.WATTERS: I mean, Biden's got rapes. He's got murders on his hands. Now, it's an absolute catastrophe. We have to do something about this.Amber, thanks so much. We appreciate you joining.Another day, another problem for Boeing. This time an external panel went missing on a United Airlines flight going from San Francisco to Oregon. And now a Boeing whistleblower apparently committed suicide.Fox News correspondent Christina Coleman has the latest -- Christina.CHRISTINA COLEMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Jesse.Boeing whistleblower, John Barnett was found dead Saturday in a car outside of a Holiday Inn in Charleston, South Carolina, with what appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound according to the coroner's office, but some of Boeing's workers are reportedly not buying that."The New York Post" is reporting that a Boeing employee who does not want to be identified said "A lot of people are skeptical because he made some pretty powerful enemies." Barnett, a former Boeing quality control engineer who worked for the company for more than 30 years, recently testified and a whistleblower lawsuit against Boeing.He also did an interview with TMZ about alleged safety concerns within the company after an exit door ripped off a Boeing 737 Max 9 in January in midair, terrifying passengers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN BARNETT, BOEING WHISTLEBLOWER: So what we're seeing with the door club blowout is what I've seen with the rest of their plane as far as jobs not being completed properly. Inspection steps being removed, issues being ignored.(END VIDEO CLIP)COLEMAN: Boeing has released a statement saying: "We are saddened by Mr. Barnett's passing and our thoughts are with his family and friends."Barnett's attorneys also commenting on him. They say Barnett had been retaliated against and subjected to a hostile work environment. In a statement they said: "John was in the midst of a deposition in his whistleblower retaliation case, which finally was nearing the end. He was in very good spirits and really looking forward to putting this phase of his life behind him and moving on. We didn't see any indication he would take his own life. No one can believe it. We are all devastated. We need more information about what happened to John."Charleston Police are actively investigating and waiting for the formal cause of death to be determined. In this case -- Jesse.WATTERS: Christina, thank you so much.People are joking that Joe Biden may have been on something during the State of the Union.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: If professional sports have taught us anything, it's that bad deals can cripple a franchise. Ask the Broncos. They gave Russell Wilson a five-year $242 million deal and then cut them last week.The Browns traded three first rounders for Deshaun Watson, paid him 230 mil guaranteed and he's never on the field.And then there are the Mets, who are still paying Bobby Bonilla one-and-a- half million every year until 2035 even though he hasn't played for them in a quarter.But none of these even come close to Joe Biden's electric vehicle charger deal. It is the Bobby Bonilla of green energy deals. When the big guy came into office, he spent $5 billion to build 500,000 stations across the country. We are supposed to have charging stations every 50 miles on every highway. It was supposed to be halfway finished by now.But guess how many charging stations he's built? Four. That's it. Hawaii, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York each have one. So why is this taking so long? Where's the rest of the money? And who got the contracts?Republicans are demanding answers, but they're getting stonewalled by the administration. So are we?These stations are never going to be built because no one is buying electric cars. They barely work in the cold.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, we've got a bunch of dead robots out here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dead robots.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dead Teslas pack the parking lot of this Tesla super charging station in Oak Brook, a scene mirrored in other supercharging stations around the Chicago area.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is crazy. This is a disaster, seriously.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: With temperatures falling into the negative double digits, these charging ports have stopped charging, leaving many Tesla owners stranded here in long lines since Sunday.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Car companies are losing money on electric vehicles and now Biden slashing its green targets for Detroit just so he can win Michigan, we could be looking at the biggest boondoggle in US government history, and that's saying a lot.Fox News contributor, Charlie Hurt joins me now.Charlie, 500,000 of these stations were supposed to be built by now. They've done four.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: $5 billion for four. And you know what's really amazing about that, Jesse, is that's probably four more than they needed, because there's no market for these things.And you have to kind of give it to Democrats, you know, most corrupt politicians, they figure out a scheme for kickbacks or they steal money or they you know, they funnel some money to some friends of theirs or whatever. Democrats don't operate like that.Democrats -- what Democrats do is they create an entire industry. They claim that they care about the planet, they don't care about the planet. This has nothing to do with the environment. It all has to do with creating an entire industry where they build all of these companies.Remember, Solyndra with Barack Obama and Joe Biden was part of the Solyndra thing. That was billions of dollars, and it just vanishes into thin air. And they create this entire industry, so that they can hire all their buddies, they funnel all of these billions of dollars with a tax payer dollars. And, and then they call it a day, and it doesn't matter to them, all of it is absolutely useless, and if anything, it hurts the environment.WATTERS: They won't even tell us who their buddies are. They won't even tell us who got the contracts. That's how shady it is, Charlie.Also kind of shady, Joe Biden has these notecards and we keep seeing these cheat sheets that he brings. He met with the leader of Ireland today. And not only did it have the Irish flag in case he forgot, it had the picture of the man's face who he was sitting next to.Now everybody is thinking, this guy needs a cheat sheet to know what the guy is sitting across from him looks like. Also, everybody thinks he might have been on something during the State of the Union. Listen to these two fellas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID SPADE, SUPERFLY: On his regular speeches, they usually have a guy walk out and go, let's get ready to mumble and then he comes out.He just came out of that cannon. I mean, he popped out of the toaster. I just want whatever he was having. I thought he'd be running in that chamber going parkour, parkour.CARVEY: Maybe backstage, this is him going, Mr. President. This is -- this is for you. What is it? We call it a State of the Union. Oh sure. Is that how you say it, you know, I'm for this State of the Union. Oh, sir.SPADE: They put it in a biscuit like a dog.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I think Charlie had a few State of the Unions when he was in college.HURT: Oh, yes. Well, you know, this is not -- this is not your average Balance of Nature cocktail here. And I think the Joe Biden has a huge future selling whatever it was that he was on for the State of the Union address. And I think it's not just for old people either. I think young people would buy this stuff. Whatever it was, it was fantastic.WATTERS: Popped out of a toaster. Be like Biden. I'd buy some myself.Charlie, thank you so much.HURT: But the problem is, it's like a lot of these drugs. You know, the problem is you know, when do you come down from them and if you don't you know, after a certain number of hours you should seek medical attention.WATTERS: Poor Jill Biden, that's all I have to say. Poor Jill Biden.Sink or Swim is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Sink or Swim.The husband and wife edition. Rachel Campos-Duffy versus Sean Duffy and whoever wins is going to have bragging rights the whole weekend.RACHEL CAMPOS-DUFFY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "FOX AND FRIENDS" WEEKEND: That's right.SEAN DUFFY, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK HOST: No doubt.CAMPOS-DUFFY: If he wins, he still loses.WATTERS: That's how it always is.DUFFY: That's how it is, Jesse.WATTERS: All right, here's the category: Beware of the Bots.RFK, Jr.'s top picks for VP were revealed this week. And he said he's considering this man because he's a critical thinker and we need that with the rise of AI. Was you referring to Aaron Rodgers or Jesse "The Body" Ventura?Okay, both going Rogers -- with Rogers.DUFFY: You've got the wrong head on those.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR. (D), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Aaron Rodgers is battle tested. He is a critical thinker. And I think we need that as the rise of AI --(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Very much a critical thinker.DUFFY: I'm just going to note that Rachel looked at my --CAMPOS-DUFFY: That's not true. I did not.WATTERS: Wow. Rachel.CAMPOS-DUFFY: That's not true.DUFFY: Totally.WATTERS: Come on, Rachel.CAMPOS-DUFFY: I did look what he did, but I knew the answer.WATTERS: Have some integrity.DUFFY: Look at Jesse, not at me.WATTERS: Haiti hater: Which Democrat politician said this about Haiti back in '94: "If Haiti just quietly sank into the Caribbean or rose 300 feet, it wouldn't matter a whole lot in terms of our interest." Was it Bill Clinton or Joe Biden?CAMPOS-DUFFY: Wow, based on the way they treated Haiti, I'm going to go with the Clintons.WATTERS: And your husband going with --DUFFY: Clinton as well. Oh, no, I'm going to go Joe Biden.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Oh, yes.WATTERS: You're going with Joe Biden.DUFFY: I'm going to go Joe Biden.WATTERS: He doesn't know what he's doing.DUFFY: I'm doing Joe.WATTERS: Let's see it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: If Haiti just quietly sunk into the Caribbean or rose up 300 feet, it wouldn't matter a whole lot.(END VIDEO CLIP)DUFFY: Joe Biden.CAMPOS-DUFFY: That was a lucky --DUFFY: Daddy is up here. Daddy is up by one.WATTERS: Okay, so when he wins, it's luck.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.WATTERS: I see how this --DUFFY: I didn't know the answer. You only guess it was Joe Biden.WATTERS: Squad Smear Machine: Which squad member referred to President Trump as the former White supremacist in chief? Was it AOC or Cori Bush?CAMPOS-DUFFY: God, they're both so bad. That's a tough one. It is tough.WATTERS: It is tough.CAMPOS-DUFFY: I'll go with AOC.WATTERS: Okay.DUFFY: I'll go with Cori Bush.WATTERS: Your husband is protecting the answer from sneaky eyes. Let's see it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. CORI BUSH (D-MO): Republicans have used the special counsel's report to further their long-standing efforts to reelect -- reelect the former White supremacist in chief, Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Look how --DUFFY: I guess, they are beside themselves now, because they would not have a better look.WATTERS: Look who is self-assured he is right now.CAMPOS-DUFFY: He knows the squad well, It is not necessarily a great --DUFFY: A good thing.CAMPOS-DUFFY: No.WATTERS: What we do in these situations where our preferred winner, Rachel is down by two. We like to make this next question --DUFFY: A three-point question.WATTERS: Yes, to keep it interesting. Here's the category. It's another Russia: Which Democrats said this week that Trump's intelligence briefings need to be restricted because he may shoot it off to the Russian ambassador. Was it Adam Schiff or Nancy Pelosi? This is worth two.DUFFY: I want to go the same answer.WATTERS: So both go in with Adam Schiff.DUFFY: Yes.WATTERS: Rachel?DUFFY: I'm a guaranteed winner now.CAMPOS-DUFFY: I'm guaranteeing --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): They will have to assume anything they tell him will shoot off his mouth about and he may shoot it off to the Russian ambassador.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Okay, well as Rachel said, even when he wins, you lose.DUFFY: I've got a whole shelf of these, Jesse. Thank you.WATTERS: Wear it tonight. Wear it proudly.DUFFY: I will.CAMPOS-DUFFY: He will. Going out to dinner. Wear it to dinner.DUFFY: I will.WATTERS: I dare you to wear it to dinner.DUFFY: Like a costume.WATTERS: All right, thanks guys.CAMPOS-DUFFY: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Programming note, I'm going to be on Mark Levin's show, "Life, Liberty & Levin" at eight o'clock Eastern tomorrow night. What could that be about? Probably has something to do with "Get It Together." The greatest book ever written besides the Bible.We'll have exclusive interviews again every day next week for the "Get It Together" series. Tuesday, the book drops the same day as the Pope and the Pope should be worried.Let's do some texts.Pat from New York: Ten thousand texts? Fani may have to call Hillary.You got any bleach?Cory from Wellsville, New York: Odor of mendacity is my new favorite phrase.That was the name of my band in high school.Gary from Tallahassee, Florida: Joe stopped by a charging station on the way to his State of the Union.Oh man, I need one of those State of the Unions.We've got James from Florida: It makes me feel lucky. Post my texts. Happy St. Patrick's Day.Happy St. Patrick's Day to the luckiest audience in the world.I'm Watters, and this is my world.