MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's time to impeach Joe Biden for his multiple high crimes against the American people including funding our enemy, Iran's nuclear program and terrorist operations, intentionally opening the border to criminal, sex slavery, killer drugs, and terrorists. Brazenly defying two Supreme Court decisions and federal immigration law, committing multiple criminal acts and violation of the Espionage Act when he wasn't president, selling classified information in exchange for an $8 million book advance, and failing to take care that our laws are upheld and enforced and the security of our country is ensured as the Constitution compels.Course correction. There's one for you, Schumer, what do you say?I'll see you next time on "Life, Liberty & Levin."TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening and thank you for joining us. I'm Trey Gowdy and it is SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.One character has left the soap opera in Georgia, which has been doubling as an election interference case, but the show goes on at least for now.Judge Scott McAfee said special prosecutor Nathan Wade wasn't quite so special after all, and he has got to leave the case, but the judge left the elected DA Fani Willis on the prosecution team despite significant questions about her credibility.Judge McAfee reminded us once again prosecutors are held to a high and exacting standard. The power to indict, prosecute, ruin reputations, bankrupt defendants should be wielded fairly. It is however hard and rare for judges to kick prosecutors off a case absent an actual conflict of interest. But it's not solely the job of the judge to do what's right.Prosecutors should not need to be reminded or scolded by judges. Prosecutors should embrace justice, not each other. Prosecutors should strive to be fair, not rich. The public should elect ones that don't need to be reminded of that.Paul Mauro is an attorney and a Fox News contributor and he joins us now.Welcome, Paul. It is great to have you especially on an issue like this. It is sort of a mixed ruling: Wade is gone, Willis can stay. What do you make of that?PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So the judge's decision essentially breaks out into two parts, Trey. First, he says, there is no indication that the case was brought for an improper motive. Fair enough. So he says the case can continue.But then he doubles down on the idea that there were real improprieties here. He calls it the odor of mendacity, which is judged for likely perjury. And what he says is that that's going to be for others to investigate. I'm going to let the case continue. But there were all these irregularities that really bare looking at, and it should be up to the Georgia State Bar.He names the Georgia State Assembly, I think he meant Senate because that's who actually is investigating right now. And by implication, Governor Kemp, who can appoint a special prosecutor potentially, or AG Carr, the Georgia State AG, who could also open a criminal case and realistically, what he is saying is, there is something here, I'm not going to delve into it. Others need to. You're over the bar for a good faith investigation. And really, a criminal investigation under those auspices is what it's going to take to get to the bottom of what really occurred here.GOWDY: You raise two excellent points. I'll take them in the order in which you brought them up. It is hard for an elected judge to kick an elected DA off a case. I mean, the evidence of conflict must be unassailable. That said, he had some tough words for Fani Willis and her believability. I think he's just saying, Look, that's for other people to sort out whether she committed perjury. I don't see an actual conflict that results to her dismissal. But that doesn't mean she's off the hook.MAURO: It doesn't at all, and this clearly is going to continue. Let's remember, the Georgia State Senate is investigating. They've already issued subpoenas and done some interviews. There's also a subpoena for her pending in the House that Jim Jordan has had issued, and he's about the hold her in contempt for not complying.So that is not a great optic, if you're sitting or some of the Georgia State officials are, if it ends up being a federal official who actually starts to crack this open.So I think really what has to happen here and I think this is what the judge did is he said, I'm teeing it up, it's up to you to run with the ball. There's a lot here. It's up to you now to issue search warrants, to go after those 10,000 text messages, which were apparently sent between the two, prior to her hiring him.Those are going to really tell the tale. They're retrievable, as are the e- mails. And what's interesting, Trey, is that if they go down that route, and there is a genuine criminal investigation, and they build to a grand jury, they start putting people into the grand jury, maybe even consider flipping Wade against Willis, what you're going to have is the original sin here that the judge dismissed, which is was this brought for an improper motive?You're going to get a lot of insight from those e-mails, and remember something else, there were interviews at the White House. Such an investigation goes all the way up. According to the reporting, Willis, herself appears to have met with Kamala Harris. That's coming from the defendants' side.There's a lot here. It just comes down to the officials willingness to open this case and pursue it.GOWDY: Our viewers have seen Alvin Bragg, they've seen Fani Willis. I mean, prosecutors are not supposed to act like this. They're supposed to work for a blindfolded woman holding a set of scales. I'll give you the last word on what's kind of happened with these so-called progressive prosecutors.MAURO: Yes, it is really a shame, the judge alludes to it. He talks about her professionalism on the stand. The fact that this one is falling apart, I think, tests some doubt on all of these cases, because they all seem to have real, real problems. And those of us who grew up in the law, believe in the law, worked in law enforcement. This wasn't a great day for American jurisprudence. That's the kind of thing that makes you say to yourself, what's going on here? And is it only happening because the defendant's name is Trump?GOWDY: It is sad, but we're glad we got you to help us break it down. The great Paul Mauro, thank you for joining us on a Sunday night.MAURO: Thank you, Congressman.GOWDY: Special Counsel Rob Hur had a difficult job in a challenging environment. The result was a report that gave both Republicans and Democrats something to like and something to dislike. So is unhappiness a sign of fairness or failure?Hur seems to argue Biden was either one, incompetent to stand trial and participate in his own defense; or two, some essential element, evidentiary element of the offense was missing; or three, the evidence was there, but prosecutorial discretion said don't go forward because the jury will not convict.So which was it? And does it matter?North Dakota Congressman Kelly Armstrong, to me, had a very effective line of questioning during the committee hearing this week, buddy ran into that ridiculous five-minute deadline Congress applies. So bad questioners get the same amount of time as good ones, but not here and he joins us now.Congressman, I'm still not sure what Rob Hur was arguing -- legal incompetency, a failure of evidence, or prosecutorial discretion. What did you hear?REP. KELLY ARMSTRONG (R-ND): Well, I would have liked to continue my questioning on that very thing. It's clear that Biden willfully possessed those documents. They were national security documents. They have him on audio reading national security documents, classified documents to his ghostwriter, which essentially is all of the elements of the crime. It's all the elements of the crime, there's only three.And so how do you not recommend a prosecution? And it goes into exactly what you said. Two people had a really bad day during the hearing. I think President Biden had a bad day, because it's clear he conducted -- he did the illegal act and the political ramifications are that you can't prosecute him because he will come across as a forgetful, well-meaning old man. It is not great when you're running for president.But I also think the DOJ had another bad day, because the underlying report clearly establishes that he willfully collected those documents. And yet again, they refer -- they don't refer it for any further action.GOWDY: I like the law better than I do politics, but I want to switch to politics for a second. It is hard to win congressional hearings. There's a media headwind and half the panel is going in another direction. On balance, do you think it was worth having Hur there? Did you learn more than you knew when you woke up Tuesday morning? And do you think that his testimony moved any potential American voters?ARMSTRONG: I didn't, because I had spent a lot of time with the report. I think it's important that we do that. I do think so, I think that people can clearly see that over the last since 2016, Trey, only three people have run for president, only three -- Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden, and Donald Trump. All three of them have been accused of mishandling classified documents, only one of them has been prosecuted.It's the only former president to ever be prosecuted and I think the special prosecutor here laid bare that President Biden committed each and every one of the underlying elements of the crime so people get to see in real time that we have people being treated very differently depending on who they are.GOWDY: Yes, I mean, if you leave the obstruction part out of and it just look at the underlying criminal statute, I actually think the facts are much better against Joe Biden than they are Donald Trump. I mean, he served in the Senate. He was on committees where he knew he could not do what he did, and he did it over a longer period of time.Before I let you go, I want to ask you, there were two lines in the report. One about Biden being an elderly man with a poor memory and one about Trump's case being different. And those two lines seem to elicit the most questions.If you were special counsel, if you were the AG, are those lines necessary? Could he have done this job without including either of those lines?ARMSTRONG: I think when you're not going to refer this case for further prosecution, even though I mean, he could have just said we don't prosecute sitting presidents, that's not what he did. So I think the addition of why they weren't prosecuting President Biden was necessary.With regards to the President Trump line, you used to prosecute, I used to be a defense attorney. The answer is that okay, you committed a crime, but you cooperated afterwards or you didn't cooperate afterwards so we're not going to charge you with the underlying crime. American people know that that would be a ridiculous outcome.So I don't particularly understand the difference on a separate set of charges for Trump than the underlying crime of keeping and disclosing classified documents.GOWDY: Now, cooperation goes to the sentence you receive, it does not go to whether or not you are charged. You are right.Well, look, I'm a harsh critic. I'm used to watching the old John Ratcliffes of the world. I thought you did a fantastic job and I found myself being happy you went first and sad that you had to stop after five minutes.So congratulations on a job well done.ARMSTRONG: Thank you, sir.GOWDY: Coming up, Joe Biden has a hard time using the word "illegal" but according to Special Counsel Rob Hur, he might not remember that.Senator Tim Scott joins us ahead.Plus the GOP is fighting to win back the Senate in 2024 and Bernie Moreno is in the fight for the nomination in Ohio. He's next on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Most anything goes in politics these days. You can call voters deplorable, anti-democratic. You can call opponents racist, misogynist, homophobic. You can call Black Republicans Uncle Tom, a token, a prop, a ventriloquist dummy.You can use terms like terrorist, White supremacist, extremist, anarchist for your opponents. You can even belittle a senator for where she sat while giving a speech. Anything except this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Lincoln Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal. That's right. But how many thousands of people being killed by illegals?(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Because then you have to do this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN CAPEHART, MSNBC: You used the word "illegal" when talking about the man who allegedly killed Laken Riley.BIDEN: Undocumented. An undocumented person. I shouldn't have used illegal. I should have used undocumented.I'm not going to treat any, any, any of these people with disrespect. Look, they built the country.CAPEHART: So you regret using that word.BIDEN: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Those are stunning words to hear that people like the man who bludgeoned Laken Riley to death, built this country and should be treated with respect.With respect, Mr. President, the man who murdered Laken Riley did not build this country. He entered it illegally. He did not build anything, he destroyed it. He took her life and sentenced her family and friends to a prison of grief for the remainder of their lives.We hear a lot of us who called DREAMers. Well, Americans have dreams to or had dreams, I should say. Laken Riley dreamed of being a nurse, but those dreams died right beside her.So while MSNBC may be offended at the word "illegal," the rest of us are not. She was killed, which is illegal by someone unlawfully in the country, which is illegal. Apparently, it's fine to know it, you just can't say it.The left has no trouble naming victims who advance their causes, no trouble demonizing people they don't like, but you can't call a man illegally in the country who illegally took a life, illegal.And the fact that Biden apologized tells us a lot.We're not talking about a valedictorian. We're talking about a defendant who kidnapped a woman, bludgeoned her to death, drag her corpse to a secluded area, disfigured her skull and tried to avoid apprehension by concealing her body.Illegal hardly begins to capture what he did. But rather than protecting the feelings of his base, the president should try protecting the lives of people he swore an oath to defend.You know, the left wanted to defund the police and elect progressive prosecutors who can't find anyone worthy of prison. And now, they worry about showing respect to capital eligible defendants, and I wonder what we have become.Joining us now is Senator Tim Scott from the great state of South Carolina.Senator, Laken Riley is not the first nor will she be the last person to lose her life at the hands of someone here illegally. I just wonder when is it finally going to be enough to act?SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): I cannot understand President Biden to save my life, Trey. God Bless America with a new president.We were better off under Trump, but I've got to tell you this, a president of the United States who is more concerned with the term illegal versus undocumented, when the term he should be using is murderer is frustrating and disgusting.I cannot tell you as a kid who grew up in a household of a nurse's assistant who dedicated 50 years of her life to making sure that people were better off, seeing Laken Riley who wanted to go down the same path to help Americans, to make us better, to be murdered on our own streets, out for a jog and have a president of the United States go on any TV station and apologize for calling the murderer illegal means he is not fit for office.We need a new president. We need someone who respects the laws of our country, who closes our southern border and who stands up for innocent life. Yes, Laken Riley's innocent life.Frustrating as it is, Trey. We know that more murderers are coming into our country, more rapists are coming into our country. A story recently, a Haitian person raped another American. Here's what we need to know. It is sick and tired. I'm sick and tired, Trey, of hearing these stories that are preventable.The president of the United States becomes complicit when he refuses to close our southern border. He is complicit when he worries about what he calls a person and he is certainly complicit when the first hundred days, he had 94 executive actions to make our country unsafe.GOWDY: You know, Senator, he may well be complicit but he is not alone. Katie Porter, who wound up being too liberal even for California wanted to make sure we didn't use just one murder to change policy. But also the senator from Georgia said pretty much the same thing.I want to listen to Raphael Warnock and ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. RAPHAEL WARNOCK (D-GA): Laken Riley did not deserve what happened to her.This is smoke and mirrors by people who are not serious.The only way to address the current crisis on the border and divided government is on a bipartisan basis. And so rather than demagoguing this tragic death by this young woman, they ought to get serious, and let's pass some bipartisan legislation and deal with the crisis.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: You know, Senator Warnock said she "did not deserve what happened to her." That is a stunning thing to say.SCOTT: She got murdered.GOWDY: I mean, I wouldn't want you to step out on a limb, Senator, didn't deserve what happened to her. He also says it is smoke and mirrors. What do you say?SCOTT: Trey, she got murdered. What happened to her was a crime. She was murdered on the streets where she should have been safe. She was not safe because liberal elites, including the president of the United States refuses to be serious and to get serious about securing our southern border.She was murdered, Trey, along with 70,000 other Americans who've already lost their lives with fentanyl. They died senseless deaths that were preventable if we close our southern border.Every single American of good conscience should be outraged by the comments of the liberal elites, the Democrats who believe it is okay to appease their base. It's okay to have preferences for illegal immigrants.But it's not okay for us to be outraged at the murders of Americans at the hands of illegal immigrants in our country. They broke the law to get here. This one broke the law twice.GOWDY: The fact that President Biden felt the need to apologize for insulting someone who is about to stand trial for potentially capital murder tells us about all we need to know about the current state of the left fringe of the Democratic Party.Senator Tim Scott from the great state of South Carolina, thank you for joining us.SCOTT: Thank you, sir.GOWDY: As Republicans look to win the Senate and 2024, sometimes we look at certain states and wonder how did that happen?How does a Democrat win Montana? How did Republicans win in Massachusetts or Maryland while a Democrat wins in Kentucky? And then you look at Ohio increasingly a red state and wonder how Senator Sherrod Brown is still there. How can a liberal Senator represent Ohio?Several candidates are competing to change that this fall. Bernie Moreno joins us now. He is one of them.Welcome Mr. Moreno. So how does Sherrod Brown hang on? Ohio is a red state and Brown definitely ain't a red senator. So how does he win?BERNIE MORENO (R), OHIO SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: Well he comes by on election season and pretends he's a moderate and the media, especially all over Ohio cover for him. He's never been up against somebody who was well resourced. He's never been up against somebody who had an actual contrast between him and the candidate. And most importantly, he's never been up where he's at the top of the ticket versus President Trump.So Sherrod Brown has got to overcome his attachment to Biden, his terrible record, people are going to vote over their pocketbook in November. And this is going to be the time he finally retired.He's been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president.GOWDY: I have to think about that. I think I was a kid, then. Wow, that's been a long time.Al right, politics is weird, which is one reason I'm glad that I'm not still in it. You have the support of former President Trump, you have the support of Congressman Jimmy Jordan and according to news reports, you have the support of Chuck Schumer, at least in the fact that they're running ads to boost you, because they think you'll be easier to beat in the fall.So what is going on there? And is it true that the Democrats are trying to boost you in some game of chess that they're playing?MORENO: Well, they're not very good at playing anything. I have no idea. The reality is that I have also Senator JD Vance behind me, they thought in 2016, as you know, that Hillary Clinton was inevitable, nobody could beat her. President Trump beat her.The reality is they always think outsiders are easier to beat, because they come from a culture where the only thing that you should do is be a politician your whole life.So when they look at people like me, outsider business person, conservative, maybe they're making the wrong calculus again. I don't know. Here's what I do know, is we're going to take out Sherrod Brown. He has no chance against me. We're going to have the right resources, we're going to campaign really hard. I've sold off my businesses, so this is my focus all day, every day.GOWDY: All right, I looked at your website, your platform seems to begin with education. In your judgment, what is the role of the federal government on the issue of education? I mean, most conservatives think it's primarily a state issue. But is there a role for a US senator on that important topic of education?MORENO: Yes, I think what we have to do is let local communities, we have to let parents in local communities make the educational choices for their kids. Trey, that means that we have to fulfill Ronald Reagan's promise to end the Department of Education. We have to do that once and for all.I think we will do that. I think that will exist if we put in the right conservatives, that, by the way, understand the Constitution. There is no constitutional role for the federal government in education. We know that to be true.So as Republicans, we've got to start keeping our promises and doing the things that we campaigned on. That starts with getting rid of the Department of Education.GOWDY:` GOP primaries can sometimes have sharp elbows. You are not alone on the primary ballot. Any concern at all that there will be an ability to coalesce in the fall, no matter who the nominee is, and take on Sherrod Brown.MORENO: No. On March 28th, the day after our primary, our primary is Tuesday, on Wednesday, we will be a fully united dysfunctional family. That's what we'll do. We're going to bring the party together. That's what I can uniquely do.As a business guy, I have the Chamber of Commerce who understands who I am. But I'm also somebody who understands the grassroots and listen to them. I've campaigned hard for the last year, I'll continue to listen to them. I'm the one that uniquely can bring the party together.One of my opponents has no chance of bringing the party together. In fact, he's even said that only 16 counties out of the 88 in Ohio matte. In reality, I've got the broadest support throughout the entire state. And that's going to be my singular focus on March 28th, it is to bring the entirety of the Republican party together.GOWDY: Bernie Moreno, trying to send Sherrod Brown to his retirement this fall and in the process, maybe control of the Senate hangs in the balance.Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night. Look forward to talking to you again soon.MORENO: You got it. Thank you.GOWDY: Up next, is TikTok a tool of the Chinese Communist government? The people who use it daily, they don't care.Congressman Mike Turner joins us after the break with more only on SUNDAY NIGHT AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: This is a Fox News Alert. I'm Ashley Strohmier in New York.Dozens of American citizens are back home safe in the US tonight after escaping chaos and gang violence in Haiti. They arrived in Miami just hours ago on the first US rescue charter flight from the country.Officials say 47 passengers were on board, several hundred more American citizens though who are still believed to be trapped in Haiti. Violent gangs have taken over about 80 percent of the country's capital city closing government buildings, roads and airports in the process.And a manhunt is underway in our nation's capital for the suspect who shot seven people leaving two dead. It happened early this morning outside of a recreation center just blocks from the White House.Police say all of the victims are adults and the survivors were taken to the hospital. It is still not clear what exactly led up to that shooting.I'm Ashley Strohmier. Now back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.For all your headlines, log on to foxnews.com.GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.TikTok is a popular social media platform with nearly two billion users worldwide, which includes 150 million Americans who use it on a regular basis. But is TikTok a tool of the Chinese government? Is TikTok a threat to our national security or your personal security?Most members of Congress seem to think so. There's a House passed sweeping legislation this week. Mike Turner is the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, he would have access to more information on TikTok than just about anyone else I know and he joins us now.Welcome to you, Mr. Chairman. Politically, I think it's not easy to disappoint 150 Americans. So Congress must have really, really believed the threat, the danger from TikTok is real. Tell us what you can about it.REP. MICHAEL TURNER (R-OH): Well, Trey, thank you for having me. You're absolutely right.Members of Congress have also had access to classified briefings both -- we did Congress-wide and members of the Energy and Commerce Committee had additional briefings.What we know here and this is something that, I think a great signal from Congress, China is not like everyone else, and we're going to have to stop treating them like they are.What you have now is President Xi stepping forward and making it clear that he sees himself as an adversary to the United States. When he stood next to Vladimir Putin with what was the open mic event where he was caught saying, you know, Vladimir Putin and himself are bringing about change that hasn't happened in a hundred years. Well, that's the fight between democracy and authoritarianism that happened during World War One and World War Two, and he truly sees himself as trying to remake the world. TikTok certainly is a tool that can be used in ways to advance propaganda and it certainly has Congress' concern.GOWDY: All right, I don't want to shock you, Chairman. But I actually don't use TikTok. For those who do use TikTok, the legislation passed by the House, what specifically would it do? Force a sale? Ban it? What specifically do users need to be on the lookout for?TURNER: The intent of the legislation is to force the disinvestment of the Chinese ownership of TikTok, to cause them to sell TikTok that certainly means that TikTok could continue to operate, but it would be, you know, free of the Chinese ownership influence. And of course, the risk that everyone in Congress sees it.You know, this vote was overwhelming. And it was overwhelming, really, because that shift, people are understanding that, you know, China is an adversary, the ransomware, the attacks, the hacking that they do into our economy, the military buildup they do. They see themselves as positioning themselves as a strong adversary to the United States and TikTok certainly is a dangerous tool in the hands of an adversary.GOWDY: You mentioned the vote was overwhelming and it was. There was one pretty prominent person on the other side of the issue. Let's listen to him together. And then I'll ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: People on TikTok that love it, there are a lot of young kids on Tik Tok who will go crazy without it. There are a lot of users, there's a lot of good, and there's a lot of bad with TikTok.But the thing I don't like is that without TikTok, you can make Facebook bigger and I consider Facebook to be an enemy of the people.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: You know, Chairman, concerns over TikTok existed among former President Trump's national security advisers, many of whom I know very, very well when he was in office. And yet, he I guess, oppose this bill. Any idea why? I mean, his national security team wanted to ban it, too. So why the change?TURNER: Well, I can't speak to the change itself. But I can say this, that there has been a significant change, I think, overall, in the use of social media, specifically in the area, not to just communicate with others. But as a source of news, as a source of information, people are becoming reliant upon apps and social media for really their information about what's going on in the world and that's why the issue of the propaganda aspect of these social media sites and an app certainly being in the hands of a declared adversary, make them all that much more concerning.GOWDY: All right, before I let you go, it heads to the Senate now, which is where many good ideas go to die. What do you think is going to happen there?TURNER: Well the president has said that he will sign this bill which means it would become law. I think that the Senate will probably have very vigorous debate, but I expect this bill is going to come out of the Senate and head to the President's desk for signature.GOWDY: Chairman Mike Turner from the great state of Ohio, Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, thank you so much for joining us. Look forward to seeing you soon.TURNER: Thank you, Trey.GOWDY: Coming up, who sets the red lines in Israel? Benjamin Netanyahu or Joe Biden? Netanyahu's spokesperson Tal Heinrich joins us right after the break.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Obama had a red line in Syria, which turned out to be more magenta or light pink. Now Biden has a red line, but not for Hamas, not for the Palestinians, not even for Iran. No, Biden has a red line for Israel.Biden seems to be conditioning support for Israel and access to US weapons on whether Israel continues moving into Southern Gaza.So was October 7th really that long ago? Has Hamas been eliminated? Or is Biden looking at the polls, which indicate young people don't like his policies in the Middle East?Joining us is Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's spokesperson Tal Heinrich. Welcome back, Tal. It is so good to see you.The US and Israel have a deep and lasting relationship. I wonder, has Biden communicated a red line to Netanyahu? And if so why did he feel the need to make it public?TAL HEINRICH, BENJAMIN NETANYAHU SPOKESPERSON: Thank you for having me on, Trey. Good to see you too.You see, we have a red line. Our prime minister just stated it a few days ago. We have a red line that we're not going to leave four Hamas operational battalions in Rafah.We've gotten to this point in which we've taken out the majority of Colossus military capabilities, three-quarters of their battalions. We're not going to leave the rest of them untouched. That's a red line and that's a decision that we took as a nation.It's not a prime minister. It's not a War Cabinet. It's not the IDF that just took this decision. It is a nation that took a decision that we will no longer accept life next to a terror enclave and that October 7th cannot happen again.Now what would happen if these battalions would be left untouched? Hamas will rearm, regroup, and attack us again. And you and I will have this conversation again down the road. We cannot allow this to happen. This is our red line.GOWDY: All right, let's take let's take a listen to Biden's Secretary of State Tony Blinken and I'll ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANTONY BLINKEN, US SECRETARY OF STATE: If there are going to be military operations in Rafah, a clear and implementable plan to get the civilians out of out of harm's way and to provide for them once out of harm's way. We have not seen that plan.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: I won't give you a chance to assure Secretary Blinken that you are just as concerned about civilian casualties as he is. I find the lecture to be somewhat interesting from Blinken to Israelis. Israelis are surrounded by enemies. But what is Israel doing to limit civilian casualties?HEINRICH: You see, we have the plans. They were presented to the War Cabinet. The prime minister has approved the plans for Rafah and they will achieve two goals: The elimination of the Hamas battalions there and the evacuation of civilians from the fighting zones.Once we move forward with the plan, with a strategic plan, we will of course, take care of the civilian population there. There's no question about it.GOWDY: But before I let you go, Senator Chuck Schumer is apparently not content mismanaging his own country. He has some advice for Israel as well. I want us to listen together and then I'll ask you a question before we go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): At this critical juncture, I believe a new election is the only way to allow for a healthy and open decision making process about the future of Israel.Of course, the United States cannot dictate the outcome of an election nor should we try. That is for the Israeli public to decide.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: I think it's pretty spectacular and a really bad way that the Senate Majority Leader is calling for the removal of the head of state of an ally, but I'll give you the last word.HEINRICH: Trey, Israel is a sovereign nation. Of course, we're a democracy and a democracy, this concept or the citizens choose their own government who leads them, and right now in case someone hasn't noticed, we have a unity government in place which is reflective really of the public sentiment that you really see across Israel.Now, the prime minister represents the overwhelming majority of Israelis who reject the notion of a Palestinian terrorists state and the impediment to peace and I mean, real peace, not just empty slogans is Palestinian terrorism and their refusal to acknowledge that the Jewish state, the state of Israel is here to stay.After 9/11, you know, President George W. Bush said either you're with us or you are with the terrorist, and 20 years later, we simply ask the same question: Are you with us or with the terrorists?GOWDY: You're a lot more diplomatic than I am, Tal. I think Chuck Schumer is a joke, is a bad joke and he has no business whatsoever lecturing any other sovereign nation on who their leader ought to be especially an ally like Israel. But you're more diplomatic than I am.Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night. We will have this conversation again, I am sure.HEINRICH: Of course. Thank you.GOWDY: Up next, artificial intelligence poses an extinction level threat. We talked to the experts sounding that alarm only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.A new report commissioned by the State Department warns of a different national security threat: Artificial Intelligence. Rise of AI, according to this report has the potential to destabilize global security, perhaps even as much as the advent of nuclear weaponry. The study argues for an action plan to increase safety and security.Joining us now are the co-authors of this study, Jeremie and Ed Harris from Gladstone AI. Thank you so much. Welcome. Thank you for being here.Let's start with the basics, Jeremie. What precisely is AI? And is it smarter than the human mind or just a lot quicker about processing information?JEREMIE HARRIS, GLADSTONE AI: That's a great question, Trey, and you know, there are a lot of different forms of AI and a lot of different risks that comes from different forms of AI. Also a lot of opportunities, right?So we've seen just in the last couple of months, AI systems that can make breakthroughs in fields like material science, breakthroughs in areas like Medicine, right? This is way beyond what we see with ChatGPT. But then we also do have ChatGPT and systems like that.So we're talking about systems in general that can sort of offload, that we can offload our cognition to, to solve problems, in many cases that no human could solve on their own.EDOUARD HARRIS, GLADSTONE AI: And current systems are not as smart as human beings. Oh, my apologies. Go for it.GOWDY: No, no, no, you're the experts. Look, I'm just a country lawyer. When you mentioned Medicine, I'm sitting here thinking AI is used in Medicine, presumably to great benefit. So I'm wondering what does bad or dangerous AI look like?JEREMIE HARRIS: So as you build these systems to higher and higher capability levels, one of the risks that surfaces is that they can be weaponized, right? So you can imagine using an AI system, for example, to carry out a cyberattack, right?AI systems can code in some cases better than human competitive programmers. So if that's true, then they can write better malware than human competitive programmers.So you've got to kind of walk and chew gum at the same time and understand the benefits that come with the risks. We don't want to shoot ourselves in the foot, right? We want to be pro-business, we want to encourage development in the space, while at the same time minding the risks. And that's really what the action plan is all about.GOWDY: All right, for both of you, very few things capture my attention quite like the word extinction, as in no one is left, that word actually captures my attention. Is that threat real? Or are we just trying to get people's attention to focus on the issue.JEREMIE HARRIS: So over the last two years, we've been speaking to frontier labs, these top labs like OpenAI, not just to their executives, in many cases, their CEOs, but also to concerned researchers on the frontlines and stuff, the ones who are actually building like the next ChatGPT.Their concerns very much do revolve around weaponization and the prospect of losing control of these systems. Those risks are also backed by a whole bunch of evidence that we've now seen surface. There's empirical evidence, you know, technical papers, technical research, but also more and more evidence of service from the use of these systems in the real world.And so yes, you know, this is something to take seriously. We do, unfortunately, live in a world where, you know, the three most cited AI researchers on Planet Earth, two of the three founders of the field, and all these researchers are flagging this risk, and there's evidence for it.But again, you know, huge positives, we have to kind of embrace this paradox, walking and chewing gum at the same time, setting up pro-business environments for this, but also not losing sight of the national security imperative.GOWDY: All right, Ed, for those of us who are not experts, like you two are, tell us what we should know? What should we be looking for? What should we be reading articles on so we can become conversant and knowledgeable on this issue?EDOUARD HARRIS: Yes, so there are a number of sources that are extremely good. We actually have a website ourselves called AITracker.org where we track this stuff, but it is extremely challenging because there are new systems and new models that break ground in this field coming out every week, or every month.Just a month ago, OpenAI released Sora, which is a model that allows you to generate videos with a quick prompt, you can literally tell it, a woman walking in Tokyo in the rain, and it will generate a one minute nearly movie quality video of exactly that.There are systems that can play video games across multiple modes, systems that can write systems that can generate images. Tracking, that is actually one of the major parts of our job. And one of the things that has gone into the action plan that we've developed to address this risk set.GOWDY: Thank you for illuminating that for us and I look forward to talking to you both again.JEREMIE HARRIS: Thank you so much, Trey.EDOUARD HARRIS: Thanks so much.GOWDY: And thank you for spending part of your Sunday with us. I hope you have a great week ahead.Until next week, you can find us online at Gowdy America or on "The Trey Gowdy Podcast." Good night from South Carolina.