SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: As always thank you for being with us. Thank you for making the show possible. We hope you'll set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity. In the meantime let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. Here we go. Happy Tuesday, everybody. You look scrumptious. I could eat every one of you and I just might. All right. The ladies of The View have now expressed regret over their treatment of Kate Middleton saying they quote fell down a rabbit hole, which raises a key question, how the hell did they fit? The LA and Miami homes of rapper Sean Combs have been raided by Homeland Security in connection with a sex trafficking investigation. In other news combs is changing his name from Diddy to didn't.Jill Biden spent Sunday morning at a SoulCycle spin class. To make her feel at home, some of the cyclists fell over. A new you study claims that your facial features may have been influenced by what your mother ate during pregnancy. If that's true, then Nancy Pelosi's mom ate a lot of Tupperware. A new poll finds that 73 percent of voters are fine with the term "illegal immigrant." The remaining 23 -- 27 percent of voters were illegal immigrants.McDonald's just announced plans to sell Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Yeah, in response you'll never guess who took the day off to celebrate. It's never going to end.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Never over.GUTFELD: All right, let's do a monologue. And so Florida forbids social media for kids. Governor Ron DeSantis just signed a bill making it illegal for kids under 14 to join a social media platform while requiring parental permission from 14 and 15-year-olds. Any existing social media account created by a child under 14 must be deleted by the company. Failure to do so could expose the company to expensive fines and lawsuits. Weird, the measure has received bipartisan support. Odd. The last thing to receive bipartisan support was the let's throw Jesse Watters into a vat of boiling oil bill. I co-sponsored that one.But it's refreshing that even some Democrats want to protect kids, especially in Florida where Dems would rather pleasure an alligator than admit DeSantis is right.TYRUS: What the hell.GUTFELD: I'm glad we put the little black thing over his eyes. Don't want any -- don't want any lawsuits from the reptile community. Yeah. Oh, I never forget a jaw line. Yeah, of course, Florida is expecting a challenge that it violates the First Amendment, which ironically will come from the same people who want adults banned for asking a woman at Planet Fitness to throw on a jockstrap. But they're ready for it. Here's Florida House Speaker Paul Renner.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAUL RENNER, FLORIDA HOUSE SPEAKER: You will not find a line in this bill that addresses good speech or bad speech because that would violate the First Amendment. We've -- we've not addressed that at all. What we have addressed is the addictive features that are at the heart of why children stay on these platforms for hours and hours on end.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yeah, he's talking about notification alerts and autoplay videos, which makes social media as addictive as my legendary back rubs. The secret? No hands. But the content of the speech isn't that issue. There's no viewpoint discrimination. The idea is that social media itself is harmful to kids, not just any particular message being sent on it. Keep in mind, DeSantis already vetoed another version of this bill that would have banned social media for anyone under the age of 16. Why does this matter? Good question.Well, young brains aren't like adult brains. Like Joe Biden's dinner, They're mushy and unformed. These brains are not fully developed until the mid to late 20s. Or in my case, the mid to late never. Those growing brains can't handle the constant bombardment of bullying, peer pressure, gender indoctrination, climate change panic and racial hysteria. They'll have plenty of time for that, you know when they go to college.Now, does this law limit a child's freedom? Yes. Does our society limited child's freedom already? Yes. You got to be 16 to drive a car, 18 to vote. Hell you got to be 21 just to legally drink a beer. We don't Let kids smoke cigarettes either no matter how it makes them look. But all those things are arguably less damaging than putting a child on TikTok or putting TikTok into a child's brains. Do you remember how social media took off? It was something called Facebook. Why was it called Facebook?Mark Zuckerberg created it at Harvard to judge the looks of other classmates, which is funny given that Zuckerberg looks like something you'd find stuck to a glue trap. So it began it's something that would make people feel like crap, then we shouldn't be surprised how many people feel like crap now because of it. But Facebook exploded mainly because people wanted to check out who got fat after high school. Along the way, it became much more, a way to share information and news faster than we could have ever imagined.And without thinking much the adults let the kids have access without pondering the long term consequences you could have on those kids. And they were able to share and soak up bad content faster than a urinal cake at a port authority restroom. We're talking stuff that risked their lives with idiotic stunts, insane delusional rants that tell them there are 72 genders. Creeps that tell them anorexia is cool, obesity is a plus and body mutilation is a rebellion against patriarchy.Social media is the largest medical experiment in history, where we allow strangers to pump in a powerful, toxic drug right into kids vulnerable brains. It's not a fair fight for the parents or their brats. It's tough enough being a kid as it is, especially if they're slow and can't outrun my van. But social media makes it even tougher, and the developers are well aware that these apps are distracting and destructive in China where TikTok was created contents filtered so kids under 14 only see videos about patriotism, science and education and with a limit of 40 minutes per day. After that, get back to work kiddos, those Nikes won't stitch themselves.But today you have predators pretending to be activist bent on bending your kid into something unrecognizable. So stopping it isn't a crazy idea, right? We want to let kids be kids, that it's time for adults to act like adults, instead of shrugging, maybe protect them. Instead of burying our faces in our phones, we should take a look on what's out -- what's on theirs. So kudos to DeSantis for slamming on the brakes. After all 14-year- olds in Florida, they shouldn't be on TikTok. They should be on Cops where they belong. Streaming right now on Fox Nation.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. She's so sharp, she comes in a sheath. Host of "The Hoop Chat", Emily Austin. You've probably seen him sleeping on a highway rest stop. Comedian, Jim Florentine. She can ghost you by turning sideways. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. And his idea of fast food is eating a cheetah. New York Times bestselling author, comedian former NWA heavy weight champion, Tyrus.Emily, as the closest person to 14, I believe, if you were that age now, how would you feel about this?EMILY AUSTIN, HOST, "THE HOOP CHAT": So as a child who's addicted to social media, I'm all for this. But I can also attest that this is not actually going to prevent anyone from signing up because I'm pretty sure when I am totally incriminating myself. When I signed up for Instagram, I think I was in the fifth grade and it was totally not allowed but there was no verification.So if someone's actually going to reinsure for whatever means, like, once they sign up that they can attest that they are in fact of age, then this is great. But I knew that we were doomed when I was talking to some middle schoolers in Starbucks, and I was like, get off your phone, go play with Roly polies. And they were like, what's that? I was like, oh, my God, we're doomed. This is so bad.GUTFELD: What are you doing talking to middle schoolers at Starbucks? What are middle schoolers doing in Starbucks?TYRUS: You are stepping in his turf --AUSTIN: I incriminated myself twice.GUTFELD: How do you do it?AUSTIN: Take notes.GUTFELD: That's why I always have a clipboard. I always tell the parents I'm doing a survey. I'm can get anywhere with a clipboard, anywhere. Jim, including your house. I say I'm with the electric company. And I'm here to turn you on. Where am I? Jim, as somebody who probably has no social media, I've never seen you on social media. Maybe AOL instant message. Do you have any insight on this topic?JIM FLORENTINE, COMEDIAN: Yeah, well, I have a 13-year-old son so I think it's great.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: I support it because he's on Instagram. And what happens is his friends are out there when something he sees them their posts that he's like, oh, how come I'm not there?GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: You know, so he gets like do you deal with that later in life. You know he's already worrying that they don't like him. I'm like first of all you're not there because you don't have a car, OK, that's one reason. And so, that's the same thing like I don't like when I'm out I tell people don't take a picture where at some event because you're going to get someone in the comments, how come you didn't invite me because no one likes you.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: That's why we didn't invite you.GUTFELD: But you know what if he is on social media, then you got to interact with him?FLORENTINE: Yeah, that's fine.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: We follow each other.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: Nobody has it set up where it's private. So I'll let you go.GUTFELD: I mean, in person.FLORENTINE: Yes.GUTFELD: You -- do you talk to him face to face?FLORENTINE: Yeah.GUTFELD: OK. Just checking.FLORENTINE: Yeah.TYRUS: -- Greg.GUTFELD: I know but you never know. Maybe he has some kind of restraining order. It's Jim Florentine we're talking about.FLORENTINE: I don't think this thing goes far enough. I think they should ban any adult that posts a video of themselves doing a Facebook challenge.AUSTIN: Or any men who posts shirtless selfies. Let's ban that too.FLORENTINE: I better take that one down that.AUSTIN: Yeah.TYRUS: I'm out.GUTFELD: Kat, you look like a 14-year-old.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: 14-year-old boy. Yeah.GUTFELD: Boy, a 14-year-old boy. A 14-year-old male skateboarder?TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: Exactly. Yeah, exactly. How would you have handled this? Do you think this is good? Do you think it's too late? That's the question. Is it too late?TIMPF: OK, so -- so this doesn't work.GUTFELD: No.TIMPF: So first of all children that should not be on social media. No one should be based on a lot of the things I see online, your -- your grandfather shouldn't be on there, either.GUTFELD: That's true.TIMPF: But like Emily pointed out that there'll be some kind of verification, that would be even worse, because you compare it to beer or cigarettes, right. You have to like show your ID at a bar or show your ID to buy cigarettes. I don't want everyone to have to give their ID to big tech to have -- to have to have an Instagram account or a Facebook account, which would be the only way that you really could verify this.So my idea would be if you are really very concerned about your child being on social media, do not allow them to be on social media. Like have parents do it.GUTFELD: That's -- that's too hard.TIMPF: I know that it's so big now that the government people from both sides, they want the government to solve their problems. And the only difference is based on what you know what problems those are. But I have enough faith in the parents of Florida, that they can handle this themselves.GUTFELD: Have you seen --TIMPF: Yeah, and if you live in Florida, why would you even go on the internet? There's so much stuff there.GUTFELD: Yeah, that's true.TIMPF: I mean just walk outside.GUTFELD: Florida was the original internet.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: You could see naked people. Florida man was the original meme.AUSTIN: Yeah.GUTFELD: Tyrus, Kat makes an interesting point about the opposite end of the spectrum. It's the elderly who are really falling prey to social media scams. We both watch the beekeeper. We know the truth.TYRUS: But it's here's the thing. You made the joke in your monologue about you can't catch him in your van, right. Well, no one looks to the van anymore.GUTFELD: That's true.TYRUS: No one's worried about a van on the corner because we lock up, we don't let him go outside by themselves. You never have to worry about seeing a bunch of kids playing two hand touch football on the streets anymore. Baseball, stickball because you're made sure that the guy in the van doesn't have an opportunity. Well, he doesn't do that anymore. He doesn't need to get a van. He just needs to be a 13-year-old girl on social media. He could talk to whoever he wants to.Kat is right. Parents need to be parents, which means you have to put (BEEP) down.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: OK. That's what when they say kids need to do this need to -- I watched my daughter make an Apple account in 30 seconds. Her neighbors have my birthday. Congratulations. Welcome to Apple. Give me that.TIMPF: Yeah.TYRUS: So it was verified. OK. Catching my teenage son hopping on PornHub. Are you 18? Yep. OK, so that's the problem. I know you don't like the ID thing. But that's the only, the IDS is the only way to stop the pedophiles. It's not so much mom and dad and you need take personal responsibility. But you want to stop sex trafficking. You want to stop fentanyl pushing. You want to stop 00 you think these dealers and these pedophiles and these kid never they put no -- they pretend to be other things and our kids fall for it because mom and dad are also falling for it.It's never ending and here's the thing, Facebook is fine with it. Anyone who had like for those of us we all have been on TV where we have million fake accounts. OK, and why there's one account in particular where I'm getting letters all the time from elderly ladies, my base who are sending money to help me escape from my wife. It is a Copart they're emailing my social media to complain about fake me. And she runs social media.So they're talking about running off to me with me to her and if she could help them get a hold of me so we can run off. And then I got to hear about fake me.GUTFELD: All right, we got to move on. I just want everybody to take 10 seconds and remember what it was like before the internet. Like what you were doing. I -- it is incredible if you think about it, what were you doing before this and can you ever go back. I don't think we can. All right, that was a fun exercise. Now everybody removed their clothes. Up next, Liberal heads are spinning because Donald's winning.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Donald Trump's net worth jumps leaving haters down in the dumps. True, the orange meanie thwarts their extortion and adds even more to his fortune. Yep, his wealth skyrocketed to $6.4 billion after Truth Social went public on NASDAQ. It's a rapper. It should be, NASDAQ. He's now in the top 500 richest people in the world joining folks like Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and this guy.It's welcome news for the presumptive Republican presidential nominee who's also celebrating a major victory in New York where that outrageous $464 billion bond was reduced to $275 million, which he says it'll still be an honor to pay in cash once he gathers it from under the couch cushions at Mar-a-Lago. No doubt still a lot of money, but it means New York Attorney General Letitia James won't be able to unconstitutionally steal Trump's assets. After all, much to her dismay, we go to Tish for her reaction.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(inaudible)(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: What was that?AUSTIN: Oh, cute.GUTFELD: It was cute. Yesterday, Trump talked about his victory and a corrupted judge named Engoron. He ought to be looked at, seriously looked at. Especially what he did with valuations.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: A corrupt judge named Engoron to be looked at, seriously looked at specially what he did with valuation. See, he's the one -- he's a fraudulent valuator where he values Mar-a-Lago into $18 million. He made Mar-a-Lago into $18 million. I had many offers, they said, I'll give you $19 million. OK, you could take -- half of the living room is worth more than that.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Must be a hell of a living room. What if this is all Biden run things, you know, meaning Biden and his thugs?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This is all Biden run things, meaning Biden in his thugs, because I don't know if he knows he's alive. And it's a shame. This is all done by the Democrat Party. And it's all done by Biden and his group. I don't know if it's Biden, because I don't know if Biden is even sharpen enough. I don't know if Biden knows what's happening. He would want to know the truth. Maybe he does. He probably does. But this is all done by Biden and the thugs that work for Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yeah, the thugs. Exactly, right. Now majority 56 percent of general election voters believe Old Joe is actually trying to win by jailing Trump. I wonder what grandpa Joe's got to say about that?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOM SHILLUE ACTING LIKE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN: No, no, no. Look, I don't need him to go to jail. I just -- I just want him to go away. Why wouldn't he go away? I got -- I put those January 6 people in jail. He didn't go away. And then I got Letitia and Fani pack, what Willis there and he didn't go away. And Jack Smith. What? Whatever happened to Jack Smith? Where is that guy? Hey, Jack. Where are you man? Jack, is that even a real guy? Sounds fake, Jack Smith. Like Jack Sprat. He could eat no fat. His wife could eat no lean. Noleen. Noleen. I'm begging of you, take my man.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Jim, I still don't understand. OK, so they cut the money down at $145 billion or whatever. Who do you write the check to when there's no victims? If that -- if they would say he's going to write this check to NYC, that means that money is disappearing. Who was the victim? I don't get this.TYRUS: I was a victim.FLORENTINE: And he says -- he also says it's an honor. Who else would say that? It's an honor to pay $146 billion.GUTFELD: Yeah. Yeah.FLORENTINE: He said I'll pay it in cash if he has to.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: You know, he's going to show up with just cash, with pallets of cash.GUTFELD: Yes.FLORENTINE: That's what --GUTFELD: $145 million $1bills.FLORENTINE: And the rest in pennies.GUTFELD: Yes. Exactly. Exactly. He's got to do that. I think, Tyrus, you came up with that idea.TYRUS: Yeah. Oh, he doesn't he -- doesn't have a commercial right now, where he's on a $2 bill?GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: Like you got actual $2 bills. We'll be paying that.GUTFELD: Yes. 70, what is that, 80? Oh, stop it, Greg. You're embarrassing yourself. Tyrus, is this still backfiring on Democrats, more they do this?TYRUS: I feel like I'm watching just old movies where the villains just keep telling you what they're going to do and they lay out their plans and no matter how they do it, I don't think President Trump even does it on purpose. I don't even think he understands when he beats them. He's just beating them you know. They had that -- they're supposed to be walking through Trump Tower so they taking down wall treatments and --GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: -- Pulling off gold faucets and stuff. Like they had it all planned out. They're supposed to be a whole Liberal day to day like a parade coming out, taking all (BEEP).GUTFELD: Yeah, this was their --TYRUS: This was their day like this was and then he's just like, I got it. I'll pay in cash. It'll be an honor. You know -- they weren't hard they -- I feel bad. Like you have so much time and energy it went to taking him out. And he has the temerity, to just say to you, it's an honor to pay you. Just think about it, we've all done some hating in our life but you've gone out of your way to ruin somebody's day and they thank you for it.I need to reevaluate how I look at everything. I no longer fight back. I'm divorcing you and leave you. It'll be an honor. Thank you.GUTFELD: It's just like --TYRUS: And you completely own them.GUTFELD: This was supposed to be their good Friday on a Tuesday, and instead it was Trump Easter where he rose again. Wow, how did I do that? Kat, how did I do that? Is this kind of playing out like a movie?TIMPF: Well, I think that most things he do kind of -- does kind of, like have that vibe, because he's an entertainer.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: I feel like most people wouldn't take questions about this at all. I mean, Biden, he wouldn't do the Super Bowl interview, right.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: And Trump's like, I want to take hecklers on my, you know, ongoing legal situation.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: This is so that's why and look, obviously, nobody is going to be dissuaded from supporting him because of this very much the opposite because of what you said, which is that there's no victims. For this a lot of people don't read the ins and outs of different legal cases, because it's kind of boring. So when people look at legal cases, they look at stuff like the emotional side of who got hurt here and that kind of stuff makes good TV, that kind of stuff is interesting to people. People are affected by that. But there is no victim here.So there's really no other side of it, where people are going to kind of feel bad for that side, because they're not there.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: And the way that he just handles this with this attitude. That's why people like him so much.GUTFELD: Yeah. And, Emily, I mean, I think he's actually galvanizing support among people who wouldn't have voted for him because he's now the he's like the underdog who just keeps coming back.AUSTIN: Not only see I don't even consider him the underdog. I think he's just unintentionally, hysterically funny. Unintentionally, everything he says has like at least Gen Z cracking up by it. And also, I think people are really just sick of what you asked Tyrus. Earlier, the other side trying so hard to imprison him. You said 56 percent think that they are trying to put him in jail to when the remaining 44 percent must live under a rock because they are making it so obvious that that's what they're trying to do.And we're not copying movies, not like a movie. It is a movie. Have it -- has anyone watched the "Dictator" with Sacha Baron Cohen? OK. So do you know the scene where he, Aladeen is running in the Olympics and he shoots all his opponents and wins first place?GUTFELD: Yeah.AUSTIN: That's what this reminds me of.GUTFELD: There you go. All right. We shall move on.AUSTIN: Thank you.TYRUS: To be fair, though, those were victim crimes (inaudible) Just to be fair.FLORENTINE: It's at the point where like, Biden is going to come as like, nothing's work and I need some indictments. I was hanging out at the Puff Daddy parties.TYRUS: Yeah.FLORENTINE: I was at the White Party. I've been at all of them. Please bring me down.GUTFELD: All right, Biden's Doctor wife causes more strike.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five words -- Jill compares Florida to Nazis. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JILL BIDEN, U.S. FIRST LADY: A book ban, a court decision, a "don't say gay" law. Before World War II, I'm told, Berlin was the center of LGBTQ culture in Europe. One group of people loses their rights, and then another, and then another, until one morning you wake up and you no longer live in a democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I never knew that Germany was once the center for LGBTQ rights. I was -- where did she get that. All right, that was Jill Biden at the human rights campaign event, Tyrus, comparing Florida -- and she also said "Don't say gay" law, which, again, the media never bothers to fact check.TYRUS: Can anybody speak in that family at this point? Is there one that we don't --GUTFELD: Without seeing Hitler?TYRUS: You don't compare -- there's some things there's no comparison. The Nazi regime is one of them. There is no comparison. Some parents don't want books with adult content in their school is not what tipped off the Nazi regime in Germany. And if it did, there should have been some conversations -- before it gets to that point, like, if that's where we're going. You cannot have this book about fish in your school. Well, I'm going to kill you all. That seems a real stretch.GUTFELD: It does. I didn't see that coming.TYRUS: No one saw that coming. Hitler got mad over what?(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: We are laughing at how stupid. You don't compare that to anything because there's no comparison.GUTFELD: You know, Kat, I have a bizarre theory. Would you like to hear it?TIMPF: I don't have a choice.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: By comparing benign stuff to Hitler, it could have the reverse effect for people who don't know history. Well, maybe Hitler is not so bad. If this stuff is like, he didn't want to have explicit stuff in books for kids.TIMPF: Look, I have been very vocal about not liking a lot of Ron DeSantis legislation because I'm just such a First Amendment absolutist. However, I also don't think that World War III is going to pop off in Florida.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I don't know how you can say that. I don't how -- and I don't know why you say that, because it's so easy to say, oh, OK, now I'm not listening to anything else you have to say, because that is so absolutely absurd. And I don't know how it has become so common for people to compare things like that when every reasonable knows there is no comparison, that it's like, well, now it becomes very like, she's babbling on about something. I don't know anybody that watched that was like, she's right.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Find me one person. Find me one -- and she knew that. Not one person thinks that we're going to have a resurgence of Hitler in Florida.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I am willing to bet, Emily, that in that audience many people have second homes in Florida. And they were being like going, for one minute they hear this, but they're not selling their homes.AUSTIN: No, no way. So I have two thoughts on this. The first one is, as a Jew -- and by the way, I hate people who do that, "as a" whatever. I'm doing it right now. But as a Jew that's deeply insulting, because you cannot compare a bill that they grossly exaggerated and took out of context that protects kids to a regime that gassed them. That's A. That's insulting.B, let's clarify this "Don't say gay" bill for the idiots out there. They are trying to protect children from pornographic content. No one said you can't say the word "gay." In fact, there are gay rights all over the United States. So they are taking this out of context to promote their agenda -- shocker.But now, no parent or no grown adult, unless you are a pedophile, should be against parents wanting to know what their kids are learning in school.GUTFELD: If you don't support nine-year-olds reading porno in the library, Jim, does that make you a Nazi?FLORENTINE: First of all, who goes to the library anymore?(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: Nobody does.GUTFELD: That's a great point.FLORENTINE: Nobody does. Nobody's going to a library to go read a book like that. And it's only from kindergarten to third grade. That's what this bill is about. In fourth grade they can teach them that stuff. That's fair enough.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: And Jill Biden, she knows about morals with kids. She raised Hunter, but she knows.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: You know they paid $100,000 for that fundraiser to hear Joe Biden speak in California, it was $100,000 a plate. If I'm going to see Jill Biden on stage for $100,000, she better be playing drums --(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: That was $100,000 a plate for her to do that.GUTFELD: Yes, that's an expensive plate. It better have some lines of blow on it, says Hunter.TYRUS: At least a dirty magazine.GUTFELD: Yes. Coming up, why NBC talking heads were wetting their beds.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Our video of the day comes to us from MSNBC and NBC News where hosts lost their damn minds over their network's hiring of former RNC chair Ronna McDaniel as a paid contributor. Roll it, Steve.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHUCK TODD, NBC HOST: There's a reason why there's a lot of journalists at NBC News uncomfortable with this, because many of our professional dealings with the RNC over the last six years have been met with gaslighting.JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Our democracy is in danger because of the lies that people like Ronna McDaniel have pushed on this country.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Ronna McDaniel has been a major peddler of the big lie.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: I want to associate myself with all my colleagues both at MSNBC and at NBC News who have voiced loud and principled objections to our company putting on the payroll someone who hasn't just attacked us as journalists, but someone who is part of an ongoing project to get rid of our system of government.MIKA BRZEZINSKI, MSNBC HOST: It goes without saying that she will not be a guest on "Morning Joe," and we do hope that this decision will be reversed.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And so it was reversed by the frightened network bosses in just five days. Ronna was shown the door faster than someone who opened their door to a door-to-door door salesman.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Thank you. I think that joke went over well.(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: You get the Tony Robbins clap.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: Tony Robbins clap.GUTFELD: Thank you. I didn't know where that was going to go.They pretend it's about their values. Is that what it's really about?TIMPF: No. This is really actually disgusting and actually embarrassing. Wait until you hear that it's not just Ronna McDaniel who thinks the stuff that she thinks. It's because the only Republicans they come in contact with are the Liz Cheney types, who are like I call myself a Republican and I've made my whole career about how much I hate Trump.Why wouldn't you want to have someone like this on your air? Just FYI, she wasn't going to become all of NBC and all of MSNBC. She was just going to be able to be on the shows where you can then debate her, OK. And if you don't like her ideas, then debate her then.I think it's just gross and pathetic. But to act like you're heroic. You're not a hero. Get over yourself and maybe do something actually nice for another person. This is not it.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Jim, they all act like they were Jerry Maguires. I'm speaking up to the man, their bosses. What they were doing is they waited for the goateed weirdo to go first, and they all followed.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: I guess they should have hired someone with impeccable morals, maybe like a Matt Lauer at NBC.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: But meanwhile, they peddle lies for years -- Russia collusion, the Hunter Biden laptop. They were doing the same thing on the other side.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true, that's true, especially Russia collusion. Like Rachel probably did more on that than anybody. I should know because we did clips of it every night. Emily --FLORENTINE: And wait, the liberal media, you would think they would go, hey, there's an unemployed woman there. Let's give her a job. But no, not her.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.Emily, are you surprised they caved to their anchors? And how will they end up -- how will they be able to tell their anchors what to do from now on?AUSTIN: I know, it's really bad. I feel like both the network and then personally McDaniel lost so much credibility in this, because firstly, I don't understand the hire to begin with. I understood it if they would engage, like you just said, in debates constantly. But I don't think that's what the angle would have been. So now they look indecisive. They look unprofessional. It looks like the cave to all of their values.And then towards McDaniel, I don't understand her end of accepting it. You made your whole identity about being rightwing Republican, whether you like Trump or not. And now you're going to a network that goes against what you believe. So now you lost your credibility as a personality too, because this is not like trying out ice cream flavors where you could say, you know what, I'm not going to like this one, let me try something else, and there's nothing, expense there. This is your identity, this is your politics, and now you're like, well, the Republicans didn't like me so much so let me try the other side now. No, now you just lost all your credibility, in my opinion.GUTFELD: I think she might have been trying to look for a place, though, that would allow her to make an impact. If she just went to FOX she would've have been another FOX person. But she went to MSNBC, you know, it's like --TYRUS: Like Tyrus at FOX?GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: Believe it or not, I kind of stick out like a Thor -- sore thumb. Thor?GUTFELD: You stick --TYRUS: I do.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I'm going to be honest with you, Greg. I wasn't planning on going this route. Kat and I had our own protest that we were about to launch right now about the little guy sending the e-mails all the time and we didn't sign up for this, and integrity and our feelings were hurt, and if you could remove him now or this person now, it would be really great. Tell him, Kat. Tired of the jokes. Tell him, tell him. Get him, Kat, now is the chance. We've blown our window. Fine, I'll just answer it.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: This is what it was like to be black in the 50s. That's what it is right there.GUTFELD: There you go.TYRUS: Tyrus came into work. What it is man, excited to be here. Whoa, we can't this working here. It's different from us, talks different, looks different, we don't want this here. And they just went on national TV and did it. The reason she's quiet is because she can't talk right now because her phone is blowing up with lawyers going how much you want? She can probably make enough to pay Trump's bill if she wanted to.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: You're telling somebody, because you're different than me, you don't belong here. Open and shut.AUSTIN: But --TYRUS: Listen, I would rather -- if you would have told me, hey Tyrus, the only place that would give me a job is FOX. This is quick so I'm talking over. But if you would've told me, but listen, there is one spot in DNN that has for one guy to take the charge for the right, I'd go, because if you can make it there, you can make it anywhere.GUTFELD: Yes, I believe I said that about New York.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Up next, our storytelling skills will give you thrills.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Coast to coast with stories that matter most. You are watching local news, with Emmy-winning anchor Kellie Crystal Kelly, replacing Chet Van Jansen, who died.And now, here's Kellie.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Hi, I'm Kellie Crystal Kelly. This is local news where every guest shares a story from wherever they're from. Jim, why don't you go first?FLORENTINE: All right, mine is, this woman went for brain surgery, and they said, listen, we need you to keep talking or singing so we know we're not hitting different parts of the brain. So this woman went in saying Taylor Swift songs the whole time going to surgery, which is weird, because if the surgeon was a like heavy metalhead, and he has to hear that crappy pop songs, if that was me I would have ran and go listen to Metallica. I'd go, look, I've got to take a break. I've got to put "Master of Puppets" on.GUTFELD: Or you would've snipped the part of her brain so she wouldn't like the music anymore.FLORENTINE: Yes, and she said she sings 24 hours a day she sings Taylor Swift songs, this woman said.AUSTIN: Nice.FLORENTINE: That explains why she got a brain tumor.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Because her ears were too close to --TIMPF: Emily, go ahead.FLORENTINE: Wait, she also says that she'd love to sing on stage with Taylor Swift, she's so good at singing her songs. Because that's what she needs. She does an amazing three-hour show. That's what she needs, a housewife from New Jersey to come onstage and sing, because that's going to add to the show. That's what she's missing.TYRUS: I'd watch that.AUSTIN: On another note --FLORENTINE: But I'm glad she recovered.GUTFELD: I'm glad she recovered.AUSTIN: -- $28 million worth of weed was seized on a truck coming from California to Long Island, a truck full of oranges, and people were freaking out over it. But what they didn't know was it was only Snoop Dogg who was moving from California to Long Island. So rest assured, we're in good hands, guys.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: Wait, he likes oranges now?TIMPF: I was going to say.GUTFELD: That's racist.TYRUS: No, it's not.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: We are in the same tent.Tyrus, go ahead?TYRUS: Can I smack Greg for my story? No. I would have to smack everyone in here so they wouldn't tell on me.I have way more important things to talk about. Once again, the great state of Louisiana I live in is number one again. We are number one in places that just, everyone is unhappy. We are the most unhappiest place in the world. So in the last two stories, with the exception of my son's awesome homeruns, we're number one in -- we're number one in being miserable, unhappy, and not going to doctors' appointments. We did drop to number two in the murder capital. I'm a little upset about that. I've got to make some calls.AUSTIN: Who's number one?TYRUS: And we are number five in general cleanliness for a city. So we are just rolling the train of excellence in -- murder and not going to the doctor. But it's beautiful in the summertime.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Greg, go ahead.GUTFELD: I chose -- people don't realize this, but I lived in London for many years, three actually. So I decided to choose this English women's league soccer showdown. This was delayed because the teams -- this is so adorable -- the teams were wearing matching white socks. So they delayed the soccer game, the soccer match, because they wear matching socks. When girls play sports, it's so cute. Isn't it adorable when they get out there? They get out there, oh, we put on the wrong socks. So they had to delay the show for a half-an-hour.TIMPF: I wish I took you up on that earlier.TYRUS: I told you.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: They used tape to try to hide the Chelsea and Nike logos because the Arsenal's kit, this was the Arsenal versus Chelsea women's -- did I say women's soccer?TYRUS: Yes, you did.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Oh, my God. The thing is, this is a quote from the former England international, Karen Carney. She said it's a simple thing, but we got it wrong. People make mistakes, but the game does not need this, and it's frustrating. It doesn't look good for the game, Tyrus.TYRUS: No, especially if it's English Karens --TIMPF: There's few things you care about more than football in but England.GUTFELD: I know.TIMPF: Don't go away. We'll be right back.GUTFELD: That was amazing.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We are out of time. Thanks to Emily Austin, Jim Florentine, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld, and I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)