GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thanks to Dana Perino, Jamie Lissow, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld and I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, ANCHOR, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, Fox News embedding with the Texas military for an exclusive look at how they intend to protect the border. And it comes at a time when tens of thousands of Chinese nationals are crossing the southern border and then going off the grid. And it comes at a time when children are being smuggled across the border and then being used in child porn. Bill Melugin is live with information and answers about what is clearly becoming a heightened risk. Bill, good evening.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. The state of Texas is essentially doubling down on its fortifications in the El Paso area. This following those violent riots of illegal aliens overrunning Texas soldiers we saw there last month. Now, Fox News got an exclusive look as the Texas military department installed legions of new razor wire and fencing in that East El Paso area all in an effort to block and deter those illegal crossings.And new drone video shows just how extensive Texas' El Paso fortifications are becoming. Take a look. A line of razor wire and fencing seemingly as far as the eye can see as Texas continues to take unprecedented action at the state level to try and secure its own border. However, a Texas National Guard soldier has now been arrested and charged with smuggling and illegal alien then leading police on a pursuit in Kinney County.Texas Governor Greg Abbott tells Fox he considers that soldier a traitor and wants to see him behind bars for a long time.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): It makes me angry I consider this person to be a trader, a criminal to have a member of the National Guard be involved in assisting illegal immigration is reprehensible.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And internal CBP data obtained by Fox News reveals on Tuesday alone Border Patrol apprehended 182 Chinese nationals who crossed illegally in San Diego sector. You can see the numbers there over the years, more than 22,000 Chinese nationals have crossed illegally since October 1st.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE POMPEO, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: There is no chance, Lord that this is accidental that these folks are actually seeking asylum. The Chinese Communist Party has enormous control of who gets to leave their country. And so there's something afoot here when we now have more having come across the board in the last two years than the previous decade combined.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And trade some Republican lawmakers are now outraged after a federal prosecutors charged an illegal alien in Kentucky with -- listen to this, smuggling migrant juveniles into the country, falsely claiming to be their uncle and then producing child porn with one of them. He used a fake birth certificate and the Biden administration's HHS handed the minor right over to him under those false pretenses.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It's an awful story. Bill, thank you.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense department laughed out loud when it heard about New York City Mayor Eric Adams inviting Texas Governor Greg Abbott to visit New York. Mayor Adams says he wants Abbott to sleep in a migrant shelter so that "he can see what he has created." Common Sense just needs a minute to stop chuckling and wipe the tears from its eyes but it appears the mayor is saying the illegal immigrant chaos in -- over in New York City, the overrun of hotels and high schools, the organized crime gangs, the beating of cops, the squatting in homes, the revolving Rikers Island door and the draining of the city budget is the fault of Greg Abbott.President Biden opens the border allows millions of people to flood into Texas and Texas is supposed to what? Keep its mouth shut, buck up and accept them? Texas is not a sanctuary state. New York is. New York put out the illegal immigrant welcome mat and Texas obliged. Remember Texas is being invaded on the ground and the air. Biden flies thousands of illegals a week into Texas and calls it policy.When Abbott sends them north it's politics. Common Sense is tired of this case, the border crisis is Biden's fault. And Eric Adams needs to stop calling out Abbott and start calling Abbott and Costello because the mayor has come up with a very funny bit.Let's bring in Chicago resident Cata Truss along with former acting Homeland Security Secretary Chad Wolf. Thank you both for coming on here. Cata, to you first. I mean, for cities and states to blame the governors for what's happening at the border is disingenuous at that very fast. I mean, this is one of those things where we all know the border was open and the responsibility for closing it belongs to the federal government. Your thoughts.CATA TRUSS, CHICAGO RESIDENT: This is President Biden's fault. This lays at the foot of the President of the United States, of the current president of the United States. And as I previously stated, all it takes is an executive order. New York's mayor is blaming Governor Abbott. And so as Chicago's mayor. The difference between the two mayor is -- mayors is that -- the Chicago Mayor is still doubling down on saying that we have room.As a matter of fact, he recently said that it was economically beneficial to have migrants here in Chicago. So, make that make sense. On the heels of begging the federal government to step in and assist.GALLAGHER: Yes, you're exactly right.TRUSS: Make it make sense.GALLAGHER: I want to move on now if I can, because we talked about these Chinese nationals coming in, Chad Wolf, to you. And I want to put up up on the screen because the explosion here has been tremendous. Just look at fiscal year to date 2024. 22,233. So far, Chad, and nobody knows where they're going. They're off the grid. What do you make of this?CHAD WOLF, FORMER ACTING HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY: Well, it's extremely concerning, right? You have one of our largest adversaries to the United States, you have this type of illegal numbers of their foreign nationals coming into the United States being released into American communities. It's puzzling to me because something is going on here. This dramatic increase in Chinese nationals over a couple of fiscal years doesn't happen by chance.Now, what we can say during the Biden administration is all the numbers are up. So, all of the populations are seeing an increase. But the Chinese nationals over a 6,000 percent increase. Something is going on here. The CCP is aware of it. And they are likely behind this increased number of individuals coming.GALLAGHER: Because they're not showing up in shelters. I mean, they're not -- they're just kind of off the grid. And it is concerning. And a lot of people have weighed in saying, I just don't get it. You kind of telegraph this for us, Cata. But here's some sound of the mayor of your city, Chicago, Brandon Johnson, talking about the migrants.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRANDON JOHNSON (D) CHICAGO MAYOR: This is unprecedented, never in the history of America. A local body municipality has been asked to establish resettlement for migrants and immigrants. This is unprecedented. And although it's been challenging, I want to make this emphatically clear Chicago will never turn its back on people who wish to call the city of Chicago their home.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Chicago was already proven, Cata. It doesn't have the room or the resources.TRUSS: Well, the good thing about all of this is I attended my first Trump rally on Tuesday in Green Bay. And one of the first things that President Trump said was that he will sign an executive order to do away with sanctuary cities. And so that did my heart proud. And so, we have that to look forward to. Clearly this administration is not going to address the migrant crisis. We understand that.And so, that is why it is so important that we turn out the vote for President Trump in November.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: It is indeed. Yes. And very quickly, Chad to you. This whole idea of them smuggling young people children across the border and using them in child porn. It's the first I've heard of this. It is really troubling. I've got about 15 seconds for you.WOLF: Well, no doubt. These are the most vulnerable of our population. And the fact that over 500,000 of these children have been trafficked across the border in the last three -- little over three years is unconscionable. The Biden administration knows this and yet put little policies in place to stop it.GALLAGHER: Yes. And if this was the Trump administration, man, they would be protesting in the streets and screaming from the rooftops. Chad Wolf, Cata Truss. Thank you both. We'll call it the great debate debate. The mainstream media now melting down trying to figure out what to do about former President Trump relentlessly calling out President Biden to step up and debate.Chanley Painter is live with that story. Chandley, good evening.CHANLEY PAINTER, FOX NEWS OVERNIGHT ANCHOR: Good evening, Trace. We are just months away from the November 2024 presidential election. A full steam ahead rematch of the 2020 election. But whether or not we will actually see President Biden and former President Trump go head-to-head in a debate, that is still unknown. The presumptive Republican nominee has made it very clear though he is ready to get on that debate stage.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: You can see we have an empty podium right here to my right. You know what that is? That's for Joe Biden. I'm trying to get him to debate. I'm calling on crooked Joe to debate anytime, anyplace, we'll do it any way you want, Joe.PAINTER: Well, Trump hopes the empty podium visual bolsters his claim that Biden is afraid to meet him one on one. Mr. Biden had this to say back in March.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Will you commit to a debate with former President Trump?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It depends on his behavior.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAINTER: Now Trump supporters are accusing the media of setting the stage for Biden not to debate if he so chooses while criticizing Trump's campaign for being so eager now, after skipping the Republican primary debates this election but without clear answers from Biden's team, we now face a very real possibility that a presidential election could come to pass, Trace without a televised presidential debate this year.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Chanley Painter live for us in New York. Chandler Thank you. Let's bring in California GOP Chairwoman Jessica Millan Patterson along with Republican strategist and attorney Mehek Cooke. Thank you both for coming on it. Well, here's MSNBC logic. Let's put this up on the screen. Trump's preoccupation with debating Biden reaches a new level, Donald Trump is desperate to participate in presidential debates. Joe Biden would be justified in turning him down. Justified it how, Jessica.JESSICA MILLAN PATTERSON, CALIFORNIA GOP CHAIRWOMAN: The liberal media is certainly trying to give him a pass. But the balls on his course anytime, anyplace, is what the President said. It's pretty clear why he doesn't want it to bake right? What would he talk about? Our crisis at the border? Fight inflation and the economic crisis or school crisis? His disastrous foreign policy? There is nothing that this president can tout as a success. It's pretty clear why he doesn't want to debate.GALLAGHER: Yes. Mehek, I mean, it's a very good point. Because, you know, you really do when you debate, you want your strong suits to be up there. And that's what you kind of focus on. But when you've got a lot of baggage, it is really tough, especially when you're 81 and there's some question about, you know, your cognitive ability. It's tough to get up there and go toe to toe.MEHEK COOKE, ATTORNEY: You're right, Trace. And Biden is acting like a dictator. What do dictators do? They lock up their adversaries? And then they prohibit debate. That's exactly what Biden is doing through the use of mainstream media. And then through liberal days, they're trying to lock up President Trump. They're trying to stop this debate. And what do Americans want? Americans want the bedrock of democracy and that is debate.That's freedom of speech, that the ability for us to hear directly from Joe Biden, and he is preventing that. He is a direct threat to our democracy, Trace.GALLAGHER: Right. I mean, you know, they talked about oh, Trump didn't debate the primaries, he was up by 35 points. This one Trump was up, Biden would you would think need to debate. We talked about this in Common Sense. Eric Adams inviting Texas Governor Greg Abbott to sleep in a shelter. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D) NEW YORK CITY: I'm going to offer him a stay in one of the hooks, so he can see what he has created.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It's kind of embarrassing. I mean, it really is when you think you're blaming the governor of Texas for the migrant surge in New York. And there's no blame at all, for the President of the United States?PATTERSON: Governor Abbott has been on the front lines with National Guardsmen are helping out our border patrol agents. He hardly needs a lecture from Mayor Adams. He should be really talking to the Biden-Harris administration on this. There is a reason why blue cities like Chicago and New York are buckling under the pressure of this migrant crisis. It's because that administration has made every single state in our country, a border state.GALLAGHER: But it's an election year and they're also buckling under the pressure from the administration to get on board. Because, you know what, it's an election year. We can dispute this later. Lastly, kind of the breaking news here, Mehek that no labels will -- no labels party not going to run a third candidate. So, it looks like it's RFK. It looks like it's an RFK is really the big disrupter in this thing. What do you make of that decision and what do you make of this going forward?COOKE: Well, I don't think no Labels was going to have a sure thing or a strong candidate. I think RFK is going to be interesting, though. I've said this before he is truly going to disrupt Biden's base. Biden is hemorrhaging voters, his black voters, Hispanic, all his traditional hardworking Americans are now turning away from him. They may be looking at RFK, which is going to help President Trump or they're going to go towards droves to President Trump because he had the strongest economy.And we had the strongest border under the last four years, the Trump administration. So, this is truly a great decision. No Labels needs to go away. We have a two-party system and that's how we're going to succeed in America today.GALLAGHER: Mehek Cooke, Jessica Millan Patterson. Thank you both. In the wake of this week's deadly airstrike that killed seven aid workers in Gaza, President Biden is now pushing the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu toward a ceasefire with Hamas even warning the Israeli prime minister of a potential U.S. policy change.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke live for us in Washington with those details. Kevin, good eveningKEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. The President is pushing Bibi Netanyahu to take "concrete steps to minimize civilian casualties in Gaza" and a call between the leaders today. He made that plea and he also urged his counterpart to agree to -- wait for it and immediate ceasefire deal with Hamas. In fact, Biden went so far as to link continued U.S. support for Israel to Bibi's willingness to take measurable steps to reduce civilian casualties after a group of aid workers were killed in an Israeli airstrike while delivering food and Gaza on Monday.So, the question tonight is, are we talking about a real change in U.S. policy or not? Apparently, that depends upon who you ask.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: You're a policymaker and you're talking about policy changes. That is not what you were talking about on October 7th.JOHN KIRBY, U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: Because --(CROSSTALK)DOOCY: -- solid and unwavering.KIRBY: On October 7th, there wasn't near famine in Gaza. And what the President's message today was, we need to see some changes in the way Israel is dealing with that threat.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: For its part, Hamas is holding firm and its demands for permanent ceasefire, and that would include a complete Israeli withdrawal from Gaza. Trace?GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in a former member of Israel Special Operations counter terrorist unit, Aaron Cohen. And the founder of Lest People Forget, Elizabeth Pipko. Thank you both for coming on. A little bit more if I can, Aaron, of John Kirby today in the back and forth with Peter Doocy. Watch this. It's fascinating.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: President Biden said, my administration's support for Israel's security is rock solid and unwavering. That is not true anymore, correct?KIRBY: No, it is true. Still true today.DOOCY: How is this support unwavering but you're also reconsidering policy choices?KIRBY: Both can be true.DOOCY: They cannot be true. They're completely different things.KIRBY: No. He made it clear to the prime minister in his call that our support for Israel's self-defense remains ironclad.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It's not ironclad, Aaron. They're moving further and further toward the left. You see it, you have a vested interest in this. It is not ironclad.AARON COHEN, IDF SPECIAL OPERATIONS VETERAN: Trace, I'm going to give you another expression in Hebrew regarding Biden's position right now with this waffling and in Hebrew we say (INAUDIBLE) which means he has lost his mind. I don't know how else to say it. I can give it to an Arabic and in Farsi as well. But just looking at Kirby's body language based on my tradecraft, I can tell you that he is being dishonest.But never mind that. You cannot protect the State of Israel without dismantling the four final battalions. The U.S. is waffling. They're changing their stance and is it for 100,000 votes in Michigan, I don't understand it. It's completely mindless.GALLAGHER: And I don't understand. And nobody's explained to me what happens next. If they stop fighting now, what happens to Hamas? Do they take over the West Bank? Do they take over Gaza again? Of course, they do. And then you've got threats on more sites. It's just baffling the whole thing. The scary part about this, Elizabeth Pipko is that all of these anti-Semitic pro-Palestinian protests are having a significant impact on the shift of this administration. They're out there. They're boisterous. And it seems to be working sadly.ELIZABETH PIPKO, FOUNDER, LEST PEOPLE FORGET: It does. And it's more than sad. Yes. And what people are forgetting to mention, especially at these protests is that Hamas actually rejected multiple deals for a ceasefire over the last few months. It is not that Israel has not tried to come to the table and make some kind of a deal here. But they're also not paying attention to, is the risk that we all face.If Israel is pushing for some kind of idea which could derail their goal of eliminating Hamas for good. There's the risks that we all face that Hamas poses to all of us but also the risk of having to realize that the last six months of pain of bloodshed and sacrifice will be completely in vain.GALLAGHER: Yes, you're right. The headline reads as following here, are you ready for this? The headline is Biden administration considers not calling terrorists terrorists if they stop shooting rockets at ships. It's all forgiven. Instead of holding them accountable. Iran is behind these groups. They want to stop calling them bad names, if they'll just do the right thing and all will be well and forgotten, Aaron.COHEN: Trace, again, I'm going to say one more time (INAUDIBLE) he is losing his mind. This might be an actual physical thing. I'm not sure what's going on. But look, Israel, the United States with the Houthis, you don't have to have served in a unit and dressed up and gone on to cover to understand. The key to counterterrorism is prevention. The moment you start to negotiate with terrorists, which I believe is illegal, I believe the United States and other Western countries set a long-standing hard rule, we do not negotiate with terrorists.So, I don't understand why it's happening. I don't see the benefit of it. And the fact is, unless you begin to get -- continued to be very tough with the Houthi and continue their classifications and terror organization they will continue to take advantage of your prevention layer is gone.GALLAGHER: And Elizabeth, how long? I mean, you know, you've seen the administration go left. How long before suddenly people in the administration are calling Israel the terrorists and everybody else is righteous now? Your final thoughts on this.PIPKO: Yes. We've seen the shift start already. It's terrifying. I think it's also important for this administration to realize Americans are at a point they probably haven't been in, in a very long time. When you look at what's happening over in Ukraine, you see what's happening in Gaza. Now we're seeing this strange shift when it comes to a previously designated terrorist group. It's a weird flip flop that I don't think many Americans expected.And I think Americans don't feel safe, they're confused. They're concerned. They don't know whether they can trust that administration, regardless of how they feel about October 7th. And I think it's something this administration is going to have to answer for not just in November, but over the course of next few months, because so many Americans don't know what this world, what the country could look like. And tomorrow, we all wake up.GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, we have heard every president in my lifetime and maybe yours, Aaron, who has said we do not negotiate with terrorists. And here we are. Thank you, Aaron. Elizabeth, I appreciate your time.Coming up. Why so many millennials are fleeing blue states for redder pastures? And chaos erupts at a town hall meeting in Dolton, Illinois, over its scandal ridden mayor. A local resident who was there in this crowd joins us live next.And later in The Nightcap. Left behind. Cruise ship passengers stranded on an African island after their ship left port without them. Some without their belongings including money and medicine. They missed the all aboard call after a private tour ran late. And it caused a furious debate. Now are the cruise ships ever justified in just leaving passengers behind? Why? Why not? Let us know, X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses in the Nightcap.8:21 here on the west coast. The FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America live look. Glendale, Arizona where the NCAA Men's Basketball Final Four will take place this weekend.Joplin, Missouri. The locals referred to the town as Jomo. And finally alive look at Leonardtown, Maryland. Home to the annual oyster. Shucking contest. If you can't join us live, DVR us. We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, she calls herself super mayor. Her residents in Dolton, Illinois call her the worst mayor in America. Tiffany Henyard is accused of massive corruption and ethical issues and she is taking extraordinary steps to stay in power. Here's the senior correspondent Mike Tobin.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm here at the White House.MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Pictured here with President Biden Tiffany Henyard calls herself the super mayor. With her image on posters all over town critics call her the Dolton dictator. And accused her of embezzling public money, taking lavish trips on the public's dime, pulling police officers from patrols for her security detail and retaliating against an employee who claims sexual harassment.Now even more outrage after Henyard locked most of the public out of a village hall meeting on Monday.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is egregious.TOBIN: The meeting came after Henyard vetoed a resolution asking agencies like the FBI to investigate her use of public funds.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: For her to lock us out is deplorable.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why can't we have transparency what's going on with our tax dollars.TOBIN: In a town where boarded up homes and store stand on nearly every block. The median income is less than $55,000. Its mayor earns more than five times that. The Illinois Policy Institute says Henyard earns $224,000 as supervisor of the township, then $49,000 as mayor of Dolton. So, her combined income is greater than 49 of 50 governors, including Illinois Governor J.B. Pritzker.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: She's scary. She's absolutely scary.TOBIN: The doors to village hall are locked now even during business hours. So, we're looking to do something like get a city sticker or a permit needs to wait in the vestibule until a security guard lets them in. Only then they can approach the window and do business with the village. Trace, back to you.GALLAGHER: Mike, thank you. Let's bring in Dolton resident Mary Event who was at the town hall along with criminal defense attorney and federal litigator Vic Bajaj. Mary, thank you for coming on the show. A lot of your residents, a lot of your neighbors think that this mayor is America's worst mayor. Would you agree and why or why not?MARY AVENT, DOLTON, ILLINOIS RESIDENT: Absolutely, I do. She is violating all the ordinances, all the resolutions. She's violating our First Amendment. She is the epitome of a dictator, and she needs to go.GALLAGHER: Yes, and I wonder, Mary, if you think there's a mechanism in place to make sure that she does go.AVENT: I'm suspect to that right now. I've spoken personally to people from the Attorney General's office, from the FBI, and I understand things move slow. But we've got our higher-ups, our governor, our attorney general, even the attorney that you see sitting there with her, no one, absolutely no one has come to our aid. Not even a phone call.GALLAGHER: Which is why we have an attorney sitting right next to us as well, Vik Bajaj. The mayor vetoed a vote to investigate her corrupt campaign. The town must have a legal remedy here, Vik.VIK BAJAJ, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY AND FEDERAL LITIGATOR: Well, the town does, and my heart and soul go out to her. I mean, she's a resident of the city, and she doesn't know where her money is going, but she sees it being used by someone that should be serving the community. The parallels with this case are eerily familiar to around 2004 to 2013. Neighboring state of Michigan, Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick, same sort of thing. The same concerns we have voiced here today, but the most damning concerns I've heard and read about so far are dialogues with residents and business owners saying, we are not gaining the renewal of our business licenses because we're not paying the bribe. And that's when the feds get involved. So, rest assured, the feds are looking at this and we also have reports there's over a dozen people interviewed in furtherance of this investigation.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's unbelievable. Mary, you know, lastly to you, I just want to know, does she have any support? Is there a major group of supporters or is this town like done and ready to move on?AVENT: She does not have a set group of major supporters. She has the people that were willing to pay to play. But the majority of us, such as myself, a 26-year homeowner, we are here for the fight.GALLAGHER: Yes, the fight is going to go on. Mary Avent, you look and sound like a strong woman and we will check back in to see how this goes. I got Vik Bajaj here. I want to give a couple of quick topics to you Vik, because this popular rooftop restaurant in Los Angeles adding a 4.5 security fee. Perch L.A., the quote says, "is charging a 4.5 percent security fee on its Web site." They say, "The fee helps protect team members and guests and the money goes directly to security costs." They keep hitting us with fees, Vik. Can they do that?BAJAJ: They can until they can't. And ironically, we may see the California Attorney General's office start an investigation on what we call junk fees. Consumer protection. Some of our viewers may remember when Spirit Airlines came to be and it was a $49.00 flight, but then there was $29.00 for the first bag, $39.00 for the second bag. So, then you were more than, let's say, for instance, the competitors. You can't do it. It's illegal. If there's not truth in advertising, that may be the linchpin in this case.GALLAGHER: I've got to go, but I have to show the house. This is the trash house in L.A. Everybody in the country needs to see this. This is L.A. This is the guy who won't clean up his house in Los Angeles next to, by the way, some really expensive homes. The resident says this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm thinking of every scary movie I've ever watched, but to think of the rats and stuff is, I actually don't want to imagine what's in the trash. I've tried not to imagine what, like, the details of that, but that's pretty wild.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I've only got 10 seconds for you, Vik. Do they have recourse against the trash house?BAJAJ: Well, the police department was there taking care of this crime, and yes, it's a crime. It's a nuisance because others cannot enjoy their neighborhood and their life. It's refreshing to see that that law can actually be enforced.GALLAGHER: Vik Bajaj, great to see you as always. Now, let's talk about how extremism is on the ballot in November with the author of Domestic Extremist, Peachy Keenan. Peachy, it's great to have you on. Listen, you're lucky you're not talking about the trash house with you. I know you'd like to weigh in on the trash house. It's not in your neighborhood. So, you're like, well, let's not talk to Peachy about that, right? So, we'll move on. We'll talk about the American mind. You wrote this on the American mind. Extremism on the ballot, "Joe Biden's Easter sacrilege was only the latest travesty that proves what you and I already know, which is that the 2024 presidential election is a contest between common sense centrism and dangerously radical extremism. I mean, you say later in this article, the extremists are pretty much replacing everything that is not nailed down.PEACY KEENAN, AUTHOR: Right, including American voters, with the newcomers. In the piece I just try to make the case that you know Donald Trump, like him or hate him, if you really want to return to sort of normal times, things that were kind of common sense, everyone agreed on both sides of the aisle, we need a border, we like low taxes, low inflation, there's only one guy to vote for.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is kind of amazing because you go back and you think, wow, this really was kind of like Americana, right? So, here's three headlines. Fox Business writes this, "Millennials moved to red states like Texas and Montana, fleeing blue New York, California in 2023." Fox Business, "New York, California, Massachusetts, Illinois saw the highest negative migration rate." And then you write on Substack, "My chadson with, dare I say, pretty excellent stats was rejected from USC, UCLA and Berkeley. But jokes on you, California -- he's just not that into you anymore." Listen, maybe California is not the best place to go to school. We've seen what happened. We're going to talk to Riley Gaines, who spoke at Berkeley tonight. She got roughed up at University of San Francisco last year, so your son might go elsewhere.KEENAN: Yes, I think he might join all those millennial hordes and head to Texas. And I mean, you know, God bless him. I want grandchildren one day, and that's where the girls still know what gender they are.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's crazy because you know you think when these young people, when you talk about housing and you talk about how you're going from blue states to red states, it's not just the grandkids which you know, Peachy, you're going to get someday because you've got --KEENAN: Better.GALLAGHER: There are children in that household. You wonder, if, if there's going to be a groundswell of this. If you can't buy a house and you can't, you know you can't find your life, you can't find your traction in California, you go elsewhere, right?KEENAN: Yes, I mean I think if my husband and I were a little younger, we would have probably already made the move long ago. I think if you're younger than us, you cannot start your life here. And I don't see any of my children ever being able to live in the places where I grew up, in West LA. I mean, there's just no way, unless you strike it rich.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean we have the same problem. We have two daughters, and that's the same thing. You look around and like, what do we do? And you know we should also point out that your son had a 4.2 GPA and got like 1420 on the SATKEENAN: He did, and he's a powerlifting champion and that was just a no-go.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean listen, I got I had 1600 yes -- no, I'm kidding. Are you kidding me? Your kid smoked me in the SAT.KEENAN: Me too, and those schools were considered sort of safeties if you're rooting going for the Ivy League, but now no one can get in.GALLAGHER: Nobody can get it anywhere. Yes, it's crazy. Peachy, thank you. Vik, good to see you as well. Coming up, almost exactly one year ago, swimming champion Riley Gaines was ambushed at San Francisco State during a speech on protecting women's sports. Forced to barricade herself inside a classroom. Tonight, she is hosting an event at Cal Berkeley. How did that go? She will join us live. In fact, she's just getting off stage. She will join us live after the break to tell us how it went.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Women's sport activist, Riley Gaines, hosted an event at Cal Berkeley tonight, almost exactly one year after she was ambushed by a mob of protesters at nearby San Francisco State. So, how did it go tonight. Let's bring in the host of OutKick's "Gaines for Girls" podcast, Riley Gaines; and Turning Point USA Berkeley Chapter President Aidan White. Thank you both for coming on. We just showed the video, Riley, if you didn't see it, of last year, you got punched at the University of San Francisco. How was it tonight? Were you reticent to go back tonight, Riley? And how was the reception?RILEY GAINES, "GAINES FOR GIRLS" PODCAST HOST: I was thrilled to be back here (INAUDIBLE), not because I'm looking for controversy or trying to create some sort of hostile environment, but ultimately because this is where the message needs to be spread, it needs to be heard. And honestly, what I think is people here in San Francisco are desperate to hear the message because they're being denied it in places like their academic institutions. So, speaking here at Calvert, I had a wonderful reception. It was a wonderful crowd. The law enforcement here was a stark contrast to the law enforcement at San Francisco State University. They kept me safe. It was a wonderful event and of course very well received.GALLAGHER: Yes, and Aidan, you kind of set up this event. How are you bringing conservative speakers to liberal campuses? What's the fallout been?AIDAN WHITE, TURNING POINT USA BERKELEY CHAPTER PRESIDENT: You know, surprisingly, Trace, we've received far more support than the fact that we speak. Very helpful. All sorts of conservative individuals, young and old, coming up to us while we're out tabling, promoting the event. And only really minor putbacks, especially from the more radicalized students. But overall, just good conversation.GALLAGHER: Yes. I just, Riley, I want to, you know, your microphone, we're kind of cutting in and out. I want to talk about you spreading the message because it's been very important to you that you, you know, you have this message that women need to play sports and compete fairly, and I want to know if that resonated tonight at Berkeley.GAINES: It absolutely resonated. As Aidan said, we had students here, we had community members here, we had female athletes who are in high school who have been adversely affected by this movement who were here. It was amazing. There's a Q&A portion at the end. I had young athletes from the area come up and say, hey, I want to compete on the same level you did, but I already have to face this. What do I do? I have parents who are here. I have women who have been impacted by the prison facilities here in California, allowing men into these all-women correctional institutions who work here and support. So again, it was incredibly well received.GALLAGHER: Yes, I love it. We got Peachy Keenan who wanted to ask you a question. She's standing by, Peachy.KEENAN: Yes, my son just finished applying to U.C. Berkeley, and a lot of parents I know are a little bit hesitant to send their kids up to Berkeley, especially if they're conservatives. So, you guys, would you send your son or your daughter to Berkeley right now?GAINES: No. I would not.KEENAN: Well, then I'm glad he didn't get in. Your city of San Diego, coming from Nashville, Tennessee, which is like a dream to me being in Nashville. I was born and raised here. I love it. I'm never leaving. Coming from Nashville to San Francisco, you see needles on the ground.You see people who are bent over like zombies, who are ridden, of course, with fentanyl. You have homeless people walking the streets, homeless camps everywhere. So, merely for the fact you would have to live in San Francisco for getting penetration in the university, no way. I would not send my kid to Cal Berkeley.GALLAGHER: Yes, crazy amazing. Aidan, thank you. Riley Gaines, thank you. Peachy, thank you. Up next, cruise ship passengers left behind on an African island for missing their all-aboard call. Can the ship do that? Should the ship do that?And why or why not? Let us know, X, in Instagram at Trace Gallagher. But first, on Fox and Friends tomorrow, one-on-one with Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson talking what's next in his career and his return to wrestling. DVR the show if you cannot watch it live. We're coming right back with the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Chanley Painter, Bill Melugin, Peachy Keenan, Vik Bajaj, and Mehek Cooke. Tonight's topic, left behind. The fire debate sparked online after a cruise ship left passengers stranded on an African island for failing to board on time after their private tour ran late. Some passengers were left without possessions, including medication, forcing them to travel traveled 200,000 -- no, not that far, 2,000 miles by plane, ferry, and then car to the next port. So, are cruise ships justified in leaving people behind? Why or why not? Chanley Painter, what do you think?PAINTER: Well, I'm not taking that cruise line, Trace. What an unfortunate circumstance. I don't think in this situation that they were justified. We had a woman who was pregnant, a couple of elderly people, a part of the eight that were left behind and the ship was still close by and the guard took them out to the ship. They wouldn't take them. So, it doesn't look good for the cruise ship for me.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean that's the whole thing. They really wouldn't take them. It's like, hey, can you take them? Nope, we're not taking them. They've got to go swim back to shore. Peachy?KEENAN: The funny thing for me is that they actually went back on the boat after this. They traveled 2,000 miles to get back on the boat that ditched them. I mean, I think this is your karmic punishment for taking a cruise? I have never and I will never.GALLAGHER: No. Vik Bajaj.BAJAJ: Well, no pun intended, I'm in the same boat as you. I don't know, that's just, that's anxiety. You're on vacation and you need to make another deadline. That's just one concern I'd rather not have when I'm on a break.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean I think there should be a 15-minute leeway where you say, listen, here's the deal, you tell the passengers we're going to wait 15 minutes. They're having a cocktail at a (INAUDIBLE) care. Bill Melugin, what are your thoughts on this?MELUGIN: I'll be the bad guy here.GALLAGHER: Oh, OK.MELUGIN: I have zero sympathy. Don't schedule a private tour within range of when your boat's going to leave then. I mean, I don't care if they're pregnant, they're old, whatever. Everyone else on the ship is supposed to wait for them because they wanted to go on a tour. Are we supposed to start holding up flights now because people were stuck in traffic? I mean, where do you draw the line?GALLAGHER: Bill Melugin is mean. Kevin Corke.CORKE: I vote for Bill. Yes. Look, if you can't, 15-minute grace, I'm with you, Trace, on that. But after 15 or 20 minutes, if you're not there, good luck.GALLAGHER: Yes. The other lawyer on the panel, Mehek Cooke, what do you think? Well, we have three lawyers.COOKE: I'm with Bill, too. I think you snooze; you lose. You have to have some type of personal responsibility, and the cruise lines are bringing it back.GALLAGHER: Yes, I hear you. Listen, I went on a cruise to like some I'm not even going to name the cruise ship. When we got to Cabo and everybody else getting back on, I'm like, not me. I'm staying right here. I'm done cruising. Take my stuff, throw it overboard. I'm done cruising.Poll, are cruise ships justified in leaving passengers behind if they miss the all aboard call? Yes, 71 percent. Instagram, yes, 64 percent. That's kind of the bottom line there.Michael says, "I say yes because the passengers knew what time they had to re-board." But it wasn't their fault. The tour was late, so they had to be late. They didn't really have a choice.Ginny says, "No, if the gate is down, allow them to board. If they take a boat out to the ship, maybe you should allow them to board." They did.Denise, "I mean, I wouldn't want it done to me, but there have got to be some rules." Right? Well, OK? Yes.And Sandee says, "Yes, that's the rules. Thousands shouldn't have to wait for a few." That's Bill Melugin. This is by -- that was Bill's sister, Sandee.MELUGIN: That was my (INAUDIBLE) account.GALLAGHER: Kat says, "The crew should have the courtesy to account for all of their passengers and crew."And Debbie says, "Airplanes will leave without you, so should cruise ships." That's a fair assessment. You know, your airplane isn't waiting for you at all.Thank you all. Everybody got it. All right. Everybody no -- raise hands. Thank you all for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher. See you tomorrow.