HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: His little sister is helping him out. Nice shot there, kid.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's easy.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's pretty good, Judge?(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: Yes, I will.PERINO: Judge, you got -- you got one?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: I got six seconds, can't do it.PERINO: All right. I've done it. Just kidding.All right. That's it for us. Have a great night, everyone. See you tomorrow.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, Dana, I'm really looking forward to the cage match between "THE FIVE" and "The View".PERINO: Yes, set your DVRs.BAIER: OK, I will, all right. Thank you.PERINO: Bye.BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, the U.S. State Department says the number of Americans looking to leave Haiti is approaching 1,000 now as violent gangs increase their chokehold on the country.The U.S. evacuated dozens of Americans from the Haitian capital over the weekend days after saying they had no active plans to help remove Americans from that country.We have Fox team coverage tonight, Correspondent Bryan Llenas is in the Dominican Republic where officials are preparing for a major surge in Haitian migrants. But we begin with Correspondent Gillian Turner live at the State Department with the latest. Good evening, Gillian.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Bret. An about face from the State Department today. Officials here are now working to try and get more Americans out of Haiti. They also say that nearly a thousand Americans now have contacted the department about getting out, a dramatic uptick from just a few hundred people last week.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)VEDANT PATEL, STATE DEPARTMENT DEPUTY SPOKESPERSON: This is a fluid situation. And then, the number of individuals who have reached out to us through the crisis intake form is approaching a thousand. And we're continuing to monitor the situation closely and evaluate the demand of U.S. citizens.TURNER (voice over): The State Department also evacuating 30 plus Americans via charter flight to Miami after insisting just days prior there were no plans to rescue Americans.PATEL: There's active planning for that, the security circumstances on the ground, as well as the feasibility of commercial options made it such that we thought it was in the interest of the American citizens.TURNER (voice over): The Biden administration says it hopes to rescue more Americans still over the coming days.JAKE SULLIVAN, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: There's active planning for that, there's an active analysis of the risks of doing so.TURNER (voice over): An American parents of Haitian adopted children now say they have been separated during Haiti's collapse, and that the State Department has been unhelpful.AMBER BACHELIER, ADOPTIVE MOTHER: Even in times like this, when they're saying U.S. citizens, you should leave. We can't because we can't take our kids.MISSY TENNANT, ADOPTIVE MOTHER: The planes are coming to rescue some Americans but they're not rescuing our legally adopted children.(END VIDEOTAPE)TURNER (on camera): Well, State Department officials tell us they are indeed concerned about American parents being separated from their Haitian adopted children and tomorrow, they are speaking with an even meeting with adoption agencies to try and make some progress on this very important issue, Bret.BAIER: We're following the story. Gillian, thank you.Violence is forcing Haitians to head east to the Dominican Republic as concerns grow in the United States over the possibility of a mass migration of refugees. Correspondent Bryan Llenas shows us from the D.R.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Tonight in Port- au-Prince, Haiti, at least a dozen people killed by gangs in violent attacks into upscale neighborhoods.UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): This is too much abuse. People of Haiti wake up.LLENAS (voice over): Gangs control 80 percent of Haiti's capital city where violence is met with rising looting, including critical lifesaving UNICEF humanitarian aid for children. More than five million Haitians are in need of aid for face famine.The U.S. is spearheading a transnational council to begin a new government after Prime Minister Ariel Henry promised to resign, a key demand of the gang leaders.At the main border crossing between Haiti and the Dominican Republic, 20,000 Haitians legally cross into the D.R. to sell goods and buy ice, food, clothes, necessities they simply cannot find back home.ISOLAINE GEORGE (through translator): I don't have a house. I live in a room with six children against rape, kill and kidnap children.LLENAS (voice over): There are growing concerns about a new Haitian migrant exodus. Over the last two years, the Dominican Republic has built a 12-foot tall border wall equipped with drones, cameras and watchtowers to protect the D.R. from gangs and crime.In the Dajabon region of the Dominican Republic, the 15 miles of border wall has reduced the theft of livestock, motorcycles and vehicles by 80 percent according to the president of Dominican Republic, so far, about a hundred miles has been completed. And the goal is to have a wall run throughout the entire border with Haiti.MORLIN FABIAN TOLENTINO, SPECIALIZED BORDER SECURITY UNIT (through translator): The physical wall is already doing its job and from a security standpoint, it is helping us a lot.LLENAS (voice over): Dominicans continue to deport illegal Haitians by the truckload, an effort they say to maintain law and order.(END VIDEOTAPE)LLENAS (on camera): The market has closed for the day and Haitians are now crossing the border back home. Many Haitians we spoke to say they support an international police force led by Kenya to go in and fight those gangs. Kenya says that it's ready to lead that force once a new government is in place, Bret.BAIER: Bryan Llenas live in Dominican Republic. Bryan, thank you.President Biden and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke today, their first interaction in more than a month as the divide grows between allies over the humanitarian crisis in Gaza and the conduct of the war. White House Correspondent Peter Doocy has the latest on that story live from the North Lawn. Good evening, PeterPETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The Israelis are going to send a delegation here to Washington in coming days to hear Biden administration officials out about the perils of a ground operation in a part of the Gaza Strip, where there are now more than one million displaced Palestinians.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (voice over): President Biden and Benjamin Netanyahu had a call today that officials described as business like.SULLIVAN: President didn't make threats.DOOCY (voice over): But he did stress Israel must not begin a ground invasion of Rafah until a thorough humanitarian plan is in place.SULLIVAN: Anytime I hear an argument that says if you don't smash into Rafah you can't defeat Hamas. I say that is a straw man.DOOCY (voice over): Republican critics believe President Biden maybe privately aligned with Chuck Schumer's call to oust Netanyahu.SEN. JOHN BARRASSO (R-WY): I think that we have a president who didn't have the guts to do it himself. So, we had his water boy Chuck Schumer give that speech.DOOCY (voice over): White House officials were asked today if Netanyahu brought Schumer's speech up.SULLIVAN: The prime minister did raise his concerns about a variety of things that have come out in the American press.DOOCY (voice over): President Biden was recently presented with polls, according to NBC News, showing that his handling of the Israel Hamas war is costing him support in swing states. And upon seeing these polls, "He began to shout and swear."DOOCY: When he does that, is he shouting and swearing about Netanyahu or about Hamas, or about his poll numbers?SULLIVAN: This is the, when did you stop beating your spouse question because I don't think he ever did that. And so, well, you use that as the premise of your question, which is when he does that, he -- I've never seen him do that, shout or swear in response to that. So, from my perspective, that particular report is not correct.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): The rest of this week, President Biden is going to be raising money for his campaign with events in Nevada, Arizona and Texas and campaign officials are telling us they think Donald Trump's agenda has created enough of a divide among traditional Republicans that it gives their side the Democrats an opening in the southwest, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.Stocks are up today led by technology as artificial intelligence enthusiasm offsets jitters ahead of tomorrow's Fed meeting. The Dow gained 76, the S&P 500 added 32, the NASDAQ was up 130.Attorneys for former President Donald Trump say he is currently unable to get a bond from an insurance company to help cover the nearly half billion dollar judgment against him in his New York business fraud case. The former president is also defending himself over comments he made about a bloodbath if he loses the election. Remarks now even some of his critics are saying we're taken out of context.Senior Correspondent Eric Shawn is in New York with that story.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ERIC SHAWN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): He does not have the money. Former President Donald Trump cannot come up with enough to secure a $464 million bond needed to satisfy his real estate fraud civil case. Trump's lawyers say they have asked 30 insurance companies to back the bond. But no insurance firm will take the risk.If Trump cannot come up with the cash in seven days, New York Attorney General Letitia James who brought the case can legally start seizing and selling Trump's assets unless he is granted a stay until his appeals are exhausted.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, thank you very much.SHAWN (voice over): This comes as Trump came under fire for saying at a rally Saturday that there will be a "bloodbath" in the country if he is not elected. Critics claim he was inciting violence.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): He's even predicting a bloodbath. What does that mean? He's going to exact a bloodbath? There's something wrong here.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: Obviously, he's talking about a bloodbath for America.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: So, he says his bloodbath comment was referring to the auto industry. Now, I don't know if that's how you all heard it. But that's not how it sounded to me.SHAWN (voice over): But the former president said on True Social, he was referring to, "Our shrinking auto manufacturing business" and the potential loss of jobs if China is allowed to manufacture cars in Mexico.TRUMP: We're going to put a 100 percent tariff on every single car that comes across the line, and you're not going to be able to sell those cars if I get elected.Now, if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath for the whole -- that's going to be the least of it. It's going to be a bloodbath for the country.(END VIDEOTAPE)SHAWN (on camera): Well, the former president and his allies say his words have been taken out of context. The President Biden's campaign is already using that clip to try and damage Trump, Bret.BAIER: Eric, thank you. The U.S. Supreme Court is denying former President Trump and former top Trump White House adviser Peter Navarro's effort to stay out of prison. Chief Justice Roberts ruled Navarro has to report to a Florida Federal Penitentiary tomorrow for a four month sentence while he appeals his contempt of Congress conviction for defying a subpoena related to the January 6th Capitol riot.Up next, its primary election eve in Ohio. We'll meet the three Republican Senate candidates vying for the shot to unseat the state's Democratic incumbent who most election watchers call vulnerable.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 30 in Jacksonville where police are investigating three separate shootings that led to one person being killed, three others injured Sunday night. The shootings caused panic in the city's downtown area, as crowds were out celebrating St. Patrick's Day.Fox Chattanooga where the United Auto Workers Union files a petition to hold a federally sanctioned vote to unionize the Chattanooga Volkswagen plant. The factory would be the only non-Detroit three automotive assembly plant in the U.S. to be unionized.And this is a live look at Minneapolis from Fox 9, our affiliated there. One of the big stories there tonight, a pair of ruby slippers worn by Judy Garland in the "Wizard of Oz" are returned to their owner nearly 20 years after they were stolen from a museum in the late actor's hometown. The collector who owns the iconic footwear turned them over to an auction company which plans to take them on an international tour before offering them at auction in December.That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: In tonight's "DEMOCRACY 24" report, three Republican Senate candidates are making their final pitches to Ohio voters ahead of tomorrow's primary election.The contenders are in a race to unseat or try to incumbent Democrat Senator Sherrod Brown. Correspondent Mark Meredith is in Cleveland with the latest.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BERNIE MORENO (R), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE, OHIO: We are now in the homestretch --MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Ohio businessman. Bernie Moreno is counting on former President Trump's endorsement.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: He is a great guy. He'll be a great, great senator.MEREDITH (voice over): To give him an edge in tomorrow's three-way Senate primary, which looks to be a dead heat.MORENO: If you believe in America first, if you believe that the Republican Party under President Trump is the future of the party, a party that puts the interests of America first, then, vote for me.MEREDITH (voice over): Today, Moreno campaigned with MAGA leaders, including Ohio Senator J.D. Vance. But over the weekend, his campaign scrambled after the Associated Press reported it found a gay dating profile tied to Moreno from 2008.The campaign says an intern created as a joke and that a it, "Existed for less than a half-day 16 years ago.Moreno's chief rival, State Senator Matt Dolan says he's an alternative to the MAGA crowd. Dolan has the support of Ohio's Republican Governor Mike DeWine.STATE SEN. MATT DOLAN (R-OH), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: Civility in politics is not a weakness. And strength? We cannot judge strength anymore by how loud we are.MEREDITH (voice over): Moreno and Dolan. Both multimillionaires have contributed heavily to their campaigns. Secretary of State Frank LaRose says that makes him an underdog tomorrow.FRANK LAROSE (R), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE, OHIO: I've always been the guy in the race that doesn't have the most resources, because I can't fund it out of my own pocket like both of my opponents can.MEREDITH (voice over): Tuesday's winner will face off against Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown, who is seeking his fourth term. But Brown is considered vulnerable this year, as Ohio increasingly trends conservative.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): Democrats are not sitting on the sidelines for this race. A pack with ties to Senator Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, recently airing some ads trying to boost Moreno in the Republican primary, hinting that Democrats may feel more confident in their chances about keeping Sherrod Brown seat in their control. If they go up against Moreno this fall. We'll find out tomorrow who wins. Bret.BAIER: Mark Meredith, in a chilly Cleveland. Mark, thanks.Former Georgia Lieutenant Governor Jeff Duncan is removing himself from consideration for the No Labels movement bipartisan unity ticket for the November presidential election.In a statement, Duncan says he wants to work toward, "healing and improving the Republican Party with a GOP 2.0, so, we can elect more common-sense conservative candidates in the future." No words what word what No Labels will do going forward.California Governor Gavin Newsom scrubbed his State of the State Address today, over the uncertainty facing his Proposition 1 ballot measure in California.Newsom's prize $6.4 billion taxpayer funded plan to overhaul the state's behavioral health system, maintains a razor thin lead with 7 million ballots counted, the measure is up by roughly 20,000 votes with an estimated 287,000 yet to be tallied.Californians against Prop 1 are battling to get some mail ballots counted after they were rejected over signature mismatches and other issues.The Environmental Protection Agency is unveiling a comprehensive ban on asbestos. A carcinogen that is used in some chlorine bleach, brake pads and other products. The final rule marks a major expansion of EPA regulation under a landmark 2016 law that overhauled regulations governing tens of thousands of toxic chemicals in everyday products. Exposure to asbestos is linked to more than 40,000 deaths in the U.S. each year.Did the Biden administration improperly pressure big tech to censor certain posts about COVID treatments, election security, and other topics? The Supreme Court is debating that. We'll bring you there, next.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. North Korea fires multiple short range ballistic missiles toward its eastern waters, days after the end of the South Korean-U.S. military drills in that area.The launches came as Secretary of State Anthony Blinken was in Seoul for a democracy summit.A volcano in Iceland is spewing smoke and bright orange lava into the air after erupting on Saturday for the fourth time since December. Authorities say infrastructure in the nearby fishing town are safe for now. But they're urging caution and preparedness.And this is a live look at London. One of the big stories there tonight. London's Court of Appeals says environmental activists accused of criminal damage cannot rely on their political or philosophical beliefs as a defense. Various groups have targeted companies and political parties in Britain, causing damage to property in order to raise awareness of climate change issues.Just some of the other stories, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: "BREAKING TONIGHT", a divided U.S. Supreme Court is casting doubt over calls to limit the ability of the federal government to communicate with social media platforms and the news media stemming from lawsuits accusing the Biden administration of improperly coordinating with tech firms to remove or limit information posted by private users on their sites. It's both sides of free speech, they are saying.Correspondent David Spunt is following the story from the Supreme Court.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Increasingly contentious digital discourse reached the Supreme Court in another free speech debate over the limits of moderating or eliminating social media posts, some might find controversial or harmful. Areas like public health and vaccines, election integrity, and national security.But what are the boundaries? That was the question as the nine justices debated whether social media companies blocked certain posts by private users under pressure from the federal government.SAMUEL ALITO, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE, SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's got these big clubs available for -- available to it. And so, it's treating Facebook and these other platforms like their subordinates."SPUNT (voice over): A majority of conservative and liberal justices appeared reluctant to limit government contacts with big tech, provided it does not cross the constitutional line into coercion or retaliation.JUDGE KETANJI BROWN JACKSON, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE, SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES: The government actually has a duty to take steps to protect the citizens of this country.JOHN G. ROBERTS, CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT: The government is not monolithic, either. You can't just sort of pick and choose which part of the government you're concerned about.SPUNT (voice over): But some justices question whether President Biden's own words in 2021 amounted to coercion against digital platforms about COVID vaccine.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They are killing people. I mean, it really -- they are -- look, the only pandemic we have is among the unvaccinated. And that -- and they're -- and they're killing people.SPUNT: Missouri and Louisiana later sued the Biden administration for improperly collaborating with these social media sites to take down disinformation relating to COVID. But the scope goes far beyond health policy.(END VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT: The High Court last month, Bret, heard a similar digital speech case over state laws, in how those laws would restrict big social media companies themselves and moderating user content over claims that they were censoring conservative political views, rulings, and both of these cases are due by early summer. Bret.BAIER: David Spunt, outside the Court, David, thanks.The Supreme Court continues to indefinitely block enforcement of a Texas law that allows state law enforcement to arrest people suspected of illegally crossing the southern border into the United States.So, for now, the law cannot go into effect. Texas Governor Greg Abbott says the law is necessary to combat the border crisis. The Biden administration asked the Supreme Court for a temporary pause, while the case is being litigated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)THOMAS DUPREE, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL: It would be one thing if the government called up tech companies and said, hey, you might want to take a look at this post. We have some concerns about it. But it's another if the government does so by using coercive tactics. That is what really raises the First Amendment problem that's at the heart of this case.MARC THIESSEN, COLUMNIST, "WASHINGTON POST": The problem is that they have willing coconspirators in these social media companies.We are going from liberal bice to illiberal bias. We are going from favoring one side to trying to suppress the other side.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, the Supreme Court case about free speech and what the government can and cannot do with social media companies. For analysis of that, let's bring in FOX News chief political analyst Brit Hume. Brit, good evening."The Washington Post" writes it this way, "The Supreme Court likely to reject limits on White House tech contacts. A majority of justices from across the ideological spectrum expressed concern about hamstringing federal government communications with social media platforms on issues such as public health, national security, and elections. Throughout the proceedings, justices grappled with when communications crossed the line into illegal coercion."Here is Justice Jackson about that, Ketanji Brown Jackson.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KETANJI BROWN JACKSON, SUPREME COURT JUSTICE: My biggest concern is that your view has the First Amendment hamstringing the government in significant ways, in the most important time periods. I mean, what would you have the government do? I've heard you say a couple times that the government can post its own speech.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: What did you make of the oral arguments in some of that exchange?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, I was certainly struck to hear justice Ketanji Brown Jackson say that the First Amendment, under the view that she clearly does not support, would hamstring the government in important moments. That's the whole purpose of the First Amendment is to hamstring the government, to prevent it from abridging, as the Constitution puts it, freedom of speech. And these platforms that are in question here are for freedom of -- for free speech.And people said all kinds of things about COVID, for example, including the government, some of which turned out to be true and some which did not. The theory of our First Amendment, Bret, as I'm sure you well know is that out of the voices that are heard and people can think about and debate and argue, eventually the truth may be found, arrived at, a consensus may be formed.The question here is whether what the government did was not merely exercising its free speech rights to encourage platforms to prohibit this or urge that or whatever. It's whether it went across that line into one where it was using its awesome powers, expressed or implied, to force compliance with this idea what ought to be said and what ought not to be said, which would be a clear -- and certainly a clear violation of the First Amendment. And Ketanji Brown Jackson seemed oblivious to that likelihood.BAIER: Yes.Brit, I want to turn to another topic. A lot of focus on Former President Trump's speech and use of "bloodbath" and picking up of that. Obviously the former president says a lot of things that raise eyebrows. Some of them make the left's heads explode. But this one in particular, what did you make of the use of it and its coverage so far?HUME: Well, first of all, the word "bloodbath" is used in common parlance all the time, and it doesn't necessarily refer to an actual shedding of blood. It refers to some major upheaval, damage being done, and the rest of it. And it widely used figuratively in newspapers and magazines. And journalists who didn't think that Trump should have said this are full of the use of that word for that reason.So when Trump says it, you take notice, and you want to know, what was he referring to here? And if you look at the context of it, it's pretty clear is he not threatening to cause a bloodbath, to trigger one, or urge one. He's talking about what he thinks would be the consequences of certain policies related to the automobile industry if they're put into effect as President Biden seems to want to do.The media picked up on this and took it that he was urging a bloodbath or threatening one, and so on. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out that that's not what he was saying. And yet ran with it. And they seem never to learn. It is this attitude that the journalists, too many of them have had, that the emergence public life of Donald Trump as a political figure and as president constituted a national emergency, and it was their job to do everything they can to get him out of public life and keep him out. And they are still trying to do that. That's what gave us the Russia collusion fiasco, was chasing after that dead end. And they are still doing it. Some of our colleagues, Bret, just seem not to learn anything from their own mistakes, and this is another one.BAIER: Brit, as always, thanks.Up next, Jennifer Griffin speaks with the Estonian prime minister on her escalating feud with neighboring Russia and Vladimir Putin.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAJA KALLAS, ESTONIAN PRIME MINISTER: Well, Russia's playbook hasn't changed, and that is how they operate, and that's why we have to know that when there is a conventional war going on in Ukraine, there is also a shadow war going on within our societies.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Russian President Vladimir Putin says he plans to advance deeper into Ukraine and is issuing new threats against the west after extending his reign over Russia in a landslide election, whose outcome was really never in doubt. At the end of his fifth term, Putin would be the longest serving Russian leader since the 18th century. Western leaders are denouncing the election as a sham.Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas is one of Vladimir Putin's loudest critics since the invasion of Ukraine two years ago. In an attempt to intimidate her, Russia recently issued an arrest warrant. Kallas was in Washington this weekend to celebrate America's free press. Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin spoke with the prime minister. Jennifer, over to you.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: Bret, I'm joined by Estonia's Prime Minister Kaja Kallas, who at age 46 is her country's first female prime minister. Thank you for joining us on SPECIAL REPORT.KALLAS: Thank you for having me.GRIFFIN: Your critics say you are too tough on Vladimir Putin. They joke that you eat Russians for breakfast. Is that true?KALLAS: Well, I even showed my breakfast to prove that I don't eat Russians for breakfast. But can you be tough enough on Putin considering what he has done? Right now, I think we all should be tougher, and we should have been tougher before so to prevent this from happening.GRIFFIN: Your critics do say that you are too confrontational to be NATO secretary general, for instance. What's your response to that? Are you too hawkish?KALLAS: If we say because of our attitudes towards Russia we are prevented from taking top positions, then we actually give too much power to Putin to decide how we run our alliances.GRIFFIN: Estonia became independent after the Soviet Union fell apart. You joined NATO in 2004. You share a 210-mile border with Russia. Russia's interior minister recently issued a warrant for your arrest. Does this worry you, especially after what happened to his main opposition, Alexei Navalny? We heard what happened to Navalny's chief of staff. He was brutally injured with a hammer attack in neighboring Lithuania. Are you scared?KALLAS: Well, Russia's playbook hasn't changed. And that is how they operate. What they are really good at is pouring fuel into the fires that are already existing in our society. So we have to be aware.GRIFFIN: Joseph Stalin sent your mother and her family to the gulag, to a prison camp when she was just six months old. She stayed there 10 years. It sounds very similar to what Russia is doing right now in terms of taking hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian children and deporting them to Russia.KALLAS: For my country, one fifth of our population was either deported or killed. Our language, our culture was suppressed. All these things happened while we had peace. So peace under Russian terms does not mean that human suffering will stop.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: If anybody in this room thinks Putin will stop with Ukraine, I assure you he will not.(END VIDEO CLIP)GRIFFIN: You met with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in January. What happens if Ukraine does not get the supplemental weapons that are currently stuck in Congress?KALLAS: If aggression pays off in Ukraine, Russia wins, Ukraine loses, then the security architecture of Europe but also the wider world is at stake, because what we have learned from 1930s is that if aggression pays off somewhere, it serves as an invitation use it elsewhere. We know the tensions in South China Sea. We know, Iran, North Korea. So we're going to have more conflicts around the world because the aggressors, or would be aggressors in the world are carefully taking notes.GRIFFIN: Critics say Europe is not paying its fair share in terms of NATO membership and contributing weapons and funds to Ukraine. That's not true of Estonia. You have spent 1.35 percent of your GDP on weapons to Ukraine. For the U.S. that would be the equivalent of $378 billion. What are Americans not understanding right now in terms of what Europe is contributing and why this is so important to Europe?KALLAS: Well, Europe is doing a lot. We are doing more in terms of absolute numbers as well. But what we have to talk here about is that, if America thinks it is far away, we are so intertwined. Out of -- 45 states out of 50, the main export and investment partner is Europe. So if something happens in Europe, it will affect your jobs here.GRIFFIN: Former President Trump says --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled. I will get it done in 24 hours. I know them both very well.(END VIDEO CLIP)GRIFFIN: What's your response?KALLAS: Well, that doesn't mean that there's peace if you negotiate with Putin, and then you just give in to Putin. I think America has always been the number one country in the world. Right now, there is a clear clash between the powers of the world. So, if U.S. is not backing Ukraine, then Russia will win. And then Russia's friends, China, Iran, North Korea, are the ones who are actually the leaders of the world. And we don't that world.GRIFFIN: French President Emmanuel Macron recently said all options are on the table to defeat Russia, including sending troops to Ukraine. Would you send troops to Ukraine?KALLAS: I think what is important is that Ukraine must win this war.GRIFFIN: But skeptics say that Ukraine can't win. What are they missing?KALLAS: Well, first of all, this is something that Russia wants us to believe, that they are lasting longer than the western side. Second is that we really have to have a victory as a goal. No war has been won when you don't have a victory as a goal. So, if we already start to think that oh, you know, it doesn't go like this, then we have to be prepared for much more conflicts around the world. If Ukraine wins, we don't have to talk about who is next. If Ukraine loses, then Russia might have a bite of NATO, and then, as we have Article 5, that means all the NATO's countries in in this game.GRIFFIN: Thank you, prime minister.KALLAS: Thank you.GRIFFIN: Bret, back to you.BAIER: Jennifer, thank you very much.Up next, the panel on the strained relationship between Israel and the U.S., and reaction to the former president's weekend speech.And later, the anniversary of an unsolved American mystery.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE SULLIVAN, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR: The president told the prime minister again today that we share the goal of defeating Hamas. But we just believe you need a coherent and sustainable strategy to make that happen.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: President Biden early on, we had our discussions. We had some differences. If we have to go it alone, we'll go it alone. But I also know that we're not alone, that the vast majority of Americans support Israel.SEN. JOHN BARRASSO, (R-WY) SENATE ENERGY COMMITTEE RANKING MEMBER: So many of the far left Democrats are supporting Hamas instead of Israel. They are afraid it's going to cost Joe Biden the election.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, there is tension between President Biden and the Israeli prime minister, the first phone call they've had today since February 15th. NBC has a behind the scenes kind of tick-tock, where they write, "Behind the scenes, Biden has grown angry and anxious about reelection effort. President Joe Biden was seething in a private meeting at the White House in January. Allies of the president had just told him that his poll numbers in Michigan and Georgia had dropped over his handling of the war between Israel and Hamas. He began to shout and swear, a lawmaker familiar with the meeting said. He believed he had been doing what was right despite the political fallout, he told the group."Let's talk to our group. Let's bring in our panel, Trey Gowdy, former Congressman from South Carolina, Morgan Ortagus, host of "The Morgan Ortagus Show" on Sirius XM, founder of Polaris National Security, and "THE FIVE" co-host Jessica Tarlov.OK, Trey, what do you make of the tension and what that means for Israel- U.S. relations?TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Bret, I think we spent decades tracking down people who killed Americans, and after what, five months, now Israel has to stop? No one wants innocent civilians injured, except Hamas. That's the only group I can think of that wants that. So what Joe Biden needs to do is give his advice privately, because when you publicly chastise Israel, you embolden Israel's enemies. And for Chuck Schumer to suggest there should be regime change in Israel is just outrageous. So whatever advice America has to Israel, who by the way, is surrounded by enemies deliver it privately and not publicly.BAIER: Jessica, Peter Doocy asked about that NBC reporting and kind of the back channel stuff. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: When he does that, is he shouting and swearing about Netanyahu or about Hamas or about his poll numbers?JAKE SULLIVAN, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR: This is the "when did you stop beating your spouse?" question because I don't think he ever did that. And so --DOOCY: Did he?SULLIVAN: You used that as the premise of your question, which is when he does that. I have never seen him do that, shout or swear in response to that. So, from my perspective, that particular report is not correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: According to the report, other lawmakers in the room did describe it that way. Jessica, your take on this?JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I think that the Biden administration is, frankly, just fed up in general with these reports that they don't feel are accurate or accurately portraying how President Biden feels or how he's conducting his business. I think that's a separate issue.The other point, and I think Jake Sullivan got to some of this but obviously could have gone further, and we'll hear more in the coming days, is how important it is that President Biden on the call with Prime Minister Netanyahu ask that the Israelis send an interagency team to the U.S. to have a discussion about how they can deal with the Rafah situation. They do not want a ground invasion. They worry this will make it even worse for innocent civilians on the Palestinian side.It didn't sound to me that they were against the idea that Israel needs to keep going. That's something that President Biden feels very strongly about, but they want a clear plan laid out. I won't dispute the fact it would be frustrating to see, especially among Gen Z voters, they are having such aggressive response to what is going on in Gaza right now. But I don't think the Biden administration is being driven by these poll numbers. The election is very far away. Do we wish it was all sunshine and roses and everyone was on the same page? A hundred percent. But I don't think that's why President Biden is doing this. I think that he genuinely feels the humanitarian tug of what's going on and wants to be able to balance that with his support for Israel, which has been clear since the day this happened.BAIER: Morgan, the fallout from senator Chuck Schumer's speech is still reverberating in Israel, and apparently it did come up on this call between the two leaders today.MORGAN ORTAGUS, POLARIS NATIONAL SECURITY: Yes, as it should. It was unprecedented for us to meddle in another democracy in this manner. I think, actually, Sullivan and others in the administration corrected on Sunday, on the Sunday shows when they said only the Israeli people should determine who their leaders are. It's just interesting to me that the party of rules and norms keeps breaking rules and norms, and this is just another way of doing so. This is not just another democracy. This is our strongest ally, our strongest friend in the Middle East.And what I don't understand is why there are these harsh words for Israel, conditioning aid for Israel. Where are these same policy prescriptions for Hamas, for the Islamic Republic of Iran who we know is behind this? So it's incredibly frustrating, just as Trey pointed out, to hear these words towards our friend and our ally that would never get said, for example, towards Zelenskyy or towards Ukraine. This harsh public criticism is only reserved for the state of Israel. And you know why. It's an electoral reason. That's the only reason why they are doing it.BAIER: Yes. Trey, speaking of Senator Schumer, we went back into the way back machine and went to speeches he gave ahead of the midterms in 18. This is one back in, let's see, May 23rd, talking about gas prices, and former - - and then President Trump. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: Whatever meager benefit working families might have seen from Trump's tax scam for the rich, it's being wiped out by the gas prices that President Trump is responsible for.Final price of gas under Obama -- $2.36. Current price for gas under Trump -- $2.92. Mr. President, you can't blame this on President Obama as you try to blame everything on him.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: OK. So, right now the national average gas prices today $3.46. A month ago it was $3.27. A year ago it was $3.44. So, that is not something that Senator Schumer is talking about now, Trey?GOWDY: Yes. If you wonder why people in Congress have such low public approval rating, you just saw it. Number one, don't read your speech, Chuck. Memorize it if you really believe it. Number two, don't be quite so do duplicitous. If a Republican did it and it was wrong, then when a Democrat does it, it should be wrong. That's why people are so frustrated with politics, what you just saw and heard.BAIER: All right, Jessica, speaking of speeches, the bloodbath comment, even "Snopes" came out and said it appears that this was not something that he was talking about. It says "The context for the remarks suggest Trump was predicting an economic bloodbath for the country, not a literal one if he loses the 2024 presidential election." So, quickly, should we make a big deal out of that?TARLOV: It's really tough. I feel like every weekend, or every time he gives a speech, we have something that we could run with. The truth of the matter is the American people are going to go out and they're going to vote on the economy. That's what they want to hear about. We talked about defending democracy, the importance of January 6th. I believe in that wholeheartedly. But I think it is going to be a gas pump election, a grocery store election. Democrats have done a lot of good. Those prescription drug prices down, the stock market, et cetera. That's where I would focus. People know who Donald Trump is. It's unfortunate, but many still are supporting him despite that.BAIER: All right, panel, thanks so much. I want to take that extra time.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, believe it or not, we have Jesse Watters. He has this book coming out, "Get It Together, Troubling Tales from the Liberal Fringe." We'll talk about the news of the day and his book.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.