SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: All right, that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Thank you for making the show possible. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "HANNITY." Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld's next. Hope you have a great weekend.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)TOM SHILLUE, FOX NEWS HOST: That's right. Didn't see that coming. I am Tom Shillue in for Greg Gutfeld. It is Friday and you know what that means. Let's welcome tonight's guests. He's more than meets the eye because he's wearing Spanx. Comedian, Joe Machi. Go ahead. He puts Fox and Friends first, the New York Giants second and his family third. Fox and Friends Todd Piro. She is sleek, bleak but never meek. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. And no one will ever sneak through this wall. New York Times bestselling author, comedian former NWA World Champion, Tyrus.OK, before we get to some news stories, let's do this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Greg's leftovers.SHILLUE: Yes, it's leftovers where I read the jokes we didn't get to this week. And just like when Greg does it, it's my first time reading these. Earlier this week, President Biden had his annual physical. Doctor said he's in great shape for a man of his age and pronounce his death as -- it is my first time reading these. And pronounced his time of death, 11:45 AM October 14. That's it, numbers.A Florida woman was arrested after allegedly spiking her boyfriend's tea with bleach. He became suspicious when he noticed his teeth look fantastic. Look at that. Earlier this week, Donald Trump Jr. received an envelope containing a suspicious white powder. And this is nice in a stunning display of bipartisanship, you'll never guess who offered to examine it.A new survey finds that 37 percent of people would let a bird poop on them believing it would bring them good luck. The only question now is, where will Greg get a realistic bird costume? I don't know if I like that one.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We all do. We all do.SHILLUE: OK. All right. During a recent speech, Donald Trump did an impromptu Joe Biden impression that caused some in the audience to actually pee their pants. That or they were also doing a Biden impression.This week in Scotland, a Willy Wonka themed event was so disappointing, people called the cops and demanded refunds. There were no chocolate waterfalls or Oompa Loompas but unlike the film, at least no kids were murdered. Pittsburgh police will no longer send officers to certain emergency calls like theft, harassment or burglary instead, you'll do the police report by telephone unless the thief steals your phone. Right. OK.Kellogg's CEO is facing backlash after suggesting people should start eating cereal for dinner to save money. What do you mean start, said one man. Yeah, right.TODD PIRO, "FOX & FRIENDS FIRST" CO-HOST: It's because I'm white. I'm the whitest man ever.SHILLUE: All right.GEORGE "TYRUS" MURDOCH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You hear that, Machi? The nerve.PIRO: I'm stealing your white thing, huh.MURDOCH: White fight.SHILLUE: You don't think I'll win that one?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah.SHILLUE: Mitch McConnell has announced that he he'll be stepping down as the Senate GOP leader in November. The reason? He wanted to spend more time with his children. It's been a tough week for Google's Gemini AI countless critics have slammed it for being biased, inaccurate and racist against white people. And Joy Reid slammed them for stealing her act.According to an ex-Starbucks barista, there are nine telltale signs that you're about to be served a bad cup of Joe. Sign number one you're at Starbucks. Liam Neeson is slated to star in the remake of the Naked Gun and Hollywood is buzzing about who else will be cast. I'd kill for a part in that, said one man. Yeah.MURDOCH: Your lucky it's March 1, bro.SHILLUE: And finally, this week and Kentucky couple got married in a gas station men's room. And if you want to get them a wedding present, you can't go wrong with a can of Lysol. Go ahead, it's the last one. It's the last and now to the news. They say Joe's ancient like the Acropolis but Trump's a dangerous populist. According to a new Bloomberg poll, swing state voters find Biden too old and Trump too dangerous quote. Overall, eight in 10 voters in crucial States said Biden was too old and despite finding him dangerous voters were more likely to describe Trump as being mentally fit.By the way, it's kind of a side note. They all agreed Oppenheimer is a shoe in for Best Picture. Not only that, Trump is ahead in every swing state that really matters in November. He's up by six points in Pennsylvania, Nevada, Georgia and Arizona, and leads by nine in North Carolina and four in Wisconsin. But Biden still holds an edge in Mexico. So it's not looking good for the big guy. I wonder what he has to say?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHILLUE ACTING LIKE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN: No, no, no, no, look, look. I've my -- my -- mind is very fine. I get it with mine like a steel trap. I remember everything. Seems like only yesterday I was taken down corn pop with a rusty chain. And you know, run Amtrak with my special key. I remember everything. Back when I was before when I invented the internet. Did I ever tell you that I was named after Sir Edmund Hillary? That's right. That's before I became the first black president. But I wanted to tell you, I did not have sex with that woman Ms. Lewinsky. My hand is cramped up.(END VIDEO CLIP)SHILLUE All right, Todd, I mean, does that surprise you this poll? And what do you think is worse voters finding you too old or too dangerous.PIRO: I love the fact that Democrats were trying to hide Biden's age from us for so long. But that pesky secret got out because he's the president. And it gets kind of tough to hide that for so long. I think the age thing is a much bigger issue than the dangerous thing that said, if I'm Trump, I'd make sure for the swing state voters that I communicate. What many people are saying on the left as dangerous is a foreign policy that's going to get us out of Foreign Wars, that's going to be cheaper, and it's actually going to be safer for Americans in the long run.It's on Trump to communicate that message within the confines of a mainstream media that's against him. And I think if he does that help, he'll chip away at that dangerousness. There's nothing Joe Biden can do between now and November to chip away the age because things don't get better with age unless they're wine and obviously, Joe Biden's not getting better with age. So that goes back to the overall point, are they going to hide him more and more in an election year like they did in 2020? I don't know. I don't think they can. And that's why I think Joe Biden's in trouble.SHILLUE: What do you think, Tyrus? I mean, that's a good point by Todd the idea that age, I mean, if it's changing in any direction, it's getting worse because he's getting older.MURDOCH: Because we all get better when we get older. That's -- we all tell ourselves because we don't look in the mirror anymore. No one gets better when they get older. Except maybe me. But no, I actually it's funny because literally, I had the chip to fill out this morning and walk around with a cane. Like I turned 51 and it's (BEEP) over, man. Like I'm just (BEEP) falling apart here. But let's -- let's just break it down. Very simple. It's not good. Let's -- let's leave politics out for once. Let's try it. Let's try first. To -- Kat, don't split your water out.We're not going to talk about politics right now. We're just going to take old and dangerous, those two words. OK, that's your choice.SHILLUE: Yeah.MURDOCH: You're in the pound, right. You need a dog to protect the house. And they got this really nice, sweet, old dog who will look up and watch them come in and rob your house. Now in his mind, he's like, get up, growl, bark, maybe bite if they're close enough and get them off the property. But he's (BEEP) old. So he just sits there and goes, woof, or the dangerous dog that's barking all the damn time and nobody will come near your yard because they can hear the barks and just the sound of those barks are enough for some reason for North Korea not to worry about the nuclear program and wars not to break out.So give me the loud dog in the front yard that's dangerous because everyone will know it's dangerous and will stay away from my house. Or have the old dog and wonder why everybody's (BEEP) with us. Simple.SHILLUE: That is something. So actually, what Tyrus, is saying, Kat, is the dangerous might be to his advantage, as long as you can convince him he's dangerous in the right places, right?TIMPF: First of all, I've gotten way better with age.SHILLUE: Yes, I agree, Kat.TIMPF: Yeah. In every single way, but there will be a point where that does not apply anymore. And I think it'll be way before I'm Biden's age because I think by then I'll be dead. So like, no shade -- it's not bad that he's old. I really don't think it's an age thing. It's the fact that regardless of age, I've said this so many times, he doesn't seem to know what's going on a significant amount of time. I mean, even the dog you're describing is aware that he, I'm at home right now, right. Like --MURDOCH: I'm sorry.TIMPF: Yeah, I don't know. I think that a lot of us, I think are just feeling like, are we really going to have to do this again? You know, I don't remember the election last time around being an emotionally stable time for us as a country.SHILLUE: Yeah.TIMPF: And I think it's going to be pushed in each, it's going to be pushed away, as he say, well, there I think, Todd, I think they're going to have to hide the guy. I don't think he's really able to be out there a lot. But they're just going to say it's not about Biden, it's about democracy, they're going to use the same talking points. And we're all going to feel like we're living in the same thing over and over again, and then it will be over.SHILLUE: But can the dangerous -- but that's what it is. Can you still keep saying dangerous as a warning about Trump? Because we've had --TIMPF: I think after he already had a presidency, I think that it's a lot harder to continue to use those talking points. Absolutely. I think especially since so many of those things did turn out to be overblown. People are suspicious of any criticism of him or some people are certainly more suspicious of it, for sure.SHILLUE: And that may be why they need the January 6 thing, right. They want to play it like he was some kind of insurrectionist they got to up the stakes, because last time they said if he takes the reins of the country, we're going downhill and things were OK. So they need to kind of rewrite the script, right, Machi?JOE MACHI, COMEDIAN: Yeah, that's all they got. But one quick correction, Todd, cheese also gets a lot better with age. But yes, and wouldn't the more dangerous of the two candidates be the one that's senile? Because like one day, Joe Biden wakes up, he's raised by Puerto Ricans, he was a truck driver and has oil cancer. And then what if the next day he wakes up and mistake Xi Xi Ping for Emperor Hirohito and then tries to attack him with the Intrepid Museum?SHILLUE: That's right. Is that -- is that -- do you call him Xi Xi Ping?MURDOCH: I do. All the cool guys do.SHILLUE: Xi Xi?MURDOCH: Yeah. Xi Xi. Yes. When we were working out with him last year at the summit. Remember, hey, Xi Xi, get your (BEEP) PRs up.MACHI: Xi Xi Ping.MURDOCH: Yeah, yeah.SHILLUE: Piro.PIRO: Yes.SHILLUE: These -- do you believe these swing state polls? Because you know what's going to happen. I mean, what can I say about the voting that the Democrats they know how to, they know how to get those votes, like the mainland situation. I mean, how much of this can I say. They're going to find a lot of votes in those areas, aren't they?PIRO: I think the way you can count your time is to basically say, Democrats are better at elections than Republicans in every single state, even if it's a Republican state. Democrats know how to run elections, they know how to maximize votes, and Republicans, for whatever reason, are not good at that. That said, Republicans need to wake up because obviously, this is an important election. And when it comes to the polls, I think it's important to discuss the polls, I think it's important to look for trends.But if Republicans start getting cocky with these polls that show, oh, Trump's winning in all the swing states, you don't win in March, you win in November. So they need to keep the foot on the gas. And they need to make sure that they're mobilizing those swing state, independent, non-committed voters, there aren't a lot of them. I mean, let's face it. Everybody, you know, probably has decided who they're going to vote for in November.SHILLUE: Yeah.PIRO: But for those people who haven't yet decided Trump needs to be laser focused in getting and communicating to them that I'm not going to be dangerous. I'm going to defend America's interests. I'm not going to be the end of democracy; the other guy is. And when it comes to treating humans and Americans equally, I'm the guy to do that. He needs to be laser focused on that. And I think he's getting there. Republicans need to follow suit with him, the entire party.SHILLUE: And no more this waiting till Election Day. We got to get in there and vote early like --PIRO: I know Republicans don't want it. I don't like to pay taxes, but I do it because I have to --MURDOCH: -- There's a difference in philosophy though. It's we think of voting as a privilege and something, you earn the right to do. We don't want -- we don't -- I'm speaking in generalities. But like that's how we generally think about it. And the other side tends to think about it as, just get all the numbers you can. That's why you see the mass Texas like, we'll sign you up, come vote. For most of us like it's a -- it's a right. It's a right of passage. You talk about, you take off work, you plan around it.It's one of the things you -- when you -- when I do it, I think about my grandmother when she had earned the right to vote. Like it's a -- it seems to be more of a personal thing to Republicans. That's why mail and voting and stuff like, oh, no, you do what -- you got to do your part.SHILLUE: Yeah. Election Day --MURDOCH: -- You got to do your part.SHILLUE: That's not going to work this year. They got to get out there and vote early. Am I right?AUDIENCE: Yeah!SHILLUE: All right. Joe and Trump head to the border but who can restore order?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SHILLUE: Our immigration mess illicits dueling border visits. Both former President Trump and President Biden visited the southern border this week although only one of them remembers the Alamo.MURDOCH: Nice.SHILLUE: Trump was in Eagle Pass criticizing the President's lacks immigration policies calling the situation Joe Biden's invasion. Meanwhile, Old Joe went to Brownsville blaming Republicans for blocking immigration legislation. But is Biden really serious about the border? Apparently not. Because the White House just made up a sweet new sounding euphemism for illegal aliens. Illegals are now referred to as newcomers according to this official White House factsheet.The ridiculous rebrand is rightfully being roasted online for a shameless attempt to destigmatize a criminal act. It's like when Greg calls exposing himself on the sidewalk, enhanced interrogation techniques. OK, newcomers, Kat, this is a new thing. I wonder why they are pulling this out now. Why go to the border and then try, you know, to try to sound like a tough guy and then come up with this newcomers thing?TIMPF: Well, that's just it, right. Somebody missed the memo. Somebody was writing that based on Joe Biden 2020 and not Joe Biden now not getting the memo that he was supposed to be a tough guy on immigration now.SHILLUE: Yeah.TIMPF: I think it's so much of that. It's all politics, right. Which is why I can't stand when politicians accuse each other of playing politics. Like but that was what Biden that's all he really said is, we'd love to fix this. But the Republicans won't let us they blocked that deal. It's like, well, if it was really that important that the deal would have just been about immigration and the border, for example, and not funded all these various foreign wars and other things. So yeah, it's all politics. I think somebody just kind of missed the memo that we weren't doing it that way anymore.SHILLUE: What good is it to go down to that border when it doesn't everyone know that the narrative at this point, Tyrus, that they basically had the border open, we know what they're doing. They're shipping people all around the country.MURDOCH: Right.SHILLUE: They're calling them newcomers. What good is it's almost bad for him to go down to the border, it looks bad.MURDOCH: It's bad, if you're not on their side of things. Like what Kat just said, was too brilliant for them. Like it's -- they're literally saying split the diff. Like we were going to look tough in front of the border but we're -- we don't want to upset our progressive. So we'll call we'll go down there and look tough and call them newcomers. But we'll do it tough. So everybody will be happy.SHILLUE: Yeah.MURDOCH: And Kat gave them an out to even the way to do it. Like say, oh, it's an old school thing. No, no, that's what he wants to do. You're telling a guy who can't remember, one foot goes in front of the other to split the diff, which means you have to know two things and make us convinced it's one. So that's what he was doing. And he did it horribly, because he can't anymore.So when he goes to these places, they're just at this point, because they can't say, we are good with this situation. Our side of the street, the Democrats, we are fine. We call them newcomers. We have no problems with open borders. We are fine with this. That's why we got rid of all the executive orders because I could do it myself if I wanted to.SHILLUE: Yeah.MURDOCH: I don't want to, I stopped them for a reason. This is how we look at our version of America and hashtag newcomers, you should remember that and vote accordingly, America. Period. You don't need Joe Biden speech of Joe Biden to know where he stands, his actions, if -- you'd have to be blind not to see it. And if you're blind, I'm sorry. But you can see it.SHILLUE: And everybody's saying it, Todd.MURDOCH: It's simple.SHILLUE: They're seeing it in the cities. We're seeing blue cities, people seen this influx coming in. Even people who kind of sympathize with Biden's border policies, now they realize like, what are we going to do? We're kind of in up to our neck. And at some point, they can't turn off the spigot, because they've already said the borders are open.PIRO: Right. And I think Tyrus really nailed the point of this is a fundamental problem within this White House, this language of newcomers popping out, no matter what Joe Biden does, trying to look tough, it's all an act. Because fundamentally, this is their vision to use thyristors phrase of what America is. What upsets me most about that, it's almost like they are treating these illegal migrants as freshmen at orientation.MURDOCH: Great point, yeah.PIRO: They call them newcomers. They give them their ID, their food card, their dorm, and much like how they're treating student loans, the American taxpayers are on the hook for it. There's a common college migrant tie here. And that is a huge problem, not only for Joe Biden in the election because the cities are starting to realize, hey, we're getting screwed here. We put this guy in office, we thought we're going to get a lot of good handouts. And our budgets are getting decimated by these illegals.But it's a fundamental problem for America because this is not how our system works. We help people when they're in need, but it's temporary. It's not permanent. And what we're doing for these illegal migrants who aren't citizens, by the way, we need to make that point, is hurting our citizens and there's no end in sight with, Tom, that's the issue. This is a, go back to the college analogy and I'll leave--SHILLUE: I love your college analogy.PIRO: This is -- you go to college for four maybe five years, these migrants are going to be on the doll permanently. And that's a huge issue. I understand when somebody comes here legally, they may get some assistance right off the bat, but the goal is to get them in the system working, being productive members. We've seen so many TikTok videos of these migrants saying, hey, I'm here. I'm on the doll for life.SHILLUE: They love it.PIRO: That's a problem.SHILLUE: That's a problem. Machi, what are we going to do about it? That's right.MACHI: Tom, I hate that college analogy. In my orientation, my roommate's dad tried to introduce me to coeds. It's so embarrassing, you know, I can get rejected on my own. Well, I'll say this. The Left is great at euphemisms like it's a border bill that gives discretionary power to the homeland security chief that we're trying to impeach right now for not doing his job.It's the same thing I do on first dates. You know, you don't want them to know about the past. You only want them to know about the good things you're doing now, except unlike President Biden, I can hold in my farts.SHILLUE: That's right. OK. Up next --MURDOCH: Turn around.SHILLUE: He used football jargon after his clients plea bargain.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SHILLUE: Was a lawyer too dramatic in depending a football fanatic? He is representing a thief who loves the Chiefs. A diehard Kansas City Chiefs fan named Xavier Babudar pleaded guilty this week in a string of bank robberies. He also pleaded guilty to having a name that sounds like a skin condition.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: That's right, he admitted to stealing more than $800,000 from 11 banks in seven states. He even stole a few pens after breaking their tiny little chains.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Xavier found fame in Chiefs' kingdom for showing up to the games in full wolf costume. Now, instead of hanging on the grid iron he faces 50 years behind iron bars. It could be worse. He could have been sentenced to 50 years watching the Jets play.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: But what's the best way for a lawyer to defend the honor and reputation of a self-described Chiefs-aholic? How about use as many football references as possible. Let's see that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: From the beginning this case, folks, the government has been blitzing, and Xavier's pocket was collapsing. But today, Xavier stepped into the pressure. We know he doesn't give up. We know that if he stumbled and he fell, he didn't let his knee touch the ground.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Somewhere in heaven even John Madden is saying, whoa, tone it down, tone it down.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Listen.SHILLUE: Tyrus, come on.MURDOCH: That is the sweetest, most dedicated lawyer. I wouldn't let him represent me for one second, but if I was being told bad news, I'd want it from him.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Like, his client was so -- guilty, the best thing he could do was give him a cool press conference. Like, the fact that we're even calling this dude, talking about his pass time, he is a bank robber. Like that should be bank robber, who gives a -- what he did on Saturdays and Sundays? Like why --(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: In this country we've gotten -- we need to know everyone's backstory. That's because of this behavior is why there is no more Tyrus and Timpf podcast, because our whole thing was based on prequels where we told you the backstory. And now the media has taken that away from us because now we know what his joy was, that the little wolf was actually a bank robber.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: That's right.MURDOCH: And $800,000? If you earn $800,000 in a career, you are beyond successful. The fact that we are not calling him the bank robber is -- America, get back to basics. Bank robber. Oh, by the way for later in the tonight, the entertainment section, he went to Chiefs games.SHILLUE: Kat, that's what he wants to be known for, that's where his heart is, at heart he's a Chiefs fan.TIMPF: So I think he might be on to something with this, because, it's crazy. Don't get me wrong. But, from what I understand, that town really loves football, right? I don't know. It could work. Maybe one juror could be, yes, I love that guy, right? But here's the thing, if it doesn't work, based on that video being so crazy, you could play it as potential evidence that he did not have adequate representation at trial.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: It could.TIMPF: Yes, ineffective -- thank you, lawyer guy.SHILLUE: Kat has an interesting theory. He is putting it out there because then the potential jury pool -- he knows he is going to be in good standing if he looks over and one of the people in the jury is dressed like a wolf.(LAUGHTER)TODD PIRO, CO-HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS FIRST": He's definitely going to get the sympathetic wolf vote. I like your ineffective assistance of counsel approach. That's a good call. I view this from, hey, I went to law school with potential lawyers. We're not a cool people, so if you try to be cool you're going to fail, as I discover, 5:00 a.m. to 6:00 a.m. every morning on FOX & FRIENDS.(LAUGHTER)PIRO: But the bigger issue, to Tyrus's point, not only did he fail with his verbal shenanigans, this lawyer, he picked the worse possible case. This isn't public intoxication where maybe a few puns would be funny. In the words of the prosecutor, quote, "a violent crime spree across the Midwest that traumatized bank employees." So I don't know, maybe avoid the football puns there.Also, when you refer to pleading guilty, there is no football analogy to pleading guilty. There is no football equivalent to pleading guilty. So maybe avoid the football puns here. It was an abject fail, but it could be an ineffective assistance of counsel. You may be up to something, Timpf.SHILLUE: Machi?PIRO: I like when you went there.JOE MACHI, COMEDIAN: Maybe forfeit would plead guilty.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: I will be honest with you, a punt kind of a forfeit. You are giving up the spot.PIRO: Yes, but you get to live another day. This guy robbed a bank, Tyrus.MURDOCH: That's my whole point, and you are still talking about his damn football. This man was a masked bank robber. He was literally going to buy the Chiefs if he had two more years on the streets.(LAUGHTER)PIRO: He was going to the wolf. You're right, he was going to sell to the wolf.SHILLUE: Joe, I know you are going to defend this guy.MACHI: Well, I just thought maybe he and his lawyer always talk in football terms. So, what if he robbed banks in football terms. I need to intercept that deposit. Nobody call an audible, I have got a shotgun.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: Anyone who gives me trouble will be the first down.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: Inside the red zone. And after the sentencing the lawyer should be saying, my client is going to jail. I hope he has good protection in case his cellmate tries a spread formation pitch to the back.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Joe, Greg's not here, Joe. Greg's not here.All right. Coming up --(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: It's a good play. It's a good play.SHILLUE: -- we'll answer your questions sincerely because we love you dearly.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yep, you are watching Mailing It In.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: Welcome to mailing it in. @Stever1130 asks, what was your favorite decade and why? Todd Piro, it must have been the 40s when you grew up, right?PIRO: I did grow up in the 40s, yes. I had a rag time band that you were in, in the 30s. It's the 80s. Everything just made sense. Like, I just feel like the 80s, the hair was big, the clothes were bigger. But just life made sense. It went linear, like A-B-C-D. The 90s things started getting a little weird. The 2000s obviously went off the rail. And the times with live in now are kooky town. The 80s, things were just right.(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: They love it. Interesting. What do you think, Machi, 80s was your heyday?MACHI: No, I would say favorite decade of all time, 20 A.D. to 30 A.D., because you've got the last semblance of Old Testament where you are just partying and having fun. And then you're still around for Jesus to forgive you. And it just beat out 10,000 B.C. to 9990 B.C. where they just weren't so strict about pants.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: I can see that. Tyrus, I didn't think we were going back to --MURDOCH: No, but he makes a great point. Listen, this obviously was written by someone who has seen a lot of decades. Kat, you have what, two to reference? Like, I've got, what, one more? Your favorite decade is whatever time you were growing up as a kid, because you didn't know how -- up the world is. You know, Todd apparently was in the 80s, I was middle 80s. Your childhood when the car -- when a refrigerator box leads to so many wonderful things. You can make a fort out of it. It eventually becomes a weapon. You slide down the street in it. Life was simple, it was easy. You got kicked out in the morning. You didn't -- you had to live off a garden hose and a twinkie, and you were fine.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: The last thing you wanted to do was come in when the sun went down because life was beautiful, it was great. Worst thing happened someone didn't check yes or no in the box that liked you, and you were fine, you moved on. So it was whenever you were a kid, in my opinion.(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: Whenever you were a kid. So the 90s, the 90s, is that your decade. What do you think?TIMPF: You know what, I'll say the current one, because that's when I met my husband.SHILLUE: Oh, yes.TIMPF: And now how bad does Todd look?PIRO: I look horrible.MURDOCH: The entire panel is like, thanks, Kat.TIMPF: You're welcome.PIRO: Every time I'm on the show, I have to defend something with my wife. Two nights ago, it was porn. Now, I don't love the decade in which I lived with you, wife.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I'm just saying I don't know your wife, but if I was her, I wouldn't start that fight today.MURDOCH: The only one --SHILLUE: I didn't answer yet.MURDOCH: Joe's life as a bachelor, this is the one time it paid off.SHILLUE: But I didn't answer. I am going with Kat's answer right now.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: @boomer1961 asks, "Is there a lie you told as a young kid that you never have come clean about? What is it?" Oh, Tyrus.MURDOCH: I used to lie to my friends at school that Robert Parish was my dad, from the Boston Celtics.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: And we were in California and he was on the road playing basketball, that's why he wasn't at the father-son camp. And one time a kid was like, they're playing the lakers in L.A. tonight, and I beat the -- out of him to keep my secret.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: But I was the chief's son. And they asked me what my nickname was, and I said Tonto, not knowing what Tonto meant, which is Indian for blind leader, which means stupid. That was my lie. Robert Parish, wherever you are, thanks dad. You're free.SHILLUE: And to think that someone got beat up at the end of that one. That's amazing.MURDOCH: He had it coming.SHILLUE: Kat, come clean now, what was it? What was the lie you told as a kid?TIMPF: Nothing.SHILLUE: Nothing?TIMPF: I was raised to fear the devil. So, I didn't mess around with that. And also, anything I might have done that was wrong, I confessed to a priest years ago.SHILLUE: Well, I wouldn't do anything wrong. So, then I would go into confession and I had nothing to say, so I would make up. I would say I stole a candy bar. I didn't. So then I'd be like the next time --TIMPF: You have to go back in.SHILLUE: I lied to the last priest.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: I was like, you know, it was an endless chain. I'm not trying to earn points here. I really wasn't allowed to lie so I didn't lie a lot growing up. I saw how angry my dad got when Bill Clinton was in office and all the lies he told over the Monica Lewinsky, and that put the fear of God in me. So I saw -- you can do anything in life, you could mess up, but never lie. So, not a liar here.MURDOCH: Robert Parish told me the same thing.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Machi, what did you lie about as a kid?MACHI: I lied quite a lot. That's all I have to say about it.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Just a lot of lies? A lot of lies. OK, do we have another one? What actor would you want to bring back from the dead to resurrect the movie industry? Todd Piro.PIRO: I haven't had a lot of laughs from this audience so far, because I've been the straight man today. So in an attempt to earn cheap points, Ronald Reagan.SHILLUE: Ronald Reagan, the comeback.(APPLAUSE)PIRO: I know how to play you people.SHILLUE: Tyrus?PIRO: D block.SHILLUE: Do you have a less pandering answer, Tyrus?MURDOCH: Who would I bring, an actor I would bring back?SHILLUE: Yes, to respect the movie industry.MURDOCH: Oh, he would have to be good with pyro. I wouldn't bring back anyone that was already gone. I'd just be like, James Earl Jones help us, you are the only one, James Earl Jones. Yes, we need some old movies, Jack Nicholson, come on, guys. We need to form --SHILLUE: He is still around, isn't he?MURDOCH: All the guys that can save us are still here, that's the point.SHILLUE: Kat, name an actor.TIMPF: I don't need movies because every day is better than imagination since I met my husband.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: Machi, Machi.MURDOCH: What did you do to Cam?TIMPF: Nothing. I bet you wish you went with that, Todd.PIRO: I'm already done. I'm just going to count my losses.MURDOCH: His mother saw the porno episode.PIRO: And she liked it. And now she is watching tonight's episode, where we referenced the porno episode from two months ago with her friend in Florida. So now we're embarrassing me in front of my friends. Hi, mom.MURDOCH: Maybe you should have learned how to lie, Todd. Like me and Joe.SHILLUE: Machi, give me an actor.MACHI: I would say John Wayne. I would just -- I would --(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: John Wayne.MACHI: I would enjoy listening to people try to explain preferred pronouns to him.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: And he would be like, you mean like pilgrim?(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: All right, up next, will chatting about friends lead to a dead end?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)SHILLUE: Story in five words, gossip is good for you. A new study says, Todd, that researchers say gossip provides social benefits and can be helpful to gain information about people's representations. Assuming that everyone is truthful, gossip is good, do you agree?PIRO: That's the thing. Like, what if they are lying? Then their reputation is ruined, and you've ruined somebody because you're telling a lie. This study was weird. They also used a computer simulation to evaluate the effects. Just watch the real frigging housewives. You'll get all the information you need on gossip right there. You don't need a study. This story was stupid.SHILLUE: Stupid, he says, he doesn't believe it. You watch reality TV, don't you, Kat?TIMPF: Duh.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: OK, is gossip, can it be good? I think it's a very female trait, gossip. Am I wrong for saying that?TIMPF: Oh, Greg. Come on. Gossip is horrible. It's absolutely wrong, with one exception, which is if I don't like the person we're talking about.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Then it's healthy and good.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Tyrus, what do you think, assuming, Todd Piro he looks on the dark side of everything. Assuming everyone is telling the truth, can it be good?MURDOCH: If you are looking for an ass-whooping, yes, because where I am from, if you are talking about me I'm not present, that means you are talking behind my back. So it doesn't matter what you are trying to say, why am I in your thoughts, pray tell, when I am not even present to defend myself. And chances are, people rarely go behind your back to say Tyrus is wonderful, I love working with him. Please don't tell him I said this, but he just make my day better. Whenever I see Tyrus, it's like -- nobody ever said that behind your back. They're like, hey, Kat, do you got a second? How do you guys put up with this Tyrus guy? No suit, he wears a hat, he bullies everybody, he is rude, did I mention the black thing?(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Don't tell him. That's gossip. This was done by people who -- this is obviously, and men gossip way more than they should, because women do it better, at least they stick together. We don't get included in that. Guys gossip and then get pillow talk. They gossip to a stripper or a hooker. And then it ends up -- brother, yes, I know. Then you end up on -- then you end up on TMZ or whatever because you gossiped about your wife not understanding you to a stripper in -- dude gossip with dudes ends up always horrible because they don't know how to do it right.SHILLUE: Machi, working with Tyrus is wonderful, he's a great guy to work for.MACHI: That's what we were talking about.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: But I gossip about myself to people that don't know me hoping that it will filter to people that do know me.(LAUGHTER)MACHI: So I say, psst, I hear Joe Machi is an amazing lover from a number of beautiful women that told me that.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Does it ever get back to your friends?MACHI: It hasn't seemed to help.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: Don't go away, we'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SHILLUE: Thank you Joe Machi, Todd Piro, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, and you, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I am Tom Shillue, and on behalf of Greg Gutfeld, I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)