JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: They added more to the national debt than in any presidential term in American history. Check the numbers. Folks at home, does anybody really think the tax code is fair?AUDIENCE: No!BIDEN: Do you really think the wealthy and big corporations need another $2 trillion tax break?AUDIENCE: No!BIDEN: I sure don't. I'm going to keep fighting like hell to make it fair. Under my plan, nobody earning less than $400,000, you will pay an additional petty in federal taxes. Nobody, not one penny. And they haven't yet. In fact, the Child Tax Credit I passed during the pandemic cut taxes for millions of working families and cut child poverty in half. Restore the Child Tax Credit because no child should go hungry in this country. The way to make the tax code fair is to make big corporations and the very wealthy to begin to pay their fair share.Remember in 2020, 55 of the biggest companies in America made $40 billion and paid zero in federal income tax, zero. Not anymore. Thanks for the law I wrote and we signed, big companies have to pay a minimum of 15 percent. But that's still less than working people pay in federal taxes. It's time to raise corporate minimum tax to at least 21 percent so every big corporation finally begins to pay their fair share.I also want to end tax breaks for Big Pharma, Big Oil, private jets, massive executive pay. Was only supposed to a million -- a million dollars that can be deducted. They can pay them $20 million if they want but deduct a million. End it now. You know there are 1000 billionaires in America. You know what the average federal taxes for those billionaires? No. They're making great sacrifices. 8.2 percent. That's far less than the vast majority of Americans pay. No billionaire should pay a lower federal tax rate than a teacher or sanitation worker or a nurse.I proposed minimum tax for billionaires at 25 percent, just 25 percent. You know what that would raise? That would raise $500 billion over the next 10 years. And imagine what that could do for America. Imagine a future with affordable childcare, millions of families can get they need to go to work to help grow the economy. Imagine a future with paid leave, because no one should have to choose between working and taking care of a sick family member.Imagine, imagine the future of home care and elder care for people living with disabilities, so they can stay in their homes and family caregivers can finally get the pay they deserve. Tonight, let's all agree once again, to stand up for seniors. Many of my friends on the other side of I want to put Social Security on the chopping block. If anyone here tries to cut Social Security, Medicare or raise the retirement age, I will stop you.The working people -- the working people will build this country pay more into Social Security and millionaires and billionaires do, it's not fair. We have two ways to go. Republicans can cut Social Security and give more tax breaks to the wealthy. I will -- that's the proposal. Oh, no. You guys don't want another $2 trillion tax cut? I kind of thought that's what your plan was. Well, that's good to hear. You're not going to cut another $2 trillion for the super wealthy that's good to hear. I'll protect and strengthen Social Security and make the wealthy pay their fair share.Too many corporations raise prices to pad the profits, charging more and more for less and less. That's our -- it's cracking down on corporations engage in price gouging and deceptive pricing, from food to healthcare to housing. In fact, the snack companies think you won't notice if they change the size of the bag and put a hell of a lot fewer. Same, same size bag, put fewer chips in it. No, I'm not joking. It's called shrinkflation.Pass Bobby Casey's bill and stop this. I really mean it. You probably all saw that commercial on Snickers bars. You get -- you get charged the same amount and you got about; I don't know 10 percent fewer Snickers in it. Look, I'm also getting rid of junk fees, those hidden fees. At the end of your bill, they are there without your knowledge. Biden Administration announced we're cutting credit card late fees from $32 to $8.Banks and credit card companies are allowed to charge what it costs them to -- to instigate the collection. And that's more a hell of a lot like $8.30 some dollars. They don't like it. Credit card companies don't like it when I'm saving American families $20 billion year with all the junk fees, I'm eliminating. Folks at home, that's why the banks are so mad is $20 billion in profit. I'm not stopping there. My administration proposes rules to make cable, travel, utilities, online ticket sellers, tell you the total price up front so there are no surprises.It matters. It matters and so does this. In November, my team began serious negotiation with a bipartisan group of senators. The result was a bipartisan bill with the toughest set of border security reforms we've ever seen. Oh, you don't think so? Oh, you don't like that bill, huh? That conservatives got together and said was a good bill. I'll be darned. That's amazing. That bipartisan bill could hire 1500 more security agents and officers. 100 more immigration judges help tackle a backlog of 2 million cases, 4300 more asylum officers and new policies so they can resolve cases in six months instead of six years now.What are they against? 100 more high tech drug detection machines to significantly increase the ability to screen and stop vehicles smuggling fentanyl into America that's killing thousands of children. This bill would save lives and bring order to the border and will also give me and a new president new emergency authority temporarily shut down the border when the number of migrants at the border is overwhelming. The border patrol unions endorse bill, the Federal Chamber of Commerce, yeah, yeah, you're saying, oh, look at the facts. I know. I know you know how to read.I believe that given the opportunity through a majority in the House and Senate would endorse the bill as well as the majority right now. But unfortunately, politics has derailed this bill so far. I'm told my predecessor called members of Congress and the Senate to demand they block the bill. He feels, political win, he viewed it as a political win for me and political loser for him. It's not about him. It's not about me. I'd be a winner -- not really. I --AUDIENCE: (inaudible)BIDEN: Laken Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal. That's right. But how many of thousands of people are being killed by illegals. To her parents I say, my heart goes out to you having lost children myself. I understand. But look, if we change the dynamic at the border, people pay -- people -- people pay the smugglers 8000 bucks to get across the border. Because they know if they get by -- if they get by and let into the country, it's six to eight years before they have a hearing. And it's worth the taking the chance to the $8000.But -- but if it's only six months -- six weeks. The idea is it's highly unlikely that people will pay that money and come all that way knowing that they'll be able to be kicked out quickly. Folks, I would respectfully say to suggest my friend, my Republican friends and to the American people get this bill done, we need to act now.AUDIENCE: (inaudible)BIDEN: My predecessors are watching instead of paying, politics, and pressured members of Congress to block the bill, join me telling the Congress to pass it. We can do it together. But that, apparently here's what they will not do. I will not demonize immigrants saying they are poison in the blood of our country. I will not separate families. I will not ban people because of their faith. Unlike my predecessor on my first day in office, I introduced a comprehensive bill to fix our immigration system.Take a look at it as all these and more. Secure the border, provide a pathway to citizenship for dreamers and so much more. But unlike my predecessor I know who we are as Americans. We're the only nation in the world with the heart and soul that draws from old and new. Home to Native Americans and ancestors have been here for thousands of years, home to people of every play -- from every place on earth.They came freely, some chained by force. Some came when a famine struck like my ancestral family in Ireland, some to flee persecution. To chase dreams that aren't possible anywhere but here in America. That's America, and we all come from somewhere. But we're all Americans. Folks, it's simple choice, we can fight about fixing the border or we can fix it. I'm ready to fix it. Send me the border bill now.AUDIENCE: (inaudible)BIDEN: Transformational moment in history happened 58years -- 59 years ago today in Selma, Alabama. Hundreds of foot soldiers for justice march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, named after the grand dragon of the Ku Klux Klan to claim their fundamental right to vote. They were beaten, their bloody and left for dead. Our late friend and former colleague John Lewis was on that March. We miss him.Joining us tonight are other marchers both in the gallery and on the floor, including Bettie Mae Fikes known as the voice of Selma, the daughter of gospel singers and preachers. She sang songs of prayer and protest on that Bloody Sunday to help shape the nation's conscience. Five months later, the Voting Rights Act passed and was signed into law.Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. But 59 years later, for force has taken us back in time. Voter suppression, election subversion, unlimited dark money, extreme gerrymandering. John Lewis is a great friend to many of us here. But if you truly want to honor him, and all the heroes that have marched with him, then it's time to do more than talk. Pass the Freedom to Vote Act. The John Lewis Voting Right Act.And stop -- stop denying another core value of America, our diversity across American life. Banning books, it's wrong. Instead of erasing history, let's make history. I want to protect fundamental rights. Pass the Equality Act. And my message to transgender Americans, I have your back. Pass PRO Act for workers' rights. Raise the federal minimum wage because every worker has a right to a decent living more than a seven bucks an hour. We're also making history by confronting the climate crisis not denying it.I don't think any of you think there's no longer climate crisis. At least I hope you don't. I'm taking the most significant action ever on climate in the history of the world. I'm cutting our carbon emissions in half by 2030, creating tens of thousands of clean energy jobs like the IBEW work is building installing 500,000 electric vehicle charging stations. Conserving 30 percent of Americans lands and waters by 2030. Taking action on environmental justice fence line communities smothered by the legacy of pollution and pattern after the Peace Corps and America corps, I launched the climate corps to put 20,000 young people to work in the forefront of our clean energy future. I'll triple that number in a decade.To state the obvious, all Americans deserve the freedom to be safe. And America safer today than when I took office. A year before I took office murder rates went up 30 percent, 30 percent they went up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE (inaudible)BIDEN: The biggest increase in history. It was then through no -- through my American rescue plan which every American voted against, I might add. We made the largest investment in public safety ever. Last year, the murder rate showed the sharpest decrease in history. Violent Crime fell to one of its lowest levels in more than 50 years. But we have more to do. That's helped cities invest in more community police officers, more mental health workers, more community violence -- get communities to throw the crackdown on gun crime, retail crime and carjacking.Keep building trust as I've been doing by taking executive action for police reform and calling for it to be the law of the land. Directing my cabinet to review the federal classification of marijuana expunging thousands of convictions for the mere possession because no one should be jailed for simply using or have it on their record. Take on crimes of domestic violence. I'm ramping up the federal enforcement of the Violence Against Women Act that I proudly wrote when I was a senator. So we can finally, finally end the scourge against women in America.There are other kinds of violence I want to stop. With us tonight is Jazmin, whose nine-year-old sister Jackie was murdered with 21 classmates and teachers in elementary school in Uvalde, Texas. Very soon after that happened, Jill and I went to Uvalde for a couple of days. We spent hours and hours with each of the families. We heard their message. So everyone in this room in this chamber could hear the same message. The constant refrain and I was there for hours meeting with every family. They said, do something. Do something. Well, I did do something by establishing the first ever office of gun violence prevention in the White House that the Vice President is leading the charge. Thank you for doing that.Meanwhile -- meanwhile, my predecessor told the NRA, he's proud he did nothing on guns when he was president. After another shooting in Iowa recently, he said, when asked what to do about, he said just get over it. They were his quote, just get over it. I say, stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it.I'm proud we beat the NRA when I signed more significant gun safety law in nearly 30 years because of this Congress. We now must beat the NRA again. I'm demanding a ban on assault weapons and high capacity magazine. Pass universal background checks. None of this, none of this, I taught the second amendment for 12 years. None of this violates the Second Amendment, or vilifies responsible gun owners.You know, as we manage challenges at home, we're also managing crisis abroad, including in the Middle East. I know the last five months have been gut wrenching for so many people, with Israeli people, for the Palestinian people, and so many here in America. This crisis began on October 7, with a massacre by terrorist group called Hamas, as you all know. 1200 innocent people, women and girls, men and boys slaughtered after enduring sexual violence. The deadliest day for the Jewish people since the Holocaust and 250 hostages taken.Here in this chamber tonight are families whose loved ones are still being held by Hamas. I pledge to all the families that we will not rest until we bring every one of your loved ones home. We also -- we will also work round the clock to bring home Evan and Paul Americans been unjustly detained by the Russians and others around the world. Israel has a right to go after Hamas. Hamas ended this conflict by releasing hostages, laying down arms could end it by -- by releasing the hostages laying down arms and surrendering those responsible for October 7.But Israel has -- excuse me. Israel has an added burden because Hamas hides and operates among the civilian population like cowards, under hospitals, daycare centers and all the like. Israel will also has a fundamental responsibility, though, to protect innocent civilians in Gaza.This war has taken a greater toll on innocent civilians in all previous wars in Gaza combined. More than 30,000 Palestinians have been killed, most of whom are not Hamas. Thousands and thousands of innocent women and children, girls and boys also orphaned.Nearly 2 million more Palestinians under bombardment or displacement. Homes are destroyed, neighbors in rubble, cities are ruined. Families out of food, water and medicine. It's heartbreaking. I've been working nonstop to establish immediate ceasefire that will last for six weeks to get all the prisoners released, all the hostages released. To get the hostages home and ease the intolerable and end the humanitarian crisis and build toward an enduring a more -- something more enduring.United States is leading international efforts to get more humanitarian assistance to Gaza. Tonight, I'm directing the U.S. military to lead and merge the mission to establish a temporary pier in the Mediterranean on the coast of Gaza. So they can receive large shipments, canned food, water, medicine and temporary shelters. No U.S. boots will be on the ground. A temporary pier will enable a massive increase, the amount of humanitarian assistance getting into Gaza every day.Israel must do its part. Israel must allow more aid into Gaza. And sure humanitarian workers aren't caught in the crossfire. They're announcing they're going to -- they're going to -- at a crossing in northern Gaza. Leadership, to Israel, I say this; humanitarian assistance cannot be a secondary consideration, or a bargaining chip. Protecting and saving innocent lives has to be a priority. As we look to the future, the only real solution to the situation is a two state solution over time.And I say this as a lifelong supporter of Israel. My entire career, no one has a stronger record than I do. I challenge any of you here. I'm the only American president that visited Israel in war time but there is no other path that guarantees Israel's security and democracy. There is no other path that guarantees Palestinians can live in peace with -- with peace and dignity. And there's no other path that guarantees peace between Israel and all of its neighbors including Saudi Arabia with whom I'm talking.Creating stability in the Middle East also means containing the threat posed by Iran. That's why I build a coalition of more than a dozen countries to defend international shipping and freedom of navigation in the Red Sea. I have ordered strikes to degrade Houthi capability and defend U.S. forces in the region. As Commander in Chief, I will not hesitate to direct further measures to protect our people and our military personnel.For years, I've heard many more Republican and Democratic friends, say the Chinese is on the rise and America is falling behind. They've got it backwards. I've been saying it for over four years, even when I wasn't president, America's rising. We have the best economy in the world. And since I've come to office, our GDP is up, our trade deficit with China is down to the lowest point in over a decade. We're standing up against China's unfair economic practices. We're standing up for peace and stability across the Taiwan Straits.I've revitalized our partnership alliances in the Pacific, India, Australia, Japan, South Korea, Pacific islands. I've made sure that the most advanced American technology can't be used in China, not allowing to trade them there. Frankly, all the tough talk on China, it never occurred to my predecessor to do any of that. I want competition with China not conflict. We're in a stronger position to win the conflict of the 21st century against Shanghai than anyone else for that matter than any time as well.Here at home, I have signed over 400 bipartisan bills. There's more passed my unity agenda, strength the penalties on fentanyl trafficking. You don't want to do that. Pass bipartisan privacy that says to protect our children online. Harness -- harness the promise of AI to protect us from peril. Ban AI voice impersonations and more. And keep our truly sacred obligation to train and equip those we sent into harm's way and care for them and their families when they come home, and when they don't.That's why the strong support and help with Denis the VA, I signed the PACT Act. One of the most significant laws ever helping millions of Veterans exposed to toxins and who now are battling more than 100 different cancers. Many of them don't come home. But we owe them and their families support. We owe it to ourselves to keep supporting. Our new health research agency called ARPA-H to remind us -- remind us that we can do big things like end cancer as we know it, and we will.Let me close at this. Yay! I know you don't want to hear anymore, Lindsey. But I got to say a few more things. I know I may not look like it but I've been around a while. When you get to be my age, certain things become clearer than ever. I know the American story. Again and again, I've seen the contest between competing forces in the battle for the soul of our nation, between those who want to pull America back to the past and those who want to move America into the future. My lifetime has taught me to embrace freedom and democracy, a future based on core values that are defined America.Honesty, decency, dignity, equality, to respect everyone, to give everyone a fair shot. To get hate, no safe harbor. Now the people my age see differently. The American story of resentment, revenge and retribution, that's not me. I was born amid World War II when America stood for the freedom in the world. I grew up in Scranton, Pennsylvania and Claymont, Delaware among working class people who built this country. I watched in horror as two of my heroes, like many of you did, Dr. King and Bobby Kennedy were assassinated. And their legacy inspired me to pursue a career in service. I left a law firm, become a public defender because my city of Wilmington was the only city in America occupied by the National Guard after Dr. King was assassinated because of the riots.I became a county councilman, almost by accident. I got elected to the United States Senate when I had no intention of running at age 29. Then vice president to our first black president, now president to the first woman vice president.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: In my career I have been told I was too young.(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: By the way, they wouldn't let me on the Senate elevators for votes sometimes, not a joke. I have been told I am too old. Whether young or old I have always been known -- I have always known what endures. I have known our North Star. The very idea of America is that we are all created equal and deserve to be treated equally throughout our lives. We have never fully lived up to that idea, but we have never walked away from it either. And I won't walk away from it now.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: I am optimistic, I really am, I am optimistic, Nancy.CROWD: Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!BIDEN: My fellow Americans, the issues facing our nation is not how old we are. It's how old are our ideas.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: Hate, anger, revenge, retribution are the oldest ideas. But you can't lead America with ancient ideas that only take us back. You need America, the land of possibilities. You need a vision for the future and what can and should be done.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: Tonight, you have heard mine. I see a future where defending democracy, you don't diminish it. I see a future where we restore the right to choose and protect our freedoms, not take them away.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: I see a future for the middle class that finally has a fair shot and the wealthy paying their fair share in taxes. I see a future where we save the planet from the climate crisis and our country from gun violence.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: Above all, I see a future for all Americans. I see a country for all Americans. And I will always be president for all Americans, because I believe in America, I believe in you, the American people. You are the reason we have never been optimistic about our future than I am now. So let's build the future together, let's remember who we are. We are the United States of America.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: And there is nothing, nothing beyond our capacity when we act together.God bless you all, and may God protect our troops. Thank you, thank you, thank you.(APPLAUSE)BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: President Joe Biden delivering a State of the Union address lasting just about an hour and eight minutes. It started off a little differently. Protocol says the speaker of the House introduces the president with the words, "It's my high honor and privilege to introduce the president of the United States." Speaker Johnson was ready, but President Biden dove right into that speech straight away.He started with freedom and democracy under assault. He pointed to Russia on the march in Ukraine, calling for funding and weapons for Ukraine right off the bat. He called out his predecessor, former President Trump for, quote, bowing down to a Russian leader. From there President Biden went to the January 6th capitol right, calling it the greatest threat to our republic since the Civil War, and he said that threat remains. That was the first 12 paragraphs of this speech in what many political watchers are calling one of the most, if not the most partisan, rancorous State of the Union address they can remember.It took about 40 minutes to get to the issue of immigration, and really the exchange he wanted, Martha. The Democrats wanted energy tonight, they wanted fight. It was delivered in a fast, forceful, sometimes yelling away, at the end reaching the dismount that he said the idea of America is why he is optimistic about the future.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Yes, and he got in some comments there about his age, basically leaning on the wisdom that it has brought him. I think you are going to hear a lot of different takes on the delivery of this speech, as you mentioned, Bret. There were yelling moments, shouting moments, angry moments. He was cantankerous at times. He talked a lot about his predecessor. It felt very much like a campaign and battle speech. He talked over and over not really referring to him as former President Trump but his predecessor.But when he talked about immigration, which is the number one issue on the minds of Americans right now in many states across the country, he said I came into office with a comprehensive bill to fix it. But at the same time he overturned everything that was actually working in terms of the numbers by the prior administration. Then he says in November we came forward with this idea legislatively to fix all this. Well, that is three years into his administration.He talked about fentanyl problems, all of these issues, but really have not been addressed in forced until very recently when they start showing up and polling as being very problematic. It's interesting, I think that he didn't mention any executive orders that he could do on that issue with regard to remain in Mexico or catch and release. But he did say that he would use executive orders in a couple of other aspects. No talk about taking on cartel -- against police reform. That is where he said he would use executive orders when it came to police reform.He did mention Laken Riley, exchange back-and-forth with Marjorie Taylor Greene who was wearing a t-shirt that said "Say her name," did mention her name and sent condolences to the family. And then on Hamas and Israel which we can get into here, basically he said he supports Israel's right to fight but it is time for a six-week cease-fire. He mentioned bringing home Evan and Paul. Evan Gershkovich's family is in the House tonight. His mom and dad. He didn't say where they are being held, didn't say that they were held by Putin or Russia. So with that issue, obviously they have heated up a lot. Minnesota and Michigan places where he has lost votes to uncommitted, there was a big message for those places in terms of the way he was addressing the Palestinian issues.BAIER: Let's listen to some of this conversation.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You were on fire tonight.BIDEN: I kind of wish sometimes I was talking up there --(INAUDIBLE)BIDEN: I'm working real hard.(LAUGHTER)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You fired us all up. You did great.BAIER: A couple of the congressmen saying you were on fire tonight, somebody said fire in the hole. He was forceful.Let's bring in FOX News chief political analyst Brit Hume. Brit, your thoughts?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, I thought it was a good chance he would make a smoothly delivered, mistake-free, no blunders, no stumbling speech tonight. The theme of it, of course, was that the country is on a great comeback. For a speech about a comeback, he didn't seem very happy about it, did he? He seemed angry. There was plenty of stumbling and slurring of words and all of the rest of it that we have kind of associated with him and taken as a sign as of senility and his advancing age and the effect that it has on a person. So I don't think he got out from under that at all, and I'm not sure that a person sitting at home tonight looking at the guy would think that he was anything other than an angry old man.Now, if you are a partisan Democrat and you love all the programmatic stuff he talked about, that's fine. And I guess if Democrats are worried about him, and I guess they're glad to see him up there showing some energy, but I'm not sure it was the kind of energy the public would want to see a time like this in this country with people worried about so many things.BAIER: You see him exchanging with Senator Pat Leahy from Vermont, the former senator there. Brit, did you think you hit the points that he needed to hit tonight? We're talking about how it was delivered, but did he hit -- there wasn't a lot of unity. There was a lot of back-and-forth. Obviously Democrats ate it all up.HUME: These State of the Union address are often criticized for being too much of a laundry list of accomplishments and particularly a laundry list of programs and moves that you're going to make and so on. Well, he hit about everything you could hit. He went on and on and on. I recognize at an hour and eight minutes it doesn't come anywhere near to being the longest speech ever, but it may have just seemed that way. But it was very programmatic throughout most of it, and I am sure that if you look at different interest groups, everybody will find in some way or another their issue was discussed.But I still don't think that was the main thing tonight. I think the main thing tonight was how he personally came across at a time when people are worried about a whole range of issues and worried specifically and particularly about him and whether he is ready to go for another term when they have seen him seen him seem so halting and stumbling and, indeed, so very elderly that so many of them see that he is not ready to go another four years, if indeed he is ready to go now at all.MACCALLUM: And 72 percent say in recent polls that he is too old for another term. Let's talk about immigration more and whether or not this speech met the moment of the way that people are feeling in this country about the urgency and the crisis of this issue. And we are joined by Brandon Judd, president of the National Border Patrol Council. Brandon, no doubt you were listening to all of this. As Bret said, it took 40 minutes or so to get into the immigration issue. What did you think of what you heard tonight?BRANDON JUDD, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: First, I think that he slapped every American in the face. He didn't address what he could do. All he did was blame it on President Trump. But look, I have the opportunity to speak with President Trump. I know that the reason why he didn't support that bill has nothing to do with politics. It has everything to do with the president understands that from day one he can step into office to do a lot more than what that bill does.He also understands that if a bill were to be passed today, that there would be no appetite to pass a better bill when he is in office. So he looked at this and says I can do a lot more than this. I can actually hurt the country if I supported this bill, and that is why he doesn't. It has nothing to do with politics.Now, when you look at the reason that we support the bill is President Biden has put us in this situation. He has put us in the situation that we have never thought that we would ever be in. We are apprehending seven times more people than what we normally apprehend. We have more than ten times the got-aways than we have ever seen. We have got more fentanyl coming into this country than we have ever seen. We have got more dangerous criminals coming into this country than we have ever seen before. We have got terrorists on the terrorist watchlist that are coming into the country. He didn't address any of that.So he has put us in a position that we are going to accept anything that is better than the status quo, and that bill is better than the status quo. But the president disagrees with it because he understands that he can do more than what that bill would do. So it is completely disingenuous that he is talking about a border bill and putting it on Congress when he has the executive authority right now to do more than that border bill would ever do. But he is not going to do it because if he did something like that, he would be admitting that over the past years it has been his fault that we have this crisis at the border. So he didn't announce anything today that is actually going to help us secure the border. So that was a slap in the face of all Americans.BAIER: Brandon, he says in this beach the bill would save lives, bring order to the border. It would also give me as president new emergency authority to temporarily shut down the border when the number of migrants at the border is overwhelming. And then he points to your union endorsing the bill. So what you're saying is that is not the whole story?JUDD: Now, of course, it is not the whole story. But he never gives us the whole story. There are certain points, the reason that we supported the bill is because it's better than the status quo. What we wanted to see is we wanted to see it go to the floor to be debated, to have amendments put in there to make that bill much better. It is not the perfect bill. We have never said it was the perfect bill, but it is better than the status quo.But we have to look at, what can a president do right now? Does he have the authority to shut down the border right now? And he does, he does have that authority. He doesn't need legislation. Does he have the authority to surge asylum officers to the border? He does have that authority. Can he send immigration judges do the border today? He can do that. He has that authority. All he has to do is work with the DOJ to make that happen.There's a lot of things that he can do that he refuses to do because, again, he would be admitting that he is at fault for the last three years.BAIER: Brandon Judd, we appreciate your perspective on a big issue tonight. Thank you.JUDD: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Thank you for being with us.Let's bring in our panel once again. And let's start and get your reflections on what we heard tonight. We will go to Harold Ford Junior. Harold, your reaction to the president's speech?HAROLD FORD JR., FORMER TENNESSEE REPRESENTATIVE: So I think a couple of thanks. If you think about it from the way the Democrats and others thought about what he had to do, he had to reset his campaign. I think he was successful in that regard. There were those who thought, and I said I thought he should be cheerful and not so contentious. The jury is still out on that. I think he brought a lot of vigor, a lot of energy.And he started with foreign policy, which I thought was very interesting. I thought it was really an attempt, because it was unusual to start that way, to not to talk about the state of the union is strong. I thought it might have been an attempt to after some of the Haley voters, Haley voters who have been strong on foreign-policy, many of them who said they could not support President Trump.He went in an exhaustive and extensive list. He talked about the need for manufacturing semiconductor chips, lowering the cost of potato chips, fixing our broken borders and schools, standing up to Putin, a whole range of things. I think he felt like he needed to do that to demonstrate to a cross-section of Americans that he is able, he's ready, that not only his cognitive ability is strong but he understands the kinds of thanks that we need to do to make the nation stronger.There will be criticism of the speech, and I think some of it is fair, some of it is warranted. But I will tell you this, the border, he could've said a lot more about something about executive orders, but I've got to tell you, I thought he was particularly effective tonight, saying to the Congress that if we work together we can make this safer. Even Governor Abbott today when you had him on, he said Congress needs to act on this asylum process issue. So I thought this was a good speech and it was a good reset for him.BAIER: Dana, as we're watching him exit, and we should point out, last time it took him about 22 minutes to leave, we are going to hit the Republican response on time coming up, Katie Britt from Alabama. I do want to play sound 11, this is the back-and-forth with Marjorie Taylor Greene. She is wearing the shirt that says "Say her name," say Laken Riley. You listen really closely, he says Lincoln Riley, but he happens to be the USC football head coach. But take a listen to this exchange.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's not about him, it's not about me. I would be a winner not --(INAUDIBLE)(BOOS)BIDEN: Lincoln Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal, that's right. But how many thousands of people are being killed by legals? To her parents, I say my heart goes out to you having lost children myself. I understand.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: OK, Dana, your thoughts on all that?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS HOST: One, he was prepared for that moment. He knew it was coming, right. He got the name a little bit wrong. But the line that I thought was a little bit strange, but how many people are being killed by illegals.MACCALLUM: By legals.PERINO: Again, that part wasn't on prompter. But there was a couple times that the Republican's took the bait on a couple of things. One was on Trump tax cuts. Talking about tax cuts, I thought you wanted those tax cuts, right. I thought that was a little bit skillful. That was one of the moments where I can say I thought that was pretty good, and also on immigration.But I do think that this was a polarizing, divisive speech, and it was meant to be. He started the night by saying I'm going to will watch to see if they think that the problem that they have within the Democratic Party is a minor annoyance or a major crisis. I think because this was very much a base speech for the far left all the way, like the Bernie Sanders fair share, wealthy paying taxes, things like that. I think this is an everyone to their corners type of night, right. I think Katie Britt maybe more unifying than President Biden was. But he probably needed what he needed to do for the Democrats to not replace him at the convention.BAIER: By the way, the contrast is going to be big. The oldest president that we have ever had to the youngest female senator we have ever had. She will be speaking Alabama from a kitchen table. John, your thoughts?JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: I think Dana is one of the most brilliant people I know, particularly when it comes to political observation. And this was, it was yelling, it was a rancorous, it probably turned a lot of people off if they are right-leaning independents or Republicans. But I am just going to predict that when the reviews come in on this in places like "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post" and "The National Review" and MSNBC and other left-leaning outlets, they are going to say that this was the most brilliant State of the Union that he has ever given, because he needed a political resurrection tonight. He went into this with the lowest approval rating of his presidency in a FOX News poll. He was underwater on every, every major issue, and underwater far enough that he needed to be at least breathing nitrox if not heliox in order to survive. He was that far underwater.Lower approval rating then Trump, Obama, and Bush 43 had at this point in their term, and 72 percent, as Martha pointed out earlier, people saying that they are dissatisfied with the direction of this country. So I think from that standpoint with the Democratic Party, he probably erased a lot of concerns that people had that he's too old. And so many people in the Democratic Party or saying that.I thought it was kind of unusual, though, when he went after the Supreme Court. I have not seen a president do that in the State of the Union address. But for all intents and purposes, this could have been a campaign speech out on the trail, as opposed to --MACCALLUM: Obama went after the Supreme Court years ago had a little back- and-forth with Alito. I think that's the only the time that we have seen something like that. I do want to --ROBERTS: I'm getting old. My memory is getting bad.MACCALLUM: We want to bring in Kevin McCarthy, the former Speaker of the House. Tell us your reflections on what we saw tonight? I would love to also hear what you think about what he said about foreign-policy. He talked very tough on Ukraine, spoke out about Hamas going into Israel. But many of his critics will say that these things might not have happened if he had been a little stronger initially.REP. KEVIN MCCARTHY, (R-CA) FORMER HOUSE SPEAKER: I think foreign-policy, I've been talking American public the whole time. There are three big issues that he had to answer -- his age, the border, and the economy. I think he only did one on the economy. I think when it came to age, he tried to show this vigor, and I think he came across angry. And I think it put more doubt in people's mind on his pronunciation and others going through.When it came to, if you analyze the speech at all, this campaign is really worried about their base. They weren't speaking to the independents or to the Nikki Haley voters. If they were they would have felt pretty secure about where they are going in. This is really a campaign speech trying to get the Democratic Party there, which I think he missed a big opportunity as well.BAIER: Just Democrats piping up online, some prominent Democrats, he came out swinging. He is back in it, to your point, that is the message that Democrats are sending out tonight.We're going to be back with the Republican response from Alabama Senator Katie Britt. We're going to take a very short break here as the president exits the hall. The State of the Union address here on FOX News Channel.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Welcome back. Let's go, as the president is still shaking hands. Aishah Hasnie watching all this from Capitol Hill. Aishah?AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi guys. We're waiting for the GOP response from Senator Katie Britt, a freshman from Alabama. And she's going to checkmark all of the boxes for the GOP. She is the youngest female senator, Republican senator ever. She's also a mom from Alabama at the center of this IVF issue. She's going to talk about the border very hard, some tough language ahead.BAIER: OK, Aishah, thanks so much.As you watch President Biden make his way out of the chamber, you were going to say, quickly, Harold, that you thought this hit the moment for the Democrats.FORD: Because no president has ever given a State of the Union and had has his opponent known already. We know it's Donald Trump. And in no time has the president given a State of the Union where the opponent is tweeting live time while he's going. So the politics of the speech, I wish it wasn't as evident, as John suggested, but we are living in a moment where politics, unfortunately, is gripping the moment.BAIER: Speaking of the moment, we are going to take you to Montgomery, Alabama. And the contrast is big. This is always a tough thing to do, because you don't have a hall, a House chamber filled with lawmakers cheering. This is actually in a kitchen, at a kitchen table where we will find Senator Katie Britt. She is set to give the Republican response to the State of the Union. The senator from Alabama with the response.SEN. KATIE BRITT, (R-AL): Good evening, America. My name is Katie Britt, and I had the honor of serving the people of the great state of Alabama in the United States Senate. However, that's not the job that matters most. I am a proud wife and mom of two school-age kids. My daughter Bennett and my son Ridgeway are why I ran for the Senate. I'm worried about their future and the future of children in every corner of our nation. And that's why I invited you into our home tonight.Like so many families across America, my husband Wesley and I just watched President Biden's State of the Union address from our living room, and what we saw was a performance of a permanent politician who has actually been in office for longer than I have been alive. One thing was quite clear, though. President Biden just doesn't get it. He is out of touch. Under his administration, families are worse off, our communities are less safe, and our country is less secure. I just wish he understood what real families are facing around kitchen tables just like this one.This is where our family has tough conversations. It's where we make hard decisions. It's where we share the good, the bad, and the ugly of our days. It's where we laugh together, and it's where we hold each other's hands and pray for God's guidance. And many nights, to be honest, it's where Wesley and I worry.I know we are not alone. And so tonight, the American family needs to have a tough conversation, because the truth is we are all worried about the future of our nation. The country we know and love seems to be slipping away, and it feels like the next generation will have fewer opportunities and less freedoms than we did. I worry my own children may not even get a shot at living their American dreams.My American dream allowed me, the daughter of two small business owners from rural Enterprise, Alabama, to be elected to the United States Senate at the age of 40. Growing up, sweeping the floor at my dad's hardware store and cleaning the bathroom and my mom's dance studio, I never could have imagined what my story would entail. To think about what the American dream can do across just one generation and just one lifetime, it's truly breathtaking.But right now, the American dream is turned into a nightmare for so many families. The true, unvarnished state of our union begins and ends with this -- our families are hurting. Our country can do better. And you don't have to look any further than the crisis at our southern border to see it. President Biden inherited the most secure border of all time. But minutes after taking office, he suspended all deportations, he halted construction of the border wall, and he announced a plan to give amnesty to millions. We know that President Biden didn't just create this border crisis, he invited it with 94 executive actions in his first 100 days.When I took office, I took a different approach. I travelled to the Del Rio sector of Texas. That's where I spoke to a woman who shared her story with me. She had been sex-trafficked by the cartels starting at the age of 12. She told me not just that she was raped every day, but how many times a day she was raped. The cartels put her on a mattress in a shoebox of a room and they sent men through that door over and over again for hours and hours on end. We wouldn't be OK with this happening in a third world country. This is the United States of America, and it is past time, in my opinion, that we start acting like it.President Biden's border policies are a disgrace. This crisis is despicable. And the truth is it is almost entirely preventable. From fentanyl poisonings to horrific murders, there are empty chairs tonight at kitchen tables just like this one because of President Biden's senseless border policies.Just think about Laken Riley. In my neighboring state of Georgia, this beautiful, 22-year-old nursing student went out on the job one morning. But she never got the opportunity to return home. She was brutally murdered by one of the millions of illegal border crossers President Biden chose to release into our homeland. As a mom, I can't quit thinking about this. This could have been my daughter.