NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: incredibly momentous evening event, the State of the Union Address. Bret Baier, Martha MacCallum will be doing the honors.But again, what's at stake for the president, maybe not quite what it was in years past but it is a moving event. And it is a big crowd and a lot at stake for him and the nation. THE FIVE is now.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone, I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in Washington, D.C. and New York City and this is THE FIVE.All right, coming up, the big Biden reset coming to a television near you, the commander-in-chief gearing up for a State of the Union Address tonight, tweeting out this image of him reviewing his notes, which appear to be short and choppy sentences two at a time and in big bold font. But hey, you should see our notes.The president aiming to rehab his image of someone who is fit for the highest office in the land and not an elderly man with a poor memory as written in a recent Special Counsel report.So, with multiple crises at home and abroad, the president has a lot of convincing to do, especially with a public who has lost faith in his ability to handle at all.Only 20 percent of Americans say that they are extremely or very confident when it comes to his mental capacity for the presidency. This could be why he's consulting his famous friends who played presidents in Hollywood movies for advice on what people want to hear.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Some of you might know what a big speech like I have to do is coming up, the State of the Union. Any advice you have for me in my delivering of my speech?MORGAN FREEMAN, ACTOR: Well, sir, in my capacity as president, all I had to deal with was a meteor.GEENA DAVIS, ACTRESS: There's no crying in politics.BIDEN: Well, what I hope is my politics doesn't make anybody else cry.MICHAEL DOUGLAS, ACTOR: And don't forget to save a dance for the first lady in the East Room.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: The president's (INAUDIBLE) team also out in full force hyping him up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: He's done more in the last three years, Willie, than most presidents have been able to do in their first -- in their two terms.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You're going to see the president in fighting form talking about what he's accomplished for the American people.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, I think you'll see a lot of energy from the president. That's the kind of energy you saw last year. That's kind of energy I see every day when I'm working with the president.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: How big of a risk is it if he were to stumble tonight?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, look, I think, you know, everybody is -- there's always in these moments a desire to focus on the distractions, du jour, the president is focused on one thing, and that's communicating clearly his vision for the country to the American people.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And the mainstream media, they're always good for a pep talk. The New York Times out this -- with this headline, a beefed up image of the president calling for dark Brandon in the house, and others are also cheering him on.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: F.U. if you can't handle the truth, this version of Biden intellectually, analytically, is the best Biden ever. Not a close second, and I've known him for years.JOY BEHAR, ABC NEWS HOST: You know, Biden trips, he stutters, but he gets things done. And he's rational, even if he makes a mistake.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Greg Gutfeld, kind of a lot to take. What do you think about all that?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Watching the media try to force-feed dark Brandon on the public is hilarious. Dark Brandon is what they call his laundry basket.By the way, how can you call this a reset? It's a little late in the game for that. Because you can't roll back the odometer, you know, on this lemon. You can't reboot a Commodore 64.I mean, you could unplug him and then plug them back in. But then you risk losing everything. I think when a person says repeatedly that he has a lot of energy, he has a lot of energy. That means he doesn't have any energy at all, that's a tell.Biden is like an old iPhone that never gets over 10 percent. When he's charged, there's no signal, when there's a signal, there's no charge.And it's great to watch the media pretend that it's the opposite. There's this palpable sense of nervousness leading up to this. It reminds me of the hour when I was a kid, the hours leading up to an Evel Knievel jump, you know, will he make it? Will he survive? Will he crash and burn? The only difference is Evel Knievel was taking a deliberate and calculated risk. They're just hoping Joe Biden, you know, crosses the floor.As for getting advice from the T.V. presidents. Are we sure that Joe knew that those weren't real presidents? But they do have a lot in common, they take direction from other people really, really well.The bottom line is the Dems are just hoping they get him off the lot. He's like a used car, they need to get them out there and just not fall on his face. And then you can bet that the media is going to say it's a raving success.PERINO: And zero percent loan for your financing.Jesse, I kind of love the idea that Joe Biden who apparently is the most successful president ever in the history of the world, if you listen to the White House, taking advice from the fake president from "Scandal".JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's Joe, he needs these highly produced well-choreographed celebrity-laden productions to generate the buzz he's not able to generate naturally, he's limp.And so, they bring in A-listers who are past their prime, no offense, Michael Douglas, I love you to then generate any sort of action on the internet. And that's fine. They have to do what they have to do. But we all know what this is, it's window dressing, there is no reset. He is 80 years old. We've known him his whole life. This is his third year.Reset? You're banking on Joe Biden, the worst orator in the history of presidential politics to come out with this magical moment in front of millions of people and then reset the course of the trajectory of his presidency? Joe Biden? He can't talk. And he has bad speech writers.And even worse, Dana, he has bad policies. Nothing he's done has helped the American people and nothing he's said about what he's done has helped.So, you're telling me tonight, they're going to concoct this brilliant turn of phrase, and the American people are going to say, aha, yes, you're right, Biden, everything is good. You have helped me, it's impossible.And you even go back, Dana, to all of the amazing speeches that media says that Joe Biden has delivered where it's the dark Brandon, the one in Union Square, all of these major viciously partisan, wicked speeches. Have they helped his approval rating? No. Have they changed the way the American people think about his policies? No, he's never shown any ability to give a big speech and change at all the direction of his campaign.So, you can't rely on this. I'd like to hear what his vision is for a second term. He was asked about what his vision was on a late night show, he couldn't even articulate it. He said his vision was the same vision they had in the 2020 campaign, which was about COVID.So, I don't know what he's going to say tonight. I know, the Democrats are nervous. I'm like, Greg, he's putting the evil in Evel Knievel.PERINO: Judge, I think that you'll hear a lot of rosy commentary about jobs and the economy to Jesse's point about making this idea that 72 percent of the country thinks it's on the wrong track. And he will try to say, but actually, look, jobs are good, and the economy is good, and everything's getting better. And that -- I don't know if that can actually meet the moment of where people are tonight.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Well, I think that he's going to try to convince us that things are better, obviously, than what most Americans think. And the fact that his approval rating is in the 30s. And the fact that 70 percent of Americans don't think the man should run again.You know, there's nothing that he's going to say tonight that's going to change anything. The truth is that, you know, I feel badly for the -- for the Democrats Tomorrow morning who are going to have to defend whatever speech he's giving tonight and saying it was great, it was wonderful.And by the way, I don't expect him to stutter, because I've never really heard him stutter in the last few years. I've heard a lot of mumbling, seen a lot of tripping.But you know, I think Americans have to ask themselves, you know, what is it about tonight that makes it things so special? You know, why is the State of the Union, that one speech that we all get together and listen to because you know, it's going to give us hope, for the next year.And I don't know if there's anything he can say. And you know, they're going to talk about the people that are in the audience tonight. I'll tell you who's not going to be in the audience tonight. Laken Riley is not going to be in the audience tonight. The state trooper was killed by an illegal yesterday is not going to be in the audience tonight. The 13 soldiers in that open air -- airport in Afghanistan won't be. The families of thousands of Americans who died from his open border disaster, who died from fentanyl.And so, he's going to try to paint this rosy picture and, you know, say the economy is great. Well, here's the bottom line. The truth is that food and gas prices aren't even included in inflation. So, when they try to argue the economy is great. Americans are going to say wait a minute, this is all I can afford this week, and there's nothing that he's going to be able to say to change it. Unless as Jesse says, it's one of those dark speeches where, you know, he's got people around him saying how horrible the MAGA people are, although, you know, we understand he's not going to say the name Trump, and then he changed his mind. And he is going to say the name Trump. I mean, who knows what's going to happen there.But in the end, I think it's going to be blaming the Republicans for all things bad and not taking responsibility for the state of America today.PERINO: A lot of the coverage Herald leading up to this has been about some of the smaller issues. And I know the White House thinks that junk fees is a good one. And maybe it is, who knows? I don't know, I've not sat in on the focus groups.But some of the bigger issues, it doesn't sound like the White House is really going to tackle those as much. And also, I would like to say, we would like to have you back around the table. But right now, we're not around a table, before you can say it.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's good to be in a box with everybody. Winning -- I got a little different opinion but I'm going to -- I'm going to watch the speech, I don't disagree with a lot of the kind of tone and thinking that he's going to have to say more than not to get people to understand that he deserves four more years.I'd say three things quickly, one, the reelection campaign starts tonight for the president. Two, this is the one of the two biggest audiences the president will have between now and the election, the second being when he accepts the Democratic nomination on Chicago, when the party gives him that. All the networks will cover like they're doing tonight.He has taken a real responsibility and obligation tonight to be more cheerful than contentious, to be more optimistic than ominous. I would agree with the Judge. The dark stuff I don't think Americans want to see because they are here because they're dealing with so many challenges in their day-to-day lives.I think he's going to draw contrast between his accomplishments and values between he and President Trump. And as Jesse I think, aptly said and rightly said, what does another four years look like if the country gives President Biden that four years that he's going to begin asking for in the most overt and open of ways this evening?I do expect him as Dana, you've said over the last few days, I think he will talk about some contrast with what he wants from Congress around border security and Ukraine funding and even funding of Israel. We saw today that the White House announced that they're going to build a port that will help deliver a better and --PERINO: Yes, that seems to be not going over very well, though, Harold.FORD JR.: Well, I think when you look -- when you think about what happened in Michigan and Pennsylvania, and some of the -- what Democrats trying to consolidate the base, I think the president believes that it's the right thing. And I think he made me believe from a humanitarian standpoint, it's the right thing to do.But I do hope if he does criticize Republicans for not being with him on the border and other things, I hope he shares what he's willing to compromise on, what he's willing to give and what he's willing to sign.I know there may be some reservations around a table about this may be too late on the border, maybe too late on Ukraine, maybe too late on crime. But I'm just a different -- a different thinker about this. I don't care if you were my biggest opponent, nine days out of 10. If you can come around in the 10th day, I want you there. And I'm hopeful the president again will be cheerful about it tonight, and be optimistic as he shares his vision for the country.PERINO: I can't imagine like the leader of Hamas, who is hiding in the tunnels thinking, wow, this is amazing. Just five months ago, we went and murdered a bunch of people, raped a bunch of women, have all these people hostages, including Americans and we're going to get a port out of the State of the Union. Fabulous.All right, coming up. Donald Trump will be trying to steal a spotlight from President Biden tonight. We'll tell you what he's got up his sleeve.And don't miss special coverage of the State of the Union Address. It starts at 9:00 p.m. Eastern tonight. It's anchored by Bret Baier and Martha MacCallum right here on Fox and that's why Harold and I, and everybody else are in a box. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's Joe Biden's big night, but his 2024 opponent is ready to steal the show. Donald Trump announcing that he will be doing a real-time fact check on the president saying, "I am pleased to inform you that we will be doing a live play-by-play of crooked Joe Biden State of the Union Address." Trump is also giving this preview of what you can expect tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Joe Biden is on the run from his record, and lying like crazy to try and escape accountability for the horrific devastation he and his party have created. It's time to tell crooked Joe Biden, you're fired.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Donald Trump continues to rattle the Biden campaign. According to a new report, Joe's advisors hope the State of the Union speech can cure Americans have what they call, Trump amnesia.All right, Dana, I'll go to you first, how do you feel about the former president doing a play-by-play tonight?PERINO: So, I have mixed feelings. On the one hand, I love that they came up with something fresh and different. And a way to make sure that the media is going to have to cover his point of view.But also, he's doing it in a way that utilizes the method where people can get direct information right from him. A lot of -- a lot of people will be doing live fact checks tonight.So, I think that it's creative. I also think that in some ways, he could have waited and done a response as well, right?Like, Katie Britt from Alabama do the Republican response. She's a beautiful, fresh face. She's going to do a great job tonight.But then, maybe President Trump could say, I know that Joe is in bed already. But I'm here to give you a speech at 11:15 at night.The other reason I'm just having mixed emotions is you know the phrase from Napoleon that when your enemy is in the process of destroying himself, let him do it.And by inserting himself into the story tonight, rather than just letting the chips fall where they may, for an evening, I don't know if -- I just thought it's a risk. It's a gamble. That's why I'm of two minds. But I don't have to make any decisions. I just get to talk about it.PIRRO: All right, Greg, The New York Times says that many of us are suffering from Trump amnesia. Do you -- are you suffering from that?GUTFELD: No, I will never forget the cheaper prices, the fact that there weren't any wars, I would like to forget the media derangement. How can we forget that though?Dana almost convinced me that it might not be a good idea, but I'm going to go ahead and say it is a good idea, even though she might have convinced me otherwise, Trump is going to correct Biden, because no one else will, right?Since 2021, all of these heroic fact-checkers went on hiatus, right, because they declared victory over big orange. And there was no way they were going to fact-check their guy. So, they all went away.So, now you're going to see scores of fact-checkers fact-checking Trump as he's fact-checking Biden and it's going to be hilarious, all these lowly bloggers out there finally flexing their muscles of accuracy, unaware of their own absence for the past three years.Again, Trump is kind of doing what the mainstream media won't do. He's puncturing the veil, you know, telling on the media who won't be telling you the truth. And I think it's kind of -- it's kind of like Mystery Science Theater for presidents. You know, the other -- the other guy is actually watching you. And, you know, tweeting or what is it called? True thing?WATTERS: Sure.GUTFELD: Thanks, Jesse for that backup. You weren't even listening to me. Anyway.WATTERS: What?GUTFELD: That's it for me.PIRRO: All right. I'll go to you, Harold. Trump yesterday pushed Biden to debate him. If you were on Biden's campaign team, would you tell them to debate and do it immediately?FORD JR.: I would, I think Jesse and you Judge, you miss me being in the middle of you guys there? You miss both of us being there.PIRRO: We do.FORD JR.: The couple of things. I think -- I think that Dana's largely right. I don't know if I would employ this strategy if I were former President Trump.But I got to tell you, what it goes to show is that this campaign is fully started. We're going to have this kind of back and forth between these guys for a long, long time.And if I were Republican in that chamber night, a member of Congress or a member of the Senate, I would wish that the president -- I probably agree with Dana on this, I'd wish he would not do it. Because Katie Britt, I think has a real opportunity to be a breath of fresh air.I think one of the key issues that Republicans have to be mindful of in this national race, and no need me to tell you this or tell our viewers this, is how women's health and reproductive rights are going to be perceived.And my understanding based on what little intelligence I have, that Senator Britt is going to talk a little bit about that and give not only a fresh face, but a smart face in a new voice to that.So, I'd probably wait If I were him in that room, in that chamber, I'd probably wished the president when distract that with the back and forth on Truth Social.PIRRO: All right, Jesse. Last year, Biden in the State of the Union spent something like 79 seconds on the issue of immigration in a speech that was an hour and 13 minutes. What do you think is going to happen this time?WATTERS: He's going to blame Republicans for his own open border, and the Democrats are going to clap and the Republicans are going to roll their eyes and everybody watching at home knows the truth.I want you guys to take a test. If you didn't watch any news during the four years of Trump, didn't watch any news of the four years of Joe Biden, which four years was more chaotic in your life?And he under Biden, you have -- you have crime. You have migration, you have high prices, you have baby formula problems, supply chain problems. He kept schools closed for like two years.What was so chaotic under Donald Trump? There was peace and prosperity. The only chaos was in the brains of the left.PIRRO: Right.WATTERS: They were creating the chaos with these ridiculous Russia investigations. We didn't fall for it. They were hysterical about it.So, what was happening during Donald Trump? He was tweeting when reporters were asleep, so what? He fired a few people, so what? Milania wore a coat with a message on it, so what?That doesn't affect anyone's life. Your lives had been thrown into chaos the last four years because of Biden's policies. That's what people need to remember.PIRRO: OK. Coming up, it was racist when Republicans wanted it. But now Democrats are sending in the troops to fight crime.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: From defund to sending the troops, stunning video from New York City shows National Guard troops checking bags one by one. It's all part of New York Governor Kathy Hochul's was effort to crack down on crime by deploying 1,000 National Guard troops and police to help beef up security in the subways.Republican Senator Tom Cotton is pointing out the irony. Back in 2020, liberal critics of his slammed his New York Times op-ed calling for troops to help quell the George Floyd riots. Not everybody is loving the back checks. And Governor Hochul is giving them some tough love.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What happens if you don't want your back searched?GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): Then go home. You can -- we're not going to search you and you can say no, but you're not taking the subway. Guess where are these individuals are positioned? Right near the turnstiles. Go ahead.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Greg, you know, we have been critical of her and Mayor Adams at times. What do you think about this idea? And do you think it can work or will work?GUTFELD: Well, we're searching everybody's bags because everybody's scared of being accused of profiling, so it's just all B.S. Here's why I think we got the National Guard. Remember when Tucker said how much Moscow subways were better than New York City's? And people are pissed off because you can get that kind of subway at the cost of freedom. You just live under a police state.Well, the point for me is a little scarier. Isn't that where we're headed now deliberately that if you let things get so bad which is the aim of Progressives who love control so that we will willingly sacrifice our freedom and rights for safety. Because we can't trust the local government anymore to preserve our freedom from harm, we'll accept a police state that will reduce freedom in order to reduce harm.How did we get there? How did we get to the point where we need National Guard? We injected the moral hysteria of identity politics into basic law and order. Crime should not be political. Now it is. You take an objective truth, cops arrest robbers. Now, that became oppressors attack the oppressed.Since the George Floyd riots and afterwards, we dismantled everything. No more -- no more bail. No more stop and frisk. No arrests for felons or felonies, the emptying of prisons. We were no longer able to rely on a free society to protect a free people because the criminal were now free. Now you got the National Guard. So, it's kind of strange how progressives talk about being compassionate about people but really what it's about is putting us into a police state.FORD JR.: Judge, you know, we've been critical -- I hear Greg but as someone I take the subway probably once a day, I like the idea of it being safer. What are your thoughts about this?PIRRO: Well, you know, you think about it, Harold, most New Yorkers and most people on their way to work are late, right? They're in a rush. They're late.GUTFELD: Exactly.PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: Everybody is in a rush to get to work. Now, we've got 1,000 National Guard in the subway. Now let's think about this. A thousand National Guard member, two years ago in 2022, Kathy Hochul, our governor, said crime and is a fiction of the imagination, that we are all data deniers, right? Two weeks ago, the President comes out he says crime is lower than it's been in 50 years. Now, we've got a police state in the subways.Now, I'm a prosecutor. You know, law enforcement is my blood and I you know, I like protecting people. But at the same time, you know, what you're doing is because of your failed policies you are literally imprisoning New Yorkers just like the consumers. Everything we want to buy is behind plexiglass. And we got to make sure we can get somebody to get the toothpaste out.Now, we've got the people in the subways, they have to wait for 25 people ahead of them to get their bags checked when all they need do is not to defunded the police in the first place. All they need do, and this is the Democrats, they decided that what they wanted to do was eliminate cash bail with this bull nonsense that we need to let everybody out on bail, we can't incarcerate anybody. You can -- you can be arrested nine times, we're going to let you out.So, in the end what has happened because of their failed policies, we're paying the price. They're stupid and they don't know what they're doing.FORD JR.: Dana, I hear the passion but I don't -- I don't understand. And I they're my -- they're my friends. I just don't understand the rational. We can't go backwards, so how do we make the subway safer? This seems to me to be an effort to make the subway safer.PERINO: Well, actually, no. I mean, you could because you could go back to actually prosecuting the crimes and counting those crimes. I mean, that is actually how you do it. I take the subway too.FORD JR.: I think that's great.PERINO: Let me tell you something. The guy who pushes the woman in front of the train that kills her, he doesn't have anything in his bag.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: And the guy that pees in the subway car because he's drunk, he doesn't have anything in his bag. He doesn't have bags. I have a bag because I got to carry my stuff around. The mom carrying the two bags of groceries home on the subway --PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: That is it's just crazy. And also, I think that this is awesome. You -- in fact, I think it was Jessica just the other week, she was saying, but if you look at the data the crime is down. You have a president of the United States about to go give a State of the Union Address, this is the most important speech of his life, and the governor of New York sends in the National Guard.Remember when Senator Cotton wrote an op-ed in the New York Times suggesting maybe we should think about the National Guard for you know, the riots that were happening all across the country? And that broke the New York Times. It has never recovered. In fact, we now have the Free Press by Barry Weiss partly because of all of the things that were happening there and that were exposed.And now, the governor of New York says you know what, let's take people who train to be in our military and put them downstairs in the subway because we can't get Alvin Bragg to prosecute crime. There is something in her power. I don't think it's going backwards. I think it would be a very progressive move and that she has the power to do it. And that would be to fire Alvin Bragg and send a message.FORD JR.: Jesse, you have the same view. Again, I want to be clear, I like them being there because I think it will make it less likely someone will shove me or grab me or for that matter my kids but who -- I could be wrong about it. Jesse, what are your thoughts?WATTERS: You would like them there, you socialist, you communist. Of course, the Democrats want a police state in the subway. I'm not surprised, Harold. Yes, let's have every military member in the state with a gun standing outside bag checking everyone that goes to work. Yes, that's a great idea, Harold, so you feel safe. How about you just prosecute crime? You don't need a show of force in the subway. You need to show a force in the courts, buddy.PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: Let me tell you this. You see this video? There was a pudgy Asian man with glasses in a Patagonia jacket. He gets pulled aside for a bag check. The next thing you know, another Asian girl comes down with a $200 bag and a nice pleather jacket, she gets pulled out for a bag check. What are we doing you're looking for mentally ill people with no bags that you can tell her off. That's who you want to look at not workers, Harold. God, you exasperate me.GUTFELD: No, Harold, Harold, there is a compromise here between this, and that is -- I agree with you. I like seeing the National Guard there, but they should not be checking bags. It's a simple thing. Don't check the bags. Check the people.WATTERS: He want see men in uniform. That's why.GUTFELD: I do like to see men in uniform.PIRRO: Think of Danny Penny, what he had to do to defend people on a moving subway car. And now all of a sudden, they want to put National Guards.GUTFELD: Now they love the military.WATTERS: Put Pennys in the subway. That's what we want.FORD JR.: I hope we're able to analyze this and see if crime drops into Subways and then maybe we can view this little differently or maybe not.PIRRO: It will --FORD JR.: Coming up, a $24.00 burger. Social media is blowing up over a pricey Five Guys receipt.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The state of the economy is inflated. Joe Biden will do his best to spin the issue that's done a number on America's pocketbooks but first he'll have to do battle against the $24.00 burger. A Five Guys receipt ripping up social media sparking outrage after a guy paid $24.00 for just your average bacon cheeseburger, small fries, and soda.Judge Jeanine, I know you're a burger lover. $24.00, I think the actual bacon cheeseburger was $13.00.PIRRO: Well, here's the thing. Apparently, the cheeseburger went up in 2020 from $8.69, '21 to $10.89, '24 to 11.72, so it's not that dramatic. But here's the thing. Joe wants to blame everybody but himself. And the fact that he put more money into, you know, the -- into handouts that he basically ruined the economy, and now he's trying to pick on everybody and except himself. And he wants to raise the taxes on everybody, he wants the corporate taxes now to go up to I think it's 21 percent from 15 percent.And by the way, if you're worth more than I think $100 million, 25 percent on you. I mean, everybody's at fault but Joe Biden.WATTERS: Dana, fries $5.00. I remember when fries were a dollar.PERINO: Yes, I'd say it's worth it. I'll allow it. I think the fries are worth it. So, what President Biden wants to say is that Bidenomics is great and that shrinkflation is just the cause of greedy corporations when in fact it's not Bidenomics versus shrinkflation. Shrinkflation is because of Bidenomics.And I don't see many people in the box tonight from -- that like a franchise owner of a small business, right, a fast food restaurant, that would actually talk about the energy costs that have gone up, the regulations that have gone up, the unions that have gone up that have all led to this moment where you have people having to pay you know $13.00 for a delicious burger.WATTERS: Yes, maybe the Republicans, Harold, could invite the Hamburglar to sit next to them as their guest.PERINO: Next to Cookie Monster?WATTERS: Next to Cookie Monster.FORD JR.: Look, I've had a good guy's burger. They're good burgers. They are a little pricey even before all this as the judge said. I'm more of a single with cheese from Wendy's and those numbers hadn't gone up that much. I love fries with them but I gave up fries for lent. I can't wait for Good Friday so I can have it again.But having said all that, I do think that to Dana's point I think that's going to be a big part of how President Trump runs against President Biden talking about these prices. I will say that if we find ourselves at Memorial Day and gas prices are more muted than they are today, and food prices are more muted -- I think the Judge at the outset in our first segment talked about how food and gas and energy prices are not included when we look at inflation. If those numbers are starting to stabilize or come down, that's always a good indicator uh for an incumbent president running for reelection.WATTERS: Greg, as someone who probably survived on fast food in their 20s, did you ever think you'd see the day where you get a burger, fries, and a soda for $24.00?GUTFELD: It's a tragedy. Five Guys is now down to three guys. They had to let go of two of them. One is at -- one is homeless and the other one had to move back home with his parents. It's a tragedy. It really is. Maybe this is an obvious point but I'm -- I started -- when I was doing -- well, when I pretended to do research for the story, wasn't Joe Biden lying about this story?Remember he was talking about ice cream. He was talking about ice cream. How do you shrink ice cream in size? Like, don't they -- they come in a pint.WATTERS: Right.GUTFELD: It's like how do you shrink a pint. And then when you open up a pint or a half gallon, it's always filled to the surface. Do you think he they hollowed it out from the inside? I mean, the guy is so full of crap. No wonder he's called Dark Brandon.By the way, I have a really stupid question and I'm saying that it's stupid because it just occurred to me. How do you pay corporate taxes when a corporation is a thing, right? Corporations are people, so every person there pays taxes. How does a corporation pay taxes? I'm not a corporation. But did you see my point? It's like, isn't that like -- don't people pay taxes? Things -- do things pay taxes? I think this is unconstitutional. Has anybody --PERINO: That's why corporations have the right to make political speech.PIRRO: That's right.GUTFELD: Interesting. Thank you, Dana.PIRRO: But I have a question. I have a question, Dana. The thing that I'm interested in is he claims that all of the shrinkflation like your potato chips that you always eat, Harold.FORD JR.: Yes.PIRRO: They don't change. Even though there's fewer things on the inside, they don't change the calories. You know, they don't change those numbers.PERINO: Right.PIRRO: Did you ever think about that? They should be forced to change that. Thank you very much.PERINO: Yes, great point.GUTFELD: The only thing shrinking is our wallets, Jesse.WATTERS: Yes.FORD JR.: I can't wait to have chips again either because I gave those up for Lent also.PERINO: I'm going to deduct 20 percent of all calories from here on out.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: OK. Good conversation, everybody.GUTFELD: Not really.WATTERS: Really thoughtful.Ahead, North Face having a killer sale right now. You get 20 percent off to renounce your white privilege.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Outdoor clothing brand North Face is offering a 20 percent discount to shoppers but only if they pass Woke 101. The hourlong course claims Black people can't enjoy the great outdoors because of systemic racism and oppression. It also teaches that White people can't experience racism. And the company says that they are standing by their DEI quiz.Harold, I go to you for no reason in particular. How much of this is propelled by White Liberal guilt from the executives who know the only people who buy their stuff is,. dare I say it, evil White folk.FORD JR.: I don't know but I know this. I like North Face products. I'm thinking about taking a trip to London in a few weeks. Everybody should give me their sizes. I'm going take the class and see what it's about, and I'll bring everybody a jacket back and we'll call it even.GUTFELD: Well, that was a non-answer. Dana, is the outdoors racist? Is Mother Nature a bigot?PERINO: I think so. Yes. I think that you've really hit upon something, Greg, that is profound. I hope that Joe Biden addresses this tonight because as you know, that is only second in terms of the most important issue, and that would be climate change.GUTFELD: Exactly. And as we know, extreme weather hits minorities hardest.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: According to the New York Times, Judge. So, they're trying to export DEI to the consumer which I suppose is better than destroying a company from within with DEI. But I'm sure they're doing that too.PIRRO: Well, the thing that I don't understand is why don't they just give away the jackets? You know, if they -- if you have to actually have a lecture in order to get a 20 percent discount, I mean, maybe you should force Black people to pay full price because they already know the lecture, you know. I mean, think about the psychology --FORD JR.: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.PIRRO: You know --FORD JR.: Come on.PIRRO: Because they know the message. And the thing is, I looked up the executive team of North Face, they're all White guys. I mean, they're consumed of White guilt. I mean, get over it. They should change their name to White Face.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Instead of North Face. Now, they're red-faced. Jesse, should you get a discount if you offer to be brainwashed?WATTERS: It depends on how much the discount is.GUTFELD: Would you -- would you lie and say you took the class?WATTERS: Just for a discount?GUTFELD: Yes, you would.WATTERS: Probably not. Probably not. Not at North Face. Maybe somewhere else though. I do a lot of hiking, maybe two to three times a week. I don't see that many Black people but I also don't see that many people at all. I feel like I'm the only one hiking.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: And I would encourage everyone of every race, creed, or color to come join me in my travels. I go to nature preserves. I go to historical sites. I go off the --PERINO: I want to come, Jesse.WATTERS: You can come, Dana.FORD JR.: This sounds like a Fox Nation special.GUTFELD: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.PIRRO: Wait a minute.GUTFELD: Wait a minute, Dana. What's the number one most important fact I ever told you about hiking, Dana?WATTERS: Like, Jesse could kill me and get away with it.GUTFELD: Yes, it's the number one way to dispose of a spouse or friend is through hiking.PERINO: That's true.GUTFELD: Because there's no phone service.WATTERS: All right, Greg, in that case, I'll see you next week.GUTFELD: Well, that's it then. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.PERINO: Nice knowing you.GUTFELD: Yes.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time for "ONE MORE THING." Hey, Greg!GUTFELD: All right, let's do this. Greg's Sexy Manatee News.PIRRO: Oh, I can't stand this already.GUTFELD: He puts the man in manatee. Check out this lovely little creature. Yes, this mess -- this mesmerizing manatee will twirl for just about anyone. Twirling for its sardines, trying to seduce a diver in Gainesville, Florida. The sultry mammal knows what you like and is willing to deliver at any time of day. But my advice to you always be on top. It's a heavy, heavy, heavy mammal. Look at that. Goodbye, little mammal!PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Goodbye, Greg!PIRRO: That's so cute.PERINO: Harold.FORD JR.: These Liberty Mutual commercials are starting to get a little bit out of hand. A Colorado Sheriff's deputy apprehended an emu who had run away. It was a rather calm pursuit considering the flightless birds can weigh 150 pounds and run at 30 miles per hour. But the deputy used their contain and capture procedure to safely move the federalized fugitive into the closest fence residential yard. A neighbor recognized a bird where his name -- whose name is Buddy in real life and help return him to his owner.WATTERS: That's a banned chokehold. It seems racist tonight.PERINO: Peter had to save emu in Bayhead one day.PIRRO: That's amazing.PERINO: Hey, if you like a Golden Retriever, check out this Golden Dog Farm in Vermont. You can play with 10 golden retrievers at a time. It cost $75.00. You can get all sorts of pictures with them. I mean, this is a great way to make some memories right there, the Golden Dog Farm in Vermont. Judge?PIRRO: Yes, you can come to my house for free and look at my dogs. Anyway, after responding to a noise complaint call Saturday night, two Washington State Police officers soon found themselves in the middle of a party. They joined the crowd for one more song before shutting down the large family gathering. And by the way, that's how we used to shut down my parties.PERINO: It's pretty fun. Jesse, I'll be on your show tonight.WATTERS: I was -- I was going to announce where I was going to be on my book tour, and Greg's sexy manatee news really ate into my time.PIRRO: But it's worth it.PERINO: That's it for us, everyone. Have a great night! We'll see you on special coverage. Hey, Bret!