SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: In the meantime, let not your hearts be troubled. Greg Gutfeld, he is standing by, sitting actually, to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes. Yes. Yes. Happy Wednesday, everyone. Let's get to it. So, gambling websites still have Donald Trump favored to win the election. But, Joe Biden has closed the gap in recent weeks. Also, in a close race with Biden, this guy.On Monday, Iowa's victory over LSU set a TV ratings record for women's college basketball, oh good, maybe it'll help those girls find good husbands. A (BEEP) would say.A bearded transathlete was suspended from a female rowing team for leering at a topless girl in the changing room. He said, it was all a misunderstanding. He was just trying to stare at her breast to get rid of his (BEEP).That was a great joke. Thank you. I will take the applause. I had to force it out of them. A physically healthy 28-year-old Dutch woman has decided to legally end her life due to her struggles with depression.Evidently, she came to the conclusion after reading a new book. California's minimum wage increase has forced Starbucks to raise prices in the state. Yep, now, you'll have to pay more to get the same exact diarrhea.Come on. That's -- that happens. Planters is looking for someone to drive their nut mobile. I do it, but the pay is peanuts. That's for your grandma. Little folksy humor.One out of four Gen Z taxpayers say they'll need a therapist to deal with the stress of tax season. I'm just happy one out of four Gen Z are taxpayers. Ah, what can I say? All right. Yeah.Alec Baldwin turned 66 today. How was he able to reach that age in apparent good health? Well, he cites a healthy diet, regular exercise and not getting shot to death by a careless actor.Scotland introduced the new law where anyone who calls trans people by their actual gender could face seven years in prison, because in Scotland, it's the man who wears the skirt.Finally, Shakira said, her two sons hated the Barbie movie because it was emasculating. What do they see? Ken without pants. All right. Glad, we got that out of the way.So, here in New York, police arrested eight illegal aliens on charges of attempted murder, drugs, theft, trespassing, and child endangerment. And while that sounds like the usual big city mayhem, or a typical flight on spirit air, what happened to after, shows you why you get a whole lot of crime, and when you take away the punishment.Cops on a gun run in The Bronx saw a man standing in a driveway, pointing a pistol at another man. They chased the perp into the home's basement, where a subsequent search warrant netted (ph) cocaine, ketamine, and four more guns.There was also a seven-year-old child living there. I doubt those guns and drugs were the kids, but if they were, he is so grounded. As it turns out, the occupants were illegals from Venezuela, squatters with the landlord had been in court trying to evict.The cops arrested all of them, including the original perp, who had an open attempted murder case. Another was out on bail on a loaded gun charge.Suffice to say, this was not a meeting of Oprah's Book Club. But before you could shout to fund the cops three times in a mirror, the judge cut loose six of the thugs, including the man who was out on the previous gun charge.As of now, at least six of the squatters are back in the basement. Fortunately, students at Vanderbilt are already delivering them tampons.So, it's the same question I asked when I wake up and a Port Authority restroom, how did we get here? When the hell are Democrats going to finally admit that they got a problem, and it's them?Look no further than Carl Heastie, the Head of the New York State Assembly. Heastie was the one of the so-called brains behind New York's bail reforms, which have been emulated across the nation that have been universally successful, if your metric is body count.This guy has more blood on his hands than Doogie Howser after an 18-hour shift. Heastie recently shot down a proposal for a law strengthening penalties against those who attacked retail workers.Quote, I just don't believe raising penalties is ever a deterrent on crime. Heastie said that with a straight and chinless face. So, if there really is a Mount Olympus of stupid, I think we found our Zeus. This guy believes punishing wrongdoers.Does it work? Where does he get his research? It's human nature, denying the reality of consequences because you don't believe a deterrence, it's like, denying intelligence because you're (BEEP) stupid.Was he ever a kid? If his parents never slapped him then, can we asked them to slap him now? Does he not realize that even animals train their young away from bad behavior through punishment? Hell, even single-cell blobs recoil from discomforts.The phrase F around and find out is not just an expression, it's life. If someone continues to do bad things, they eventually face the consequences. Even the craziest of street crazies know this. That's why they never try to push someone the size of Tyrus in front of the subway.They're not that crazy. Heastie the continued, quote, if you just keep dealing with the penalties, what happens after people get arrested, you're still worrying about what happens after something has already happened.Yet, what happens is easy to see for anyone who doesn't sleep with their head inside a dry cleaning bag, the dirtbags in jail, where he can't commit more crimes. And aspiring dirtbags see that and think, you know, I don't want to be in jail either.I heard they have substandard Wi-Fi. But in this (BEEP) mind, why should victims get upset when their attackers are freed? The crime already happened.Look, we all know there are people out there, just incapable of rational thought. But the fact the fact -- the fact that this guy -- the fact that this guy is one of the most powerful people in New York State, has me contemplating migrating myself to Venezuela, or even Chicago.In the mainstream media, of course, the story received about as much coverage as that thong I wore at Liber Archie's funeral. But if there's no disincentive for this behavior, it will only go further. No penalties for invading the border, no penalties for gun possession, for robbery, assault, or slinging dope.Who do these guys have to miss gender to face jail time? So, while the rest of us are held captive to progressive delusions about crime and no punishment, rest assured, there are many who see no problem here.And applying the same logic now to kids. In Boston, legislation is being proposed by racial justice advocates to stop suspending misbehaving students. Sam Adams must be turning over in his keg.So, let's translate that. Let's teach kids as early as possible that bad behavior has no consequences. It sounds bad, but, I guess in today's world, they're just getting prepared for life under Democrats.Let's welcome tonight's guests. For April Fools, his ex-wife said she wanted him back; comedian Jamie Lissow. Mr. Clean called and said, he wanted his head back; former Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker.She's lean, Christine, and gets mistaken for a teen; New York Times bestselling author and Fox News Contributor, Kat Timpf. And, his arms aren't allowed through TSA checkpoints; New York Times bestselling author and comedian, and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus.You know, Jamie, I have to ask you, in the world of incentives and disincentives, you weren't -- you were homeless, and you didn't resort to squatting.JAMIE LISSOW, ACTOR AND COMEDIAN: That's right.GUTFELD: You follow the law. Why did you do that?LISSOW: I would squat just to use a bathroom. But never would I go into someone's house.GUTFELD: Oh, nice of you.LISSOW: This guy is so wrong, harsh punishment does deter. Behavior is just a fact, like, I would never get married again. You know what? I think, it does get a little bit, like, I was a psychia -- I was a psychology major, and I remember -- I remember learning about B.F. Skinner.By the way, if you're a psychology major, you can -- you know, there are options you could become a comedian or you could go back to school. But, like -- you -- like, I think that having no deterrent whatsoever -- I think you could make a criminal out of someone that wasn't going to be a criminal. Like, if you said, like, oh, Lululemon, you can steal from there.I think someone that was never going to do it might go like, I'm just going to -- I'm going to steal, like, I -- on the other end, I think, it's a little more foggy, but I think it could -- I mean, I was at a Target the other day, and I was sitting on the bench on from the Target, and I saw a man steal a, three boxes that were a desktop computer, just ran out, just like, you hear about happening.I saw it happen. And he ran out with a -- by the way, that's how you know when someone's stealing something, if they're running with a desktop computer, like, you're not even supposed to walk --GUTFELD: Yeah.LISSOW: -- with a desktop computer. And he ran outside and I immediately got my phone, and I was like, I'm going to record this, and like, get views or whatever. And if people see what's going on, and the guy selling the computer, gave me a look that, like, scared the life out of me.Like, I was like, oh my God, what if he has a gun, like what am I -- who cares if they steal? And when I took my phone, I -- and I stopped him, like, I was recording, and I picked it up, and I was like, hey, man, they're giving away free computers at Target.I just pretended, it was like, a sale. But I do believe that even this guy, I saw, might not have done it, if he didn't know --GUTFELD: Yeah.LISSOW: -- that you could just, like, get away, like --GUTFELD: That was a really long story.LISSOW: Yeah. It's just --GUTFELD: Or a moderate to mild payoff.LISSOW: Yeah. I would argue maybe -- maybe no (BEEP) payoff. And it does make me mad that people get free stuff from Lululemon. And this stuff is so expensive.Like, I bought a pair of just comfortable pants ago. They were, like $120, they're so comfortable -- they're so comfortable that I feel like I'm at an age where I -- like, I don't think about getting into other girls pants anymore. I just can't wait to get into my own pants.GUTFELD: Okay. All right. Matt, that was, you know what? He's trying.MATTHEW GEORGE WHITAKER, FORMER ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL: It was cathartic for him anyway. And what he borrowed was pants ever though.GUTFELD: So, Mr. Whitaker, what is it about the left that rejects the idea of incentives and consequences, because these feel like principles. They're like first principles. They're like almost born in you.WHITAKER: They are. And they're also making it much harder for law enforcement to do their job. I mean, if you think about this revolving door in some of these places, like New York, where, you know, these gentlemen that were squatting, let's call them gentleman, one of them had a prior attempted murder --GUTFELD: Yes.WHITAKER: where they just couldn't prove the case on him because the person that he shot wouldn't cooperate with law enforcement. Another one had, you know, a prior gun charge, a pending gun charge, was let out.And then, the -- buried in that story was, the landlord was having a hard time kicking them out from squatting because they had been in there longer than 30 days.GUTFELD: Yeah.WHITAKER: I mean, what -- and meanwhile, all of the, you know, razors are behind glass, and much of in the convenience stores here in New York, it's insane. I don't know how anybody lives here. You know, thank God, I can go back to Des Moines, Iowa, after this.GUTFELD: Yeah. Oh, wait, so you're not going to be staying at my place tonight.WHITAKER: No.GUTFELD: I got that fold-out bed for you, Matt.WHITAKER: It's very comfortable, but it's not my size.GUTFELD: I know, nothing is your size, you big lug. All right, Kat. So, I want to go back to -- my question about this rejection of incentives. Okay. So, I imagined, when a left winger drives to his left wing think tank, he would probably take the shortest safest route, because anything else would lead to consequences.Why is it they suspend the common sense of real life when it comes to something more important, which is life or death?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think that incentives play a role in all of this, right? Even when people come here in the first place, I think that we wouldn't have this issue if we didn't just give free things to people who come here.And the 30-day -- like, can we just stop that?GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Like, there's anybody who like that, except people who are squatting in homes.GUTFELD: These are pro squatting laws.TIMPF: Yeah. It's absolutely -- and these people are also very, very stupid. Like, I'm all for the Second Amendment, but I don't think they take on safety very seriously at his home, because this stuff they found, okay, like, they're doing powerful, hallucinogenic, dissociative drugs around a bunch of loaded weapons. You got to be stupid to do that. Very dumb.GUTFELD: Yes. I would go out on a limb and say, that is not being safety conscious.TIMPF: They wouldn't even bring that up in a gun course, because they'd assume that you knew that.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Chapter seven, if you're high.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Yes. Don't --GUTFELD: Don't play with your gun.TIMPF: If you don't do ketamine around three loaded guns.GUTFELD: Yes. You know, Tyrus, the irony is, we have no consequences for people who believe there are no consequences.TYRUS: Well, here's -- I've been -- because we've -- we've -- this was a horse we'd a shot at already, but --GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: -- here we -- here we -- here we go. What I think we have here is a failure to communicate because of, we have two very different philosophies. We believe in the system to keep people from eating each other.The left seems to think that system is the bad guy, and the human beings are good, and they just need a chance, so, we'll take away all the rules. I invite them to try the same thinking at the zoo. You see the poor silverback gorilla sitting in his cage, and he's angry and throwing stuff around, its's not him.It says, environment. So, have -- let's go with Bragg, the D.A., have him bring, said gorilla, home with him and see how it goes?GUTFELD: Yes.TYRU: So, when both his arms are ripped out of his socket, then, he'll be like, you know what? I think these gorillas are dangerous. It's not the zoo. So, the same thing is happening here, where they think people are good until they show up at their house with a hammer.Then all of a sudden, we need to change the law. The guy in Oregon, the Governor of Oregon was like, oh boy, he changed, you know why? Because it was his (BEEP) they were going after when he checked (ph), I'm going to go outside and talk to them.No matter what I say, don't let me in. He was worse than Gene Wilder, like, open or (BEEP) get me out, you people are crazy. Human beings are bad, horrible.And that's why we have laws in place, and Bibles in place, and parents in place to try to keep them from being horrible, because humans eat each other, rape each other, rob each other, at the drop of a hat.I don't know why we're like this, but it's part of who we are, and laws are the only thing they keep it, like, I get upset at people, I think, man, Jamie's joke bothered me about pence. I'm going to choke him for a while, but I won't do it, because I know I'm going to jail for that (BEEP).But if I hear tomorrow, that choking is my right to press black men, oh, you're about to get turtlenecks and neck guards. So, this is --GUTFELD: Thank God for laws, Jamie.TYRUS: Yeah.GUTFELD: Up next, Michael Avenatti, blast the anti-Trump lobby.(VIDEO PLAYING)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: You're going to love this. You are going to love this. A sleaze ball making sense, coming to Donald's defense. Well, slap my face and call me stormy. Michael Avenatti is actually defending Donald Trump's right to free speech.Avenatti, who was serving time for cheating clients out of millions, spoke up about the injustice of the justice system when it comes to Trump. Quote, we can't be hypocrites when it comes to the First Amendment.It is outrageous that Cohen and Daniels can do countless TV interviews, post on social, and make money on bogus documentaries all by talking (BEEP) about Trump. But he's gagged and threatened with jail if he responds.Avenatti posted that on the X platform, which raises the question, how? Do they have phones in jail? Was it smuggled inside another inmate (BEEP)? I'm asking for a friend.When you remember Avenatti represented porn star Stormy Daniels in her suit against Trump before he went to jail. He rose to media stardom by trolling Trump relentlessly, but now, he's changed, and defending his arch nemesis.It's like me suddenly switching sides and defending, kill me. It would -- it's not supposed to happen. In that post, Avenatti was referring to the expanded gag order that blocks Trump from speaking about the family with the Judge in his hush money trial.The family, aka the Judge's adult daughter, who runs a progressive political consulting firm that has raised $93 million off the case. Nope, no red flag here, ladies and gentlemen.That's less a coincidence than Jesse forgetting his wallet whenever the bill comes. I ended up paying for both hookers. Yep.TYRUS: Jesus.GUTFELd: There you got the media defending the Judge's daughter saying, she's no different than Barron Trump, that she's off limits because she's a child. Yes, a child, a child in her 30s, who -- whose firm raises millions of law fair directed at Trump in which her dad is a judge.What is it with libs? They think actual children can make decisions about removing their genitals. But, actual adults are fragile babies and capable of handling any criticism, instead, criticism is an attack.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This all comes after Trump's relentless attacks on Judge Merchan and his daughter.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And of course, that's the trial where Donald Trump has been attacking the Judge's daughter by name.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The goal in trying to attack the Judge's daughter, to me, is all about him trying to get out of having that Judge preside over the case.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It also comes in the wake of repeated attacks and ongoing ones by Trump on the Judge, his daughter.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It's amazing. You call someone a Democrat, and they consider that an attack. I guess, I can't blame them. I would too.Is what -- is Trump doing anything wrong by speaking out? I mean, is he doing anything wrong?WHITAKER: No, the daughter was clearly in the game of politics, was making, you know, making money as you point out, but this Judge also donated to Joe Biden's campaign in 2020.And, Trump has some experience with these New York judges. I mean, he already got screwed by the civil case.GUTFELD: Yeah.WHITAKER: And so, I completely understand why he wants to fight. And in the fact that Avenatti, who was no fan of Trump and was allegedly going to run for President as a Democrat, is now somehow tweeting from prison, which is, like to your point, amazing --GUTFELD: Yeah.WHITAKER: -- that he could do that. But it's somehow defending the President's right to speak, he should be able to speak, he should be able to make sure people understand how much corruption and unfairness is, is in the system here in New York.GUTFELD: Yeah. You know, Kat, this is such a great story. A) it's about the First Amendment, but also it's about how a ban has changed. Avenatti, they could do a buddy film together, to Trump and Avenatti together.TIMPF: No. I mean, why is he doing this really? I mean, is it because he really just cares so much about, like, the rule of law? He's in federal prison, for a reason.GUTFELD: But maybe he -- maybe he's changed.TIMPF: Maybe? I think there's a -- yeah, exactly. I think there's a lot of incentive to act as if maybe he did change. I think there's obvious First Amendment concerns here, but for him to come out and do that, he has some kind of angle. He did -- he always has some kind of angle.GUTFELD: And you're cynical?TIMPF: Oh, because I don't trust that this slimy scumbag in federal prison might have an ulterior motive.GUTFELD: Prison -- prison can change people. Look, what it did to kill need. You know, before he went to jail for killing that family, he was an odd dude. Granted, he was 16 and that was unsealed, oh, I shouldn't have said that.TYRUS: We can fix it in edit.TIMPF: Everything was stormy, it was clearly about -- I mean, she's probably watching this, like, man, he really is not a good lawyer, for me. But, that was all about attention, a lot of this was about attention, he lot being on TV. I do think this is about attention.TYRUS: Oh, he's -- listen, he doesn't give a rat's (BEEP) about anybody. Okay. He is the -- he is the definition of most sleaziest lawyer. We watched commercials where he had people complaining about him stealing their money, and he used their videos for himself.Like this guy just sees an opportunity. He's no different than any other. They made money with Trump. They didn't have an issue with Trump. They saw an opportunity.He became so famous that, remember Stelter was, like blushing like a schoolgirl, like, oh my god, you're going to be President, and people love you. And he was robbing from people in wheelchairs.This -- but because there was an opportunity, you say, Trump's name, you can make money. You mentioned -- I can't remember the guy's name anymore, what was the name of that reporter?GUTFELD: Stelter?TYRUS: No, the other one, the one that was always like getting yelled at him.GUTFELD: Oh, (inaudible).TYRUS: (inaudible) yeah, I can't remember that. And his name is assault, (inaudible). But, they made so much money off the Trump train. So now, they're looking at the way the world is changing, and it goes from, hey, I voted for Trump, but don't tell anybody.Now it's like, Trump, (inaudible) I'm with Trump. So he's seen -- that he's like, hey, I mean, I can get on that. And to your point, maybe if I do this right, he was like, I get a pardon. So, he's looking at the angles.GUTFELD: To those --TYRUS: That's what he is.GUTFELD: Interesting, Jamie. Still, the argument is a sound one. Why do you lose your freedom of speech just because you're involved in a court battle?LISSOW: I don't know, man. The -- what's really got me confounded here is, I keep thinking about what you said, like, how did he get that phone. If it was brought in from another inmate's (BEEP), why -- why doesn't that guy get it?GUTFELD: I don't know. That's a good question.LISSOW: He'd done all the work. If you know me, my ex-wife paid me hush money once, and I go, what's the secret you want me to keep? And she goes, I just want you to shut the (BEEP) up. Is it a good -- it's good not to be a criminal though, right?GUTFELD: Right.LISSOW: Steel stuff, be in jail for like 24 hours. You can tweet from jail, you know, like, I can't remember last time I got surprised (BEEP). You know, a good time.GUTFELD: Yeah.LISSOW: We don't -- and we don't know the whole thing with stormy -- how rich is Trump by the way that he's watching a pornographic movie, and he's like, bring me that one. I'll order her. Like it's the shopping network. I don't know.GUTFELD: I don't know either.TYRUS: I wouldn't stop laughing.(CROSSTALK)LISSOW: Yeah, he goes, I want that one. When they go out there, she just shows up.GUTFELD: Yeah. That's a great idea.LISSOW: Yeah, the whole thing is, I don't know -- I -- we don't know -- to be truthful, we don't know what happened if he actually did it or not, right. Yeah, he did it. But we don't know. Like, we have no way of knowing whether or not he actually did it, he -- I would have done it.GUTFELD: All right. We got to move on, Jamie. Up next, how Amazon's shopping AI was a big fat lie. Amazing story.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Creep, creep, creep, creep, creep of the week.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: All right, tonight's creep of the week, Amazon for replacing workers with overseas lurkers. Do you remember Amazon's much ballyhooed just walk out technology used in its Amazon fresh stores. It allowed people to show and leave the store while skipping the checkout line? Now it's closing down, and you'll never guess why.First, here's how Amazon claimed it worked. You scan a QR code when you enter, then cameras and sensors track what you leave with, and you get charged accordingly. Amazon touted this as a step forward in A.I., but it turns out it was all B.S. According to a report, it actually relied on over 1,000 real people in India scanning the camera feeds to ensure accurate checkouts. In other words, instead of hiring five American cashiers, they just outsourced them. Although I have to say it's pretty cool that some guy in New Delhi knows my brand ointment.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But it raises some key concerns. What if tech companies told you things were automated and it's just some dude in Bangladesh? Larry Kudlow is going to freak out. He has eight sex robots. Wait till he finds out they are all the same dude named Amir (ph).(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, does this make you wonder if there's other supposedly A.I. tech out there, but it's like fake A.I.TIMPF: This is so creepy. And also just what a dumb idea to begin with.GUTFELD: It is a dumb idea.TIMPF: Nobody really enjoys going to the store and waiting in line and having to get all your stuff, but I would much prefer it to being known that I was being watched the entire time that I'm there. That is crazy. It's creepy. It's weird, because when you're in the grocery store, you feel like you're alone. There's people around but you feel like you are by yourself.GUTFELD: I do a lot of nose-picking there.TIMPF: I feel that's you.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: But I just don't understand how ideas like this actually get through. What we're going to do is overseas there's going to be 1,000 -- it's a solution in search of the problem. It's not that bad.TYRUS: Yes. You know Tyrus, it is kind of creepy that nobody knew. They could've told us.Who thinks that? I wonder if there's a bunch of guys in Idea watching us. Unless you're on Indian television, then there's a good change they probably are.Listen, I disagree with Kat a little bit. I enjoy grocery shopping. It's my great escape. I go to my little fresh market and I see my butcher. He's like, how you doing, boss? And how was the game? And I'm never alone because I usually of a small band of elderly, old women behind me trying to get hugs. And of course, if something is really high on the shelf, Tyrus. But that's who I am. I enjoy that aspect of it.But the one thing I will not tolerate is a machine checkout. If I see a machine checkout, I'll be like, no, where's the people at? Because, one, I don't want to contribute to people losing their jobs with these things. and it's personal. Part of the whole social thing is you get in line with the checkers. She asked you how your week's going, and you say horrible as usual. They say whatever, you have coupons. You know I do. It's like a whole thing, and you get to know each other. And they don't get mad at you when you eat grapes out of the bag. There's a lot of -- you know I'm saying?GUTFELD: I do like shopping. I do like shopping.TYRUS: Grocery shopping is fun.GUTFELD: It is. But you have an edge because you're so big you can eat whatever you want. Me as a little guy, I have to be picky.Jamie, this might be a way for you to do standup. You could tell jokes at the checkout because you're guaranteed six or seven people in India are watching.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: That's very true. I was immediately mad that they stole the name of my standup tour, just walk out.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: I don't know. Two things. I like the idea of it when I think about when you buy something embarrassing. Say you're buying condoms, and then you go no one is watching me. But now I've got 1,000 guys in India laughing at me. I'm a self checkout guy.TYRUS: They're not laughing at you. They're going, whoa, he gets women. This dude's awesome. Let's join his cult.LISSOW: What's he doing with those.TYRUS: Those are awesome. Listen, if you're getting paid to watch people live their life, you're not scoring.LISSOW: Who is he shopping for? I do like self checkout because it's a great way to save money. You can make anything a banana if you want to.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's true.LISSOW: You know what would be so great, though? Wouldn't it be awesome if you didn't know you were in an Amazon Go and a thief went in and stole a bunch of stuff, and then two days later just got a receipt for it.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: Won't that be amazing? You could get your kleptomania out of the way but still get charged.GUTFELD: That's a good point.Whitaker, this seems to me that this is an invasion of privacy, because you were not aware you are being watched. It's almost like back when you would go use dressing rooms and there would be a two-way mirror and they wouldn't tell you there's a two-way mirror. So you do stuff there, you had no idea.MATTHEW WHITAKER, FORMER ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yes, I think it boils down to an expectation of privacy, but I would also say, this is a reverse glitch in the matrix, because we haven't come that far from the "Wizard of Oz" where there is a guy behind the curtain. Actually, there is no artificial intelligence. It's just 1,000 guys in India.And the other thing I would say to my good friend Tyrus, you've got to watch those grapes before you eat them.TYRUS: That's what the mystery is for.WHITAKER: Monkeys and all sorts of animals have done all sorts of horrible things to those grapes.GUTFELD: Wouldn't it be amazing if the Internet was like an entire planet of billion people who are just getting information for you? we thought it was algorithms and digital -- it's just people running around, like it's a giant library. It's like you're going to Google, I want to know when "Gutfeld!" is going to be in the next city for a live show, and somebody is like running in India.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Think about it.Coming up, they keep a straight face injecting trans sports with race. That's a crazy idea.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE) GUTFELD: No men with girls -- racist. Oh, Tyrus, this is amazing. The National Organization for Women, NOW, blasted female athletes on X posting "Repeat after us, weaponizing womanhood against other women is white supremacist patriarchy at work. Making people believe there isn't enough space for transwomen in sports is white supremacist patriarchy at work." That is amazing. This is why women shouldn't run organizations.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's called NOW. It's a joke.TYRUS: You and me at the car dealership right now, I'm not cosigning.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Put it in your pocket, almost there. The clap, that is -- with hands. Not the other --(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Listen, I don't know, when I was growing up, they just called somebody being a bitch. Somebody, just talking about them. The stuff that they connect on is unbelievable. It's not white racism for women to have a problem with jacked men pretending to be women stealing all the gold and competing against girls. That's not a racist thing. That's a genetic thing. That has nothing to do with it. But no one cares about that conversation. You drop those magic words, "white privilege" and "racism" and everybody goes you're right, and back up.What I'm seeing now is, thank God white people are getting sick of this -- They're like no, no. You can call me racist all you want to, but 6'8 Tyrus with the wig is not going to be competing against my daughter in a weightlifting contest. That's ridiculous. I'm glad to see --Here's the problem. There is a place for trans athletes to compete, but needs to be with their gender.GUTFELD: Exactly.(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: Because I think if a transgender athlete competes against biological men and wins, isn't that a great moment?GUTFELD: Yes, that's absolutely. You're a hero instead of a villain.TYRUS: It's not fair. But at the same time everyone's talking about it. And I just think it crosses the line. Just make it a gender thing. If you don't have an argument, you know it because they'll say it's white and racist and that's how you know they don't have an argument.GUTFELD: Jamie, Lia Thomas, the male swimmer who says he's female is a white male, so I don't know how this is going -- I don't get it. He also failed, as a swimmer, he failed the test for PEDs, which is performance- enhancing dingus.LISSOW: Yes. I don't think you should be able to compete in women's swimming if when you win you get an erection. Like if they hang the gold medal on your penis, perhaps, you shouldn't have competed in the first place. If they tell you to do the backstroke and you lay down on the bed with lotion.TIMPF: What you think a swim meet is like, exactly?(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: I don't know. She's got balls.GUTFELD: She does have balls. You done?LISSOW: Yes, I think so.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: National Organization for Women is now favoring men who are taking the place of women.WHITAKER: Women and girls to compete and be the best they can be. I just think about my beloved home state of Iowa and Caitlin Clark and what she's been able to do. It would be much different if she was competing against transmen right now, or transwoman. I get confused, I'm sorry. But if there were men who were competing against her, it's so difficult that no one is supporting and encouraging and defending women to compete on their own and consistent with how it's always been done.GUTFELD: Kat, how can NOW be an organization for women when they're selling women out.TIMPF: At least that part of the tweet was on that topic. When they throw racism in there, I'm really lost how that even came to be a part of the tweet at all. And I looked and I still couldn't find an answer. It's just with buzzwords, just throw it in there.GUTFELD: When they don't have an answer.TIMPF: Or on the topic at all.GUTFELD: Also, you can't say "Repeat after us" and then put that many words. There's like 100 words. No one can repeat after you. It's impossible.GUTFELD: Thank you, Jamie.LISSOW: You're welcome.GUTFELD: That was necessary.Up next, has your jockstrap's aroma put others in a coma? What?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Five more words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Half exercise in sweaty undies. This is disgusting. I can't believe we're doing this, Jamie. Out of 2,000 polled in the U.K., 53 percent of them said they washed their used underwear after one workout while almost half admitted to wearing their sweaty, smelly underwear again for the next gym session. Granted, this was the U.K., they already smell.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: Do you think they are not working hard enough to be able to use their underwear the next day?GUTFELD: That could be it.LISSOW: You know what I mean? Because did you ever do like hot yoga? You can't use your underwear again after exerting. And so I just started hot yoga. And don't judge. There's a lot of women in there. It's nice. I'm the only guy. I just wish there was some way to advance faster. Like I wish there was a to go from barely being able to touch my toes to sleeping with one of the instructors.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Tyrus, if half admit to this, could it mean there's actually more. That was funny.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It was cute, actually.TYRUS: I liked it. You should clap. He's had a rough night.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: You've got under two minutes.TYRUS: Sorry. Listen, take the gym out of it. You change your underwear every day regardless. You don't need to go work out. If you do, I don't know, I can't wear my workout stuff but once.GUTFELD: No. I would throw it away.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I was kind of lost on the phrase "gym underwear."(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: What are you talking about? You have a specific pair of underwear you wear and then you put them somewhere in your house. Like, no, don't touch it. That's my gym underwear.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: All of you need some serious help. Gym underwear is a phrase where I go, oh, of course, the gym underwear. That's not a thing. Eww.TYRUS: None of those people work out if they have gym underwear.TIMPF: Yes, they've never been to a gym in your life.WHITAKER: Gym clothes, full stop, or your regular clothes.TYRUS: I got my math hat on today.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I obviously change my underwear every workout, but I will keep my sports bra for a couple of sessions.TYRUS: But that's mostly for back support, right?GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. Oh, my God. Thank God for the surgery.All right, Whitaker, you are a gym rat.WHITAKER: Yes.GUTFELD: These are the same people that don't wipe off their equipment.WHITAKER: The fact that they don't even talk about compression shorts. You wear compression shorts in the gym and then your underwear on the street. And sometimes you wear Lululemon joggers if you're this guy.GUTFELD: Compression shorts. All right, Whitaker, you little pervert. I'm just picturing you in compression shorts.WHITAKER: Doesn't that make you the little pervert?GUTFELD: Perhaps.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, we'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Jamie Lissow, Matt Whitaker, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America. My mouth does not work today.(APPLAUSE)