(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: All right, that does it for us. That flew by, John. Set your DVR. Never miss "AMERICA REPORTS." Thanks for joining us. I'm Sandra Smith.JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: And I'm John Roberts. We'll see you again tomorrow for Friday. "THE STORY WITH MARTHA" starts right now.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Thanks, you guys. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha McCallum. And this is the story that is breaking right now, a possible first step in the seizure of former President Trump's assets in his New York civil fraud case. Reporting now that the Attorney General has filed judgment in Westchester County, which is home to Trump's Seven Springs Estate and Golf Course.That is a look at that property which he has owned for several years now. Four days remain for the Former President to secure the judgment imposed by Judge Engoron against Trump in the real estate valuation case. So, at this moment, what options is he exploring? There are reports that he is "hitting up high dollar donors." Could bankruptcy potentially be on the table?He says that he may be forced to sell his properties at fire sale prices. Here is his attorney, Alina Habba, with me yesterday on THE STORY. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALINA HABBA, FORMER TRUMP ATTORNEY: You can't reverse selling off Trump Tower on a fire sale at a discounted price. We can't fix that if we win on an appeal. Only a handful of shorties, as we stated, are approved by the United States Department of Treasury to even underwrite bonds of this size. The ask of Judge Engoron is completely ridiculous. He knew that.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right, Charlie Gasparino is here on set in just a moment. First to Correspondent C.B. Cotton with the latest. Hi, C.B.!C.B. COTTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha! Yes, the clock is winding down. And while we wait to see what Trump's next steps are, it appears New York Attorney General, Letitia James has laid some of the groundwork for assets seizure should Trump not come up with a bond for nearly half a billion dollars.Earlier this month, James formerly registered the staggering judgment against Trump in Westchester County, New York, as you mentioned, which is home to the Trump National Golf Club Westchester and the Trump Organization's Seven Springs Estate. Right now, the registration doesn't mean too much but it's a procedural step that would allow James to secure a lien against properties there in the future.But business law experts tell us his first steps will likely be through Trump's bank accounts, stocks, and investment holdings because seizing real estate is far more challenging.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RONALD RYCHLAK, LAW PROFESSOR, UNIVERSITY OF MISSISSIPPI: You would not want to shut down operations by kicking out employees in such. The property will be most valuable if it continues to operate. I think it would be more like placing a lien against the property so that if he ever tried to sell the property, the state would get its money before he got his money.(END VIDEO CLIP)COTTON: Trump's legal team told the court more than 30 insurance companies have refused to accept real estate as collateral to underrate a bond for the eye-popping total. In response, the Attorney General's Office provided a series of suggestions to secure the money to include a fire sale, but the Trump team has pushed back on all of those ideas. Trump asked the appeals court to accept a smaller bond. While he appeals, the $454 million judgement or allow him to not post a bond at all. Martha?MACCALLUM: All right, thank you very much C.B.So, let's bring in Senior Business Correspondent Charlie Gasparino. Charlie, good to have you here. You always have your ear to the ground. So, where is this going?CHARLIE GASPARINO, FOX NEWS SENIOR BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: I mean, listen, there's two stories here. There's the scary public policy implications of an attorney general essentially trying to bankrupt a guy that's running for presidency because she's from a different party over a non-crime. And let's face it, you know, he got a loan from Deutsche Bank. Donald Trump is a blowhard. Let's face it.But the bank did its own due diligence on the property in question and didn't have a problem and he paid all the money back or at least is good on the loan. So, victimless crime, that's a real scary thing for every business in New York that they can be subject to that. And they can under something known as the Martin Act which she enforces as New York Attorney General.Then there's the question of how this is going to unravel in three days. And it's scary because you really don't know. And Donald Trump owns a lot of signature properties here in the city in Worcester County, in Florida. And you know, here's the thing, and it gets back to Donald's bloviating. You know, eight years ago, he said he was worth $10 billion. He's clearly not worth $10 billion. He doesn't have the cash to do this.His properties, who knows what they're worth. They're not worth much on a fire sale. So, if she really wants to come in and shut this stuff down, theoretically, she can. And now, one of the cards that Trump could play, and it's something I broke on Neil Cavuto's show, "YOUR WORLD," the other day is that she could come in -- they could say, OK, here are the keys. Take Trump Tower, you know, take this thing, take the golf courses in Westchester, and figure them out, because there are so many leases and sub- leases and limited partners. Figure out which part is mine and which part is Joe Blow's.MACCALLUM: Right.GASPARINO: And good luck because you don't have half the staff to do that. And while you're doing that, we're going to appeal this stupid rule, and we're going to -- you know, at least get a lesser judgment, hopefully, from a judge. That's not totally in the tank for Letitia James. So, there's going to be a kabuki dance on this thing. This has not played out.It's interesting that the one case -- I mean, he faces numerous cases, some of them could put him in jail, including the Jack Smith case and the case down in Georgia, theoretically, even though that's kind of blowing up for different reasons. The one case that can't put him in jail maybe the most dangerous for him, because it really, you know, aims an arrow or, you know, the bullseyes on his -- on his -- on his, on Trump Inc. And it kind of exposes the sort of, you know, weak foundations that is Trump Inc.It's a lot of real estate. It's a lot of stuff. Listen, he owns -- he could make a lot of money off of this Truth Social, which might come public, right?MACCALLUM: Right. But he can't get his hands on it for six months.GASPARINO: He can't get it on. And by the way, the stock in six months might not be worth the $46,000 it's worth today. You know why? Because people don't make a lot of money on social media. That works for -- Elon would be cutting half his staff at Twitter or X.MACCALLUM: Exactly.GASPARINO: So, I think he's in a pickle. But one thing I will give him, and I'll tell you, I've covered this guy for 30 years, he's Houdini. He has figured out how to get out of this in a past. And the other thing is, and I say this with the most respect, he has you know what of steel. He will play this to the end.MACCALLUM: Absolutely.GASPARINO: This guy's a tough customer.MACCALLUM: No, anyone else would have folded years ago under all of this pressure. It's extraordinary. And I just -- you know, you have to wonder what the appellate division is going to do. Because now even, you know, Joe Scarborough, who's been coming at him with guns blazing, is looking at this deal and saying, well, you know, I mean, it is over the top. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, HOST, MSNBC: I actually talked to a billion and I said, could you come over this money? He said no.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Of course not.SCARBOROUGH: It doesn't matter how much money you have here, you're not going to be able to come with $500 million cash.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's unrealistic to ask for that amount of cash in that small amount of time.(END VIDEO CLIP)GASPARINO: Well, I don't believe the -- listen, billionaires that I know have cash. Mike Bloomberg will have the cash for this.MACCALLUM: $454 million in a few days?GASPARINO: Yes. I mean, listen -- I mean, if you're worth $10 billion, yes, you should have that money ready in some ways. The bigger question is, is it -- you know, is it justified? I mean, this is a kangaroo court, a judge that's in the bag.MACCALLUM: No jury.GASPARINO: For -- no jury. For a D.A. who said elect me to go after Donald Trump. And she finds something so picayune and so ridiculous, you know, a non-issue. A loan -- an application that said, basically, he overestimated some stuff, the bank did his thing and said no problem, and everybody's happy. And she thinks it's, you know, capital crime.MACCALLUM: It's interesting that -- you know, the other side of the equation, the bank did its -- did its assessment as well and agreed to it.GASPARINO: Oh, yes.MACCALLUM: But they're not subjected to any -- to any judgment, right?GASPARINO: Yes, I know.MACCALLUM: It's kind of like, only one side of the equation is going to be blamed for not assessing the property well, even though Deutsche Bank had their own assessors and they have those fiduciary responsibilities to all their shareholders.GASPARINO: Have you ever sold a house? If you sold a house --MACCALLUM: Yes.GASPARINO: I mean, oh, my house is worth X. It's the greatest house.MACCALLUM: Of course.GASPARINO: Some guy comes in and says, I don't know, you left this out.MACCALLUM: Exactly. That's how you make a market.GASPARINO: That's a market.MACCALLUM: Exactly.Charlie, thank you very much. Charlie Gasparino with the latest on the Trump situation which we'll be following all the new developments on.And THE STORY exclusive with Senator Rand Paul, who is demanding that DHS Secretary of Mayorkas explain how the illegal immigrant from Venezuela accused of killing nursing student Laken Riley wasn't taken into custody when he committed a crime here. He could have been deported before this ever happened.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right, breaking moments ago, a new battle over COVID vaccine mandates. A group of military chaplains is taking on the Pentagon at the Supreme Court. Justice Correspondent David Spunt reporting live from the DOJ on this late-breaking story this afternoon. David, tell us what's going on here.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL JUSTICE CORRESPONDENT: Martha, it's an interesting case, one we're going to continue to watch. This was just filed with the U.S. Supreme Court. It happens to be about four years after the country actually shut down for the COVID emergency. And this group of military chaplains asking the Supreme Court to do something to stop what it calls retaliatory actions by the Department of Defense regarding the COVID vaccine mandate. Also arguing that these chaplains should not have to take the vaccine because of religious objections.The group of chaplains, they're asking the justices for a stay better known as a pause to policy they claim punished people who filed religious objections to the COVID-19 vaccine mandate. The group argues the Defense Department is using outdated guidance and is retaliating. It reads in part, DOD's numerous retaliatory adverse actions against these chaplains violate the law, breeding contempt for law, and inviting every man to become a law unto himself. That invitation has no place in the Department of Defense. The court should grant injunctive relief restoring the rule of law and protecting chaplains right of conscience.Now, the justices will have the option to stay or pause some of these policies that are controversial. In the past, the court has heard from other members of the military who have raised similar issues citing religious objections. Based on the geography of this complaint filed, it goes directly to Chief Justice Roberts. He could decide alone or refer this to the full court. And in the next few days, he's expected to ask the Department of Justice to file some sort of response to this before the court issues some sort of formal order. Martha?MACCALLUM: OK. David, thank you very much.SPUNT: Thanks.MACCALLUM: So, we are waiting for yet another ruling on whether Texas can start enforcing its new immigration law. This has gone back and forth in the courts this week. The justice department is challenging the law that lets the state arrest people suspected of crossing into their state illegally.Correspondent Nate Foy live at the border at Eagle Pass, Texas with the latest. Hi, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha. It's a waiting game that could end at any moment when those three judges in the appeals court issue a decision about whether or not Texas can enforce Senate Bill 4 over the next two weeks, then, the Court will hear arguments about whether or not the law is unconstitutional, coming up on April 3rd. Take a live look at our Fox News drone right now.If as before it goes into effect, Texas would be able to arrest and deport migrants who crossed the border illegally.Texas argued in court and has a right to defend itself and that S.B. 4 mirrors federal law.The Biden administration says it overstepped its federal authority over our borders. But Texas isn't the only state doing this now. A new bill in Arizona closely resembles S.B. 4. It's being considered as illegal crossings skyrocket in America's west with Arizona's Tucson Sector leading the way.Absent S.B. 4 or law like it, migrants are turned over to Border Patrol and given notices to appear in immigration court.However, Martha, according to a new report from the nonpartisan group, TRAC, since President Joe Biden took office, 200,000 deportation cases had been thrown out because DHS didn't file those notices to appear on time for the courts.Take a look what happened just moments ago as 150 more migrants crossed the border illegally. This is in Jacumba, California. This group consists mostly of Colombians. They are being processed right now by Border Patrol. But according to this new report, DHS is scheduling immigration hearings before the agency is even capable of filing those NTS.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRANDON JUDD, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: This shows you how DHS operates under this administration. They are still not taking precautions into hand to protect the American people. And then on top of that, they are failing in just the easiest part, which is the paperwork department.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: DHS has the ability to restart the process when they learn of their mistake by refiling those NTAs. However, according to this report, that only happens 25 percent of the time. Send it back to you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Unbelievable. Nate, thank you very much. So, Senate Republicans calling for a vote on the Laken Riley Act. The 22-year-old nursing student who was killed when she went out for a run on the University of Georgia campus last month.The Fed say that the suspect is in is in the country illegally. The Laken Riley Act would have required the government to detain him when he was cited for shoplifting a few months before her murder.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. TED BUDD (R-NC): The American people need to know who stands on the set of preventing tragedies and who will continue to sadly enable them.SEN. ROGER MARSHALL (R-KS): We now -- 1-1/2 million people in this country that have went through the entire immigration process, and they've not been removed by Joe Biden. So, we are seeing Laken Riley's story played out day after day.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK, let's bring in Kentucky Senator Rand Paul, the top Republican on the Homeland Security Committee who is asking the Feds for more information on this suspect in Riley's murders. Senator, welcome. It's good to have you with us. today.SEN. RAND PAUL (R-KY): Thank you.MACCALLUM: I'd like to begin our conversation by listening to Jason Riley, Laken's. dad. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON RILEY, FATHER OF LAKEN RILEY: I stand before you a heartbroken man. God gave me a beautiful daughter to father protect, provide for, and nurture. A man with an evil heart stole her life.My vision for every senator in this chamber is that you protect citizens from this illegal invasion.Please recognize over a million illegal aliens are in this state and making families nervous.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Senator, why is this even an issue? If someone is here illegally and they break the law, do we really need a new law to authorize removing them?PAUL: You know, you wouldn't think so. The fact that people are the normal is that we're releasing people who are here illegally committing a crime, we capture them, and then, we purposely let them go. I mean, the people who are in favor of this policy, the Biden administration that allows this to happen, frankly should apologize to the Riley family.Instead, we hear Biden apologizing to the illegal folks in our country who don't like to be called illegal.He apologized to people for using the term illegal, but he is not willing to apologize to the Riley family for allowing --MACCALLUM: Yes.PAUL: You know, these people to be in the country who ended up murdering this man's daughter.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: That is a stunning, stunning reality.PAUL: I mean, it's just so sad at every level.MACCALLUM: It is just absolutely tragic. Now, is the Senate going to pass this Laken Riley bill, so that we can get back to if you break the law, you will be removed immediately?PAUL: You would think so. I think it will get unanimous Republican support. But we're one short -- one vote short. I think the Democrats will be either unanimous or nearly unanimously against this. They have voted in the past that they don't care.We talked about deporting people or keeping people in jail. And there has been no concern on the other side about, you know, trying to tackle people with criminal records or people who have actively engaged in crime.MACCALLUM: That's hard -- but it's hard to believe Senator, given the environment in the country right now. And looking at the polls that there aren't at least a few Democrat senators who look at their own election prospects and say, yes, you bet I'm on board.PAUL: They care more about spending money we don't have. It's really important to them, keep the trains running on time and to keep all the money being spent. Even though we're going to borrow $1.5 trillion on this spending bill. That's what our spending is going to add up to. They are more concerned with shoveling the money out the door than they are with the death of this young woman, and trying to prevent this from happening to other people.MACCALLUM: All right.PAUL: That is a disgrace. It is utter disgrace.MACCALLUM: It is. You know, this paperwork story is atrocious. You know, I mean, the amount of money that people pay in their tax dollars to run the federal government, and they can't -- they lose track of 200,000 forms that they are supposed to be filling out in order to get people, you know, accounted for in this process. And now, you've got this squatter situation going on, where this TikTok influencer is telling other -- you know, people who come here illegally, what you need to do is find an empty house and squat on it and it will be yours. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My people, I have thought about invading a house in the United States, because I learned that there's a law that says if a house is not inhabited, we can expropriate it. I think that will be my next business. Invade abandoned houses.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Unbelievable. Now, you believe that Mayorkas should be fired. He's been through the impeachment process already. I don't know if you're going to get anywhere on that. But why?PAUL: Well, the thing is, is there is utter incompetence. But then there's also a question of just malfeasance, not applying the law. The law allows the president. President says that he may admit these people. Doesn't say he should, but they're letting millions of people.And just like your story earlier said, hundreds of thousands of people on a technicality are getting out because they didn't get the proper notice, they are just dropping the cases.But literally, nobody believes you have to come back. You come across the border, once you get a foot in, you're going to get a traffic ticket, you're going to be dismissed, you'll probably be given food, clothing and a credit card to go someplace into the interior of our country.But nobody is ever coming back for a trial.MACCALLUM: It's unreal. If you're out of your House for 30 days on the 31st day, someone can literally invade your home and this man has figured that out. And he is telling people, you know some people who have seven houses already. I mean, it's just like you know, you woke up in a in an upside- down horrible situation.Senator, I hope you'll come back. I'd like to talk to you about your stance on TikTok next time you have a moment.PAUL: Sure.MACCALLUM: So, we'll pick that up next time.PAUL: All right.MACCALLUM: Senator, thank you. Senator Rand Paul, joining us this afternoon.So, the immigration issue not helping President Biden's polling numbers as he faces new trouble in battleground states that could decide the election. Brand new polls in two battleground states with Kellyanne Conway and Philippe Reines, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right back to the breaking news that we brought you at the top of the hour. There are new indications at this hour that New York Attorney General Letitia James, may have taken the first step towards possible seizure of Trump properties.The former president is leading President Biden in two battleground states that could be crucial in November.He's up by three points right now in North Carolina, in the Marist poll of registered voters after winning that state by one in 2020.The former president ahead by four in Georgia. In that same survey, President Biden won that state by less than a point. These are obviously very tight races and very important ones.And look at this. President Biden's support among black voters plummeting 35 points in Georgia, compared to 2020. And dropping by 30 points in North Carolina. So, right there, you see the under the undergirding of what's going on with these numbers.Let's bring in Kellyanne Conway, former senior counselor to President Trump, now, president of K.A. Consulting and Fox News contributor, and Philippe Reines, former deputy assistant secretary of state for strategic communications for Hillary Clinton, now, principal at CKR Solutions.MACCALLUM: I want to get through a whole bunch of topics with the two of you. I'm very glad to have you both with us today. So, let's first go real quick on the first one. Your reaction, Kellyanne to this move by the attorney general, she may be in the process of starting to see his Trump properties.KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's part of why Trump says support is consolidated it didn't create his resurgence, but it's consolidated that people see this as political not legal in nature.We all know the facts. The facts are that you don't see a bond of this size for an individual or a private company do sometimes occasionally see them for public companies. Also, no fraud found, no victim identified. Just a lot of political vendettas. She is -- look, Letitia James is making good on the off state of promise to "get Trump".Meanwhile, people are very concerned. You see it reflected in the polls that Biden is bleeding core constituencies of the very tenuous coalition, he scaffolded together in 2020 to winning the first place.But I think, Letitia James, and what's happening in Georgia and Alvin Bragg, this is helping Donald Trump, it's hurting in so many ways. But it's helping him politically. Nobody wants to go through this. And I'll tell you story after story, anecdote after anecdote.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes.CONWAY: People that don't even particularly care for him, have never voted for him are supporting him in 2024 because they see this prosecution as persecution.MACCALLUM: So, a quick thought on North Carolina and Georgia there, Philippe. And the impact of all of this seems to be moving voters, especially, black and Hispanic voters away from the president, the current president.PHILIPPE REINES, FORMER SENIOR ADVISER TO HILLARY CLINTON: Well, first, I'm always entertained by the idea that these things -- these trials and these convictions and these accusations, these crimes are good for Donald Trump.If they are so good, why does it he just confessed or why does it he say please do it more? They are not good for him. And I don't mean that among Democrats, there are people in the Republican Party. It's polled somewhere between 25 and 40 percent that have said, if he is convicted of a crime, including this crime in New York, that they would have to think twice about voting for him. Maybe they would maybe they wouldn't. But these things are not good for him. When he raises money off of them, it shrinks afterwards. So I think that's a good way of rationalizing it but it's probably not grounded in fact.In terms of what's going on in the battleground states, look, the President, his team have to take these numbers very seriously. I would divide it up, you know, North Carolina is the state that Donald Trump won in both 2016 and 2020. So if Joe Biden doesn't win in 2024, that doesn't matter. Georgia, separate out the demographics of who's voting and why. It is tight, it's too tight. It's too tight for comfort for people like me who want Joe Biden to be reelected.Thankfully, the Biden team knows that it's a problem. They know they have time. They're not taking for granted. On the African American vote, we point out that, and I'm not saying that there is no slippage in terms of blacks voting for Democrats.MACCALLUM: It's historic. I've never seen anything like 30 points swings -- 30 points swings really.REINES: It's significant. And I don't know why, I'm not going to pretend it doesn't exist because clearly it does. Except when you look at the last two elections, the polling has not lined up with the actual votes. 2016, Hillary got over 90%. In 2020, Joe Biden got over 90%.So I hope that holds true. That doesn't mean that everyone just take it for granted. But the polls have not entirely matched up.MACCALLUM: Right. I mean, if these shifts are real, there's a changing dynamic in the country in terms of how voters align. And that will be a huge story in this election.I want to squeeze in a quick question on the possible Trump vice presidential candidates. There are reports that he will announce in June, a month before the election. We have a bunch of people up on the board here whose names have been thrown into the mix. We don't know how real any of them are.But Marco Rubio basically says, you know, I saw the reports but, you know, I haven't spoken to anyone about this. But he's got a big problem if he is near the top of the list, Kellyanne, and that's that he lives in the same state as the President Trump. So which one of them is going to move somewhere else do you think if it comes to that?KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, Senator Rubio and Mrs. Rubio, we hope could go to Eau Claire, Wisconsin or Newtown Square, Pennsylvania or Rochester Hills, Michigan, any of those can be arranged. Dick Cheney moved from Houston, Texas, where he was running Halliburton in 2000, to go back to Wyoming and run as the VP running mate for George W. Bush successfully ultimately.But, look, I think if you're called to run -- if you're called to be on the ticket, you do think long and hard about that. In the case of Senator Rubio, it's a little bit different. He'd have to give up a Senate seat. You can't represent Florida from Michigan.But the excitement about Donald Trump's VP pick is completely disproportional to the lack of excitement for Joe Biden's actual VP. If you think Joe Biden's unpopular and struggling among all these voters, look at Kamala Harris. How is Joe Biden struggling among black voters when he served a black president, has a black woman as his VP, let's think about it.MACCALLUM: Yes. I mean, one of the interesting conversations that I keep hearing is people say, oh, I'd love to see that person debate Kamala Harris, you know? that would be really interesting to watch, so.CONWAY: I'd love to debate her but somebody else can be VP, Martha.MACCALLUM: OK. And, you know, but --REINES: But hold on, Martha?MACCALLUM: For President Trump --REINES: In terms of actual vice president --MACCALLUM: Yes.REINES: -- let's take a step back. Donald Trump's actual vice president challenged him, Mike Pence wanted to beat Donald Trump 2024. He didn't, but now he's saying that he won't endorse him. So I don't think we should compare the effectiveness of, you know, respective vice president --MACCALLUM: I hear you. I don't know if it's going to happen --REINES: And I can tell you now, I know exactly the Marco Rubio is not going to be it.MACCALLUM: -- it (inaudible) voters, I kind of doubt but we'll see. Both of you, always great to see you, Philippe and Kellyanne. Thank you, guys.REINES: Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: See you soon. Thank you very much.So ahead this hour, journalist Matt Taibbi, who just got a big compliment from podcaster Joe Rogan, and former Bush foreign policy adviser Dan Senor on the very complicated relationship between the President and other Democrats and Israel.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says total victory over Hamas is not possible without going into Rafah where more than a million Palestinians are taking shelter from fighting in other parts of Gaza. House Republicans plan to invite Netanyahu to Congress to address the body. Senate Minority Leader Schumer has signaled that he would approve. My next guest just returned from Israel, Dan Senor is a former foreign policy adviser to President George W. Bush's administration and host of the "Call Me Back" podcast. Dan, always good to have you with us.DAN SENOR, FORMER BUSH 43 FOREIGN POLICY ADVISER: Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much for being here. You spoke with Ron Dermer in your new podcast, "Call Me Back." And here is a soundbite from Antony Blinken, the Secretary of State that touches on the news really that he made with you in your podcast. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Ron Dermer in the podcast said, Israel will take control of Rafah even if it leads to a potential breach with the United States. How will you convince an ally that knows there won't be any serious consequences even if it ignores us warnings repeatedly?ANTONY BLINKEN, SECRETARY OF STATE: President Biden has been very clear that a major ground operation in Rafah would be a mistake and something that we can't support. Hamas can be effectively dealt with, without a major ground operation in Rafah.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Very interesting. So the former ambassador, Ron Dermer, who you spoke with, who still has a position in the Israeli leadership is basically saying we're going in, and we don't really care what the President United States says.SENOR: It's not -- and the thing is it's not just Ron Dermer was interesting in our conversation, the podcast. What he said which I saw when I was traveling around the country in the last couple days, the position of the government is pretty reflective where the country is. The population, if you go from right to left, ideologically, politically, religiously, everyone in the country seems pretty committed, pretty hard-headed that Israel will be a fraction of itself if it does not remove Hamas full stop.And you can't remove Hamas full stop without going into Rafah. That's reformed -- the main battalion still are, Hamas battalions are still intact there. There are, you know, speculation that some of -- their speculation some of the leadership is in Rafah. You have to deal with Rafah.Now, Minister Gantz, who's a fierce political opponent of Prime Minister Netanyahu, and he is -- there's a lot of personal animus between Netanyahu and Gantz. But he's also in the emergency war cabinet. And he said last week, telling Israel that they can't go into Rafah is like telling a fire department to go put out a fire, but stop at 80% and leave 20% of the fire still burning. And then just leave with the hope that you won't have to deal with the fire again.But as you know, if 20% of the fire is still burning, that fire is going to come back and it's going to come back bad, and the fire department's going to have to return. Israel saying we're going to deal with Hamas, we can deal with Hamas once. In this war, we're not leaving 20% of Hamas to remain intact and continue to pose a threat to Israel.So that's their position. And they're saying, you know, the US has been very supportive of Israel to this point. But at some point, they may have to part ways.MACCALLUM: So is that question are correct when they basically say that the reason that our close ally Israel feels that they can go forward with this, despite the fact that the White House is pushing back against it, or at least wants it to be done in a very strategic and precise way, if that's even possible, is because they don't think the White House will. There won't be any ramifications for Israel for going forward.SENOR: I think what they see with the frontal assault in the press that the Biden administration and Senator Schumer have launched against Prime Minister Netanyahu is a sign that they know they cannot stop Israel. And they know that Hamas can't remain intact and that Israel probably does have to go into Rafah. They know it'd be controversial with the progressive base in the United States. So they're looking for a way to have a confrontation with Israel that separate from the policy.So they're having this public fight with Netanyahu, kind of using Netanyahu as a foil while recognizing at the end of the day, Israel is going to go into Rafah and the US isn't going to stop them. And that's just kind of where this thing is going to end. And so, I think they get the fight with Netanyahu personally, that serves their domestic politics, and Israel will still go into Rafah.MACCALLUM: Fascinating. Dan, thank you very much. Dan Senor joining us today with a very volatile situation and I think you're absolutely right. There's a lot of politics and a lot of showmanship in some ways that's going on right now. So, Dan, thanks. Always good to have you here.SENOR: Good to be with you.MACCALLUM: So podcast giant Joe Rogan blasting the media for what he called twisting former President Trump's bloodbath remark, and encouraging listeners to turn to real journalists, he says, like Matt Taibbi.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE ROGAN, PODCAST HOST: Trust in corporate media is at an all time low. And so, this has led to a rise in true independent journalists. The real ones out there, the Matt Taibbis, the Glenn Greenwalds, the people that are actually just trying to say, what is really going on.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: What Matt Taibbi says about that coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right. This is a fast moving story here, so we are continuing to monitor any breaking news around what we have been learning so far. New indications that New York Attorney General Letitia James is perhaps taking some steps forward in terms of the paperwork that would need to be done to potentially begin to seize Trump properties.We talked with Charlie Gasparino about some of the problems that she may run into when she tries to do that. Because it's not, you know, clean, precise ownership. There are different leases and all sorts of arrangements within these, which is not surprising. So the office has filed these judgments in Westchester County, home to Trump's Seven Springs estate and golf course. So we're going to keep you posted if we get any more movement on that case. Four days really to go in the time period where he has to produce $454 million in the Judge Engoron judgment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We're going to put a 100% tariff on every single car that comes across the line, and you're not going to be able to sell those, if I get elected. Now if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath for the whole -- that's going to be the least of it. It's going to be a bloodbath for the country, that will be the least of it. But they're not going to sell those cars.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Former President Trump's use of the word bloodbath in that speech triggered fierce backlash. He says he was talking about the damage that President Biden's policies are doing to the auto industry and it is extensive. If you look across the industry, that is not how it was received or perhaps used by many of his critics. Watch for yourself.(END VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI (R-CA): He's even predicting a bloodbath. What does that mean? He's going to exact a bloodbath. There's something wrong here.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: It's just bull (inaudible). He knew what he was doing. We're not stupid. Americans aren't stupid. He was talking about a bloodbath.ANA NAVARRO, THE VIEW CO-HOST: We have seen January 6, we've seen that he's led an insurrection. So no, we were not taking it out of context because the context is his history and his life.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Influential podcaster Joe Rogan pushing back. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROGAN: It's actually important to highlight how not just inaccurate but just deceptive the media was in their depiction of what he said. It's so disturbing that they would, first of all, that they would think that they could get away with it in this day and age, with all the scrutiny and all the -- with social media and all the independent journalists that exists now.Trusting corporate media is at an all time low, and so this has led to a rise in true independent journalists. The real ones out there, the Matt Taibbis, the Glenn Greenwalds, the people that are actually just trying to say what is really going on.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So you just heard Rogan mentioned investigative journalist Matt Taibbi, his reporting includes his work on the Twitter files, and he joins me now. Matt, great to have you back on the show. Thanks for being here today.So obviously a compliment to your work there from a very powerful podcaster. So I'm curious to ask you what you think about this bloodbath use of the word by President Trump, and everything that sort of came flooding in after it?MATT TAIBBI, INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALIST: Well, first of all, I'm grateful to Joe Rogan for saying that, but he's absolutely right. And actually, you know, this is sort of a double insult because not only did they, you know, sort of misplaced the context and deceive their audiences about what Trump actually said. But they also ignored the root issue, which is the hollowing out of middle America, the loss of manufacturing jobs, people who worked in the automotive sector.People who live in those places, they know exactly what's happening. So when the media tries to say that he was talking about something else, that there aren't problems in that part of the world, they get angry twice at the media. And that's why you've seen this loss of audience.MACCALLUM: Yes. I think that is so important because I think there's a lot of laziness, right? And it comes down to oh, you know, Trump said bloodbath, so then bloodbath becomes the lead on, you know, drudge and other places, then people click on that. And then they click on Nancy Pelosi who says, oh, did you hear he said, bloodbath. And then Joe Scarborough says, it was clear what he really meant.And in all of this garbage, there's no actual discussion about what's happening to the US auto industry. And I think that's why you see voters so turned off, as Joe Rogan says, to a lot of media, because they're not telling them substance. And also, they get turned off to the president, really, because they see what's going on with these EVs. And they probably, you know, think that the former president is on to something in places like Michigan for sure.TAIBBI: Yes, absolutely. And I remember this from covering Trump's first presidential campaign in 2016. When we followed him around in the Midwest, I could feel it in the crowds that whenever he talked about NAFTA, or the loss of the manufacturing sector, and how he was going to get those jobs back, I mean, sometimes his prescriptions for how he was going to get those jobs back weren't always convincing. But you could tell the theme was resonating with audiences.And then you would watch television and the coverage of Trump's campaign would be about something else entirely. They would pick out some little thing that he said and make a big deal about that. And audiences get very upset about that. Voters get very mad that because they feel like their problems are being ignored. And that is what Trump is capitalizing on. That's one of the big secrets to his success politically, I think, in the last eight years.MACCALLUM: You know, there was a saying, take what he says seriously but not literally, and I think you see that again here. But then people who are critics of his say, oh, well, we don't need to look any further than January the 6th. That was literal. Quick thought on that, Matt, before I let you go if you can.TAIBBI: Sure. I mean, if you are really stretching, you could maybe kind of sort of imply that with the use of the word bloodbath, he was implying something. But there's nothing, there's no factual thing to rest on there. And he wasn't being literal. Literally he didn't really mean that, that he was going to do -- it's going to be a bloodbath.MACCALLUM: Matt, thank you very much. I look forward to talking to you again soon. Matt Taibbi joining us this afternoon. And you check out his podcast, great stuff there as well.So another exclusive sneak peek of my interview with Mark Judge. You may remember this name, because you heard it a lot. He was the high school friend of Justice Kavanaugh, who Christine Blasey Ford said was in the room when she was assaulted. He has never spoken on camera about this until now.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: For the Dow after the Fed signaled -- it does not expect -- it does expect to cut rates interest rates this year. It has been raising them to try to slow down inflation but it's leaving them where they are for now.And for the first time since Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh confirmation battle, which we watched so closely more than five years ago, we're now hearing from one of his former classmates on camera for the very first time in my new Fox Nation Special. Now, Christine Blasey Ford says Mark Judge was in the room when Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her at a party when they were in high school. Kavanaugh has vehemently denied that and obviously he was confirmed to the court.Judge, Mark Judge, says he has no memory of any of this ever happening or any attack that Christine Blasey Ford described. I asked her about some of what she has been saying as she promotes her new book.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: She talks about how hard all of this was for her that it really rocked her world for years afterwards, and that she's just now starting to kind of get back to a normal life. What was the impact on your life?MARK JUDGE, FORMER KAVANAUGH CLASSMATE: Well, I mean, I don't want to go Oprah but, you know, I began experiencing suicidal ideation which I have never experienced before. And, you know, I don't -- I mean, I think man that's not recognized as much but when I was running into some mental issues and some economic issues, and I began thinking, OK, that subway stop is high enough, you know, that's terrifying because when you've never experienced something like that it's hellish.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: It rocked so many people's worlds and you'll hear more from him on the Fox Nation Special. That's THE STORY for today. I will see you back here tomorrow.