(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We are out of time. Thanks to Emily Austin, Jim Florentine, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld, and I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, after a massive mutiny, former RNC chair, Ronna McDaniel is out at NBC MSNBC, after the On Air personalities compared her to a mobster and a pickpocket. Full coverage of that straight ahead.But we begin in Baltimore, where a large container ship brought down a major commuter bridge. Six people are missing and presumed dead. And the rescue has now become a recovery.The events surrounding this catastrophe remains unclear. Why did the ship lose power? Did the ship have enough crew members on board? And why were the anchors not released?The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live at the scene near Baltimore harbor with the very latest on this. Kevin, what are we learning tonight?KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. So many questions yet remain and we'll continue to follow that storyline as it develops over the days and months ahead.But we can tell you tonight while the search continues for answers for why this cargo ship inexplicably hit the bridge, we did learn an important answer to a pressing question about the ongoing search for possible survivors.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REAR ADM. SHANNON GILREATH, OPERATIONAL COMMANDER, UNITED STATES COAST GUARD: Based on the length of time that we've gone in the search, the extensive search efforts that we have put into it, the water temperature, that at this point, we do not believe that we're going to find any of these individuals still alive.CORKE (voice over): And with that, this does become a salvage and recovery operation. It is believed, at least six people, as you pointed out, have died as a result of this tragedy. And sadly, the death toll could actually rise even further in the days ahead, depending on how many vehicles were actually on the bridge at the time it went down.GOV. WES MOORE (D-MD): We will get through this. We are Maryland tough, and we are Baltimore strong.PETE BUTTIGIEG, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION: The path to normalcy will not be easy, it will not be quick, it will not be inexpensive, but we will rebuild together.CORKE (voice over): Now, throughout the day, we did receive updates from a variety of state, local and federal official, each promising more than the last to rebuild as soon as possible.SEN. BEN CARDIN (D-MD): It's urgent. And in my conversation with President Biden, he has promised to do everything they can to federal level to expedite to get that channel reopened.Every day, millions and millions of dollars lost in payroll loans, a couple of million dollars lost. thousands of workers depend upon the Port of Baltimore being open.CORKE (voice over): Meantime, over at the White House, President Biden offering to provide any and all federal assistance needed to clear the waterway and resume the traffic of the port, which as you know, is critical, Trace to national commerce and security.Meantime, the search for answers continues.JENNIFER HOMENDY, CHAIR, NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD: It's very early. It is very cumbersome process. It's a very meticulous process, where they have to dig through a lot of information.(END VIDEOTAPE)CORKE (on camera): Now, it's important to note this, Trace. I think this is -- I think it bears repeating. The FBI so far has continued to suggest that they have not seen any evidence whatsoever to suggest that terrorism was at all a part to what has happened here at this bridge collapse.But the investigation does continue tonight. Trace.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke with his exceptional work out of the scene all day. Kevin, thank you.Meantime, let's bring in naval veteran and supply chain consultant Jim Nels. Jim, it's great to have you on the show. So, three minutes between the time the ship went dark, and it hit the bridge. They had time to make a mayday call, but apparently, no time to drop the anchors. What does that tell you?JIM NELLES, NAVY VETERAN: It tells me that they weren't properly manned on the ship, or else they panicked and didn't follow their training.The first thing you do in any sort of situation when you're in what's called restricted maneuvering, which that vessel was coming in or going out of the port is if you have any sort of damage to your propulsion, damage to your steering, you drop your anchors.That ship had two anchors, they did not drop them, that needs to be the first part of this investigation.GALLAGHER: Yes. Do you worry that this -- that this highlights or shows some of our vulnerabilities as a -- as a country, Jim?NELLES: It definitely shows the weakness of our port system. There is literally no way for the -- for the Coast Guard to patrol every single vessel that comes into the United States. But what this shows is that if you have a group of terrorists, who wanted to destroy a bridge, they could definitely do it with just an old, you know, an old type of bucket, if you will.That's why I don't think that this was a terrorism act. Because if it was, they would have done it at a different time and would have picked a different bridge such as the Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge in New York, that would have blocked the Port of New York and the port in New Jersey.GALLAGHER: But it's still going to cost us a lot, a lot of money, the economy, it's going to be big. Ben Cardin, the senator in Maryland had this to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CARDIN: We then need to make sure that the that the channel is reopened. It's critically important to our economy. It affects many, many jobs. It affects not only jobs here in Maryland, but around the country and (INAUDIBLE), and the world.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And Jim, the senator talks about the economy. So, I want to put these numbers up just so we all kind of know how important this port really is.This is the Port of Baltimore 2023: 52.3 million tons of foreign cargo; $80.8 billion in foreign cargo value; handled 847,000 plus cars and light trucks; generates about 15,300 direct jobs.This could be economically devastating is probably not the right word, but certainly impactful.NELLES: Certainly, impactful. About $280 million of commerce goes through that port per day. Right now, there are approximately 40 ships that are stuck in the port, they can't get out. And you're also starting to see cargo companies scramble in order to find new ports to take the goods that are currently on the ocean.And you're also seeing companies look for new ports to ship things that would have normally left out of Baltimore.GALLAGHER: If this were the George Washington Bridge in New York, New Jersey, this would be an entirely different story. Absolutely.NELLES: Absolutely. We would all be harkening back to 9/11 if something like this happened in the George Washington Bridge. Or, again, from a commerce perspective, the Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge that connects Staten Island to Queens.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes. Yes.NELLES: If that ever went down into the water, you'd never be able to get the chips in and out of that port. It would take years before they become a viable port again.GALLAGHER: Jim knows. It's a great analysis. Thank you for the help, sir. We appreciate it.NELLES: Have a great evening. Thank you for having me.GALLAGHER: Meantime, breaking tonight, just days after signing on as a contributor, former RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel is out at NBC News, and it appears that she was pushed out.Ashley Strohmier is live with that story. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hi, Trace.Ronna McDaniel is now out of two jobs. First, as chair of the RNC, where she recently stepped down to make way for Trump's picks to lead the Republican Party. And she is now out at NBC after a very short stint as a paid contributor. Some of the anchors on that network are taking a victory lap after her firing.Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRIS HAYES, HOST, MSNBC: The reason this precipitated the visceral gut reaction that it did is that there is just a pretty bright red line in American life after January 6th.Where Ronna Romney McDaniel is unfortunately on the wrong side of that red line.I really appreciate working in a place that was able to say, we got this one wrong, and then made the right decision.RACHEL MADDOW, HOST, MSNBC: This was a really specific case because of Ms. McDaniel's -- and her involvement in the election interference stuff, and I'm grateful that our leadership was willing to do the -- I think the bold, strong, resilient thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: Fox News Digital obtained an internal memo from NBC Universal News Group chairman, Cesar Conde to staff, apologizing for hiring McDaniel in the first place.Conde wrote, "While this was a collective recommendation by some members of our leadership team, I approved it and take full responsibility for it. Our initial decision was made because of our deep commitment to presenting our audiences with a wide diverse set of viewpoints and experiences, particularly during these consequential times."A person close to McDaniel though, tells Fox News tonight that McDaniel found out about the termination through media reports, and that as of this evening, she hasn't heard from NBC.Fox News also learned McDaniel is in the process of hiring an attorney to represent her. A statement is possible later tonight, Trace.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier, live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you.GALLAGHER: Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT " COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT", says when it comes to MSNBC, you can forget about network executives, the on-air personalities run the place. They certainly ran Ronna McDaniel out the door, saying that Ronna isn't honest.Jen Psaki was irate over comparisons between her and Ronna McDaniel's political backgrounds. With Psaki saying it's about truth versus lies."COMMON SENSE" assumes when Psaki says truth that she means herself. The very same Jen Psaki, who stood at the White House podium and told untruths about everything from COVID, to oil rights, to border security.Now, might be a good time to remind you that MSNBC -- sorry, the network of truth, told us Trump was a Russian agent. Hunter Biden's laptop was Russian disinformation, and Michael Brown was murdered.And Chuck Todd has the nerve to say Ronna McDaniel has credibility issues. Joy Reid got caught posting bigoted statements on social media and blamed hackers. After former CIA Director John Brennan lied to Congress naturally, MSNBC hired him.If Adam Schiff retired from Congress tomorrow, they'd hire him too. Not because he lied, but because he lied about the right people. Those on the right.Ronna didn't get pushed out for not being honest. She got pushed out for not being a Democrat. "COMMON SENSE" thinks if honesty is truly MSNBC's Rubicon, stop lying about it.Let's bring in JL Partner polls director Scarlett Maguire, and Steamboat Institute Blankley fellow Kaylee McGhee White. Thank you for coming on.Kaylee McGhee, to you first. I mean, she did not hear it from NBC. She got it, Ronna McDaniel from media reports that she was out.KAYLEE MCGHEE WHITE, RESTORING AMERICA EDITOR, WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Right, and I don't blame her for hiring a lawyer because she probably has a strong case to make against the network. And this just goes to show if it wasn't already obvious that NBC and the rest of the leftist media are not interested in being legitimate news outlets.Otherwise, they would be welcoming a different point of view to show their viewers. Nor are they interested in being a profitable business, considering their letting low-rated host determined company policy.And it really just goes to show how little they think of their own viewers and quite frankly, of their own beliefs. If they couldn't even have one Republican contributor on air to challenge those beliefs, why even have them in the first place?GALLAGHER: Yes. Here is Rachel Maddow and Jen Psaki, Scarlett and let you respond.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MADDOW: You wouldn't hire a like a wise guy. You wouldn't hire a maid man like a mobster to work at a D.A.'s Office. Right?JEN PSAKI, HOST, MSNBC: Our democracy is in danger. And our democracy is in danger because of the lies that people like Ronna McDaniel have pushed on this country.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, MSNBC says it hired Ronna McDaniel because it loves -- here is a quote, loves having diverse viewpoints.SCARLETT MAGUIRE, DIRECTOR, J.L. PARTNERS: Yes, I mean, exactly. Diversity opinion is incredibly important. I think, no matter how much you might disagree with someone, you should have the confidence to be able to debate them at least, even if you very strongly disagree with them.And they really do seem to be double standards here. I mean, when 10 out of the 14 previous White House press secretaries have left government and taken jobs at T.V. networks, it's hard to see why else that they would have a problem now with Ronna McDaniel.GALLAGHER: Meantime, other politics now, RFK Jr. pick Nicole Shanahan as his V.P. running mate. Axios writes the following here, "President Biden's team is so worried about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s potential impact on the election, that it's built an entire operation dedicated to attacking Kennedy.What do you think about that? I mean, he certainly is pulling voters away from somebody and a lot of people believe it's Joe Biden. Kaylee.WHITE: Well, I think RFK's V.P. pick sort of solidifies that he will, in fact, draw more voters away from Biden than from Trump. He has chosen someone who has a very strong left-wing preference. She has donated to George Soros candidates.This is not someone that you're going to vote for as the average Republican voter.And there are a lot of young adults who really have a lot of hope for RFK to be an independent, moderate. This just goes to show that at the end of the day, he is still a Kennedy Democrat and he always will be.GALLAGHER: Yes, and it's interesting too, because Kaylee make this good point there, Scarlett, you know, you look at her past, and you have Nicole Shanahan who really is progressive. She -- and makes no bones about it, she says she is progressive.But if the election were held today, according to a Suffolk University, USA Today poll, Trump would pull 40 percent, Biden would poll 38 percent. You see Kennedy Jr. there at nine percent, and then, you go down at two percent each for Stein and West.That's 13 percent outside of Trump and Biden. That's a big number when you talk about drawing away from candidates that are that close.MAGUIRE: Yes, it's a huge number. And at the moment, it does indeed look like he would hurt Biden more than he would hurt Trump. There are real signs that Biden's team are probably worried about this and they have every reason to be. We saw this in 2016. Third party candidates hurt Hillary Clinton, especially with younger voters with ethnic minorities. And they are exactly the sorts of people that Biden are worried about losing at the moment.GALLAGHER: Yes. And Kaylee very quickly, when the Biden team, the campaign sees numbers like that, and they see there's 13 percent that's holding out and they just really hired a progressive candidate, it's going to make you a little bit nervous.WHITE: Right. And it's making him nervous because of his already existing enthusiasm gap among his own primary voters. If he had shored up his own base, perhaps a third-party bid wouldn't be that big of a concern. But the fact is that RFK is a threat.GALLAGHER: Yes. Yes. Kaylee McGhee White, Scarlett Maguire, thank you both.Meantime, one of the most dangerous issues on the southern border crisis is the number of gotaways. Those illegal immigrants who flee from border agents. Well, now, those same agents are dealing with walkaways. These are illegal immigrants waiting to be arrested, and yet, being told by a judge they are free to leave to disappear into the U.S. whenever they want.Matt Finn is live with that part of the story. Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, right here on this show, we often report about the threat of the nearly 2 million known gotaways along our border. Those are the migrants who don't surrender and avoid law enforcement.Now, migrants who do want to be detained knowing they can simply walk away, usually while awaiting transport. Those are the walkways. The Washington Times report sometimes hundreds of illegal migrants crossed the border right here in Southern California, then just plump down waiting for overwhelmed U.S. Border Patrol agents who do not have the proper bosses or manpower to process the illegal migrants.The Biden administration says these migrants are not under arrest, so, they are free to leave.The Former Acting Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection under the Trump administration says walkaways are the result of bad policy, explaining it happens because Border Patrol agents are put into a situation of choosing the lesser of two evils. Saying, agents "Either take all the resources to make sure no one leaves, leaving other areas even more wide open, or do the best to process as fast as you can so the chances are fewer will walking away, knowing some are going to walk away."Walkaways can be considered more of a failure by our own government, because agents have those migrants detained, but they are ultimately left to disappear. The Washington Times reports the policy was recently revealed in a court filing for the Flores settlement, which is a decade's old agreement that governs how illegal children are treated when they arrive here to the U.S.Lawyers representing those children's say they're not getting basics like food and shelter as they wait for transfer. Trace.GALLAGHER: Matt Finn, live for us here. Matt, thank you. Let's bring in former Army Reserve captain and intelligence officer, Abe Hamadeh, along with criminal defense attorney and federal litigator Vik Bajaj.Bajaj, thank you both for coming on. We very much appreciate it. It's kind of amazing, Vik, because they come across the border by the hundreds, they wait there to be arrested by the Border Patrol. Border Patrol is handcuffed, they can't really do anything about it. So, the judges like, you guys are free to go, do whatever you want. Go wherever you want. Why even have Border Patrol? They just walk across and walk wherever they want to. Why -- what is the process here that were missing, Vik?VIK BAJAJ, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: There are so many layers to that question, Trace. Let me just put it on the ground floor for us.I've had the privilege of representing people who work in CBP, border patrol, for years and decades as supervisors, they are so conflicted. They put the uniform on every day. They swear to uphold the law. But what they are? A caretakers to provide paper towels, toiletries, and water for people who are coming into the country illegally. I'll tell you it's not fiction.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAJAJ: Any one of our viewers who wants to see this, drive through the desert area from beautiful San Diego to El Centro. I saw it three times on a drive to court.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAJAJ: There are groups of hundreds of people and border patrol agents who are disheveled, disheartened, and are going to have a hard time going to work with the right priorities each day.GALLAGHER: Yes. And Abe, here is the other thing now, you have President Biden who was considering giving illegal immigrants amnesty and handing out green cards.I mean, it's insanity when the rewards just don't stop. The consequences go away, and the rewards keep getting bigger, Abe.ABE HAMADEH, FORMER UNITED STATES ARMY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER: Well, I didn't think it could get much worse than it already was, Trace. But this is what's happening when you have a lawless president.And honestly, it's what happens when our government is run by lunatics. It doesn't make any sense that these criminal illegal immigrants are being rewarded now with green cards. How unfair is that to our immigration process of those who are waiting legally to enter our country?GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMADEH: So, you know, this is a big problem here in Arizona as well. If you look at our southern border, I was just down there. It is completely open. You're having these illegal immigrants now walk aways, but you're having to Biden administration fly-in illegal immigrants too.But here in Arizona, we have criminal gangs who are burglarizing homes, and they are terrorizing -- are these poor residents. So, this is a big problem that Biden administration has created.GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMADEH: So, it seems like they are trying to appease a base because they know that politically, they have lost the American people. So, they are trying to import these foreigners to become now green card holders and eventually citizens.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes. And this is not an illegal immigrant issue, Vik, but it's a big story and I wanted to get your take on it. New York City police officer was shot and killed. The 34-year-old allegedly who shot and killed him, his name, Guy Rivera. We put this up on the screen.He's been arrested at least 21 times, nine arrests for felonies and he was released from prison in 2021. Vik, we do these stories, you and I every week. It's amazing, these people are on the street.We cannot get them off the street and they are killing our police officers and kicking and wounding our police officers. What's your thought.BAJAJ: Just a complete disregard for the law. And let's not forget. New York has a second most difficult gun laws that you can find in the United States of America. But yet, the criminals aren't there getting a background check, they are not doing their 10-day waiting period. Criminals who are criminally minded do not follow the law.This is a great example of what's happening. God bless this young man's family. I understand he left a small child behind.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes. It's awful.BAJAJ: Our thoughts and prayers are with him. But this will continue to happen, Trace, unfortunately.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAJAJ: Until judges take the laboring or and levy these harsh punishments that are authorized by state legislature.GALLAGHER: Back to the migrants now, the border this weekend, we see this. I want to put the video up there. People cutting now more of the razor wire fences coming in.Last time they did this, you have this mass of people coming in, and you can see the pictures right there, the invasion. And the New York Post is saying, they confiscated knives and shanks from these people at the national guard post.Your final thoughts on this. I got about 20 seconds for you on this one, Abe.HAMADEH: Well, if you look at, so disappointing, because the rest of the world knows that our border is open, so, they are going to take advantage of it. But what a shame.I mean they understand that we're not -- we have no enforcement on our southern border, so, now, they are abusing our laws, they are abusing our military.GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMADEH: Imagine if we tried to enter Mexico. They would arrest us, and they would send us back to United States. And yet, here we are, Border Patrol, our military is not doing anything because a lawless Biden administration. This is going to lead to our country's destruction, if we don't change course this November.GALLAGHER: Yes. It's a great point.Abe Hamadeh, Vik Bajaj, thank you both.Coming up, Columbia University is now offering a seminar called Palestinian Resistance 101. Here is the best part. It's being run by a group designated as terrorists.And later, California fast food chains are now five days away from having to pay 20 buck's minimum wage. And they are responding by surprise, surprise, laying off workers.And in the "NIGHTCAP", naming is the latest social media trend where young people speak whole sentences in acronyms hence the term naming. And the names are getting more complex. In fact, we'll have some for you.We want to know if you ever Nim. If so, what's your favorite? Let us know X and Instagram @tracegallagher. The "NIGHTCAP" crew will take this up. We are coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, first up in tonight's "REAL NEWS ROUNDUP", an Atlanta property owner tried to evict squatters and is now being sued by a squatter for $190,000.Few years ago, David Morris allowed temporary stays on his vacant property, but the people refused to leave. Even invited company, now Morris is tied up in an eviction battle, telling ABC News that he's afraid the squatters might get away with stealing his home. They might.The Smithsonian in D.C. has agreed to pay a group of tourists $50,000 after they were kicked out of the museum for wearing pro-life apparel, including a blue beanie with the words, rosary pro-life.The American Centre for Law and Justice says, quoting, museum staff mocked the students, called them expletives, and made comments that the museum was a neutral zone where they could not express such statements.Well, Columbia University hosting a Palestinian resistance event featuring a Palestinian group that was banned from Germany for its ties to terrorism.A Columbia professor slammed the university saying their leaders quote let people with clear links to terrorism, recruit student -- students on campus, they should be fired immediately.And with that, let's bring in the co-author of "Stolen Youth", Montgomery County Maryland School Board candidate, Bethany Mandel.Bethany, great to see you. Nothing like offering up a little Palestinian resistance 101.The Washington Free Beacon writes the following, "Speakers and other attendees were explicit in their support for terrorism against Jews. A Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine activist lauded airplane hijackings as one of the most important tactics that the Palestinian resistance have engaged in."I'm not sure where it ends from there, Bethany, but I think that, you know, probably not the best topic to be bringing on campus?BETHANY MANDEL, CO-AUTHOR, STOLEN YOUTH: No, I mean, it's incredible. The professor who you just show it on air, Shai Davidai, has been fantastic and so outspoken. And in response, he's been the subject of retaliation at Columbia, he alleges.It's really a terrifying time to be a Jewish student on campus. I'm hearing it from professors like Davidai, at professors at MIT.And there was a new survey that was just conducted by the Israel on campus coalition and Schoen Cooperman that showed that 73 percent of Jewish college students feel less safe on campus than they did before 10/7.And the thing that shocking to me about that stat is why isn't it more? Why isn't it like 93 percent instead of 73 percent? But the fear is really palpable, and it's because of stuff like this.GALLAGHER: Yes, and you really do. You wonder, where is the 27 percent? Are they getting, are they getting security from somewhere? Are they feeling secure? Is somebody making them feel better? Because we don't hear those stories. We just don't hear those at all, Bethany.MANDEL: Yes, they're probably honestly hiding their Judaism. That's another thing I'm hearing from a lot of students, especially at Columbia and Barnard, is that they're hiding their Judaism. Both my sisters-in-law are Barnard alumni, and I would be shocked if they let their daughters go there and even more shocked if they donated a penny. Rutgers University is where I went. They're trying to pass a BDS resolution right now. It's craziness across campuses around the country.GALLAGHER: Let's go from Barnard to Bernard. The Washington Times writes the following, "Senators Elizabeth Warren and Bernard Sanders criticized Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday for his secrecy surrounding the technology company's content moderation and censorship of Palestinian related content on Instagram and Facebook." So, the Biden administration can censor Facebook, but do not censor Palestinian content.MANDEL: Yes, and what's really surprising about all this stuff is that really all that the censorship air quotes that's happening is that they're trying to prevent people from seeing not pro-Palestinian propaganda but pro-Hamas propaganda, stuff that is lauding what happened on 10-7. That's what's being censored on Meta and for this, Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are objecting. On what planet do they live on? What do they think happened on 10-7?GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean they should do what I do and took the seminar and go and see the video of what exactly happen on 10-7, they would walk out different people. I can guarantee that. Lastly, the Christian Broadcast Network says the following here, "A Texas school teacher is suing her school district, claiming the school's principal violated her First Amendment rights when he reprimanded her for praying on campus." I think we've litigated this so many times. She prayed with a friend by a flagpole. Yes, your final thoughts on this, Bethany?MANDEL: It's wild to me because everything that's happening with transgender ideology and all that, that is a religion for those on the left. And they don't see it as such, but it is. They have decided that, you know, the burning bush for people of faith is there, like a man can be a woman and a woman is whatever she decides she is at that moment. They have decided that some religions are worthy of protection and support, and some should be shunned. And they've decided that Christianity is a religion that has to be shunned in modern society.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean, we're going to talk earlier, later, about, you know, Sacramento has now made itself a sanctuary place for transgender people, and they don't explain anything about it. We're going to talk about that coming up. Bethany Mandel, thank you.And coming up, they raise their wages and now they got to go. California fast food chains laying off workers. We saw that one coming. And still ahead, they call him Britain's most unwanted dog -- not anymore.And a rookie sumo wrestler just made history in Japan. The day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next. Meantime, 8:32 on the West Coast. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America, live look at Hermosa Beach, California, where it is illegal to pour salt on the highway, but legal to put it on your margarita at Palmia.Louisville, Kentucky, home to the world's largest baseball bat, 68,000 pounds, 120 feet tall. That is a Louisville slugger.Finally, a live look, Hampton Beach, New Hampshire, the state's largest and most popular beach. And if you, for some reason, some wild reason, cannot join us live, do not forget to set your DVR and watch us anytime. We are coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: California's $20.00 minimum wage law starts next Monday, and fast-food chains already laying off their employees. Matt Finn is back live with those details. Matt.FINN: Trace, just a few days left before Governor Newsom's new law amending a $20.00 minimum wage for fast food employees takes effect next Monday. California's minimum wage for fast food workers is jumping $4.00 an hour from $16.00 to $20.00. The Wall Street Journal reports several fast-food restaurants, particularly pizza chains, are starting to cut jobs in anticipation of the minimum wage hike. The California law defines a fast- food restaurant as a limited-service establishment that has no table service and part of a chain with at least 60 locations nationwide.Employers cannot count tips toward a worker's hourly wage. Now, chains like Pizza Hut and Roundtable Pizza plan to lay off more than a thousand delivery drivers. After the layoffs, customers will need to use third-party apps like DoorDash, Grubhub, and Uber Eats for their pizza deliveries. Some pizza chain owners say the increased minimum wage will likely affect prices and impact the customer. The federal minimum wage sits at just $7.25 an hour, way below California's new $20.00 an hour fast food minimum. Trace.GALLAGHER: And it's going to cost us. Matt, thank you. Let's bring in the CEO of OWNET, TV personality Amanda Brilhante, and Fox Nation Host Abby Hornacek. Thank you both for coming on. Abby, I mean, I talked to a guy who owns a bunch of fast-food restaurants, and he said, listen, there's only a couple of ways around this, right? You have to either get rid of employees, which they all have to do, and you have to raise the prices. In most cases, you have to do both. So, we have to pay more, everybody's going to know, and some people are going to lose their jobs over it. It's just a bad idea.ABBY HORNACEK, FOX NATION HOST: Well, and the whole point of fast-food restaurants is convenience and low prices. So, you're going to cut all these people, so you're going to have to wait longer for your fast food, and you're going to have to pay more, so what's the whole point? It's great if you're getting paid $20.00 an hour, but all the people who lost their jobs. And then I also think about the single mom who was like, I'm just going to order a big pizza for my five kids because I don't have time to go to the store.And now, some Pizza Huts are even saying they're going to cut delivery altogether, not even go to a third-party platform. So, I do love to hear how people try to get out of this, though, Greg Flynn, he owns a bunch of Paneras in California. He goes, if we bake bread in-house, we are exempt. And Newsom was like, that doesn't work that way. Give it the old college try though.GALLAGHER: Meantime, the New York Post says the following here, "The Squad Member, Rep. Jamaal Bowman called Israel an apartheid state as he angrily claimed reported rapes and child murders during Hamas October terror attacks were a lie." And now, he, of course, is backing off of that statement. I was saying this earlier, Bethany Mandel, you know anybody and you all bowman could've gone in there, anybody who wanted to see this videotape of exactly what happened on October 7th could have seen it, and he decided not to, and he was just going to say the whole thing was made up. It is something that, you know, you could lose your seat in Congress, and sometimes should, Amanda, what do you think?AMANDA BRILHANTE, OWNET, CEO: I think it's a really good point that what goes on social media, what's on the Internet, stays on the Internet. It did not get deleted. It came back up, just like you said. Now, Bauman, he has to kind of face the tunes here because his challenger is actually raising double the amount that he has, which just goes to show it's a real run for his money there, quite literally. And it shows that he seems to speak before he really thinks about it. This isn't the first time he's faced controversy. He had some conspiracy theory around 9/11. Then he also faced that incident with the pulling the fire alarm while the house was doing a vote. We saw how that turned out. He was reprimanded for the action. So, maybe next time, he'll actually think before he goes and says something.GALLAGHER: And he also said there's no evidence, Abby, of beheaded babies or raped women. And I, you know, you think it's one thing if and there's no consequences for this it just it's somebody else had said this on the other side of the far right they would be marching in front of capitol hill and they just seem to be no consequences may just kind of move on.HORNACEK: Yes, it's the double standard and I don't know if it's something to do with death or what because he also said there was minimal damage done to the pentagon when 125 people died and all 64 people aboard died on that day. Sol it's really horrible, especially when you're talking about rape and sexual assault and when you really do have the evidence, I don't know where he was coming from.GALLAGHER: California Globe, you're from California, Amanda, so the California Globe headline is, Sacramento could become a transgender sanctuary city in a trans-sanctuary state. We just learned tonight the vote was unanimous. Sacramento is now officially a transgender sanctuary place. The problem is nobody can explain it. You read all these articles, you're like, what do you get when you're in a transgender sanctuary? And the answer is, nobody really knows.BRILHANTE: Yes, not only that, it's trans week of visibility. So, this, in my opinion, kind of seems like political posturing. They saw an opportunity to kind of endorse a stance that they were already in. California, it's a progressive state. They were already labeled a sanctuary state for transgender individuals. Sacramento seems to just be dancing in the same position. They're not really going forward and doing anything different.GALLAGHER: You know, what amazes me, Abby, is that, you know, you look at the sanctuary policies of California and you look at how much money this has cost them the sanctuary policies of New York the sanctuary policies for, for illegal immigrants in Massachusetts and the rest of the country and and they are now thinking we have got to get away from this policy and now you have places like Sacramento there's like we're going to double down.HORNACEK: Well, to bring up the point of money I think what I'm getting from people why they're so frustrated with this is that they're ignoring seemingly the 66-million-dollar budget deficit that Sacramento already has. The homelessness population that's increased from 2019 to 2023, 67 percent in Sacramento County. So, you're focusing on an issue that is affecting people for sure, but when you look at the broader people that it's affecting as Sacramento as a whole, that's where I think people are getting frustrated.GALLAGHER: OK, Abby, Amanda, either one of you ever nym? Anybody know what nyming is, Amanda?BRILHANTE: You know, I actually --HORNACEK: Explain it to us, Trace.BRILHANTE: I actually have come across this, and I've come across ones that are incredibly long and gotten to it, but I think my favorite might be IWATSL, I Want a Pumpkin Spice Latte.GALLAGHER: Oh, well, listen, you need to make up another one because the "NIGHTCAP" is coming up. I just want to know if you ever did it. We got to go, but nyming is on the menu next. First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", let's move on to that. Andrew from Minnesota putting a positive spin on yard work by dancing as he shovels the most recent snowfall from his family's driveway. The state got hit with a big winter storm, postponing spring just a little bit longer.An ancient building site in Pompeii is answering questions about how the Romans built those incredible structures, like the Colosseum and Pantheon. Archaeologists discovered tools, bricks, roof tiles, and material for walls. They estimate the site was used or in use until the fateful volcanic eruption in 17 or 79 AD.The pup they called Britain's most unwanted dog is finally found his forever home after being passed from house to house and then spending years in a shelter. Jake the dog has found his family at last. They say they already can't imagine life without him.And crowds in Japan cheer for the rookie sumo wrestler who just won his debut elite competition. The 24-year-old is the first rookie to win their first major elite event in more than a hundred years. If you have a viral video to share, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media. So here it comes.What's your favorite nym or should we say WYFN? Let us know X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We are back with the "NIGHTCA"P crew: Ashley Strohmier, Matt Finn, Abby Hornacek, Vik Bajaj, and Amanda Brilhante. Tonight's topic, HIN. Hey, I'm nyming. nyming's become a TikTok late trend and my daughter, sophomore at Alabama, roll tide, will explain, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hey, Fox, we're nyming. So, nym is basically a shortened version of the word acronym, but instead of the regular acronyms that we use in our daily lives, like LOL for laugh out loud, or IDK for I don't know, these are things that we wouldn't normally say in an acronym. So, for example I could say, ILFN -- I love Fox News.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yay! So, we're going to have you guess a few tonight. Ashley Strohmier, gag. What does gag mean?STROHMIER: Go away, George.GALLAGHER: Get a grip! Amanda Brilhante.STROHMIER: I don't know. I'm tired.GALLAGHER: What does WHAT mean?BRILHANTE: Oh, I'm nervous. Oh, what are you thinking?GALLAGHER: Oh, What Happened After That. Matt Finn, what is TTT?FINN: Triple T?GALLAGHER: Triple T.FINN: Um, no clue.GALLAGHER: No, uh, trying to think. TSA.BAJAJ: TSA, not the Transportation Security Administration, so I wouldn't know.GALLAGHER: No?BAJAJ: As close as I can get.GALLAGHER: Slap, Abby.HORNACEK: Oh, silly laughter appeases people.GALLAGHER: Sounds Like a Plan. Oh, SLAP -- that sounds like a plan. OK, anybody have their own? Amanda, you have your own nym?BRILHANTE: Mine are so simple. We're talking the IDKs, the LOLs, the TSLs. These are hard, though.GALLAGHER: Got it. Ashley? They are hard, yes.STROHMIER: I did come up with my own because I'm a new mom and I'm very tired. I talked to you about this. I'm a new mom. I'm very tired. I talked to you about this yesterday, Trace. It's I-T-T-F-T -- I'm too tired for this. That is, that's fine.GALLAGHER: I love it. Matt Finn.FINN: BRB.GALLAGHER: Bring your own boo?FINN: Be right back.GALLAGHER: Be right back. Got it. Abby. That's B-Y-O-B. Sorry. Boo's on the ring.HORNACEK: I don't think that any word should be truncated unless it's like supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, then it's just super which is also a word. So, I'm all for that. But I think and when you see my text they're like paragraphs because I don't like to abbreviate.BAJAJ: Here's a new one that's going to catch on your show here, Trace, R- A-B, Read a Book.GALLAGHER: Nice, RAB. Mine is WTF? Where's the food? Where's the food? The poll, is it difficult to understand nyms? Yes, 82 percent. No, 18 percent. Instagram, yes, 75 percent; no, 25 percent.Maggie, "WDTM, What Did That Mean?"Ricky Poole, "TIS, This is Stupid." Yes, you're probably right, Ricky.Bill says, "AMAFAUGA, A Meaningless Acronym For Another Useless Government Agency."That's the kind of thing that you want to know. And the whole thing is, one more time, Matt Finn, JFF.FINN: Just For Fun.GALLAGHER: Nicely done. We're getting the rhyme. T-I-N-O, TINO, Abby?HORNACEK: Trace is never --GALLAGHER: Having me on the show again.HORNACEK: Ostentatious.GALLAGHER: Yes. T-I-A, Amanda.BRILHANTE: This is Awesome?GALLAGHER: Ooh, very close. This is Annoying. Ashley-ish, I-S-H.STROHMIER: Oh, come on. I have no idea. I am shaking, what was the last word?HORNACEK: Hands.STROHMIER: Hands. Yes.GALLAGHER: Sorry. W-G-G -- We Got to Go. Thank you all for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher. We'll see you back here tomorrow.