(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time. Thanks to Jamie Lissow, Andrew Gruel, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight. Another vicious school fight caught on camera. A student's cell phone video showing a sixth grader in California being repeatedly punched in the head. The mom of that sixth-grade girl will join us live in moments.Also breaking tonight. Hunter Biden was a no show on Capitol Hill today, but there was still quite a show as lawmakers continued investigating his family business deals. The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with more on that story. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. Former Biden business partner Tony Bobulinski citing a few examples of alleged perjury from Hunter Biden and sworn testimony last month. In fact, he accused him of a few lies. He said the timeline of his business relationship with that Chinese company CFC was all wrong. He also said Joe Biden's interactions with his business associates, he didn't tell the truth about that, it's claimed Bobulinski.He also said that Hunter lied about a threatening text message he sent a Chinese businessman in which he demanded payment and claimed that his dad was seated right next to him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TONY BOBULINSKI, FORMER HUNTER BIDEN BUSINESS ASSOCIATE: He leveraged his father's presence next to him in that infamous text to strong on CFC to paying on her immediately.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Now according to Bobulinski and allegedly confirm according to congressional leaders by bank records. In March of 2017, Hunter Biden's then business partner, Rob Walker, got three million bucks from state energy H.K. That's an account linked to that Chinese company I told you about. Then Walker again, according to testimony, doled out roughly a million bucks of those funds to bank accounts linked to Hunter Biden and other members of the Biden family.Meanwhile, despite earlier demands to do so, Hunter refused to show up for the hearing today. And while Republicans claimed to be tightening the noose on the alleged business nexus between Hunter and Joe Biden, Democrats are scoffing tonight suggesting this will not go anywhere. Now all this is happening as James Comer, the committee chair says he's going to invite the president to provide his own testimony and explain why his family received tens of millions of dollars from foreign companies with his assistance. To be continued, Trace.GALLAGHER: Something tells me the President is not coming.CORKE: I'm guessing so. Yes.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in former deputy assistant attorney general and Cal Berkeley Law Professor John Yoo. John, it's great to have you on the show. Here is Bobulinski with his one big question and I'll get your take.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BOBULINSKI: I asked this big question. If there's no evidence of corruption here today, if Joe's conduct and the conduct of his family were fully legal and proper, then why are they so dishonest about it? Not just slight misrepresentations of fact, but deep untruths, about the entire corrupt enterprise.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, Biden has certainly been untruthful about what he knew and what he did not know, John Yoo, because his son is the one that actually testified to that account.JOHN YOO, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL: This is the problem. And you're -- the Tony there has it exactly right. Why create all these shell companies? Why funnel money secretly through all these accounts? It's because you're seeing millions of dollars coming from abroad and you don't see what they're buying. What are the Biden's actually providing in the -- enters honest goods and services?If it's just influence peddling, well, of course, that's what they would want to hide. They want -- don't want anyone to see that foreign companies, some in our worst enemies or rivals countries are trying to buy access. So, the problem here is how much of that is criminal? And how much of that is impeachable? That's the hard question that committee has to answer now.GALLAGHER: Yes. You're exactly right. Bobulinski was calling out the Democratic lawmakers. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BOBULINSKI: We keep hearing from certain corners that our democracy is at risk. And democracy is on the ballot in '24. Yet the same people preaching this mantra no better. They continue to lie directly to the American people without hesitation and remorse. Rep. Dan Goldman and Jamie Raskin, both lawyers and Mr. Goldman, a former prosecutor with the SDNY from New York will continue to lie today in this hearing.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, he's right on one front, John. They did not want to hear a single word that he had to say. It was all about talking about other things for them.YOO: My impression from the hearing was that nobody was defending Hunter Biden's conduct. Jim Biden -- Jim Biden's conduct. Or the President's conduct. Instead, they said, you don't have enough to impeach him. You don't have the votes. So, let's just wrap up shot but no one was claiming that the Biden's activity here was exactly innocent. I think Bobulinski again has them to rights on that.GALLAGHER: Yes. Here's Alexandria Ocasio Cortez questioning Bobulinski. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): Did you witness the President commit a crime? Is it your testimony today?BOBULINSKI: Yes.OCASIO-CORTEZ: And what crime?BOBULINSKI: Corruption statutes, RICO and conspiracy.OCASIO-CORTEZ: What is it? What is -- what is the crime?BOBULINSKI: I answered the question. RICO, you're obviously not familiar with.OCASIO-CORTEZ: RICO is not a crime. It is a category.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Oops, your final thoughts on this, John.YOO: Well, I don't think AOC should go to law school anytime soon. Because RICO is actually the name of a federal statute that's used all the time to go after racketeering, organized crime, money laundering, if that's what this is. I'm afraid we're going to have to give her another F on this one.GALLAGHER: Yes. She's going to take an F on that one. John Yoo, great to have you on. Thank you.Meantime, we have yet another graphic example of violence plaguing our education system. Tonight, it's horrifying new cell phone video of a girl. She's in sixth grade being severely beaten by a female classmate at a Southern California Middle School. Jeff Paul is live with that story. And the latest pictures on it. Jeff, good evening.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS WEST COAST CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. And the family of the sixth grader who was attacked says this was unprovoked and went on for roughly two minutes. And in that time, the girl was punched in the face, the head, her hair was pulled. And none of the people watching did anything to stop it. And we want to warn our viewers the video we're about to show you might be difficult to watch.Now, this is footage from one week ago at Arizona Middle School in Riverside, California. A victim's rights advocate for the family tells us the girl was walking away from another girl who had made some comments are but then they say the victim was grabbed from behind, dragged down by your hair and then started getting punched all over her head and her face. Her family says she had some bruises on her face and some hair fallout and is now emotionally scarred.But as we've seen in other cases around the country, when it comes to school fights, it doesn't always end that way.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MOSES CASTILLO, VICTIM RIGHTS ADVOCATE FOR FAMILY: We need to take action now. And the schools not only this school district, but schools across the nation should take heed to this and take extra measures to protect our students and our children and our staff. Because the last thing you want is we want somebody to die. That's why we're sounding the alarm. That's why we want -- we don't want another ditch student. No, we don't want that.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: And a statement to Fox News. The district superintendent says they're working closely with the police and that the school has followed all appropriate rules and regulations governing student discipline. They added the safety and wellbeing of our students and staff at our campuses is always the priority. Now Riverside police says their school resource officer assigned to the school will be submitting the case to juvenile probation recommending misdemeanor battery charges against the juvenile suspect, Trace?GALLAGHER: Yes. It's an awful story. Jeff, thank you. Let's bring in the parent of that sixth grade girl who was brutally attacked by a classmate, Jazmin. Jazmin, thank you so much for coming on. I know you didn't want to watch the video of your daughter's beating. I don't blame you. But I want to know what you feel knowing that she went through that, Jasmine.JAZMIN, MOTHER OF 6TH GRADER ATTACKED: Thank you for having me. I have no words. When I saw this video, I was angry. I didn't tell the principal that day. I'm like I bring my daughter here on time, I pick her up. And this is not what a parent is expecting. You know, I just grabbed her, I hugged her. I think God for me to still have her with me. I don't know what happened if it would have been a minute or two after, who knows? She probably would have been killed. I --GALLAGHER: Yes. Hold on one second. Jazmin, could you hear me? Can you hear me? Because I know you pulled your daughter from the school. Do you think the girl who attacked her will face any consequences?JAZMIN: At this point from what I -- what my knowledge is and what they're pretty much just telling me it's like she's going to get a slap on the wrist. And that's not what I want. I want justice. Just as she's -- I want her to --GALLAGHER: Yes. We just lost Jazmin there. Our hearts go out to her and her family. We hope for the best quick recovery for her daughter. Now with a rural perspective on education and other topics. Let's bring in the host of the Home that Heals podcast, Boise, Idaho resident and former news anchor disheartened, DNI worked together 30 plus years ago and in her semi- retirement she is also teaching part time at a charter school.Dee, it's great to see you. It's also heartbreaking as you may have heard to hear that mom's account of the beating her daughter took and it happens in a lot of urban schools. We do this, I mean, every few days, Dee. Not so much in the rural schools. And you told me in your school, the focus is hard work, academics, accountability, and zero bullying. And Dee, it appears to be working. Good to see you. And what do you make of that?DEE SARTON, FORMER NEWS ANCHOR: Oh, well, first of all, you're right. Our hearts go out to Jasmine and her precious daughter. And, you know, you just look at something like that. And to see her in such control right now is amazing because that just infuriates all of us as parents, but to expect that our children will be protected at school. So, one of the things that I really think about is, you know, the reason that we were so -- working so hard to start the charter school that I now worked at 30 years ago is because of the whole bullying issue.And I was visiting lots of schools, you know how would you do that, Trace. We'd go into schools and do different things. And while we were there, I was shocked, I was surprised they were allowed. Even in, you know, real estate 30 years ago and I ran across this woman, her name is Rebecca Stalcup who came up with this method where it is truly zero tolerance for bullying. But it takes consistency, it takes training.It takes all hands-on deck and catching problems like what we just saw in that terrible video. far before something like that happens. And I don't know what all the circumstances were, you know, there could be mental health issues, there could be so many things. But I do know that bullying is a problem as old as time. And I finally see a school where I can tell you and I can tell parents across the country, it can be dealt with, it can be your low tolerance for bullying.GALLAGHER: Yes. And I wonder, Dee, you know you talk about these and it's not like rural areas don't have their own problems. But you wonder, you said it's an -- it's an all-hands-on deck problem. And I wonder how much you believe family and faith roles into that plays into that and how the success rate of these kids around the country?SARTON: Well, you know, interesting question, Trace, because I think faith and family plays into it in this way. Faith gives you a sense of accountability. And family reinforces that. And we see in a lot of our families, their families choose to put their children in our charter school then they're choosing accountability for their child. And, you know, you can have the greatest family and they can have a bully in that child. You know, there -- it can happen.And, but we can help when we are dealing with it. And we're -- when we're training kids, we're showing them high expectations for their behavior, for their academics and we believe they can do it. I always say and we say this a lot on our podcast, you know, we so underestimate the capacity of our children to understand spiritual things, to understand how to be in society. And we've kind of decided that they're just kids. Well, no, they're not just kids.They are amazing human beings. And they can do amazing things when we believe in them. We reinforce it. And we're consistent in how we do it. And just one quick thing, you know, what our principals in our schools, they all teach too, they know these kids. And so, they're in the classrooms. I have -- I have a principal in my classroom about every other day and they're engaged with, you know, the teachers and the kids. And we really do a lot of follow through.So, I know it's, you know, it sounds probably -- it's not easy. It's not easy, but it can be done and faith and family support especially is very important to reinforce all of this kind of holistically.GALLAGHER: Yes. Listen, I've said it before. I said Dee Sarton was always the greatest news anchor I'd ever seen. She was in Boise, Idaho, the queen of Idaho market for a long time. Dee, was great to have you on the show. It's good insight. It's good analysis. Best of luck to you and thank you for coming on. We appreciate it.SARTON: Well, our prayers for Jazmin and her family. And Trace, great to see you too. I love watching your show.GALLAGHER: Yes, thank you, Dee. We appreciate that. Well, brand new tonight. TikTok teens now harassing Congress with threatening phone calls. One user left a message for her Senator saying that if Congress bans Tiktok she would shoot and cut her Senator into a million pieces.Ashley Strohmeyer is live with the new information on that. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace. The House of Representatives worked quickly to pass the so-called TikTok ban. But it appears things are going to move much slower in the Senate. That is not stopping senators from being inundated with calls from constituents including this threatening one made to Republican Senator Tom Tillis. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If you ban TikTok, I will find you and shoot you. That's people's job and that's my entertainment. And people make money off there too. You know, I'm trying to get rich like that. Anyways, I'll shoot you and find you and cut you into pieces. Bye.SEN. THOM TILLIS (R), NORTH CAROLINA: She sounds like she was about 16 years old or younger. To have TikTok tell these kids to do that. Does it actually help their case? It hurts their case.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: A spokesperson for TikTok did speak out on X writing threats like this are unacceptable. And would you condemn this in the strongest possible terms. Clearly, there are millions of Americans who want to speak out against the ban bill that would trample Americans constitutional rights of free expression. But we must all do so in a respectful civil manner. Senators were briefed on security threats posed by the social media platform today as long as it retains to its ties to China with some calling for legislation to be passed as soon as possible, Trace.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you. Let's bring in Moms for Liberty Los Angeles chapter chair Karen Frost and Stolen Youth co-author Bethany Mandel. Thank you both for coming on. Bethany, the quote is, if you didn't hear first time for this TikTok student who sent this to the senator, I'll shoot you. And I'll find you and I will cut you into pieces. We talked about stolen youth.I mean, that's one of those things where you think what, but that's what it was? What do you think?BETHANY MANDEL, CO-AUTHOR, STOLEN YOUTH: I mean, this is proving the fact that we need to do something about TikTok. The fact that kids are so physically and emotionally hooked on their devices, and hooked onto this idea of, you know, I have to be on this app or my life as I know, it will end. This is proving the point that we really have a serious issue that we need to address within our youth.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. I want to move because off the TikTok thing, Karen Frost is here. And going back to where we left off with Dee, this violence in schools, it is becoming a bigger problem. And we see this. We have sixth grader, we just talked to the mom and the, you know, we have there's a child who was still in the hospital. I mean, she was fighting for her life for the better part of a week.And you wonder if the school beatings are happening for a certain reason? Why are they increasing? What do you think is going on across the country?KAREN FROST, CHAIR, CHAPTER CHAIR, MOMS FOR LIBERTY L.A. CHAPTER: I don't know. I don't know why anybody's really surprised. Honestly, we take kids, we lock them out of a classroom for two years, not giving them any kind of social interaction in the classroom. We lock them in their room with a digital device where they are consuming an enormous amount of social media that's really kind of dehumanizing humans.And then we have agendas to remove school police and the public safety officers from the campus. We have kids that just don't have respect for authority in the classroom. I mean, it's a totality of issues. But we're seeing it and it's increasing. But it's not just one thing. There's a lot of things that have created the situation where we're just seeing an increase in violence at kids younger and younger and it's really devastating.GALLAGHER: We keep lowering standards. We keep eliminating consequences, and we think the results are going to -- are going to get better and better and better and it's just not going to happen. WRAL says the following here, Bethany Mandel, approximately 46 percent of schools in America have seen an increase in fighting and violence. That's according to a survey by the National Center for Education Statistics, that is half of schools, that is half of schools. That is -- that is an astounding number.MANDEL: The only thing that's surprising to me, honestly, is that it's not more. I'm hearing this from teachers and parents and students across the board. I'm running for school board here in Montgomery County and I'm hearing it constantly. And a lot of it is the fault of restorative justice, the fact that instead of disciplining kids, instead of teaching them right from wrong, we're forcing bullies and the kids that they are bullying into agreement of, know, let's all Kumbaya and sit down and come to an understanding.No, I'm sorry. If you are physically violent, there has to be consequences. And that's not the case anymore for our youth in schools.GALLAGHER: No, it really isn't. And speaking of lowering standards, I thought this was interesting. I wanted to bring it up with you Karen because the daily wire headline reads the following. Mandatory bar exam nixed in Washington State over equity concerns. It goes on to say, a taskforce found that the traditional bar exam disproportionally unnecessarily blocks historically marginalized groups from entering the practice of law.So, you have a situation where if you're going to be a contractor, you got to take a test, you're going to be a realtor, you got to -- but if you're going to be a lawyer, now, you just need to apprentice under somebody for a few hours. It's changing very quickly and they keep lowering the standards, Washington state.FORST: We keep moving the goalposts, we keep lowering the standards. And you know, Moms for Liberty -- especially Moms for Liberty Los Angeles County, our main emphasis is on education. We need to get back to the basics for all kids. You know, kids need to be literate, kids need to have mathematical aptitudes. We need to build these kids up, not lower the standards, but really build them up to be successful outside of the classroom once they graduate.Kuwait and doing this lowering the standards is not doing anybody a service. It's a disservice to the community as a whole and it's a disservice to the student as a whole when they go out into the world. The standards, you know, are not going to be universally lowered for them for the rest of their lives.GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, look, academics, right? Accountability, hard work. Bethany Mandel, I've got 15 seconds for you to wrap us up.MANDEL: Yes, I mean, I would like to hire a lawyer with the knowledge of did you pass the bar or not? And we will know that by how they're -- how they're practicing. But this is the bigotry of low expectations. You think that, you know, only people who are privileged can pass the bar. I'm sorry, no, everyone can pass the bar. And if we set ourselves up with expectations, everyone is better off instead of lowering the bar in the name of equity. It's mind boggling to me that we're in this place in 2024.GALLAGHER: Yes, across the board. Everybody can do it. Bethany, Karen, thank you so much. Coming up. Our own Bill Melugin got a firsthand look at the crisis on the southern border during a ride along that you need to see with ICE. He'll show us several felons being arrested facing deportation and then agents why they're blaming the sanctuary policies.And later in The Nightcap. A new study finds a so-called Exercise Pill could effectively replace working out. No sweat, no tears, just pop a pill. Would you try it? Why? Why not? Let us know, X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses in The Nightcap. 8:21 here on the West Coast to FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America. A live look Spokane, Washington, the birthplace. Did you know this a Father's Day for celebrated 1910?Next, Minneapolis Minnesota nicknamed the City of Lakes, home of the L.A. Lakers. That's the original home Finally alive EarthCam look at Brooklyn, New York. Home to the nation's first children's museum opened back in 1899. If you cannot join us live don't forget set your DVR. Watch us anytime. We're better live but watch us anytime. We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT has exclusive video of a ride along with ICE deportation officers as they arrest three Mexican nationals in Los Angeles. You won't be surprised to learn that all three have lengthy criminal history, served prison time in the U.S. and we're in the country illegally. Here's Bill Melugin.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: It's 4:00 a.m. in Los Angeles and this team of ICE deportation officers is briefing on their targets for the day. Drug traffickers with lengthy criminal histories. The first target, a Mexican woman previously convicted of trafficking opioids in L.A.CHRISTIAN MENJIVAR, ICE LOS ANGLES: She was selling these opioids from a swap meet shop in one of the local areas and distributing it to the minors.MELUGIN (voiceover): After surveilling the area, she spotted leaving her home in a pickup truck. ICE officers swarmed the street pulled a woman over and arrest her. ICE she's a convicted felon who has already been deported from the U.S. four times. During her intake found thousands of dollars in cash on her.The convicted felon that ice just arrested is behind me being processed and booked right now and ICE tells us because of her criminal history, she could be deported as soon as tonight.Moments later ICE officers bring in another convicted felon they've just arrested. A Mexican man with convictions for trafficking meth and domestic violence.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Due to sanctuary policies unfortunately, our detainers are not being honored. It is frustrating.MELUGIN: Do you guys have any presence at the jail whatsoever?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No.MELUGIN: And ICE blames those sanctuary policies for having to arrest this third felon of the day. He was previously convicted of trafficking meth and being a felon in possession of a gun. And ICE he was released without notice after local authorities ignored their request to hold him.Sanctuary policy?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sanctuary policy, detainer not honored.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That misconception that were out there, indiscriminately conducted raids at checkpoints. That's just simply far from the truth.MELUGIN: ICE says they are frequently arresting illegal aliens who have already been deported from the U.S. before. Sometimes deported multiple times. Under U.S. law. illegal reentry is a felony punishable with prison time and ICE says they'd like federal prosecutors to start imposing more consequences for these repeat crossers. We'll send it back to you.GALLAGHER: Bill, thank you. Let's bring in GOP strategist and attorney Mehek Cooke. J.L. partners polls director Scarlett Maguire and Fox News contributor Steve Hilton. Welcome to you all. Mehek, to you first. I want to play a soundbite kind of picking up from where Bill's piece left off there of Thaddeus Cleveland. He is a Texas sheriff who said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)THADDEUS CLEVELAND, TERRELL COUNTY, TEXAS SHERIFF: Your viewers need to know that the U.S.-Mexico border is no longer the U.S.-Mexico border. It's the U.S. oral border. People from all over the world are exploiting the border here to make entry into the United States illegally.GALLAGHER: He's right, Mehek. And because of social media, the whole world also knows the border is wide open.MEHEK COOKE, ATTORNEY: You're right, Trace. I mean, the truth is, Biden really doesn't want to prevent illegal immigration. He supports these sanctuary cities. He supports a system where illegal immigrants can escape conviction for the same crimes that American citizens are being punished for today. And there's no amount of death in Biden's America that's going to change these border policies. Look at what happened to Laken Riley, look at what happened to those two police officers that were beaten in New York City. Biden's policy is quite literally an allegory for the death of America. That's what we're truly facing today.GALLAGHER: Steve, you know California politics. California settlement Bill Essayli said the following here, "The fact that California law protects criminals from being handed over to immigration officials is outrageous. Not only does it endanger the public by allowing illegal alien criminals to be released into the communities, it also endangers the federal agents who have to go and find these criminals. I mean it's a crime against society and let they propagated year after year, Steve.STEVE HILTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It is an absolute scandal, a massive scandal. Thank goodness we have Bill Melugin to report on this as he has been doing on the scandal at the border for the last few years. And Democrats try and turn this into an argument about immigration as if by ending sanctuary status somehow that means you're anti-immigrant and all the rest of it. What an absolute lie, a disgraceful lie. This is about crime. Look, we've got enough crime here in America to start with. We don't need to import criminals and then re-import them and re-import them as we let people come back in and commit crimes constantly because we're not enforcing the law.GALLAGHER: Yes, you're exactly right. Congressman Tony Gonzalez was talking, Scarlett, about the back and forth Texas law. The Supreme Court gives them the right to go in and enforce the law, the immigration law, and then it's now back on hold. And Congressman Gonzalez said the following.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. TONY GONZALES (R-TX): If the Biden administration spent as much time trying to fix the border as they are trying to block things from happening, Americans will be a whole lot safer for that. I'm tired of the back and forth.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Everybody's tired of the back and forth. If they could just close the border, it would benefit so many people who live in that area and across the country, Scarlett.SCARLETT MAGUIRE, J.L. PARTNERS POLLS DIRECTOR: Yes, absolutely. I mean, people in Texas are incredibly concerned about that border. Two-thirds overall, including just over half of Democrats, too. People in Texas back the governor in his action but also people nationally. Seven in ten Americans think that Texas should take action against the state.GALLAGHER: Yes, I'm going to do a little politics now because there's some polls we just got. The Marist poll in Georgia, Mehek Cooke head-to-head. We've got Trump, 51 percent; and Biden, 47 percent. Boy, that's a change. The whole landscape is kind of changing. It's early, still, but those are, those are shifting numbers for President Biden.COOKE: Well, it's truly exciting to see for President Trump, because I've said this all along, Biden is hemorrhaging voters, and partly it's because Biden is so out of touch. He is more worried about electric vehicles and green energy rather than his soft on crime policies, immigration, Bidenomics. He's even losing the black voter base and some of the other voters like Hispanics that were his core. The voters that used to vote for him are now turning their back because they've been taken for granted by Joe Biden. He is so out of touch with average everyday working Americans today, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's interesting because Steve, you look at this, and I thought this was most fascinating. The overall was, as we said, 51-47. Now, let's look at 18 to 29-year-olds. And look at this, Trump, 51; Biden, 46. Again, we talk about the Hispanic people moving toward President Trump. And now you see young people in Georgia starting to move toward the former president. What do you make of it?HILTON: Well, it shows exactly what we were just hearing. It's that you have a Democratic Party now, which is totally controlled by this intellectual elite with their far-left progressive views. They're just wildly removed from the day-to-day concerns of regular Americans. And you have Joe Biden still prattling on about how he's, you know, a blue-collar guy in Scranton, Pennsylvania, when he can get the words out, rambling on about what his dad used to tell him. But meanwhile, the people who actually run the party, that he has absolutely no capacity to stand up to, they are pushing the Democratic Party so far away from their base and their constituency that they used to rely on, it is a massive demographic shift, a massive realignment in American politics.GALLAGHER: Yes, lastly the Marist poll on the impact of the State of the Union put these number up. Were you more confident? 31 percent. Less confident? 32 percent. 37 percent say no difference at all. They thought it was going to give the president a bump. Doesn't look like it. Your final thoughts on this Scarlett?MAGUIRE: Yes, absolutely, so we talked about the State of the Union speech before, it has not given Biden a bump. There was a lot of anticipation saying maybe this could move the dial, maybe the fact that he was more lively, sort of more on the ball would maybe change things. And actually, no, and we're seeing them in states like Georgia this is going to really matter that he's not being able to pull ahead of these big set-piece moments.GALLAGHER: Yes, Scarlett Maguire, Mehek Cooke, Steve Hilton, thank you all. Well, meantime, an 82-year-old woman says she was banned from a local YMCA after speaking out against a man who was using the women's locker room. Fox Nation host, Abby Hornacek, joins us live on set next. But first, a live look at Rockville, Maryland, hometown to Helen Maroulis, the first team USA Olympic champion in women's wrestling. We are coming right back. An 82- year-old woman kicked out of a YMCA because she wanted a man kicked out of the locker room, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, first up in tonight's "REAL NEWS ROUNDUP", growing calls tonight to boycott Planet Fitness including one ex-user who said the gym should be given the so-called Bud Light treatment. The backlash stems from a policy allowing gym members to use the locker room that corresponds with their gender identity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): We do have our transport program also that's going to be operational. So, Haitians land in the Florida Keys, their next stop very well may be Martha's Vineyard.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Governor Ron DeSantis issuing a not so subtle warning to any Haitian migrants making their way to Florida. The warning is reminiscent of the time he helped arrange flights for illegal immigrants to Martha's Vineyard back in 2022, and those migrants were then shifted back to the mainland. The president of West Texas A&M University called, cancelled a student organization charity drag show for the second year in a row after the Supreme Court declined to intervene. A lawsuit was filed the first time the president cancelled the event. That was back in March of 2023 and is still being considered by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" is just now hearing the story of 82-year-old, Julie Jaman, a Democrat who lives in Port Townsend, Washington. Mrs. Jaman has been swimming at the local YMCA for forty years and after a swim she went into the women's locker room and took a shower during the shower she heard a male voice, so she pulled back the curtain and witnessed a male in a female swimsuit watching little girls undress. She then asked the person straight up if that was indeed a penis, and the response was, "none of your business". Julie Jaman then called for help, and the offender was promptly escorted off the property.Of course, the offender was Julie Jaman, who the pool staff accused of being "discriminating." So, if common sense has this right, the 82-year-old woman who thought she was witnessing a crime and was looking out for young girls was actually discriminating so are men who identify as women now more important than women? Can women no longer object to biological males being in their private spaces? Julie Jaman is now suing the YMCA because she wants to be allowed back into the pool. The YMCA won't comment, but common sense will. Safety, privacy, and dignity exist. And at last check, belief and identity does not override biological reality. And with that, let's bring in Fox Nation host, Abby Hornacek. Abby, it's great to have you on the show.ABBY HORNACEK, FOX NATION HOST: It's great to be here.GALLAGHER: First time in the studio. It's amazing. I just, I do this story, I was reading this, like, this is not true. It happened to us, you know, several months ago and she's now fighting filing the lawsuit trying to get back in because she just wants to swim in the pool that she's been swimming in for 40 years.HORNACEK: 40 years.GALLAGHER: She thought she was doing the right thing and here's where she is.HORNACEK: You know, Trace, I think people get so lost in this conversation that they forget to look at basic humanity. I grew up an athlete, I spent a lot of time in locker rooms. It's a place where, especially as a female, you want to feel safe because it's also a place where you feel the most vulnerable. So, if you have anyone, I don't care what your gender is, if it was an older woman and she was looking at two little girls, which is what is being alleged here, that's unacceptable behavior no matter what.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. So, Paris Olympic Games, the Olympic Village will host 10,000 athletes and there will be no air conditioning. Here's the mayor of Paris and here's her explanation. Watch. It's coming. Hold on.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANNE HIDALGO, MAYOR OF PARIS (through translation): I think we have to trust science on two things. First, on what scientists are explaining to us. The fact that we are on the edge of the precipice regarding the tipping point. The irreversibility of climate change. And that everyone must become aware of this, including athletes.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: So, climate change, no air conditioning, sorry athletes, you know you're going to have to be a little hot. But we've got good news, they are going to pass out 300,000 condoms to all the athletes in Athletes Village. And you think, well it's going to be a lot of hot sex. And I don't mean hot, I mean physically hot. You know, it's going to be, what do you think?HORNACEK: I think I asked the most important question, and I had to look this up, but are condoms biodegradable? And they are not, Trace, it says the majority are not -- so you're going to cut air conditioning for the climate but you're going to give enough condoms to these athletes where it's being reported that each condom or each athlete would get two condoms a day. That's the amount that they're pushing out there kind of reminds me of the Beijing 2022 Olympics when China cared a little bit more about optics than the actual athletes. Athletes were complaining about their eating schedules, the food that they were being given, and here you have no air conditioning for these athletes that are expected to operate at 100 percent.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's not going to work. And their carbon footprint is going to be even bigger with the condoms. Lastly, a woman inherits a home in Queens. She tries to sell it, she goes to the house, it's squatters, she gets the squatters out. She changes the locks, right? And then the cops come and arrest the woman who changed the locks. Of course, they would. That's just a -- they arrest the 82-year-old woman who actually tried to turn the gun and then you arrest the person who changed the locks of her own home.HORNACEK: This feels like the same reason there were guardian angels on the subways in the 80s. It's that citizens have to start doing this themselves. Now you have people actually trying to remove these squatters. They're the ones getting arrested. It's truly crazy and I actually asked a lawyer friend of mine about this and he said that squatters laws actually kind of are based off of an older law that it's adverse possession laws and have to get into that but basically says that you know you don't you can't just buy land and not improve upon it so now people are abusing that law there are several iterations past that now but you know people are still doing this and it's just so crazy. I'm staying with that same friend, and I'm like, I might be a squatter.GALLAGHER: You might be a squatter.HORNACEK: You can't kick me out.GALLAGHER: Don't give me a key. Don't give me a key. You might have to be out. Abby, great to have you on. Thank you.HORNACEK: Thanks.GALLAGHER: Well, coming up, what if working out was as easy as just taking a pill? You get the same physical benefits. Would you do it or is it cheating? Let us know, x an Instagram at Trace Gallagher. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP," coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Jeff Paul, Abby Hornacek, Mehek Cooke, and Bethany Mandel. Tonight's topic, miracle pill. Scientists spent the past 10 years developing a pill that can mimic the effects of exercise. And now, they've created one that can boost your metabolism and increase your muscle growth and performance. Would you try replacing your workouts with this exercise pill? Before I go to you, I want to put the poll up here because our viewers are lying to us, Kevin Corke. Look at this. They say, would you try the exercise pill? Yes, 41 percent. Instagram, 31 percent. I'm thinking the number is higher, Kevin. What do you think?CORKE: To quote Joe Wilson, "you lie." Yes, I'd try that. You better believe it. And as long as it didn't kill me, yes, I want to try it and see if it works.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean, why not, right? I mean, Jeff Paul, the whole thing here is if you can sneak away on a Saturday and be able to go have some fun and still work out.PAUL: Yes, there's always a catch, though. I feel like you take this five years down the road, you lose a leg or you have some sort of cholesterol problem, there's always a catch. Nothing to substitute an honest run.GALLAGHER: You guys are bummers. Mehek, what do you think?COOKE: Look, I want to know if this pill increases muscle tone and cardio health. Being thin doesn't mean you're automatically fit, right? And I also want to know what Dr. Fauci says, Trace.GALLAGHER: Me too. Bethany Mandel.MANDEL: I love the question that you're positing. Would you replace your workout as if a workout is happening? So, I appreciate the vote of confidence, but there is no easy button. It's why I'm fat. I'm not interested in a magic pill because there are consequences. There are always consequences. There is no easy button.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier.STROHMIER: No, I think it's a big fat no for me because of the consequences. I think it may have been Kevin that said there's something that can happen later on the road five years from now. I mean, you can't trust all this stuff.GALLAGHER: Yes, you can't. Abby.HORNACEK: Will it get me to the Olympics? Because I would love to go roast in no air conditioning.GALLAGHER: No air conditioning, 300,000 condoms, no! It's not going to get you to it.HORNACEK: I'm a firm believer that working out is not just for your body, it's for your brain. And it teaches you motivation and waking up early and doing things when you don't want to do them. So, I say no.GALLAGHER: Ziggy Stardusted, "I truly enjoy working out. It brings you peace of mind and body."Rick Johnson, "We already have something similar. It's called methamphetamine."Liz, "I would try it."Mike, "I think I'd wait for a couple of years to see if there's any side effects and then I'd decide."Thank you for watching America's late news, joining the "NIGHTCAP", all that stuff. We'll see you back here tomorrow.