BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Great story. Tomorrow on "SPECIAL REPORT," Houthi terrorists partner with China and Russia. We'll bring you that story. Thank you for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this "SPECIAL REPORT." Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts in just a minute.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from Washington tonight.We're going to bring you the primetime crossover event that I know you've been waiting for. Jesse Watters joins the Angle.Plus, BLM protesters shut down Kyle Rittenhouse and harassed students at the University of Memphis. Tonight, Rittenhouse is here to respond.And coming up, this sure looks like an invasion, dramatic video of illegals bum-rushing our southern border. But first, they're coming for the suburbs. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.For decades, a left-wing intelligentsia, such as it is, has enjoyed railing against the suburbs, calling them lily-white hotbeds of dysfunction. McMansions managed by Stepford Wives, drivers of climate change. It's endless ridicule and disdain.And they've been desperate to change zoning laws in order to force social and demographic change on neighborhoods that the left does not consider diverse enough. The word you hear a lot of now is equity. And this week, Biden announced initiatives to advance housing equity and promote what he claims to be affordable housing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) U.S. PRESIDENT: Folks, we know affordable housing has been a challenge for a long time. To solve it long term, we have to increase supply. Because when supply is down, demand is up, cost thrives. The bottom line to lower housing costs for good is to build, build, build.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And how will this be done? Through a federal power grab, essentially, an aggressive federal intervention and local politics, a plan to pressure cities and other localities to relax zoning restrictions that prevent the construction of, let's say, a tenement in the middle of a single-family home neighborhood.Biden's outgoing HUD Secretary, Marcia Fudge, has said that we're about a million housing units short in the United States right now. Of course, this is like an arsonist complaining of smoke from a house fire that that arsonist said himself. High interest rates and inflation, both of which Biden's responsible for, are the single biggest drivers of housing costs today. Add that -- add to that 10 to -- what, 12 million illegal aliens, and you have a true housing deficit on your hands.Now, these new recommendations are a political wish list that could be the basis for his housing policy in a second term. So if you like your suburbs safe and uncongested, and you like your gas-powered SUV, then you better vote for Trump in November because they're coming for both.Of course, we can't discount that politics are coming into play here either. Biden chose to unveil his housing policy blueprint in Nevada this week, where the polls are beginning to look very grim for Democrats.I guess we're going to see if folks in Reno and the Vegas suburbs are really clamoring for multi-story apartment buildings in their neighborhoods. I don't think so.Now, of course, Biden tried to make it sound all like kind of like a Norman Rockwell painting.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: My dad used to always say was that, the way you build equity in your home is the way you build wealth. So when you build enough equity in your home, then you have enough money to borrow to get something new and move and so on. And that's how everybody makes it. Everybody in the middle class makes it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So says a man who has done more to damage the middle class than any president since Jimmy Carter. Biden's open border, the push for more foreign workers, his ridiculously high energy costs, his war on the gas- powered vehicles, all of it, every single thing is an attack on middle- income workers.Now Biden himself tries to sell his attack on the suburbs as just common sense. But listen closely to the words of his dim bulb energy secretary, Jennifer Granholm.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JENNIFER GRANHOLM, ENERGY SECRETARY: We're trying to embed structural equity into a system that has been structurally inequitable. And it's not just the community benefits plans, but it's also the way these tax incentives have been structured.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Embed structural equity. So all you racists in the suburbs, get ready. Because you don't have a right to live in such a big house on a quarter of an acre, third of an acre, half an acre of land.Now, you're not being an ally for housing equity if you do. And when structural equity in that lingo is not enough to get your juices flowing, radical socialist Congressman Jamaal Bowman has a message for all you capitalists out there.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMAAL BOWMAN, (D) NEW YORK: It is plantation capitalism to have someone paying 40, 50, 60% of their salary towards rent. That is plantation capitalism. Rent should be capped at 20% of someone's salary. We need to invest and pass the Green New Deal for public housing.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right, I hope the business community is happy that they got into bed with those loons. Yeah. The truth is big government got us into this mess and more spending and the destruction of the suburbs is only going to make the divide in this country more stark.Suburbs over time will become more like cities or worse slums. But the super-rich, they're going to be insulated from all of it. The only thing that will drive down costs is a booming economy, more growth, less wasteful spending, less offshoring of American manufacturing to countries in Asia.At the beginning of 2020, mortgage interest rates were 3.72%. Today, they're around 7.56%. So doubling rates means first time home buyers are forced into smaller homes or forced out of the market altogether. And of course, liberals love that. Well, for you, not for them. They prefer that you live like mice in a maze or China style with high rises as far as the eye can see.Remember the rules that they want to impose on the rest of us never ever affect them. The Obama's compound in Martha's Vineyard won't be affected by new zoning laws, nor will the Biden's estate in Wilmington. And the Clintons, yeah, they're safe in Chappaqua. And if the government doesn't deliver on housing, well, some resentful miscreants are taking matters into their own hands by squatting in other people's homes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And now a landlord is stuck with someone in possession of their property who they thought they were entering into with one person and it actually turned out to be another.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You have every right to be in the house --WOMAN BEHIND CAMERA: I do ma'am.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you not -- you do not. According to my lease and me and my girlfriend own the house. So I don't know what you need to take up with the police. You know what? Whatever the case maybe.WOMAN BEHIND CAMERA: I own the house.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, what a nightmare. And if illegal aliens already feel justified walking right into our country uninvited. Now, why should we be surprised if they settle into our homes too?Now, this video supposedly posted by an illegal seems like something from "The Babylon Bee."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): My people, I have thought about invading a house in the United States because I learned there's a law that says if a house is not inhabited, we can expropriate it. I think that will be my next business. Invade abandoned houses.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Because of Bidenomics, high interest rates and the stupid blue state COVID lockdowns that killed off so many businesses, foreclosures are up. And we know that banks are essentially absentee landlords until they can off -- offload these properties, which makes foreclosed homes private targets for squatters, including the newcomers, according to Fox News Digital.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIEL PHILLIPS, REAL ESTATE LITIGATION ATTORNEY: Due to the increase in migration to the country, you have a shortage of housing, which is already a problem. And now you have a huge influx of people coming into the country with really nowhere to go. Although they're giving temporary housing, it's not a permanent solution. So people are really looking for somewhere that they can possibly stay long term.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yeah, long term. Welcome. All those squatter stories, really nothing new. They're becoming far too common in Biden's America. It's a sign of the times where Americans who work hard, Americans who follow the rules are forced to pay for those who don't or just have their neighborhoods ruined altogether.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People would find a house that's for sale that's empty. They break into the house and then they claim that they have rights to the house and they stay there. They know that the New York policy is with landlord tenant court that it'll take 26 or 40 months to get them out. So they're never going to be held criminally liable. They don't believe so. So they come in, they take the house and they rent out rooms.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oftentimes the police get called, then they see a fake lease. The home's original locks and codes have been changed and the squatters just continue to live there rent free while the matter's all tied up in court.In Queens, a homeowner was actually arrested after changing the locks, forcibly evicting the squatters. Yeah, his house, evicting the squatters and he's the bad guy.But that's not like so much in liberal La La Land because look, no consequences for real criminal wrongdoing where phony charges of racism are just used as a battering ram, where everyone has to live with less, with more crime and less freedom. Again, this is all done in the name of equity.Now, I know there are a lot of suburban women out there who think, God, I got to vote for Biden. They want to save abortion. But the Biden plan to rezone the suburbs should send you running to Trump. Wake up, save the life you worked hard to create for yourself and your family. And that's the angle.Joining us now, Jesse Watters, the host of "Watters Primetime" at 8 p.m., author of the new smash book, "Get It Together."Jesse, I think this is the first time you've been on "The Angle," is it not? I mean, you've been on every show. I'm like the 10th on Fox now with, for the book.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm just happy to be here any way possible. I don't care if it's for five seconds or five minutes, Laura.INGRAHAM: Are you squatting on THE INGRAHAM ANGLE?WATTERS: I am. I --INGRAHAM: We're just --(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: You cannot evict me.INGRAHAM: Yeah, excuse me.WATTERS: Jesse squatters.INGRAHAM: The fact that this is what it's come to in the United States of America, you know, your -- your book gets into the minds of the radical leftists, but they love this idea of giving the suburbs their comeuppance, don't they?WATTERS: Yeah. It's happening in a town near me, unfortunately. And the local politicians fought it tooth and nail for a while. And then they caved because the money that they were throwing at these developers, it was just too juicy to turn down. So they've broken ground. There's construction everywhere and they're putting in large amounts of low-income housing.They just destroyed this beautiful forest. You can see it from the side of the road. And usually towns grow organically over long periods of time that give the town time to prepare. But the area where you shop in this neighborhood, you got your butcher, you got your dry cleaner, your little juice store. There's no parking. There's not enough space in this little area to all of a sudden there's 400 new people like that.They just don't have the bandwidth to be able to have all these people come in. It's going to change the fabric of the town, the contours of the town, the traffic, the school system. Everything changes like that.And if you say you're against it, you're racist. But it also not only helps the developers, Laura, you're bringing in a lot of lower income people, perhaps they're minorities, perhaps they're receiving government welfare. They're most likely voting for Democrats.You take a lot of these Democrats, bring him to districts that are probably a little more conservative. And then all of a sudden that's a swing district. You've imported hundreds and hundreds of voters into this area and the next election may not go the way it's usually gone.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, you know, they really always hated the suburbs, right? So when you go on Google and you put in suburbs or problems, there's like five things that come up, the problems with the suburbs, suburban sprawl, climate change in the suburbs.It is just a nasty list of -- of what they represent for, you know, the problem of fighting equity. So the goal here is to make everyone more equal. But do you agree that this actually makes the divide between the haves and have nots more pronounced because the middle class completely is gone at that point?WATTERS: Right. Because you're oversaturating the lower class with benefits and the wealthy people can move. They could do whatever they want. And the middle class totally gets forgotten as Trump said, or squeezed. It's going to create a lot of social animosity. There's going to be crime.It's going to change housing prices. Housing prices, Laura, I mean, I remember getting out of school and putting down a small down payment on a house, fixing it up. In a couple of years you sell it, you make a little money.If you're getting out of school now you can't afford houses with these rates, 7%, 8%, that is absolute insanity. So then you start putting off getting married, putting off having a family. It just delays the American dream to where you're 40 years old. You're still living in the city with no kids. That's not a way to grow the American dream. That's a way to destroy it.And that may be what they want. I'm not inside their heads. I got inside of a lot of other people's heads though, when I wrote "Get It Together." And you see this a lot, this kind of narcissism, this desire to lash out and take revenge at people. It's not well thought out. It's irrational.People have problems. They're projecting their problems on the rest of society. They say, I'm not the problem. Society is the problem. We're going to remake society so I feel better. But all it does is make everybody else angry. So we have to tell them --INGRAHAM: Oh, that's the goal.WATTERS: -- knock it out, get it together. One word, no. We don't say that word enough.INGRAHAM: I think this is a great issue for Trump though. All these suburban women are like running to Biden, bye-bye suburbs. Your suburbs are going to be gone.WATTERS: He said it in the last election. I remember listening to him on the stump. He's going to destroy the suburbs. He's going to put projects in the suburbs. And then he called them housewives. And then the media went, oh, he called them housewives to distract from the policy. See, they never want to talk about the policy. It's just all slander.INGRAHAM: All right, Jesse, I look forward to you on "The View." I know you're going to have fun with Joy Behar. I'm looking forward to that.WATTERS: Joy and Jesse.INGRAHAM: That appearance. It's a new -- it's a new spinoff show. Jesse, congrats on the book. It's always great to have you on "The Angle" anytime.WATTERS: Thank you so much, Laura.INGRAHAM: All right, coming up, Kyle Rittenhouse is here to talk about BLM, what happened at his event last night. But first, a stampede at the southern border, the shocking video is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Welcome to another day in Biden's America. Isn't it awesome? In El Paso, a group of more than 100 illegals must have gotten tired of waiting around. They stormed the border.Footage taken by the "New York Post" shows illegal aliens ripping down barbed wire fencing and overtaking members of the Texas National Guard before they tried to force their way through another barrier.Joining us now is Lieutenant Chris Olivarez, Texas Department of Public Safety spokesman. Chris, you say some of these Texas soldiers were injured. What can you tell us tonight?LT. CHRIS OLIVAREZ, TEXAS DEPARTMENT FOR PUBLIC SAFETY: Right, Laura. So, you know, I don't know what more of an example we need to clearly show and justify that we have an invasion on our border than what you're seeing in that video right now. I mean, right now, this happened earlier this morning in El Paso. Approximately 600 illegal immigrants, majority were from Venezuela and majority were single adult men that were in that group that actually contributed to breaching those physical barriers and getting across unlawfully, complete disrespect for our laws in Texas, complete disrespect for the sovereignty of our state, and most important, disrespect for our soldiers and troopers that are on the front lines. Several soldiers were assaulted. We did make several arrests for that, and there is more arrests and more charges to come.But that clearly shows, Laura, that we need to have consequences. We need to hold people accountable that are breaking the law. And this is another example of how Senate Bill 4 would have been proven to be effective. We would have the authority now to arrest every single person that unlawfully crossed at that particular moment.INGRAHAM: I mean, the fact that this is happening in the United States of America is just, I mean, how anyone could think this was OK, it's beyond me. And at this point, I think Americans are watching this and saying, how do you hold this type of crowd back? I mean, what if it's 500 people? I mean, we don't shoot people coming into our country. We don't shoot people. That's not who we are as a country.But if people think that they can get away with it, are you going to be able to arrest 1,000 people if they show up? What next?OLIVAREZ: You know, that's a challenge that we've been facing for the last three years in Texas, because the fact that we have to take on this responsibility, because the federal government refuses to enforce the laws that are on the books, and they refuse to protect our law enforcement officers by adding consequences to these types of situations.Right there, you had over 600 that completely just breached those physical barriers that were placed by the National Guard, overtaking our soldiers and assaulting our soldiers, really shows the type of situations that our soldiers are dealing with, and our troopers are dealing with every single day by being on the front lines. It clearly shows also that when you have hundreds and even thousands coming across, it's even more challenging. How are we going to stop that many people coming across the border?INGRAHAM: I mean, this is an invasion.OLIVAREZ: We don't have all the resources, especially federal resources. Exactly.INGRAHAM: I mean, this -- this is an invasion. I mean, there's nothing -- there's no other way to describe it. I mean, the soldiers, if they even defend themselves, there will be some viral video, just like they did with the horse whipping, that fake video.There'll be some viral video, and that poor soldier had his life turned upside down. That's what I bet these guys are thinking on the front lines there, because they're going to say, it's not worth it. My life being turned, you know, my family's life being turned upside down. Suddenly, I'm the bad guy for helping enforce the border, because Biden wants all these people in. Does he not?OLIVAREZ: Well, absolutely. Of course, it puts our soldiers and even our troopers in a predicament now, right? Because now, of course, we are facing this criticism and attacks by the federal government with lawsuits and threatening to press charges on our troopers and our soldiers for enforcing our laws.It clearly shows how there is a lack of leadership and a lack of responsibility at the federal level where they don't want to enforce the laws that are on the books right now. We're having to take on this responsibility, which we've been doing for the last three years, and now going into this year, it's going to be much more difficult. That's why we need consequences. We need to have laws in place so we can prevent situations like this.INGRAHAM: Chris, thank you so much. Great to see you.All right, joining me now, Vivek Ramaswamy, former candidate for president. Vivek, we were going to do a different topic with you, but I found this to be so disturbing on so many levels tonight. I think we have to talk about this.Right now, we have a country in which Americans on January 6th were, you know, they were targeted, people who weren't even in the Capitol were targeted, and, you know, various charges brought, many of them unfair, long periods of solitary confinement. And yet, illegal aliens can do this at our southern border, injure our soldiers. As far as I can tell, Biden's Justice Department is just yawning, and the DHS, they don't care.VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER 2024 GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, look, Laura, it's not just that Biden is failing to stop this invasion. The Biden administration and Mayorkas' DHS are creating the incentives for this invasion. The fact that Texas has to step up and stop something that the federal government isn't reveals how broken this system is.And I do think that Texas has called the legal bluff of the federal government. You can't have a Biden administration that on one hand says that they are enforcing the laws just as Texas is, but then says that somehow Texas' policy contradicts that of the federal government when Texas is exactly doing what the federal government should have. You can't talk out of both sides of your mouth.And so the reality is, I think this is going to unite independents across this country. This should not be a partisan issue. An open border is not a border. A nation without borders is not a nation. And the fact that you have a federal government that's turning homeland security and justice threat issues out of so-called domestic terrorists, when in fact we have a real invasion of a foreign threat at our own southern border, is something that most independents in this country understand does not make sense and want to put an end to.And so sad as it is, I do think that this is an opportunity for the Republicans to build a much larger coalition to win this election in a decisive landslide. And I think that's what's coming.INGRAHAM: The question, Vivek, is whether the video that we're showing on screen right now is going to be seen by a significant portion of the voting public. That's another issue, is it not, with social media and, you know, the censors, that they'll claim they're not censors and all of that. But it'll be on the "New York Post" website, obviously on "Fox," a few other outlets.But most of the majors, they don't want to dwell on this. This is not good for them, just like the Biden plan to destroy the suburbs with all these changes in zoning laws that they're going to force on localities. They don't want those suburban women hearing that story either.RAMASWAMY: So look, this is the ultimate challenge of free and fair elections in this country, is the distribution of information, both through the channels of mainstream left-leaning media, but also with big tech censorship. I do think, though, Laura, people have understand we have learned that lesson before. Look at what they did in 2016. Look at what they did in 2020.And I think most people in this country are attuned to the fact that they have been lied to systematically by the media. I thought that video was alarming when I saw it. I had the same thought that you did. If every American saw this, we would understand the state of what is really an open border at our southern border. That doesn't look like a porous border.It looks like a non-existent one. But what I see traveling across this country is that many people are hungry now to search for sources of information that are different from what they found. Now we have Twitter owned by a new owner run as X.So I think we have seen progress that is going to make a difference this year. That doesn't mean we aren't up against significant forces. Look at Google changing the definition of bloodbath coming out of its search engine. They're tilting the scales. But I think people are smart to that reality this time.INGRAHAM: This looks like -- this looks like that airbase in Afghanistan at one point. I wasn't paying attention. I looked over. I thought it was more video that we hadn't seen before from Afghanistan. That's the United States of America, folks. Vivek, thank you. Great to see you tonight, as always.All right. Coming up, they're at it again. BLM protesters chasing down people attending a speech. Yeah, by Kyle Rittenhouse. Kyle is here next to respond. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Remember when liberals used to believe in free speech and open debate? Well, this is who they are now.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(PEOPLE CHANTING, NO JUSTICE, NO PEACE)(PEOPLE CHANTING, LOCK HIS (BLEEP) UP)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Trying to block, silence and terrorize those they disagree with. Kyle Rittenhouse spoke at the University of Memphis last night about the Milwaukee BLM riot, and of course his acquittal on all homicide charges for the actions he took in self-defense that night.Then a hostile crowd of Black Lives Matter supporters attended his event, compelling security to rush Kyle out of the venue before things escalated. Those who actually wanted to hear what Kyle had to say were actually chased down by the free speechers. They tried to block them from even leaving their parking garage.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Kyle Rittenhouse joins me now. He's the author of the book Acquitted. Kyle, good to see you tonight. Now, press reports state that you were booed off the stage. Well, that sounds rude, but is there more to it?KYLE RITTENHOUSE, ACQUITTED AUTHOR: Well, Laura, first off, thank you for having me on. And I have seen all those articles saying I was booed off the stage and my speaking time for that event at Memphis University was 30 minutes. I was on stage for 30 minutes. My timer went off on my phone. I gave my signal to my security. All right, let's wrap it up. We finished our questioning, not finished, but they got us off stage.We didn't want the people that were at that event to know when I was leaving because we did not want to give them an opportunity to mobilize and start shutting down the roads, making a security risk for me.And as we saw yesterday, I'm very glad that we left when we did because there would have been a high potential of them being able to move out and chase us down like they did to those poor Turning Point USA students. And it's quite upsetting to see how --INGRAHAM: Well, Kyle, you did get to speak, however. You did speak.RITTENHOUSE: So, it was very interesting. I got to speak-ish. I got to speak for about two to three minutes and then nobody would hear me out. So, I said, OK, let's roll into Q&A. And I had about 30 minutes of a Q&A of going back and forth and talking to these people. And they didn't seem to want to listen.There were some people that I had pretty good dialogue with, but nobody really cared. Nobody -- everybody just wanted to make a scene and be disrespectful and cause chaos.And I was really disappointed with the university because Turning Point USA has a ticketing system that they have been using for a while now. They use it to vet people, to make sure that they go to that campus and get the attendees and make sure that what happened yesterday doesn't happen.What happened yesterday was the University of Memphis revoked Turning Point USA's ticketing system and implemented their own ticketing system, alerted the protesters before anybody else that this is the ticketing system in place so that the protesters can go ahead and book all the tickets and either not show up, stage a mass walkout, or just harass me.I was in a room with an entire crowd of people who did not like me outside of maybe three or four people.INGRAHAM: So, Kyle, like everyone knows, if you were, let's say, a trans athlete and you were speaking about trans empowerment, right, and a bunch of conservative kids --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: But if conservative kids showed up and harassed that person or you, harassed the speaker, refused to listen to the speaker, then chased some of the pro-trans people out, I mean, this would be a national news story that nobody would stop talking about.But in this case, this is just accepted behavior, and I don't understand how the university puts up with this. Very quickly, Kyle, what is your advice for young conservatives on campus today?RITTENHOUSE: Absolutely. So, I encourage all young conservatives on campus to get involved with your local Turning Point chapters or Young American for Liberty chapters and just get involved and know you're not alone, know that there's other people fighting with you, and that at the end of the day --INGRAHAM: Don't be afraid.RITTENHOUSE: -- we are winning. Don't be afraid. And to all the people out there who do want to hear my story, you can go to riddenhousebook.com and I go in depth of what happened. And I wanted to talk about that yesterday, but unfortunately, the crowd didn't let me.INGRAHAM: All right. Well, Kyle, we appreciate your joining us and telling the story. Keep talking. I think some people do want to hear and the other people are losing the debate. So, thank you very much.All right. You think the economy is bad? Well, Biden's lackeys in the media claim that you're just not very smart if you don't get it. I'll explain how things really are, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: OK, if you're like me and you're ticked off seeing your bills at the grocery store, the gas pump, and you feel like so many Americans, like how is this happening in the United States? Why did this happen? Well, liberal economists think you're just too stupid to get how great everything is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You know, you say all these macroeconomic statistics are great, but people aren't feeling it. Actually, people aren't feeling it. You ask, what's the state of the economy? And their answer is, I hate Joe Biden. Really, this is not about people's personal experience. The reality is that the economy is delivering.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Ned Ryun, founder and CEO of American Majority. And Brian Brenberg, Fox News contributor and co-host of The Big Money Show on Fox Business. Ned, this is the old line of the left, is it not, that we're just too stupid and dumb? Hayseeds, we can't understand anything.NED RYUN, AMERICAN MAJORITY FOUNDER AND CEO: Yeah, you dirty little peasants, don't know what's best for you. They're smearing lipstick all over this pig and calling it a beauty queen. And we're sitting there going, no, it's a pig.And there's two leading economic stressors that are taking place right now, Laura. One is that more and more people are tapping into their 401k accounts for larger loans to pay for everyday items. And the massive, staggering amount of credit card debt for Americans is still over a trillion dollars. And yet, Democrats want to say the economy is great. Inflation slowing down.The fact of the matter is we know it's cumulative. And in the last three years since Biden was elected, it's been 20 percent cumulative inflation. That's why Americans are paying about $700 hundred more a month for their household items.And in the face of this, Biden administration is gaslighting and saying the economy is great. Oh, and offering a $7.3 trillion budget, which is $3 trillion more than government revenue -- last year. And the leading cause for all of this, massive government spending and printing up dollars like it's monopoly money. And if Biden's reelected based off what we're seeing, we'll get more of this economically.INGRAHAM: Well, Brian, the White House just keeps calling this a messaging problem. It's not a substance problem. This is his top economic adviser. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Do you think at this point, Jared, that we just need to promote his accomplishments more strategy, maybe falling flat?UNKNOWN: I don't know about that. That all sounds like a very strategic communications kind of question. Let's ask folks about directly what we're doing before we conclude they're unhappy with the agenda.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Brian, do they think that getting rid of like junk fees, and like talking about shrink-flation, that's going to save them in this election?BRIAN BRENBERG, THE BIG MONEY SHOW CO-HOST: You can't message a 7 percent mortgage, Laura. That's the problem that they have. People look at their wallet. You know, you had a great piece earlier in the show about the suburbs, right? If you want to kill the suburbs, here's two things you make on affordable, houses and cars. And that's exactly what they have gone after.When people look at the current economy and they say, why is it so bad? They look at those two assets and they say, I can't afford them anymore, and it's Biden's fault. They don't necessarily hate Biden, Contra Krugman - -INGRAHAM: Right.BRENBERG: -- but they say he's the guy who caused this. And I don't like that.INGRAHAM: And now, Ned, as we started with the Angle, to Brian's point, they're coming for the suburbs. This is not a joke. This was Obama's goal, and now it's Biden's reality. If he gets a second term, the pressure on those localities and those states to rezone suburbs for high density housing, that is already happening in the United States. And it's going to happen on steroids if he gets a second term.RYUN: Yeah, no, I mean, the people in the suburbs need to understand life as they know it will end if Biden's reelected. The policies that they intend to implement will destroy their dreams of the suburb. But I want to make one last point, Laura, that Brian was making as well. The voters are blaming Biden for this no matter what they're saying.I just saw a poll today, 66 percent of voters in Arizona, a battleground state, blamed Biden for the spiking costs of groceries. That should be very troubling to Biden and Democrats going into the November elections.INGRAHAM: Ned and Brian, thank you both so much. And the L.A. Dodgers' $700-million-man, and a massive scandal rocking baseball, that's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Baseball, betting, and embezzlement? Well, this is a stunning new scandal involving one of the highest paid athletes in the world, Shohei Ohtani. Fox News senior national correspondent Kevin Corke joins me now with all the details. Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Laura, now I want you to forgive my skepticism, but clearly there are a lot more questions tonight surrounding the apparent theft of millions of dollars from Dodgers superstar Shohei Ohtani. Now, allegedly, his longtime interpreter and friend, Ippei Mizuhara, stole millions of dollars from the two-way phenom to cover his gambling debts. Now, the interpreter has since been fired by the Dodgers.But here's where things get really interesting. According to the ESPN report where we read all about this, bank records show Ohtani's name on a pair of $500 thousand dollar wire transfers sent to an associate of an illegal bookie that his interpreter apparently had been using. The description section reading, loan.Now, the interpreter claims that Ohtani himself agreed to pay about $4.5 million dollars in gambling, allegedly accrued following massive losses on bets involving soccer, but not baseball. In a statement at ESPN, Ohtani's lawyer said in the course of responding to recent media inquiries, we discovered that Shohei has been the victim of a massive theft, and we're turning the matter over to the authorities. A-ha.Now, it should be noted that an Ohtani spokesperson originally claimed that the slugger did agree to cover his buddy's losses. A reverse course later in the day or about a day later. So, I'm skeptical. We'll see where it all goes. But I'm sure baseball does not want this to be a big story. But it is, Laura.INGRAHAM: We shall see. Kevin, good to see you. All right.Joining me now, Clay Travis, founder of Outkick. All right, Clay, things don't seem to add up here. I am dying to hear your take on all of this.CLAY TRAVIS, OUTKICK FOUNDER: None of it makes sense, Laura. I don't know how many of your friends could spend four and a half million of your dollars and you not know about it, while they're gambling on sports, then give you a loan of a million dollars to help pay it off.And here is the big picture. I love sports gambling. The NCAA tournament is going on right now. I've got action on games. Almost everybody watching us right now, I bet, filled out a bracket. There are a couple of major issues here.One, sports gambling is still technically illegal in California, and they were using a bookie to place these wagers, so that is a potential violation of law. That's one, because again, California has not legalized sports gambling yet.Point two, if there is any suggestion at all that Ohtani or his translator here bet on baseball, we've got a Pete Rose-like situation, which got Pete Rose a lifetime ban and also kept him out of the Hall of Fame. And Ohtani just signed with the Dodgers a 10-year, $700 million deal. So, we're not even just talking about a run-of-the-mill gambling scandal.I would argue, Laura, given how good Ohtani is, this would be bigger than Pete Rose, because it was at the end of Pete Rose's career when this happened. Shohei Ohtani right now is in the absolute apex of his career.So, this is potentially as big of a scandal as you could have associated with baseball and the biggest star in all of baseball in the world, not just in the United States.INGRAHAM: Do you think, Clay, given all that's on the line here for the Dodgers and for the game of baseball, frankly, that we'll actually see people get into the bottom of this? Will this be really resolved adequately, do you think, or not?TRAVIS: It depends on how aggressive the investigation is, because what they're saying right now is that the translator, who was best friends with Ohtani and was in the dugout with him in South Korea as recently as game one of this season, which they started over there, this is $4.5 million of theft. That is the story that they're putting out there.If you are accused of stealing $4.5 million from someone, the government prosecutes you, you go away for years. Is this translator really going to take the fall like this? Was -- is it really believable that Ohtani knew nothing at all about all of these gambling bets that were being placed over multiple years with one of his, if not his, best friend?It just doesn't sound very plausible to me, Laura, if you just apply all the facts and all the details here. This is a major issue for Major League Baseball.INGRAHAM: I think we need a, number one, new translator, right? We need a new translator. And we need to see the documents. I know you're a lawyer, Clay. I mean, we'd like to see the documents. We've been talking a lot about this when it comes to Joe Biden, and the money going into the Biden family. Money going in, money going out.I mean, that will tell a lot of the tales and emails and text messages.TRAVIS: No doubt. And also remember, the bookie was running an illegal operation in California. So, there are a lot of different angles here. Will he be charged with multiple crimes? Will he try to tell the truth? Will the translator tell the truth? What is the truth?There's a lot to be determined here, but the stories are already conflicting and they don't add up. And I think there's a lot of people out there trying to figure out what the actual truth is here. And I think Otani is in for a world of real attention, the likes of which he's never seen for an off-the-field-related matter.INGRAHAM: I'm still not over the $700 million. I'm still -- this is unbelievable. Clay, I can't wait to --TRAVIS: That's the only thing, by the way, I should say. The bookie wouldn't, Laura, be giving millions of dollars in credit if it was somebody --INGRAHAM: All right, we've got to roll. Jesse is next.