(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We're out of time. Thanks to Sage Steele, Kurt Metzger, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, ANCHOR, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight. Former President Trump in New York to mourn and slam the killing of a cop. President Biden also in New York to raise money at Radio City. It's a tale of two campaign trails converging on the very place where NYPD officer Jonathan Diller lost his life three nights ago. A murder that is once again putting America's crime crisis back at the forefront because Officer Diller's accused killer has a long criminal history.And in Chicago, a man serving 16 years somehow got out of prison early 24 hours later, he was back in jail accused of killing an 11-year-old boy trying to protect his pregnant mom.Chanley Painter is live in New York at the very latest on an officer and an 11-year-old boy. Chandler, good evening.CHANLEY PAINTER, FOX NEWS OVERNIGHT ANCHOR: Good evening, Trace. While there are four U.S. presidents here in New York City today, only one attended the wake of murdered New York police officer Jonathan Diller who was gunned down Monday during a traffic stop.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We have to get back to law and order. We have to do a lot of things differently because this is not working. This is happening too often. It's an honor to be here.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAINTER: Former President Trump told the New York Post tonight that President Biden should have also been at the wake but that it was too late now to reach out to Diller's family. Meanwhile, Mr. Biden attends a campaign fundraiser at Radio City Music home. His press secretary though addressed the tragedy. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Look, the President has stood with law enforcement his entire career and continues to stand with them as they put their lives on the line for their communities.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAINTER: Police say Officer Diller's shooter had 21 prior arrests, nine of them felonies and he had just recently gone off parole. And a disturbing theme is echoed in Chicago where this time an 11-year-old boy was stabbed to death by a suspect authority say is a violent repeat offender and had only been out of prison less than 24 hours. The Illinois Governor also admits this deadly decision by his prison review board was a mistake conceding that the case was not given the careful consideration needed.And Jayden Perkins died while trying to protect his pregnant mother from her ex-boyfriend. His family and friends of course continue to mourn, Trace, his loss, saying that his infectious laughter and his kind heart touched everyone that he met.GALLAGHER: It's an awful story. Chanley Painter live for us in New York. Chanley, thank you. Well, former President Trump attended the wake for officer Biller. President Biden was at a big money fundraiser alongside former Presidents Obama and Clinton and plenty as you see there, plenty of pro-Palestinian protesters.Nate Foy is live in New York City with more on that night. Nate, good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. The Presidential motorcade just departed about 10 minutes ago. So, you just missed it. The fundraiser is now over, but not without some drama. You mentioned those pro-Palestinian protesters earlier tonight. There were about 500, several 100 protesters here right across the street, we saw at least one of them be arrested. And after that Trace, we saw other protesters crowd around NYPD officers chanting F the NYPD and quit your jobs.All while a $25 million fundraiser happened right across the street with President Joe Biden and former presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. We have a new picture of all three of them together. The main event of this fundraiser inside Radio City was a discussion between the three presidents moderated by Stephen Colbert, but that's not all. Lizzo and Queen Latifah performed their music while the people outside the fundraiser again made their voices heard about President Biden's support of Israel. Listen to this, Trace.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Hundreds of protesters spent their night chanting in the rain. They surrounded Radio City Music Hall on both Sixth and Fifth avenues in Manhattan. And they arrived shortly after President Biden landed in New York with President Obama. The two then met with President Clinton and came here. A picture with all three of them at this fundraiser, Trace, cost $100,000. The cheapest ticket was 225 bucks.There were several different tiers. You could pay 225 grand or even $500,000 to get into separate exclusive receptions after the main event. Right now, the NYPD is cleaning up and removing the barricades that they've had in place all day. We'll send it back to you, Trace.GALLAGHER: Nate Foy, live for us in New York. Nate, thank you. Let's bring in the founder of Polaris National Security, former State Department spokesperson Morgan Ortagus. Along with independent Women's Forum senior fellow district Media Group President Beverly Hallberg. Thank you both for coming on. I want to play one more soundbite. This is former President Trump at today's wake. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The police are the greatest people we have. There's nothing and there's nobody like him. And this should never happen.We have to stop it. We have to stop it. We have to get back to law and order. We have to do a lot of things differently. Because this is not working. This is happening too often.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Morgan Ortagus, nobody knows as much about diplomacy and optics than you do. I mean, when you look at what happened today by not going to the funeral, Trump going to the funeral. How does it look? What's your take from this?MORGAN ORTAGUS, FORMER STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: It looks exactly as it should. And that is that, you know, three former Democratic presidents are spending their time Trace, you know, hobnobbing with celebrities. Everybody raises money for a campaign. But what the juxtaposition to see President Trump with the fallen, with the family really being for the people.I think it's obviously the Biden team has got to be kicking themselves, you know, seeing this juxtaposition tonight of what Trump is doing. And listen, I don't think Trump did this for campaign reasons. I think he did it for the right reasons. He's been pro black, the blue, he's been for law enforcement and first responders around this country. And if this is the kind of campaign that Biden is going to run, hobnobbing with celebrities instead of honoring the fallen, well, you know, it might not end well for him in November.GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, at least he raised a lot of money. But the question is, is he going to raise his numbers? That's a big if and we don't know. The White House did not say officer dealer's name today, Beverly Hallberg, but they did blame Republicans for the spike in crime. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: Violent Crime surge under the previous administration which repeatedly attempted to cut the COPS program, all of their budgets targeted that they -- that key funding for the police and congressional Republicans just proposed doing it, again. Biden-Harris administration have done the polar opposite, taking decisive action from the very beginning to fund the police and achieving a historic reduction in crime under his leadership.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, Beverly, it's laughable, right? Let's like the border is secure Afghanistan was smooth and Republicans defunded police. It's just -- nobody believes it.BEVERLY HALLBERG, INDEPENDENT WOMAN'S FORUM SENIOR FELLOW: No, it's a twist of the narrative. Like you said they've done this with the border. They said that they've been the one securing the border all along with Republicans who haven't. Now they're saying they're the ones who are tough on crime when we all know where the Defund the Police movement started.And I want to go back to the optics of this because you had President Trump, former President Trump in this press conference, he had some of New York's finest standing behind him and solidarity with the message that we have a big problem. This is a huge issue for President Biden He can say whatever he wants about what he's done as president what Democrats have done, but people see through the truth and I think Trump's standing with cop says it off.GALLAGHER: You're exactly right. Biden, as we said, raising a ton of money. But I want to put up this. This is his approval numbers on the economy at 38 percent. On inflation, 34 percent. Immigration, 30 percent. It is hard to buy a better approval number, Morgan.ORTAGUS: Well, yes. Well, I mean, listen, well, you don't have anything good to run on. You start running on other things like, you know, listen, they've clearly talked about in the State of the Union how they're going to run on abortion and on January 6 and all of these other issues. And you start running on these issues when you don't have good policies. But, you know, people aren't stupid.They know how much it costs to go to the grocery store and fill up the grocery cart. They know how much it costs to go get gas. So, it's not a surprise that his poll numbers are in some polls, as bad as they work for Jimmy Carter when he was up for reelection. And listen, you just -- some things you can't fake. I actually feel bad for the White House press secretary in the clip that you showed because she's having to defend the indefensible.GALLAGHER: Yes. Beverly, 15 seconds to wrap us up here.HALLBERG: Yes, I completely agree. And President Biden has a long road ahead of him. There's a reason why he's pulling out the big guns, Obama and Clinton trying to help them along, but he has a long way to go and we're going to see he's going to actually debate President -- former President Trump. We'll see.GALLAGHER: Beverly Hallberg, Morgan Ortagus, thank you both. Well, whether it's Hillary's deplorables Obama attacking those he says cling to guns and religion or President Biden villainizing half the country with his MAGA extremists label, conservatives and rural voters are under fire and constantly being accused of threatening democracy.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in Washington with a closer look at this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. As you just pointed out, whether it's Hillary's deplorables or Obama's God guns and gays, this has actually been part of democratic politics for some time. This language about the virtuous versus the villainous, but never forget, Democrats played the long game very, very well, which is why critics say the Biden campaigns attempt to simultaneously vilify and yet court rural American voters is so important to study.Now, by now, you've no doubt seen the headlines. Endless attacks by the mainstream press calling white rural Trump supporters a threat to democracy, calling rural white people the problem. Even books out there claiming there's this rural white rage. Well, now critics suggest it's actually meant to further bifurcate the electorate, you know, us versus them. So, then it stands to reason that when the White House and the President in particular slammed so called MAGA Republicans, it's been argued by the pundits that what he's really doing is using code to describe those very same rural white voters.However, and this is important, Trace, Biden's campaign is also planning and aggressive outreach to the very same voters in the rural parts of our country who will account for a sizable portion of a lot of the electorate in a number of swing states. 30 percent in North Carolina, and Georgia and Wisconsin, 22 percent in Pennsylvania, 61 percent in Maine. It's a strategy that makes sense, especially when you consider former President Trump actually widened his lead among rural voters to 65 percent in 2020, up from 59 in 2016.And for context, in 2022, the midterms, GOP candidates got 69 percent of the rural vote. Now, there are three important areas of fertile ground the Biden campaign is hoping to sort of till this fall, just maybe make some inroads like pushing the enormous infrastructure bill, you know, boosting spending in rural communities, pushing for student loan forgiveness and boosting Internet access by way of broadband availability.But critics are warning tonight, the rural voters and you know this, they can smell a fake, and they're wary of political carnival barkers who come round once every four years selling the brand of snake oil. So, we'll see if the inroads work or if the vilification of those -- of those voters in the rural parts of our country really pushes them away, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes. We know it's going to keep on going. Kevin, thank you very much. Let's bring in former Republican presidential candidate North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum. Gov, it's great to have you on the show. Here's a quote from the author of White Rural Rage, "They are the most racist, xenophobic, anti-immigrant, anti-gay geodemographic group in the country." So if you don't live in one of those big blue cities in the country, you live in your neck of the woods, Governor, you're bad. Your thoughts?GOV. DOUG BURGUM (R-ND): Well, it's not only completely wrong, Trace. It's entirely offensive to anybody who's ever lived or worked in a rural area. Americans that live in the rural areas, we're feeding and fueling the rest of America. We're feeding and fueling the rest of the world. And these kinds of dangerous stereotypes that divide, as you said, I mean, this is just the -- it's Obama, it's Clinton, it's Biden. It's the old tropes of trying to divide the country.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. Here's our president who ran as a uniter. What he had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Trump and extreme MAGA Republicans quote a clear and present danger to our democracy. Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans representative extremism that threatens the very foundations of our republic.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, that doesn't warm your heart as a uniter, Governor, well, nothing will.BURGUM: Well, I think -- and when I -- when I hear it coming out of Joe Biden's mouth, it's really alarming because, you know, they're -- one of their -- one of their tropes and themes of this election is that somehow President Trump and Republicans are going to be a threat to democracy and yet here we are, I'm leading a rural state as governor. We're facing 27 different rulemaking efforts that the Biden administration is trying to jam down on energy and agriculture and rural states.That's the threat to democracy. These are laws come out of Congress. This is a one size fits all coastal liberal elite view that we should all be -- they're going to decide what cars we should drive, they're going to decide what do -- we should have fuel or batteries, they're going to decide just about everything. And that's the real threat to democracy. The states created the federal government, not the other way around.And Biden and his crew just think the federal government and the coastal elites have every answer.GALLAGHER: Yes. Those are great points. North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum. Great to have you on the show as always, sir. Thank you. I hope that leg is feeling better by the way. Thank you.BURGUM: Yes, thank you, Trace. It is.GALLAGHER: Meantime, brand new video into Fox News. A group of illegal immigrants triggered a lockdown at a New Mexico middle school before being taken into custody. And local authorities it happens all the time. Christina Coleman is live with more on how the crisis at our southern border is now affecting schools. Christina, good evening.CHRISTINA COLEMAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi. Good evening, Trace. Yes. So, migrants are illegally crossing into the U.S. where razor wire stops at the Texas border in Sunland Park, New Mexico. Six migrants were arrested by border agents near a middle school in Sunland Park on Wednesday. It was this second incident of this kind this week. The search for the migrants prompted a school lockdown.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRAVIS DEMPSEY, GADSDEN ISD SUPERINTENDENT: It is concerning and it does at some level disrupt our educational process when we do things like of this nature.DANNY MEDRANO, SUNLAND PARK, N.M. FIRE CHIEF: They'll hide in backyards, tool sheds, trash cans, up against buildings. The vast majority I'm sure are good people and looking for a better life. But again, we've seen the statistics. We know that there are bad actors in those groups.(END VIDEO CLIP)COLEMAN: Meantime, a new Fox poll shows 82 percent of registered voters blame Congress's lack of action for the situation at the border and 74 percent of registered voters blame President Joe Biden's lack of enforcement.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ART DEL CUETO, VICE PRESIDENT, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: This administration continues to not do anything. They're catering to what the people are coming across. They're putting Americans last. They're not even putting them second, they're putting him last.(END VIDEO CLIP)COLEMAN: Despite mounting criticism, the Biden administration defends his handling of the southern border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We should be where majority of Americans are. They want us to deal with what's happening at the border and they want us to fix this immigration system.(END VIDEO CLIP)COLEMAN: New Fox polling also shows 57 percent of registered voters trust former President Donald Trump to do a better job on immigration, as opposed to the 39 percent who think President Biden would handle it better. Trace?GALLAGHER: The numbers are fascinating. Christina, thank you. Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense Department is skeptical about President Biden's latest campaign strategy where he repeatedly talks about the early days of COVID. The goal, of course, is to paint former President Trump in a negative light by saying that Trump "didn't care much about science and reason during the pandemic that went on to claim one million lives."Has nobody reminded Biden that 750,000 of those lives were lost on his watch? As for following the science, shouldn't that phrase be packaged up and placed in an old comedy museum right next to the silent movies of the Keystone Cops, only to be brought out during public displays of satire and screw ups. Remember, it was the science that had us all wearing a mask, putting useless shabby pieces of paper on her face to signal how deeply we cared.It was the science that shut down the schools for two years propagating a learning loss that could take decades to restore. It was the science that had President Biden calling it the pandemic of the unvaccinated even though vaccines did not stop you from getting or spreading COVID. It was the science that gave us six feet of separation that Fauci now says was a distance pulled out of thin air.And if you disagree with the science, you were censored, meaning it was never science, it was always dogma. Common Sense thinks President Biden should keep an eye on his dogma, less T step in something unpleasant.Let's bring in the president and founder of Parents Defending Education Nicole Neily along with board certified medical doctor Houman Hemmati. Great to have you both on here tonight. We'll get back to Common Sense in a minute. But I want to -- I want to bring this up because the border crisis talking about the schools is kind of interesting here because the C Border Protection said this about the schools and the story we just did with Christina. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REFUGIO CORRALES, SBP SPOKESPERSON: Santa Teresa Middle School is one of many areas that these migrants jump into without, you know, thinking of where they're going through because they're trying to evade arrest.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, Nicole, this is one of those things where -- when you have illegal immigrants going into schools, you have no idea what -- they're trying to get away from the cops. You have no idea what their intent is. And to be around kids is a very bad recipe.NICOLE NEILY, PRESIDENT AND FOUNDER, PARENTS DEFENDING EDUCATION: Absolutely. And this is not just happening in border counties. I haven't filing public records requests across the country because we are seeing migrants end up in places like Martha's Vineyard in Colorado, in Denver. And we're watching school districts affirmatively make choices that deprioritize our students.They're redirecting, you know, they're putting students that housing them in gyms, they're using facilities that are supposed to be used for children to learn and our children are the one they're being shortchanged. And I think that's a really under reported element of this of this problem that the Biden ministration created.GALLAGHER: Speaking of trouble in schools, in Oakland, California parents group, parents in action now fed up. San Francisco Chronicle says, "parents are fed up with administrative dysfunction, low test scores, strikes and other upheaval. Now they are organizing to refocus funding and political priorities on academics. I mean, this could be the healthiest thing we've seen for kids in a long time. And it's happening in Oakland.DR. HOUMAN HEMMATI, BOARD-CERTIFIED M.D.: Trace, I think places like Oakland, the straw that broke the camel's back has broken. And at this point, people are fed up and even in places where they supported policies that were destructive and led to where we are, now we're realizing those policies impacted them so negatively. It took a while but I think people are waking up.Many people have woken up. And we're seeing action. And I think I, you know, I hope we see much more of this happening not just in places like Oakland but throughout the nation.GALLAGHER: And you look at Families in Action and what -- they posted this on here. This is fascinating, Nicole. One out of every 10 Black students can do math at grade level, one out of every 10 Latin students, math at grade level, five of every 10 Asian students math at grade level six of every 10 white students. That's an astounding number.NEILY: It's astounding. And let's remember the same people who have been pushing this anti racism CRT nonsense in our schools, these equity warriors. They are the ones who are actively shortchanging disadvantaged students, minority students. So, they are hypocrites. They need to be thrown out with the trash because they don't care about our children. It is only the parents who care about children's academic.GALLAGHER: Fauci said this to students when confronted with misinformation, stick to the science Dr. Hemmati.HEMMATI: And I wish they would but as you said in the Common Sense segment that the science now doesn't have the meaning that it used to. It used to mean open debate discussion, people disagreeing and actually settling on what is factual based on a careful equal examination of all the evidence. That doesn't happen anymore. Now this science means whatever the people in charge have to say and if you don't believe it too bad.GALLAGHER: Yes. It used to be conformity is the enemy of science. And now if you don't buy our science, we just censor you. Dr. Hemmati, Nicole Neily, thank you both.Coming up. A California businessman had a fugitive run into his shop and attack him. Then the SWAT team came in and during a 13-hour standoff while you're looking at it, the shop was destroyed. But now a judge says the business owner is responsible to pay for the damage. That business owner will join us live on set next.And later in The Nightcap, the French Bulldog still America's favorite dog two years in a row. Do you agree? Which breed do you think should be considered top dog and why? Let us know X and Instagram. The French Bulldog two years in a row? Come on. Send him in. Let us know your favorite dog is. We'll read the best responses in The Nightcap. We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's Real News Roundup. Here's to election integrity in Pennsylvania. A Democrat appointed federal appeals court upheld a state law that mandates voters fill out date and sign their ballot. Wow. Novel concept. Democrats argued that ballots with missing or incorrect dates should still count. The ruling overturns a lower court decision allowing election workers to count undated ballots last presidential election.Well, disgraced crypto king Sam Bankman-Fried sentenced to 25 years in prison after being found guilty for his role in the collapse of FTX. After Bankman-Fried's rambling attempted an apology today in court, the Manhattan judge ripped the fallen mogul as a remorseless, scammer obsessed with power saying he knew it was criminal. He regrets that he made a very bad bet about the likelihood of being caught.And meantime, the Biden administration said from stopping the release of a title nine rule allowing biological men to compete in women's sports until after the election. The source telling the Washington Post The White House is holding up because "seems to be too much of a hot topic." Biden's opponent former President Trump has vowed to ban athletes who identify as transgender from competing outside of their biological sex.Well, small businesses in California are facing the twin threats of crime and a state government that is consistently making it harder for them to stay in business. Let's bring in California restaurant owner and the founder of American Gravy Concepts, Chef Andrew Gruel along with the owner of NoHo Printing and Graphics, a 30-year-old business destroyed by crime and a SWAT raid, It is Carlos Pena. Thank you for coming on. We very much appreciate that.Chef, two things for you. One, a list we can put this on. This is a list of big-name businesses going out of business in California recently. And I think it's worth kind of scrolling on the screen there. As we go through this. I mean, everything from Whole Foods to Nordstrom to Starbucks are all going out. But I want to put up this from the Washington Examiner. "The Freedom Economy Index's survey found that 13 percent of small businesses were happy with being located in California. 40 percent lower than the national average."I mean, it's unbelievable. And you look at the regulations when you read through these things. And you wonder, why would anybody do business in California? They are constantly pouncing on you?ANDREW GRUEL, OWNER AND THE FOUNDER, AMERICAN GRAVY CONCEPTS: Yes. I mean, if you ever wondered if it was intentional, the destruction of the small businesses, I think we now know that it probably is because it's all part of a much grander strategy. But you got to understand, right? We talk about how horrible this is and everybody agrees, but you know who this hurts? This hurts the worker and especially the entry-level worker because they're losing their jobs and if all of these small businesses get replaced by the big corporations or government jobs, it's going to get automated. So, this is hurting the worker.GALLAGHER: Yes, have you explained this? Have you ever talked to somebody and said, you know, this is not helping. You're not helping us at all.GRUEL: Yes, and the thing is they don't care. The bureaucracy gets so big there's this diffusion of responsibility where it's just somebody else's problem. We got to do this because we're protecting you when we all know that's not the case.GALLAGHER: So, here it is, a fugitive, Carlos Pena, a fugitive storms your shop, right? Your print shop. And he attacks you and then you make it out of the store. Is that right?CARLOS PENA, PRINT SHOP OWNER: No, when he hit me on my shoulder I fell off on the outside of the shop and he went inside and barricaded himself in there and that's where the whole chaotic thing happened.GALLAGHER: Yes, and we're looking at the video here. So, so, then the SWAT team comes in, right? The marshals come in and there's a standoff, a thirteen-hour standoff and you can see -- I mean, they literally they threw in tear gas and all kinds of stuff, right? Destroyed your store. Is that fair?PENA: Yes, about 23 rounds of tear gas were shot at and destroyed practically everything. They were kicking doors, they were punching machines, breaking the glasses on my copiers. I mean, it was so chaotic and I just didn't really know exactly what was going on because I thought that I was out of it, because I never thought that something like that could have happened to me.GALLAGHER: And now you have to pay for it. The court says you have to pay for it.PENA: Yes, the judge said that he was going to rule it without our presence, and in fact, we thought it was a good sign, but then he ruled that the SWAT team is immune to it.GALLAGHER: It's kind of crazy. It's a crazy thing. Back to small businesses, Chef. Three days, California fast food restaurants have to pay $20.00. We knew this was coming. Matt Haller, President of the International Franchise Association, says, "Local restaurants will face hundreds of thousands of dollars in increased operating costs. Customers will face higher food prices. Restaurant owners will have to cut costs to keep their doors open," which means jobs.GRUEL: Yes, well, inside this bill, there's also a whole other list of regulations and restrictions that are going to affect these small businesses, which means they're going to automate the workers, they're going to lose their jobs, there's going to be layoffs, and it hurts the worker. I keep saying that because it's true. This is not for the worker; this is for the government and for the corporations that are getting exempted, actually, by way of this bill.GALLAGHER: Yes, and I was telling you that I was checking today, Five Guys, a cheeseburger at Five Guys in San Diego is $12.89 for the burger. Chef.GRUEL: I mean, look, at the end of the day, I don't want to trash Five Guys because I actually enjoy Five Guys.GALLAGHER: I know. Yes.GRUEL: But just this is an index for inflation when they want to talk about all the statistics. Just look at the price of the burger, right, and it's absurd, and that's probably just an isolated incident. I've heard stories now where you go out for fast food at $60.00 or $70.00.GALLAGHER: Yes. And Carlos, I mean, listen, you're a small business owner so you know this, you know exactly when you hear that a burger is $12.89 at Five Guys, and they're great. I'm not saying they're not. I'm just saying it's in California and that same burger in Five Guys and wherever is going to be lower.PENA: Of course, it's the same thing with my business, with the paper and materials. They went up about 65 percent in the last couple of years -- 69 percent. So, it just creates problems for everybody.GALLAGHER: And now you had to do, you're doing business out of your garage.PENA: Now, I'm doing business out of my garage. I lost about 80 percent of my clientele and it's pretty bad.GALLAGHER: It's pretty bad. Well, we wish you the best of luck, Carlos. Thank you for coming on.PENA: Thank you so much.GALLAGHER: Chef, great to have you on as always. Coming up, Easter is this Sunday and there is revival breaking out again on college campuses. Hundreds of students baptized in this fountain at the University of Alabama -- roll tide. What is driving young people to find their faith? We'll talk to two students who were on hand for the mass baptism next.And still ahead, an iconic prop from the movie "Titanic" just sold for a whole bunch of money, and a 62-year-old cowgirl now blazing the way for other women in the world of competitive roping. The day's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next. Meantime, 8:34 on the West Coast, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America. First, a live look at San Francisco, California, where you know the blue jeans were invented back in 1873. Too bad they can't keep the stores open to sell them.Next, Nashville, Tennessee, where cotton candy was invented by a candy maker and a dentist -- an unlikely pair. Finally, a live look, Providence, Rhode Island, the smallest state in America. And if you cannot join us live, don't forget to set your DVR, watch us anytime. Stay tuned. The Revival, University of Alabama students, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, the spiritual awakening on college campuses that first captured headlines at tiny Asbury University in Kentucky more than a year ago still spreading nationwide. An estimated 6,000 students showed up for an uplifting revival on the campus of the University of Alabama -- roll tide.Let's bring in Campus Reform Correspondent, Kieghan Nangle; and the author of "One Generation Away", RNC Youth Advisory Council Co-Chair, Brylin Hollyhand. Thank you both for coming in. Before we talk, I just want to play some of this video and listen very quickly so we can all get a feel for what was happening at the University of Alabama. Watch.Kieghan, to you now, what was it like to see thousands of students come together in this fashion?KIEGHAN NANGLE, CAMPUS REFORM CORRESPONDENT: It was truly inspiring, Trace. I saw thousands of college campus students, college students from my own campus coming together to praise our Lord and Savior. And ultimately, about 250 of them were baptized last night. College campuses across the country have been trying to stamp out Christianity from universities, like Michigan State tried to. But it's clear now more than ever that our generation is hungry for Jesus and the hope, love, and joy that he brings.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's amazing. Brylin, you said it was the greatest thing that you have ever seen, kind of explain that for us.BRYLIN HOLLYHAND, RNC YOUTH ADVISORY COUNCIL: Absolutely, Trace. First of all, Happy Easter. Thanks for having us on. I was at University of Alabama last night, 6,000 students filled up the Alabama basketball coliseum to worship God. And just like Kieghan said, over 250 students were baptized.Look, last week I announced my debut book. It's called "One Generation Away" and signed copies are available at Brylinbook.com. The second section of this book is called The Modern-Day F-Words: Faith, Family and Freedom. And everybody announced and we're asking, why did you call it that? Because in modern day America, things are under attack. They're all taboo.Faith, family and freedom went by the wayside and our country followed. But guess what? There's hope. And that's what we're here to share with our audience tonight. Last night was the third mass baptism event on a college campus in seven months. We're in the midst of a modern-day revival that couldn't have been coming at a more necessary time for America.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is great. And you know, Kieghan, it's one of those things where you hear a lot of people say, oh no, this is a lost generation. You look at these pictures, it does not look like a lost generation to me.NANGLE: It does not, Trace. You got it exactly right there. People say we're the lost generation or the generation of mental health disorders, but I think it's clear now more than ever, last night proved that we are hungry for our Savior, and we're running away from those labels, and we're running towards him.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is crazy. College is hard. I mean, Brylin everybody knows college is hard; students get depressed. This is, it seems to me, uplifting. What do you think?HOLLYHAND: I completely agree. Look, we're all going to be faced with a choice today that is far more important than the choice that we're going to be faced with at the polls in November. Sit back or lean in. I chose to lean in, Kieghan chose to lean in, and we're all urging our peers today to lean in. Get off the sidelines, stand up for American freedom. There will not be a free America left for us to grow up in and worship God in, and that's my message to our peers today. Lean in, get off the sidelines and worship God.GALLAGHER: Yes, and I want to look, as we're looking at the pictures, Kieghan, I want to know what was your favorite part? What was your big takeaway from this revival? Was it the music? Was it the gathering? Was it the faith? What did you take away from this, and what will you tell your friends and family for years to come?NANGLE: Without a shadow of a doubt, it was ultimately dancing to the great worship music, to praise our Lord and Savior. And secondly, I would say watching the hundreds of students at the end of the event walk up to the front of the stage and say, I want to be saved by Jesus today. I want to live in His freedom.GALLAGHER: Yes, and the same question to you, Brian. What was your big takeaway when you looked at this? And what will you tell people years down the road?HOLLYHAND: Trace, it's been 24 hours since this happened and I have not stopped talking about it. I've been calling people, I've been texting people, I've been posting about it. Celebrating with friends and even strangers who are now brothers and sisters in Christ is something that I will never forget and I hope we can multiply this across every campus and every community in America to spread every campus and every community in America to spread the Word of God and the good news of the gospel.GALLAGHER: Brylin Hollyhand, Kieghan Nangle, merry, happy Easter to both of you. Thank you for coming on. It was great stuff. Great pictures. And thank you. Roll tide. And we'll see you very soon. Thank you!Meantime, Pope Francis delivered a lengthy mass to Rome-based priests on Holy Thursday. He blessed the oils for Easter church services and later traveled to Rome's main women's prison to wash the feet of inmates. The 87- year-old appeared in good health after recent health issues.First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", a Nashville resident caught this incredible bolt of lightning on camera. The video is slowed down to show the branches of electricity. You can see it right there. The storm also brought high winds, and again, lots of lightning.One of the most iconic props from the movie "Titanic", the floating wooden plank that held Rose before her rescue just sold for $700,000 plus. The prop gained attention in the ongoing debate about whether Jack could have fit on it as well. Maybe it's a "NIGHTCAP" topic, who knows?Well, this is 62-year-old, Brenda. She's a world-class cattle roper who has made it her mission to inspire other women in the sport. Last year, she and her son-in-law took home a $97,000 prize at the World Series of Team Roping. Now, she's teaching her granddaughter the sport.And more than 100 eggs laid by endangered turtles now hatching at a conservatory in Australia. Three rare species are among the hatchlings. The conservatory will care for them until they fully mature and then release them into the wild.And if you have a viral video to share, why not share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.Coming up, should the French Bulldog still be considered the top dog or is it time for the popular pup to roll over and make room for another favorite breed? And what type of dog do you like best? The responses are flowing in. Get us yours. We'll read it in the "NIGHTCAP".And first, tomorrow on "FOX AND FRIENDS", Brian Kilmeade's one-on-one with Donald Trump plus Cardinal Dolan's Good Friday message. DVR the show if you cannot catch it live. We're coming right back. Favorite dog next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We are back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Chanley Painter, Andrew Gruel, Dr. Houman Hemmati, and Nicole Neily. Tonight's topic, every dog has its day. And it seems like the French Bulldog has seen a lot of good days lately because it's been America's favorite dog two years in a row. Do you think the Frenchie should have the top spot as America's favorite? Or is there another breed that you think might be better? Chef Gruel, let us have it. What do you think?GRUEL: I mean, I love all dogs. I'd say Silver Lab. It's a great dog. They really love their spunk. But once again, all dogs, good dogs. Even hot dogs.GALLAGHER: Even hot dogs. Never -- he's always a chef, right? Nicole, Neily, what do you think?NEILY: I'm partial to Shiba Inus. I have one at home.GALLAGHER: Wait, it's called what?NEILY: A Shiba Inu.GALLAGHER: I was going to say God bless you, but go ahead again.NEILY: They're the Japanese dogs, the Doge, right? So, they're good looking, but they also give off don't tread on me vibes, which I think is very American.GALLAGHER: Really?NEILY: Yes.GALLAGHER: So, yes, no French Bulldog for you. Dr. Houman Hemmati, what do you think about this?HEMMATI: I've never owned a dog, but if I did, I would have a wire-haired pointer. It's not a common breed. I met a couple of them in San Francisco in Golden Gate Park and fell in love with them. They're gorgeous.GALLAGHER: Wow.HEMMATI: They just have this regal nature to them, and you just want to stare at them. They're beautiful.GALLAGHER: Wow. That's great. So, I want to put mine up, because I did -- did my picture get in there? Yes, so my picture got in. This is our dog. This is handsome Boo. We lost him a couple of years ago. But that's my favorite dog is a big, white, sweet lab. They are great. Chanley Painter, what's your favorite dog?PAINTER: A rescue dog is my favorite dog.GALLAGHER: Any rescue dog.PAINTER: I've always had, yes, any sort of mixed rescue dog is fine with me. Growing up, we had pity mixes, a wolf dog, a golden doodle, and a Pomeranian. So, rescue is always the best way to go. There's so many animals that need a home.GALLAGHER: Yes, that's exactly right. Kevin Corke, your favorite dog.CORKE: I kind of like the Corgis. I think they're fun, they're lovable. And if not that, if I didn't have to worry about all the hair, Samoyeds are really pretty. I think that'd be kind of fun.GALLAGHER: Speaking of all the hair, look at this. Look at this, Kevin Corke. This is Murphy, right? This is one of our producers' dogs. And I think this is, you know, becoming one of her favorites. By the way, used to own a French Bulldog, loves them both equally. And this is Murphy. Kind of good. So, our poll, should the French Bulldog be America's favorite? Yes, 15 percent. On Instagram, yes, 10 percent.Craig says, "Beagle, naturally." Who doesn't love Snoopy?Eugene Rosenthal says, "Basset Hounds, as they are so affectionate, but very stubborn."KJ, "Chocolate Lab, great companion and so loyal."Patrick Conroy says, "Irish Wolfhound," really? "Very smart and easy to train."Sherry Braden says, "Definitely Maltese should be number one."Philip Gilbert says, "Rhodesian Ridgeback." Those are great dogs.CORKE: Oh, they are great.GALLAGHER: "The most loving and docile dog there is."Lori says, "The Corgi." I remember the old Corgi.And Sue Simmons says, "Boston Terrier. Small, smart, loyal, and great with children." But it's really tough to beat Mr. Murphy -- got to tell you that. Thank you all for joining the "NIGHTCAP". Thank you for joining America's late news, "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT". I'm Trace Gallagher. We'll see you back here for Friday night, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.