BILL HEMMER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Haven't hatched yet. But my sister, Anne, caught life last night on her own iPhone. Roll it. I mean, if you look very careful, she says there is the evidence.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, my God.HEMMER: The scientist are telling her she's wrong.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's a girl.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: How do you know it's a girl?WATTERS: That's it for us, have a great night.PIRRO: Oh, you don't know if it's a girl.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jesse, I'll stick around for the next egg. If you want to do another egg.WATTERS: We have plenty of time. It's only Super Tuesday.BAIER: OK, all right. Thank you, sir.Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. We're coming to you live tonight from Fox News election headquarters in New York.Breaking tonight, voters in 16 states and one U.S. territory casting ballots for the nominees to run in no -- the November general election. We'll start getting raw vote totals coming in in a few state next hour.President Biden running virtually unopposed on the ballot, although there are serious concerns about the president's age, his mental fitness even within his own party.Meantime, former President Donald Trump already has a commanding lead over his only major challenger entering today's balloting. We have Fox team coverage tonight.Brit Hume here in New York, has his expert analysis. Peter Doocy at the White House as the president prepares for what is shaping up to be another battle against the former president likely. Bill Melugin in Charleston, South Carolina for what many believe is former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley's last stand but we begin with Congressional Correspondent Aishah Hasnie in West Palm Beach, Florida and the Trump campaign ready for a big night. Good evening, Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening to you, Bret. Mar-a-Lago is getting ready for a big party tonight. About a thousand people are expected to celebrate here as the former president predicts, he could win every single state tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would vote for him if he was sitting in a jail cell.HASNIE (voice over): From California to Texas and North Carolina, supporters of former President Trump say nothing will stop them from putting him on the November ballot.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He speaks his mind and he says what he wants to and I think a lot of people can respect that.HASNIE (voice over): Tonight, the Trump campaign tells Fox they anticipate moving forward from Super Tuesday with more than a thousand delegates. Trump won't say if he'll ask former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to step down tonight, but says she has no path forward.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: What's she doing other than hurting -- other than hurting the Republican Party? I want everybody to come together, we're going to have a unified party because our real opponent happens to be named Biden.HASNIE (voice over): On Monday, the former president celebrated a historic Supreme Court decision keeping him on the Colorado ballot. But now Democratic Congressman Jamie Raskin says he's working on legislation to prevent anyone engaged in an insurrection from holding federal office. That unlikely to go anywhere in a Republican controlled House.TRUMP: They're real losers that they spent their time focusing on the country and making America great again.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And Bret, former President Trump wants to pivot hard to the general election. The first event after Super Tuesday, after tonight, will be a Georgia rally on Saturday, just about 60 miles north of where President Biden will be campaigning on the same day. So again, dueling events for the two presidents, Bret.BAIER: Aishah Hasnie live at Mar-a-Lago. Aishah, thanks.Former South Carolina governor, former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley says she hopes to be competitive during tonight's Super Tuesday voting. What that actually means and what her future plans are remain unclear tonight.Correspondent Bill Melugin is covering the Haley campaign tonight from Charleston, South Carolina. Good evening, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. The reason we are standing outside right now is because Nikki Haley doesn't have any events listed tonight on this Super Tuesday. A night that is going to be pivotal for whatever happens next in her campaign.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: As much as everybody wants to go and push me out. I'm not ready to get out yet.MELUGIN (voice over): Nikki Haley standing her ground in the face of questions about why she's still in the race.HALEY: I don't know why everybody is so adamant that they have to follow Trump's lead to get me out of this race. You know, all of these people deserve to vote. 16 states want to have their voices heard. Let's let their voices get heard.MELUGIN (voice over): Haley campaign says in recent days, she's traveled 8,000 miles and held 15 rallies across the country, including in Maine.Today, we met a Maine primary voter here in South Carolina, a registered Independent who said she already voted for Haley in Maine's primary.WENDY SPURIA, MAINE PRIMARY VOTER: She stands for everything I stand for. She's a strong female. She was a great ambassador. She was a great governor, very strong in her convictions.MELUGIN: If Nikki Haley does not win the nomination, will you support Trump?SPURIA: No.MELUGIN: Why?SPURIA: I feel he's really bad for the country. I think he alienates too many people.MELUGIN (voice over): Fox spoke with Haley supporters in Minnesota who are divided on what to do if Trump is the eventual nominee.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I will not vote. I will not vote for I'll write in Nikki.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I would absolutely vote for Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It won't be Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He's too divisive.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Bret, we asked the Nikki Haley campaign if they liked some of the early results that start coming in from the states, if they feel they're positive, will they consider having an event somewhere here in Charleston tonight? We were told, "probably not." We'll send it back to you.BAIER: That's interesting in and of itself. Bill Melugin in Charleston. Bill, thanks.President Biden is predicting a reelection win in November. He's also calling former President Donald Trump a loser. But recent poll numbers tell a different story, at least right now. President Biden is hoping to get his point across on policy and politics later this week with a big spotlight in D.C.White House Correspondent Peter Doocy has that part of the story tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. President Biden is here at the White House where Super Tuesday feels like a formality and officials would rather focus on using Thursday's State of the Union as a springboard towards the rematch they're hoping for with Donald Trump.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What are you preparing for the State of the Union Address?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You will hear me on Thursday.DOOCY (voice over): President Biden is back from four days of speech prep at Camp David.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: He's going to be working on it, I believe until the very last minute.DOOCY (voice over): Today, he tested lines about so called shrinkflation.BIDEN: The Cookie Monster. He pointed out cookies or his cookies are getting smaller, paying the same price.DOOCY (voice over): Officials say President Biden will follow tonight's Super Tuesday results. But the president is more focused already on the general.BIDEN: You guys don't report, I'm winning. Five, five in a row. You guys only look at the New York Times. They're a great paper.DOOCY (voice over): Biden's plan to beat Trump in 24 is to talk a lot about beating Trump in 20.EVAN OSNOS, THE NEW YORKER: That gets into his head in a way that very few issues do and Joe Biden is going straight at that issue.DOOCY (voice over): Amid age and acuity concerns the President Biden may not make it to November's election. NBC is reporting, as former First Lady Michelle Obama has expressed several times over the years, she will not be running for president. Mrs. Obama supports President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris's reelection campaign.Taylor Swift did last cycle and today she reentered the fray, urging supporters to vote, "The people who most represent you into power."DOOCY: President Biden said a possible endorsement by Taylor Swift is classified. How disappointed is he that she is telling people to vote, but not for him.JEAN-PIERRE: Going to be very careful. We're talking about 2024. And so, I can't comment on what Taylor Swift is saying or not saying.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): And even though tonight is expected to go very well for President Biden, he is in for the night. Don't expect to see him on stage thanking Democrats in the primary states for voting for him. There's nothing on the schedule the rest of tonight or for that matter, at any point tomorrow, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live on the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.We have our first result of the night right now. The Fox News decision desk can now project that President Biden will win the mail-in Democratic primary in Iowa, not a shocker, but it's definitive.Please join us for our Super Tuesday coverage. It all starts 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time right after SPECIAL REPORT goes all night long. We have you covered.Let's bring in Fox News Chief Political Analyst Brit Hume. Brit, good evening.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Hi, Bret.BAIER: What are you looking for tonight?HUME: Well, it'll be interesting to see whether Nikki Haley can get some margins in some of these states and give her some reason to keep going. But I think nearly everyone agrees that Trump is on a glide path to the nomination. He's overwhelmingly likely to get it.It'll be interesting to see what tone he strikes when he comes out to announce his victory or to -- and to celebrate it with his maybe as many as thousand people as Aishah Hasnie said there at Mar-a-Lago.Will he be conciliatory generally, will he be conciliatory toward Nikki Haley? That'll be -- that'll be worth noting when it happens.BAIER: As Peter mentioned, Thursday's the big event in D.C. the State of the Union, you've covered a million of these. I've covered a lot of them. I know, and it's a -- you know, it's often a shopping list of what the president wants, but this has a little different flavor to it. I want to play a soundbite about President Biden in previous State of the Unions. This is about the border 2022, 2023.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We need to secure our border and fix the immigration system.And you might guess, I think we can do both. Congress must restore the right and --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Border, border, border.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And there's a lot of back and forth there. Obviously, immigration is an issue we see on every poll that we look at.HUME: It took a while for it to develop. But it's -- it is rampant now throughout the country, because people who live in far places removed from the border have gotten a taste of what it's like when these -- when these immigrants arrive in large numbers and tax their social services programs and caused crime and all the rest of it.And the president is vulnerable on this issue, because he sort of didn't do anything. And people can see that. And they can say time and again, the border security as you kept hearing them say, and they can say that we've done everything we can do, but people I don't think will believe that.And you know, he -- it'll be interesting to hear what he -- how he presents that issue. Also, of course, obviously, Bret, Ukraine and Israel. It'll be interesting to see how much of the speech he devotes to foreign policy, how much -- how much he -- how strong he is compared to where he has been on Israel, but as well on Ukraine.BAIER: I want to play a soundbite about entitlements. This is back in 2023. I -- another give and take with the Republicans there.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Some Republicans want Medicare and Social Security sunset, I'm not saying it's the majority. Well, I'm glad to see and I'll tell you, I enjoy conversion. I'm not politely not naming them, but has been proposed by some of you. Look, folks.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Now, obviously, that back and forth was interesting. The entitlement issue is still a big issue, both parties not dealing with it. But you wonder how the State of the Union is going to set up on the issue of Israel for example?HUME: Exactly right. He came out strong. And basically he has stuck to his guns in terms of continuing to issue the armed shipments to help Israel and so on.But rhetorically, he's moved away from Israel, and you know, reports are the White House is furious with Benjamin Netanyahu and the president talking about the need for more humanitarian aid into Gaza and all the rest of it, which suggests he's softening on his support. I'm not sure he really is.But it's a big issue. And within his own party, his support for Israel is hurting him with a wing of the party, which is considerably larger than it is in the Republican Party, for example, that is very sympathetic toward the Arab side in this conflict, and long has been, and especially toward those who are suffering in Gaza.BAIER: Last thing, just going back to tonight, if you thought back a year ago, even six months ago, that we would be here looking at the poll numbers we're looking at, independents trending towards President Trump on a number of different issues. Would you believe that?HUME: Well, I've always thought that the age and acuity issue was a ticking time bomb. And I was saying back when it was not at all fashionable to say it, that he's senile and now I think he is palpably senile and the country sees it. And one of his challenges on Thursday night Bret, I think it would be whether he can assuage the concerns of those even within his own party, who think and say that he's too old for the job.BAIER: Brit, we got a long night ahead, get some coffee. Thank you, sir.HUME: Appreciate it.BAIER: Up next, how the border crisis is affecting the 2024 campaign. We'll have a live report from South Texas.Plus, new alarms about sexual crimes by Hamas terrorists against Israeli citizens.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)Alabama lawmakers facing public pressure to get in vitro fertilization services restarted in the state, have advanced legislation to shield providers from the fallout of a court ruling that equated frozen embryos to children.Committees in the state Senate and House approved nearly identical bills that would protect providers from lawsuits and criminal prosecution for damage or death of an embryo during IVF services.Lawmakers are aiming to give final approval tomorrow and send a legislation to Republican Governor Kay Ivey, who was -- has indicated she will sign it.The House Select Subcommittee on the coronavirus pandemic has subpoenaed former New York Governor Andrew Cuomo. The committee wants him to testify about his COVID-19 nursing home policies.Cuomo directed the state's nursing homes to accept COVID patients in 2020. That decision led to fierce criticism. Republican leaders of that committee say the action cause deadly consequences for New York's most vulnerable. A Cuomo spokesperson says the move isn't obvious press charade.The president's border crisis has emerged as the number one issue in many national polls. This evening, we take a look at how it's affecting the race for the White House.Senior national correspondent Rich Edson, reports tonight from Laredo.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT (voice over): In 72 hours this past weekend at the southern border, customs and border protection officials say they have encountered more than 21,000 migrants. A surge largely in Arizona and California. Record numbers of migrants have crossed under the Biden administration.And recent polling shows immigration is now among the top issues driving voters.REP. TONY GONZALES (R-TX): America has had enough. They've had enough of Joe Biden, they've had enough for Joe Biden, they've had enough for this open border.EDSON (voice over): Republicans have demanded President Biden reverse his executive orders that unraveled Trump immigration policies. Some Democrats have also pushed the White House to act.REP. HENRY CUELLAR (D-TX): As Democrats, we cannot say it doesn't exist or try to ignore it.The president can still take steps to address border security, but they need to take those steps soon.EDSON (voice over): The White House did secure an agreement with Senate Republicans on border issues. Former President Trump opposed it and congressional Republicans followed suit.Trump's primary challenger Nikki Haley says the former president sank the border bill only to cause chaos and help his election prospects.House Republicans are now working on a bill to require the detention of undocumented immigrants arrested for crimes. Biden is under pressure from some in his own party to reject Republican demands and protect those travelling here to claim asylum.In Texas, some Democrats also accused Republicans of distorting the border crisis for political gain.SEN. ROLAND GUTIERREZ (D-TX), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: We can fix it right through a comprehensive immigration reform. But Greg Abbott and Ted Cruz, and all the rest of them, they don't want to fix it. They just want to yell about it.(END VIDEOTAPE)EDSON (on camera): Gutierrez there is one of the many Democrats running in the primary today to challenge Republican incumbent Senator Ted Cruz. Cruz, who has repeatedly referenced the number of migrants crossing this river and into the United States. Bret?BAIER: Rich Edson in Laredo, Rich, thanks.Customs and Border Protection Services tell Fox, a Colombian National on the FBI is terror watch list was apprehended February 21st in Eagle Pass, Texas, just days before former President Trump visited that area.The suspect was taken into custody by Texas officials then turned over to Border Patrol.Custom's data shows there have been 59 matches to the terror watch list since this fiscal year began October 1st. All that one had been on the southern border."BREAKING TONIGHT", Arizona Democrat turned to Independent. Senator Kyrsten Sinema says she will not run for reelection.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram is on Capitol Hill to tell us why, what she is saying about it, what this could mean for that Arizona Senate race? Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening.There was no clear path for Sinema to win. She left the Democratic Party and is now an Independent. Sinema faced a challenge from Democratic Representative Ruben Gallego and from Republican Kari Lake.Fox has told Sinema was just illusion by her colleagues after Republicans torched a bipartisan border deal she helped broker.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. KYRSTEN SINEMA (I-AZ): Because I choose civility, understanding, listening, working together to get stuff done, I believe the Senate at the end of this year.Over my career, I've shown how government can work for everyday people.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Sinema also alienated the left as she fought against eliminating the filibuster. But the White House saluted Sinema for her work on infrastructure.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: She has been a partner with us on many critical issues that matter to the American people. And I think that's important.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Sinema's departure reflects increasing polarization in Congress. There are few moderate Democrats left. Joe Manchin is also leaving.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SINEMA: The only political victories that matter these days are symbolic, attacking your opponents on cable news or social media compromise is a dirty word. We've arrived at that crossroad, and reach chose anger and division.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Republican Steve Daines leads his party's campaign efforts. Daines says the vacancy creates an opportunity for the GOP to flip the seat. Bret?BAIER: Chad Pergram, live on the Hill. Chad, thanks.New Jersey Democratic Senator Bob Menendez is facing new charges tonight, several of them. Federal prosecutors have levelled obstruction of justice allegations against the senator in yet another superseding indictment, relating to a multi-year alleged bribery scheme involving Egypt and Qatar governments.The senator is accused of acting as a foreign agent and accepting hundreds of thousands of dollars of bribes to benefit the Egyptian government through his power and influence as a senator on Foreign Relations Committee.Up next, one of the nation's most high-profile progressive lawmakers gets a taste of her own medicine here in town.First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.FOX17 in Nashville as authorities investigate a plane crash that left five people dead. The small aircraft was forced to make an emergency landing near Interstate 40 in West Nashville.Police say the pilot reported engine and power failure before the crash.FOX2 in Detroit as a projectile from a Clinton Township explosion kills a man who was not near that building. The fire chief says the 19-year-old victim was about a quarter mile away when he was hit by a flying canister.Firefighter was also injured. The chief says shrapnel flew as far as a mile in all directions. Cause of that fire remains under investigation.And this is a live look at San Francisco from our affiliate, FOX2, one of the big stories there tonight. Amazon founder, Jeff Bezos reclaims the title of world's richest person. It's Bezos's first time on top of the list since 2021.He dethrones Elon Musk on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index with a net worth of $200 billion with a B.That's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Meta owned platforms Facebook and Instagram were down for about two hours across the globe today. The disruption started around 10:00 a.m. eastern time. An outage tracking website says there were more than 550,000 reports of disruptions for Facebook and about 92,000 for Instagram. The company is blaming what it calls a technical issue.Stocks today had their worst day in three weeks ahead of testimony from the Federal Reserve Chairman and new economic data. The Dow lost 405 today. The S&P 500 dropped 52. The Nasdaq fell 268.The Dartmouth Men's Basketball team has voted to unionize. It is an unprecedented step toward forming the first labor union for college athletes. The players voted 13 to two to join Service Employees International Union local 560 which already represents some Dartmouth workers.Activists are turning the tables on progressives as the Hamas-Israel war goes on. One of the most high-profile pro-Palestinian lawmakers finds herself on the wrong side of her earlier exhortation that protesters should make their targets feel uncomfortable. Correspondent Nate Foy shows us tonight from here in New York.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ, (D-NY): I need you to understand that this is not OK.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's not OK that there's a genocide happening and you are not actively against it.OCASIO-CORTEZ: You're lying.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Democratic Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez faced pro-Palestinian protesters while leaving a Brooklyn movie theater.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Just say it's a genocide. Just say it.FOY: The congresswoman addressed the demonstrators and appeared to claim she has already accused Israel of genocide.OCASIO-CORTEZ: You are going to cut it, and you're going to cut this and you're going to clip this so that it's completely out of context. I already said that it was, and you all are just going to pretend that it wasn't over and over again. It's -- up, man. You are not these people, and you're not helping them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Protect black bodies.CROWD: Protect black bodies.FOY: In 2020 the congresswoman defended protesters calling to defund the police, tweeting, quote, "Popular support often starts small and grows. To folks who complain protest demands make others uncomfortable, that's the point." Ocasio-Cortez is just the latest democrat to face political pressure over the Israel-Hamas war.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Palestine will be free!FOY: President Joe Biden faced protests in New York while visiting last week and at his hotel in San Francisco weeks ago. But the president's team protects him.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's because of protests that you don't want to share details about the president's schedule? Different protests?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I don't have anything else to share on that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Free Palestine! Free Palestine!FOY: Pro-Palestinian protesters interrupted first lady Jill Biden's speech in Arizona over the weekend.(END VIDEO TAPE)FOY (on camera): Protesters also filled the streets in Los Angeles this weekend, calling for immediate cease-fire in Gaza. Democratic voters in several states say they will not vote for President Joe Biden because of his support for Israel. Bret?BAIER: Nate, thank you.United Nations officials say there are reasonable grounds to believe Hamas terrorists committed sexual crimes against women during last October's massacre in Israel and continue to do so. That assessment comes amid ongoing cease-fire talks in Egypt and humanitarian airdrops by the U.S. and Jordan into Gaza. Correspondent Trey Yingst has the latest tonight from Tel Aviv.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Pallets of flood float through the sky dropped into Gaza for a second time by the U.S. military. Inside, more than 36,000 meals for hungry Palestinians, including some of Gaza's most vulnerable residents.JENS LAERKE, UNITED NATIONS HUMANITARIAN AFFAIRS: Now, when children starting as doctors are, are telling our colleagues to die from starvation, that should be an alarm like no other.YINGST: The U.N.'s Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs warns of a growing humanitarian disaster inside Gaza that will only be made worse as the conflict continues.And 151 days into the war, Hamas representatives are meeting with mediators in Cairo to continue cease-fire talks. After two days of discussion, it was decided to extend the conversations as President Biden calls for an end to the fighting.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President, how close are we to the cease-fire?JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's in the hands of Hamas right now. The Israelis have been cooperating. There is an offer out there that's rational. We don't know what -- we'll know in a couple days what's going to happen. But we need a cease-fire.CROWD: Bring them home now.YINGST: Officials in Tel Aviv say time is running out to save the remaining hostages. Around 100 are believed to be alive, along with at least 30 bodies that Israel is working to return. New findings by the U.N. special representative on sexual violence add to the pressure to reach a deal.PRAMILA PATTEN, U.N. SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE: With regard to the hostages taken to Gaza, we found clear and convincing information that sexual violence, including rape, sexualized torture, cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment has been committed against captives.(END VIDEO TAPE)YINGST (on camera): The U.N. special convoy says there are reasonable grounds to believe that sexual violence is still being committed against those held in captivity. Bret?BAIER: Trey Yingst in Tel Aviv. Trey, thanks.Hungary's president has formally signed a bill approving Sweden's NATO bid. That removes the last obstacle after 18 months of delays that frustrated the alliance as it sought to expand in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. It is the second expansion of NATO's ranks in a year.Up next, our special panel here in New York on what to expect this Super Tuesday.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. Ukraine claims it has sunk another Russian warship in the Black Sea. It says it used high tech sea drones to destroy the vessel, which reportedly can carry cruise missiles and about 60 crew members. The Ukrainians say they have sunk at least 12 Russian naval vessels so far.And this is a live look at earth from the International Space Station. One of the big stories there tonight, three astronauts and a Russian cosmonaut express their joy after arriving at the ISS. SpaceX's Falcon rocket blasted off from Kennedy Space Center Sunday. A team is replacing a crew that has been aboard since August. During their half-year stint, the new crew will oversee the arrivals of two new rocket ships.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I don't know why everybody is so adamant that they have to follow Trump's lead to get me out of this race. Sixteen states want to have their voices heard.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: We will go on to victory the likes of which no one has ever seen before. We will evict crooked Joe Biden from the White House.JILL BIDEN, U.S. FIRST LADY: Donald Trump is dangerous. We must reelect Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Another Biden-Trump rematch would probably be easy game for Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't like either one of them, to be honest.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think Nikki Haley knows that she has no chance.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, it's a big night, Super Tuesday. We've got 16 states in all, one territory, both Republicans and Democrats. Heading on the Republican side into this night, the current delegate total, 273 for former President Trump, 43 for former governor Nikki Haley. A number of Super Tuesday GOP delegates up for grabs tonight, 854. Here's the A.P., "Why Super Tuesday matters and what to watch. As the race pivots to Super Tuesday, the vast map seems tailormade for Trump to roll up an insurmountable lead on Haley. Haley has banked a considerable about of campaign money. She says wants to stay in the race until the Republican National Convention in July in case delegates there have second thoughts about formally nominating Trump amidst his legal woes. She may not be able to afford another sweeping loss," however.With that, let's bring in our special panel, Bill Hemmer, co-host of AMERICA'S NEWSROOM, and also will be on the big board tonight, Martha MacCallum, anchor and executive editor of "THE STORY WITH MARTHA MACCALLUM," also my co-anchor tonight, and Harold Ford Jr., former Tennessee Congressman, co-host of THE FIVE. Is the board all warmed up?HEMMER: I think so. We will find out at the same time, right?(LAUGHTER)BAIER: What are you looking for tonight?HEMMER: Listen, I think if you are Nikki Haley's team, early on in the Vermont is going to close at 7:00, and so, too, is Virginia. And if you scan the possibilities for delegates, it appears that those two states are strong possibilities for her to pick up some delegates, maybe not win the state, necessarily.I went back eight years ago to Super Tuesday, just to try to get a fix as to where we were then, not just as a nation but where the Republican Party was. Donald Trump won 283 delegates that night. Keep in mind, California was in June. California is tonight now. And Ted Cruz won 245, a difference of 38. So it's a pretty close race here, right? And earlier today on FOX & FRIENDS, he was talking about going 15 for 15 tonight. I'm not saying that's going to happen, but he was mentioning that earlier today.You put all that together, and he has won the Republican Party. And he will be the Republican nominee. The question is whether it happens next Tuesday or the week after.BAIER: Yes, to that point, here's the former president this morning talking about his competitor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: There's no path for her to win. Whether she likes hearing that or not, there's no path for her to win, no matter what.There is no path. What's she doing, other than hurting -- other than hurting the Republican Party?(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So one of the storylines tonight, Martha, is how he talks about her, how he talks about her supporters, and how that unity message comes across from the former president.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Absolutely. And we've heard different versions of how he speaks about her. He clearly wants her to shut down her campaign, right? And he is hoping that he will make a definitive argument tonight for her to do it. And she might. We know that she is not planning to make a speech tonight, which is unusual. Every other night for these primaries she has come out and said she is going to keep going.So, tonight is an evaluation period for Nikki Haley. Maybe we'll hear from her tomorrow. She is at home in Charleston, South Carolina, right now, so we'll see what she says. But clearly Trump wants to shut her down at this point. And whether or not she goes away is a big question.But how will he speak about her? Will it be birdbrain? Will it be attacking the dress that she is wearing? I'm guessing that he will want to start to pull over some of her voters, and he may -- we may see sort of the more gentleman version of President Trump that you and I saw in Iowa in the townhall. And maybe if he's looking towards the general election, he will focus more in that way.BAIER: Yes. Meantime, on other side, "Axios," Harold, "Biden's new strategy, go for Trump's jugular. Biden has told friends he thinks Trump is wobbly both intellectually and emotionally and will explode if Biden mercilessly gigs and goads him. Go haywire in public, as one adviser put it. Instead of focusing on jobs and the economy, areas in which polls suggest Americans aren't giving Biden much credit, Biden would be making the contest as much about Trump as his own accomplishments." Don't you think that's a dangerous road to go down?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Maybe. I think you had in your lead-in, you interviewed some people, and they all said -- several of them said they wished that neither of these guys were the choices that the country was going to be confronted with. So if you see that kind of polling in either campaign, you go for the jugular. I wish we could get back to campaigns in which you tried to understand the concerns and fears of Americans, try to provide inspired leadership, and in the process you may go after the jugular every once in a while, but the campaign was bigger than that. I'm going to be looking tonight to see what Martha said and what Bill said in your lead-in about the speech. Does the speech not only try to go after Nikki Haley, but how do you begin to speak to the country? How do you begin to speak to those independents? We have to remember, the last two elections where people voted, Democrats did pretty well. They didn't lose as bad in 22. They held on to the Senate.BAIER: So are you surprised by the polls now? Because these recent polls, the string of them has really been quite something to watch.FORD: This race, the country is divided. Therea are about a million voters in six or seven states, give or take a few hundred thousand that really independents have decided the race. I'm not surprised by the polling, to answer your question. But what I will be surprised tonight is if President Trump -- I will be looking for it. I don't want to -- I try to take out my surprise element now. I will be looking to see if he speaks to the country. Because if he is still just speaking to Republicans that support him, it bodes well for the other side. I'm a Democrat. It bodes well for Democrats.Nikki Haley, interesting to me, you can't be critical of someone in your party who is gaining 30 to 40 percent of the vote in states and you say you want to bring party together. We heard him be magnanimous in one state. How is he magnanimous tonight, not just to her but to the country? If he's able to do that, if I'm a Democrat, from a political standpoint you get a little more concerned. But as a red-blooded American, it gives me some comfort that these guys want to lead not only their party and not only the people that support them, but those of us in this country who believe we need a leader and need our fears and concerns addressed.BAIER: Bill, these polls, they're polls. They're snapshots in time. They are not votes. But "The Des Moines Register" in Iowa today, well-respected poll, comes out with a poll that has Trump up 15 points on Joe Biden. That's exponentially what it was just at the Iowa caucuses.HEMMER: Yes, you think about it, that used to be a swing state, right, if those numbers are correct, and the poll that you point out has a lot of credibility.Harold, to your point about the split, you know we had our own numbers that came out on Monday morning. I think there is a bit of a rumble across the political world on Sunday morning when "The New York Times" came out with the numbers about Joe Biden. There was one line in there that I brought up repeatedly, and I don't get it. But, if this is true, Harold, Mr. Biden is winning only 83 percent of his voters from 2020 with 10 percent saying they now back Mr. Trump. So the way I read that, if that's true and they were voting tomorrow, this election would be over, period.BAIER: I do think that that's what we are seeing in the polls, which is why you hear all this clamoring on the Democratic side, Martha, is there going to be another shoe that drops? Is there going to be another candidate? Now we have heard from Michelle Obama's office that she is squashing any talk of a White House bid, quote, "She will not be running for president." And they are saying she is supporting President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris.MACCALLUM: It's interesting. When you look back among the Obama camp, David Axelrod, comments that have come from people close to him that they are concerned about whether or not Joe Biden can close the deal a second time, whether or not they can come up with another candidate. It certainly looks like this is going to be Biden versus Trump. That is absolutely what it feels like right now.But we're nine months out, and there are a lot of things that can happen between now and then in these 80-year-old and 77-year-old candidates, not to mention these legal challenges that President Trump faces. But tonight as we sit here, he absolutely is dominant in terms of securing the GOP nomination. A lot of questions as we saw in those polls about President Biden.BAIER: Breaking news today, the Arizona Democrat turned independent, Kyrsten Sinema, says she is not running for re-election at the end of the year, which leaves Kari Lake and Ruben Gallego in that battle for Senate in Arizona. Rick Wilson with Lincoln Project predicts No Labels will choose Sinema to be their nominee, is what he puts on X tonight. Thoughts about Kyrsten Sinema?FORD: I like Kyrsten Sinema. I like her politics. I like the way she litigated politics because she did it from the middle, a place where I think the strength is in politics. I'm hopeful she finds her way back into politics somehow. I don't know if that will be through No Labels, but we'll see what happens.To your point, the reason that I think Democrats and Joe Biden thinks he has to go for the jugular the way that Bret led in is because he hasn't been able to consolidate his base yet. If he is able to tell the base this is the guy, the bad guy, they may come back his way.BAIER: Panel, we've got a long night ahead. Drink some coffee.HEMMER: We shall.BAIER: Thanks a lot.MACCALLUM: See you in a bit.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: OK, it's time for "Tuesday X-tras," but we are going to do that on the move this time because we are in a different studio. Here in New York, you've got a number of studios. I'm going to make my way to Studio M for the special election coverage for Super Tuesday tonight. So, as we walk, I'm going to do "Tuesday X-tras." Watch the door. There you go.OK, first up, Kelly asked, "Do you have special rituals preparing for the night? Naps? Special meals? How do you decide what outfits are for the night? Interesting to learn behind the scenes." Well, Kelly, there aren't that many choices for me. I do dark blue, red ties, maybe blue ties, so it's pretty easy. Women have a lot different situation.Up next, King David wonders, "What living person in the world right now would you most like to interview?" I used to always say the Pope, and I still do. But I actually think President Xi from China is who I'm probably most angling to get.We're going to go down to the lobby. It's this complicated elevator system. We're going to wait for the elevator here. And I will do the last question when I get to the ground, because I've got to get to this other studio before we start. And I will see you down there.All right, making our way to Studio M here for the special coverage. We've got one more question here. Moose Nose asks, "Ninth hole, Pebble Beach, 481 yards. What club do you recommend if you could hurry? I've got a foursome pushing us." Good question. Driver down the left, six iron on the green, left side, two put par.Listen, I'm going to go in to the studio, get ready for special coverage. We've got you covered all night long, Super Tuesday, fair, balanced and unafraid.(END VIDEO TAPE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)HUME: It's the biggest night of the primaries.(APPLAUSE)NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Thank you.HUME: With showdowns all across America.(APPLAUSE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Get out and vote. You've got to get out and vote.HALEY: We do have a country to save. But this is where it comes down to you.HUME: Tonight, more than 800 Republican delegates at stake, and Donald Trump has his eyes on the final prize.TRUMP: Get out, Joe. You're fired. Give me liberty or give me death.(APPLAUSE)HALEY: God bless you.HUME: But Nikki Haley insists she is the only one that can beat Joe Biden.HALEY: Thank you so much.Look at the chaos that is happening under Joe Biden and Donald Trump.HUME: And the president looks to dispel any doubts about his strength.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: America's democracy at risk -- was at risk, and we saved it. Are you with me?(APPLAUSE)HUME: Our Super Tuesday election coverage starts right now.(END VIDEO TAPE)