DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You're about to graduate and you don't know what you want to do, the U.K. Antarctic Heritage Trust is looking to hire five people for a five-month sit in Port Lockroy. This is including someone to count the number of penguins in the area. So, what you do is either you go run the gift shop or you could count penguins. And I think this might be a really good thing for somebody to do for your gap year.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I'd like to do that.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Can penguins lick their eyeballs, Bret?BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, Jesse. Hey, congrats on the book. And I'll see you later in the show.WATTERS: See you soon.BAIER: All right. Good evening. I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, we're following several major stories. The Biden administration is taking major criticism over its withdrawal of U.S. forces from Afghanistan in 2021. It's all coming out in a fiery hearing on Capitol Hill. We'll take you there.First up, though, a new ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court on the border crisis. Justices just ruled six to three that Texas can arrest migrants suspected of crossing into the country illegally and send them back home. It's a significant setback for the president's policies.Correspondent David Spunt starts us off tonight live from the Justice Department. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hello, Bret. This order from the U.S. Supreme Court as divisive as the issue of immigration enforcement itself, it is a classic fight between the federal government and local government when it comes to law enforcement and right now, Texas is winning the legal battle.Let's take a live look at our Fox News drone camera on the border right now in Texas looking over at the border into Mexico. With this order, any police officer in Texas can now arrest and to have deported someone for entering the country illegally.Reuters recently reporting that Mexico officials say that they will not accept those migrants that are kicked out of Texas. The High Court previously blocked Texas officials from enforcing the new Texas law twice while it makes its way through the legal system.Governor Greg Abbott though writing this afternoon. In a 6-3 decision SCOTUS, meaning the Supreme Court allows Texas to begin enforcing Senate Bill 4 that allows the arrest of illegal immigrants.We still have to have hearings in the Fifth Circuit Federal Court of Appeals, but this is clearly a positive development. The case is expected to be in front of the Supreme Court for a ruling on the merits of the controversial law itself.The order expose the usual rift among the justices, the six conservative justices voting in favor of Texas with three liberals including Ketanji Brown Jackson voting against. Justice Sonia Sotomayor calling the Texas law a, "novel scheme that invites further chaos and crisis."The White House weighing in, Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre wrote, we fundamentally disagree with the Supreme Court's order allowing Texas' harmful and unconstitutional law to go into effect. S.B. 4 will not only make communities in Texas less safe, it will also burden law enforcement and sow chaos and confusion at our southern border.The next step as Governor Abbott said, this will go to a federal appeals court but ultimately, Bret, it could drive those migrants from Texas to other border states, Bret.BAIER: David Spunt, thank you. David, some of the other Supreme Court news today involves former President Donald Trump.SPUNT: Bret, that's exactly right. The Supreme Court received a formal written notice from President Donald Trump's legal team about why he wants to take his case of presidential immunity before the Justices. He believes that he should be immune from prosecution from Special Counsel, Jack Smith arguing that his alleged actions to overturn the 2020 election results happened while he was president of the United States. He said since that happened while he was in office, he can't be charged. The justices will hear oral arguments on this case, April 25th. And a little bit more than a month from now.And depending on what they do, it could either push the actual case in Washington D.C., perhaps after the election or perhaps cancel it altogether, Bret.BAIER: We'll follow it all. David, thanks.Now to as we mentioned at the top of the show, a difficult and contentious reexamination of President Biden's U.S. troop withdrawal from Afghanistan. Top military officials expressed their regret over the disastrous exit in an at times fiery House hearing. Congressional Correspondent Aishah Hasnie has the story from Capitol Hill.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GEN. MARK MILLEY (RET.), FORMER JOINT CHIEFS CHAIRMAN: There's zero doubt in my mind there were mistakes made.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Generals Mark Milley and Frank McKenzie back on Capitol Hill this time as private citizens blasting the Biden administration for the chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan.GEN. FRANK MCKENZIE (RET.) FORMER CENTCOM COMMANDER: If there's fault, it lies in a policy decision that placed the joint force in this situation.HASNIE (voice over): The generals telling lawmakers Afghanistan would not have collapsed if the White House had followed the Pentagon's assessments to keep U.S. troops on the ground.MILLEY: The Afghan government, the Afghan security forces would not have collapsed in August of 21, had we maintain that posture.HASNIE (voice over): They also blame the State Department for ordering an evacuation too late.MILLEY: The fundamental mistake, fundamental flaw was the timing of the State Department.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And that was too little too late.MILLEY: It was my judgment that it was far too little, far too late.HASNIE (voice over): A few Democrats who attended the hearing say the failure lies in 20 years of American policy, including that of former President Trump, and they wondered why the generals even showed up today.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, there's not really anything new that was learned today. Because you've testified to it before.MILLEY: I'll leave that to you all to determine.HASNIE (voice over): Some loved ones of the 13 U.S. service members who died during the attack at Abbey Gate were also in the room like Steve Nikoui, who was arrested for shouting during President Biden State of the Union Address.HASNIE: Was charges get dropped?STEVE NIKOUI, GOLD STAR FATHER: I have no idea. No, no charges got dropped.HASNIE: So, you're still facing charges?NIKOUI: Yes.HASNIE: Really? And nobody from the administration has tried to intervene or help?HASNIE (voice over): Democrat Congresswoman Debbie Dingell sidestepping whether Congress should intervene.REP. DEBBIE DINGELL (D-MI): I don't know you guys, I got to go.HASNIE (voice over): But Republican Michael Waltz says lawmakers will do everything to get those charges dropped.REP. MIKE WALTZ (R-FL): We're working with the sergeant-at-arms, the Capitol Police.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And Fox did reach out to the State Department today for reaction to today's testimony. We have not heard back just yet, Bret.There was another moment during the hearing here that got some unwanted attention for Republicans. Chairman Michael McCaul caught on a hot mic basically using foul language to try and wrap up Congressman Darrell Issa's comments, watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MICHAEL MCCAUL (R-TX): Gentleman's time has expired. Ms. Miller-Meeks is recognized.REP. DARRELL ISSA (R-CA): Oh, I didn't realize. Thank you.MCCAUL: You kept keeping in five minute.ISSA: I thought I was done. I thought it was -- I thought it was a closing act, chairman.MCCAUL: Yes, go (EXPLETIVE DELETED) yourself.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Yes, I don't believe he realized he was -- the mic was hot at that moment. Issa's team is telling Fox tonight, no big deal. He's been called far worse and by a colleagues that he doesn't like. McCaul spokesperson is telling me the chairman was gaveling the time Darrell Issa's comments, Chairman McCaul himself writes this, it was a long day and I lost my temper, that is uncharacteristic of me and I apologize to Mr. Issa who I consider a friend. So, both sides trying to move on from that moment, Bret.BAIER: Got to keep it to five minutes. Aishah Hasnie live on the Hill. Aishah, thanks.President Biden has begun a three state Western campaign swing, he just wrapped up speaking to an audience in Las Vegas about lowering costs for American families. White House Correspondent Peter Doocy has details tonight live from North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. This is the kind of campaign day you usually don't see until much later in the cycle. Three events spread out over two swing states on the west coast as President Biden and his team hope to improve poll numbers that were supposed to spike after the State of the Union, but didn't.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Last week, Donald Trump and I clinch the nominations. We're going to beat him again.DOOCY (voice over): To do so, he's got work to do with Latino voters in swing states, Arizona and Nevada.BIDEN: This county and this state is really, really, really critical.DOOCY (voice over): A recent New York Times Siena College Poll finds President Biden trailing Trump with Hispanic voters by six points.REP. VERONICA ESCOBAR (D-TX): There are a number of Latino communities that have benefited significantly from the student loan relief. We know that Latino communities have also benefited tremendously from the cap on insulin.DOOCY (voice over): But Biden's communications director admits that to beat Trump, I think it's going to take a relentless effort on behalf of this campaign to reach the voters.So far, they've done that by promoting both Biden's words and Trump's words.BIDEN: The point is it's about values. What do we value? Who are we? What are we for? What are we trying to get done? Folks, you know, Trump wants to undo everything we've done.DOOCY (voice over): The president is hoping to showcase the investment his campaign is making in Nevada, but nobody said opening a new campaign office is easy.BIDEN: So, folks, look -- I'm going on too long. I apologize.That must be my traveling staff.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): The president's remarks later on in Las Vegas were about things that he is doing to lower costs. The challenge for him and his team is going to be convincing people who don't feel like costs are coming down, that they actually are, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.Former President Donald Trump says the bond of more than $450 million set by that judge in his civil fraud case is unconstitutional, un-American, unprecedented and "practically impossible".By law, the state attorney general can begin seizing Trump properties next week if the former president cannot come up with the money.Senior Correspondent Eric Shawn has the latest tonight from outside Trump Tower in New York.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We have a great company but they want to take it away. They'd like to take the cash away so I can't use it on the campaign.ERIC SHAWN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Donald Trump has to come up with for $454 million by Monday, or he could lose parts of his real estate empire. Trump has posted nearly half a billion dollar bond to satisfy the judgment set by Judge Arthur Engoron who found that Trump illegally overvalued his real estate assets to get better loan rates.Trump is asking an appeals court to pause the judgment for now or accept a lower bond of $100 million. But New York State Attorney General Letitia James who brought the case can freeze his bank accounts and seize some of his real estate properties like Trump Tower if he does not come up with the money.Her office says, "There are a significant risk that absent a full bond or deposit, defendants will attempt to evade enforcement of the judgment or to make enforcement more difficult after an appeal."The former president has sparked another controversy.TRUMP: I think that the Democrats have been very very opposed to Jewish people. That's true and to Israel.SHAWN (voice over): In remarks in a podcast about Jewish democratic voters. He said, "Now, any Jewish person that votes for Democrats hates their religion. They hate everything about Israel, and they should be ashamed of themselves."President Biden's campaign shot back by saying, "The only person who should be ashamed here is Donald Trump. Donald Trump openly demeans Jewish Americans. Americans are sick of his hateful resentment, personal attacks and extreme agenda."(END VIDEOTAPE)SHAWN (on camera): The White House also weighed in saying, "There is no justification for spreading toxic, false statements that threaten fellow citizens. None." Bret.BAIER: Eric Shawn outside Trump Tower. Eric, thanks.Former Trump White House official Peter Navarro is now an inmate at a federal prison in Florida. They've all reported to the facility today. He was found guilty of misdemeanor charges for refusing to cooperate with a congressional investigation into the Capitol riot of January 6th 2021. He was sentenced to four months.On his way in to vote in Florida's primary today, former President Trump commented on the imprisonment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I think it's a shame, I think it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace to our nation what they did to him.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Navarro has maintained he could not cooperate with the committee because former President Trump had invoked executive privilege as president. Lower courts have rejected that argument, finding Navarro could not prove the president actually invoked it.Stock surged today ahead of the Federal Reserve's next interest rate decision. The Dow jumping 320, S&P 500 was up 29 for a new record close. The NASDAQ gained 63.Up next, the latest on U.S. efforts to get stranded Americans out of Haiti.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 31 in Denver as Colorado lawmakers discuss what they're calling an assault weapons ban. It's one of several new bills focused on access to guns. The bill defines the term assault weapon and prohibits a person from manufacturing, buying and selling them. A measure similar to this one failed at the Colorado Capitol last year.Fox Carolina in Greenville as Clemson University filed a lawsuit against the Atlantic Coast Conference. The ACC owns the broadcast rights to home games played through 2036. Even if the institution ends its membership in the ACC. There is also $140 million penalty.And this is a live look at Chicago. One of the big stories there from Fox 32 our affiliate, Lollapalooza reveals its 2024 lineup. Headliners for the four day music extravaganza at Chicago's Grant Park include SZA, Tyler the Creator, Blink 182 and The Killers. This year's festival will run through from August 1st through the 4th with more than 170 acts scheduled to play across eight stages. I know Dana Perino really likes SZA.That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT, we'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: We're learning new details tonight about efforts to get trapped Americans out of Haiti, as that island nation experiences civil and political turmoil.Correspondent Gillian Turner is at the state department tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)VEDANT PATEL, DEPUTY SPOKESPERSON, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: We are exploring options for American citizens to depart Haiti from Port-au- Prince.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The state department, facing intense pressure from Americans stranded in Haiti, says they're now looking for a way to evacuate U.S. citizens via helicopter.As officials scrambled to put those plans in place. Members of Congress have begun taking matters into their own hands.Republican Cory Mills says his office has rescued 23 Americans.REP. CORY MILLS (R-FL): You've got this deputy spokesman, saying is their top priority for the safety of security. But it's not. It is not their top priority. If it was, they would have actually been starting flights out of the Cap-Haitien.TURNER (voice over): The state department responding with this warning.PATEL: Operations like these that are sort of done deviating from formal state department operations. They can be high risk. We're talking about a country that's been a level four do not travel country since 2020.TURNER (voice over): Some U.S. citizens unwilling to risk waiting or fleeing Haiti on foot.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Dominican immigration officials tell Fox, at least 359 Americans have left Haiti through this border crossing since March 1st.It's a six-hour drive from Haiti's gang-controlled capital. The state department warning Americans to travel at their own risk, and keep a low profile.TURNER (voice over): Even during today's congressional hearing on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan, the fate of those Americans hoping to get out of Haiti, very much on lawmakers' minds.REP. JARED MOSKOWITZ (D-FL): And I hope, Mr. Chairman, we can soon get a classified briefing on the situation going on there.(END VIDEOTAPE)TURNER (on camera): Well, the Biden administration's last evacuation of Americans out of Haiti was now more than three days ago. There were no evacuations of Americans today. But the state department tells us they hope and there is the possibility that those helicopter rescue missions could kick off begin as soon as this week. Bret.BAIER: Gillian Turner live at the state department. Gillian, thanks.In "AMERICA'S CRIME CRISIS" tonight, a new type of thievery becoming popular in this country from a foreign source. Police say robbers with fake I.D.s use technology to ransack homes of the wealthy.National correspondent William La Jeunesse has details tonight from Los Angeles.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TODD SPITZER, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA: There are photographs of over 400 individuals who have been arrested in the United States from Chile.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Police call it burglary tourism, and some blame the Biden administration.SPITZER: I literally cannot comprehend why the United States government is trying to protect Chileans, who are coming in and breaking into our homes.LA JEUNESSE (voice over): In 2014, Chile became the first Latin American country whose residents didn't need a visa to enter the U.S., avoiding a background check and thus allowing criminals to board planes there to rob homes here.DOMINIC CHOI, POLICE CHIEF, LOS ANGELES: We have a significant increase in burglaries from organized groups that are outside this country.LA JEUNESSE (voice over): Police caught this group near Philadelphia with masks, gloves, pry bars, and a saw. In North Carolina, these four faced 200 charges of breaking and entering.In Glendale, California, police arrested these suspects for multiple burglaries. In Baltimore, police connected this group to break ins in Maryland, North Carolina, Alabama, and Oklahoma.According to authorities, they all have one thing in common. They enter the U.S. from Chile as tourists.REP. YOUNG KIM (R-CA): The South American theft groups are abusing the visa waiver program and sending criminals to burglarize my constituents.LA JEUNESSE: Using fake I.D.s to rent cars and lodging, police say existing databases offer little help. And if caught, many D.A.s don't prosecute and sheriffs can't or won't call ICE.SPITZER: Not only are they robbing us blind and burglarizing our homes, but then, they are not held to answer for their crimes.(END VIDEOTAPE)LA JEUNESSE (on camera): The state department could revoke Chile's visa waiver status, but says that's not necessary. Police tell us it is, because the country doesn't share criminal information as required.D.A. Spitzer is suing the Biden administration to find out why. Bret.BAIER: William, thank you.Up next, we'll go live to Phoenix to find out what's on the line during today's Arizona Primary. Take a look at the other primaries as well.First, BEYOND OUR BORDERS tonight. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he told President Biden a ground invasion of Rafah in Gaza is necessary to topple Hamas.Biden administration officials have warned they would not support an operation in Rafah, without the Israelis presenting a credible plan to ensure the safety of Palestinian civilians.Hong Kong lawmakers unanimously approve a new national security law, granting the government new power to quash dissent. The move is widely seen as the latest step in a sweeping political crackdown triggered by pro- democracy protests in 2019.And this is a live look at Paris. One of the big stories there tonight, scaffolding that shroud at the top of the Notre Dame Cathedral, following a devastating fire in April of 2019 is finally being removed.The action is revealing the cathedrals new spire for the first time. It is adorned with a golden rooster and cross. Notre Dame is scheduled to reopen December 8th.Just some of the other stories "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Several states are holding primary season elections today -- Arizona, Florida, Illinois, Kansas, and Ohio. There is a three-way battle for the Republican Senate nomination in Ohio to take on Democrat incumbent Senator Sherod Brown. And in Illinois, a fierce race between Democrats attempting to succeed controversial Cook County state's attorney Kim Foxx who is not running for a third term.Voters in Arizona are participating in that state's presidential preference election today. Then candidate Biden defeated then President Trump by a razor thin margin in the 2020 general election. Senior correspondent Alicia Acuna is in Phoenix with a look right now.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Both the current president and the former have won the state of Arizona. Each needs it again, both have an uphill climb. Biden flipped this critical battleground in 2020 by fewer than 11,000 votes. This time around, the Arizona landscape includes a border and housing market crisis. Recent FOX News polling found Arizonans top three issues are the economy, election integrity, and immigration. Registered voters trust Trump over Biden in two out of the three.In a hypothetical matchup, Trump beats Biden by four points with a margin of error plus or minus three points. However, the former president has challenges, too. Since Trump won here in 2016, the GOP has lost both Senate seats and the governor's mansion. Registered Republicans outnumber Democrats in Arizona, but a third of Arizona's electorate is independent. Anyone who hopes to win statewide needs them.That includes the two leading candidates for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by independent Kyrsten Sinema, which may be why Democratic candidate, Congressman Ruben Gallego, a once self-described true progressive voice, also visited the border this week.REP. RUBEN GALLEGO, (D-AZ) ARIZONA SENATE CANDIDATE: It's past time extremists controlled the narrative around the border. They have shown they would rather score political points than to have a solution.ACUNA: And Trump endorsed Republican candidate Kari Lake, who lost her bid for governor in 2022, now says she welcomes folks from all parties.KARI LAKE, (R) ARIZONA SENATE CANDIDATE: We're all human. We make mistakes occasionally. I do as well. And I'm not perfect and I never want to hurt anyone's feelings. But politics is a rough and tumble game, and sometimes things are said.(END VIDEO TAPE)ACUNA (on camera): President Biden is scheduled to land here in Phoenix in the next couple of hours. He's going to meet with members of the Latino community. He needs their support because polls show it's slipping. Bret?BAIER: Alicia, thank you.The Centers for Disease Control and prevention is issuing an alert to public health officials warning that the number of U.S. measles cases this year has already matched the entirety of 2023. The CDC confirms 58 cases across 17 jurisdictions. It says most cases reported this year have been among children aged 12 months and older who have not yet received the measles, mumps, rubella vaccine.House Republicans are pressing ahead with an effort to ban what's called diversity, equity, and inclusion policies in medical schools. New legislation would eliminate all federal funding to institutions with such mandates. Correspondent Griff Jenkins tells us why tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DR. STANLEY GOLDFARB, "DO NO HARM" BOARD CHAIR: DEI is dangerous everywhere but it's most dangerous in medical school.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: A warning from doctors and lawmakers on Capitol Hill who argue medical students are learning diversity, equity, and inclusion politics, or DEI, at the expense of life-saving care.GOLDFARB: Precious classroom and clinical time is now devoted to such issues as climate change, homelessness, policing and other social issues. The idealogues behind this trend don't want a doctor. They want lobbyists in white coats.JENKINS: Dr. Stanley Goldfarb, a former associate dean at UPenn's medical school, and chairman of the Do No Harm group, supports a new bill unveiled today by a group of House Republicans.REP. GREG MURPHY, (R-NC): Prescription pads and scalpels are now being weaponized.JENKINS: Lead sponsor of the bill and surgeon of nearly 35 years, Representative Greg Murphy, seeks to cut off all medical funding to medical schools and accrediting institutions with race-based mandates and DEI practices.MURPHY: In the past students were admitted based upon merit, excellence, and aptitude. Sadly enough, those days are changing.When it comes down to patient care, DEI can even lead to harmful, if not deadly consequences.JENKINS: A recent survey by the Association of American Medical Colleges found 96 percent of 101 U.S. and Canadian medical schools are integrating DEI as a key learning outcome and incorporating it in their admissions process. But Dr. Goldfarb says that denies what matters most to the patients.GOLDFARB: They don't want a level playing field. They want the best people caring for them.(END VIDEO TAPE)JENKINS (on camera): As for where the bill may or may not be headed, it's unclear at this point if it can garner bipartisan support in the House or a co-sponsor in the Senate. Bret?BAIER: All right, Griff, thank you.Up next, Jesse Watters talks about the news of the day plus his new book. It's called "Get It Together."Later, the panel on the presidential race and the Afghanistan fallout.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Regardless of the fact that my ancestors were oppressed, you can't see that when you look at me.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Phil Mickelson was oppressed.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know that is.WATTERS: By Tiger Woods.How many senators are there?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Twelve?WATTERS: Has a poor person ever offered you a job?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You say poor person, I immediately think homeless.WATTERS: Do you think I could be a model?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, you can.WATTERS: Slow down.Should I drink before or after I arrive?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What kind of drink are you talking?WATTERS: Do you guys have cosmos here?Do your parents know you are cutting school?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.WATTERS: They must be proud of you.I'm Watters, and this is my world.(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)BAIER: We've seen "Watters' World" for years. Now he's a big anchor and he has got a book out today, "Get It Together, Troubling Tales from the Liberal Fringe." And in it he writes about this book. It's different. He says "Interviewing wild characters on the street only gets you so deep. I set out looking to interview out of the mainstream Americans, not debate them, just to listen to their life stories. What I found was that their maverick ideology was rooted in personal struggle. A big factor in a person's policy preference or political identity, formative experiences in their youth."Joining us, aforementioned host of "Jesse Watters Primetime" Jesse. Congratulations on the book.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Thank you very much, Bret, appreciate it.BAIER: S, give me the elevator pitch. I mean, listening to that introduction, you are listening to these folks and you kind of examine them, almost.WATTERS: At age 45, I realized I should start listening. I'm a late bloomer. And so I sat down with maybe two dozen of the most fringe people we could find. And they confessed their life stories to me. I listened for hours and hours and hours as they told me their deepest and darkest secrets. We spoke to eco-sexuals, people who want to empty prisons, statue- topplers, drug-legalizers, toad-smokers, people who called me a white racist because they were a black supremacist. I talked to Stalinists. I talked to women who bring emotional support squirrels on to airplanes. A voodoo priestess. Everybody that we could find that was on the liberal fringe, and I explored their behavior and figured out, Bret, that they're irrational people with personality disorders who haven't fully thought through their ideologies. They are people with problems, and they're projecting on the rest of society. They're saying, I don't have a problem. Society has a problem. And if we can fix society, then I'll feel better. And we don't need a revolution in this country to solve people's personal issues. We just need people to get it together.BAIER: There you go. In the epilogue you kind of summarize the whole thing in these interviews. And you say "The common denominator is the father. The father who was absent. Or an abusive or alcoholic father. Most chaos comes from dysfunctional or disappearing dads." I mean, you think that this is a common denominator in what you are seeing in these interviews?WATTERS: It is the common denominator, almost across the board. It has nothing to do with wealth, class. Some woman grew up in a very wealthy southern California family. She ended up becoming a stripper at 16, doing crystal meth, and working in the sex industry. So, these people, either a barstool father or a father who was never in their life. They have now reached a point where no one was giving them discipline, no one was showing them there are boundaries. And so they grow up with daddy issues, or issues with authority, and then are projecting these issues onto the rest of society. Maybe no one told them to get it together as a child. And now society has to tell them to get it together.But society doesn't like saying get it together, because saying get it together is judgmental. And we don't want to stigmatize people. We're too nice for that. And I have repeated the phrase "get it together" not to drum into people's head subliminally that they need to go buy the book on Amazon, it's called "Get It Together." But these are phrases that society has just forgotten. My mother used to tell me, look me in the eye if I was out of line, and say "Jesse, get it together." And I knew what that meant. And I shaped up. And if I can shape up, Bret, anybody can.BAIER: Yes. You are hitting on something here. It's almost 18.5 million children across America live without a father. That's one in four. That's the Census Bureau coming up with those numbers. You talk about people's formative years. How did you get to your thinking, politically, policy- wise, how did you get to this?WATTERS: I grew up with parents who voted for Mondale, Dukakis, and literally think Trump is going to be a dictator on day one. But, as I was 18, 19 in college, I had a few drinks and I was watching C-Span late at night, and I realized the Republicans, they were in the Senate chamber, were saying the exact same things about limited government and personal responsibility that the founding fathers were saying.And then I listened to Limbaugh, read a book by Ann Coulter, and started watching "The O'Reilly Factor," and this was it. And it drove my parents crazy. Literally drove my mom crazy, I would make her listen to Limbaugh on car rides, and she would have fits of road rage and almost drive into shrubbery. But I survived. Some of the Thanksgivings were awkward. But here I am now on THE FIVE and JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME. And I think I turned out OK.BAIER: I think so, too. The book is "Get It Together." And all the subliminal talk, I think it's working. I'm sure it's going to be a big success. Jesse, thanks a lot, man.WATTERS: Thank you very much, Bret.BAIER: Up next, the panel on the presidential race and today's hearing about the Afghanistan withdrawal. Later, "Tuesday X-tras."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Across the country folks have filed a record number of new business applications since I took office, the fastest growth of Latino owned businesses in more than a decade.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: There has never been a president that's done such harm to a country as this president. He's the worst president we have ever had.TIM PAWLENTY, (R) FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Trump is slightly ahead in all or nearly all of the swing states, which presents a real challenge for Biden. I think it explains why he is out west trying to shore up his base with diverse voters.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: There former Governor Tim Pawlenty talking about the political situation as the president does head out west. He's making several stops in southwestern swing states. And why is that? What is he talking about? Axios has this, "Biden-Harris campaign launches push for Latino voters. Recent polls indicate the Democrats longtime advantage with Latinos, the fast- growing segment of the U.S. population, is diminishing. Biden's campaign knows that the president will need to maintain his Latino typical support levels to recreate his winning coalition from 2020."Let's bring in our panel, Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, "USA Today" White House correspondent Francesca Chambers, and former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer.Guy, it seems like this is another red alert for Democrats and the Biden campaign with the Latino numbers not in one poll but in several polls showing that they are upside down and supporting former President Trump.GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: If they could write this off as an outlier, that's what they would be saying for the cameras, and that's what they would be acting like internally. They know it's not an outlier. They know this is polling trend, as you mentioned, Bret, which is why this president is spending time, for example, in Nevada, not a place that he wants to be in all likelihood in terms of electoral map.And a big piece of this appears to be trying to pander to and reach out to and win back some support from Latino voters. I mean, fair enough, it's a key voting bloc, a growing one in a lot of these states. But there's also the conflict where Latinos actually agree with Republicans and Trump on a number of issues. We have seen that Biden and his team are going to lean into the abortion question, this limitless abortion on demand policy. That's not really going to fly very well with a lot of Hispanic Catholic voters, for instance.So they are trying to cobble back together a coalition that was successful for them in 2020. And they are discovering, from their perspective not too late hopefully, that this is going to be a real challenge.BAIER: Yes. Francesca, it's important to point out that Latino, Hispanic voters are not a monolithic voting bloc. There's all kinds of differences. But to Guy's point, even on immigration, there is a shift here. And just today with the Supreme Court, "The Washington Post" writes it this way, "Supreme court clears the way for Texas to enforce immigration law for now. S.B. 4 makes it a state crime for migrants to illegally cross the border, allows Texas officials to deport undocumented individuals. The litigation over state law is the latest court battle between the Biden administration and Republican leaders in Texas over the proper role of states in immigration enforcement." Even on that issue, it seems that the former president is better positioned, at least, where those border states and even Hispanic Latino voters are.FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, "USA TODAY": President Biden will actually be headed to Texas later this week. But that's more of a fundraising swing that he will be on when he is in Texas.But to Guy's point, just looking at this from a 30,000-foot level, while the Biden campaign says that it sees multiple pathways to reelection, multiple pathways to 270, you look at these battleground states, and President Biden is running into issues with Michigan with the uncommitted vote, as we have been talking about. He's running into issues in states like Nevada, even though there's support for unions there, but also with the Latino vote. Today he was talking about housing costs while he was in Nevada. That's been a prominent driver of inflation. Inflation is one of the key things that we see voters saying in poll after poll that they're very concerned about. So he has been pushing a housing plan on his trip there.So the Biden campaign heading to these battleground states. One of the benefits that he has post State of the Union is the power of the presidency, and he can travel to these states and do both campaign events as well as official events.BAIER: Yes. Ari, going after segments of voters, now there is because of the war, Israel-Hamas, an effort to go after Jewish American voters, and some of the things the former president has said raised some eyebrows, take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I think that the Democrats have been very, very opposed to Jewish people, that's true, and to Israel. All you have to do is look at Senator Schumer. What he did with Israel is a disgrace, and I think Israel will probably not forget it very soon.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: The former president's comments were utterly disgusting. To say you hate Israel or your religion because you have one political view over the other is sick. It's hateful. It is unadulterated antisemitism.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: This comes from an interview he did with Sebastian Gorka in which he said, quote, "You see those Palestinian marches. Even I am amazed how many people are in those marches, and guys like Schumer see that, and to him it's votes. I think it's votes more than anything else because he was always pro-Israel. He's very anti-Israel now. Any Jewish person that votes for Democrats hates their religion. They hate everything about Israel, and they should be ashamed of themselves." Obviously, that statement got a lot of reaction from Democrats, including Schumer.ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, and Donald Trump, as he has a habit of doing, puts things in the most blunt, tough form you can ever say them. But this has been a long-standing debate inside the Jewish community. And let me just set the table. When George H.W. Bush ran for president in 1992 and lost, he got only 11 percent of the Jewish vote as a Republican, George H.W. Bush. Donald Trump almost tripled it. He got 30 percent of the Jewish vote. The Jewish vote has been increasingly trending Republican. It still is a Democratic bloc, but it's trending Republican.And there's long been a debate inside Jewish circles. The more religious Jews definitely are more conservative. The Jews who never go to synagogue are definitely more liberal. That's true of all religions, Bret. In the FOX News poll of 2020, it showed that among those who go to church every week, Donald Trump won by 24 points. Among those who never go to church, Joe Biden won by 28 points. So, the more religious you are, the more you tend to be conservative and vote Republican. That is the bigger point Donald Trump was making.And when it comes to Israel and Gaza, certainly for people who are Jewish, if Israel is your first concern, you tend to vote Republican. If abortion is your first concern or fear of Christian conservatives is your first concern, you tend to vote Democrat. This is a longstanding issue. Trump puts it indelicately, but Trump is basically right on the bigger issue.BAIER: All right, last thing. We saw the fiery hearing, Guy, on the House about Afghanistan and the withdrawal in 2021. Just in the past few minutes the State Department has responded, putting out a statement responding to this hearing, saying "The State Department remains immensely proud of the work done under incredibly difficult circumstance to ensure the relocation of U.S. citizens, lawful permanent residents, and Afghans throughout the withdrawal and the period that followed." Obviously, they were going to say something like that, but it was a brutal hearing.BENSON: "Immensely proud," very similar to "extraordinary success." We left thousands of Americans and even more U.S. allies behind. That is nothing to be proud of. That is not a success. They can put out whatever statement they want.BAIER: It won't be the end of this issue and it will probably come up a lot on the campaign trail. Panel, thanks so much.Time for "Tuesday X-tras." First up, Coach Larry asks, "Who do you have winning your March Madness bracket?" OK, I've got UConn, Arizona, Houston, and Purdue. And in the finals, I have got Purdue over UConn. That's it. That's the secret sauce.Next up, Mary Lou Clark wonders, "How do you maintain your sense of fairness and objectivity in such divisive times? Well, Mary Lou, thank you for that. Listen first and try to ask tough but fair questions to both sides.Lastly, Gary Glowski says, "I bought the same glasses as you, and I have never looked cooler. Where do you get your ties?" Thanks, Gary. It's just these glasses, I don't know. I do need them to read up close. The ties, most of them are from Brooks Brothers, but there's a whole bunch of different kinds.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, our "Common Ground" segment with Senators Tim Kaine and Ted Cruz on bipartisan legislation to combat illicit drugs such as tranq and fentanyl. We are continuing to do that "Common Ground" bringing Republicans and Democrats together, talk about things that they are working on.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts now.