MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR (on camera): Hello there, guys. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum, not Martha Washington. On assignment today though here in D.C. and this is THE STORY. President Biden telling Latino voters: "I need your help, desperately." He is trailing former President Trump by six among Latinos.These kinds of numbers are unheard of in Republican versus Democrat politics. So, the president is about to speak in Phoenix. It's part of a three-state swing tour to court Latino voters, at least in part. He is also hitting Nevada. He will also go to Texas.And in Texas, of course, the battle is escalating over the state's effort to arrest suspected illegal border crossers. Katie Pavlich and Juan Williams are here, but first to correspondent Nate Foy, live near the border in Eagle Pass, Texas. Hi, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha. The state of Texas is not giving up on the interim status of Senate Bill 4. A special hearing just wrapped up at a federal appeals court where Texas and the United States government made their cases before a three-judge panel. Texas is seeking a stay that would allow it to temporarily enforce the law before the court considers the constitutionality of the entire law coming up in two weeks. Here's Texas's main points.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AARON NIELSON, TEXAS SOLICITOR GENERAL: Texas has a right to defend itself. And under any plausible reading of that right, at least some applications of SB4 are constitutional.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Martha, the Biden administration argues that SB4 interferes with its federal authority over our borders. The Supreme Court set a precedent with several aspects of an Arizona immigration law back in 2012, but Texas argues its law is different because SB4 mirrors rather than contradicts federal law. Congressman Tony Gonzalez says President Joe Biden is purposely stopping Texas from protecting its border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. TONY GONZALES (R-TX): The governor, Governor Abbott is doing everything he possibly can to keep Texans and Americans safe and Joe Biden is doing the exact opposite.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Border Patrol announced the arrest of this Colombian national today in El Paso. Agents found photos on his phone Martha of people being tortured. He also has tattoos that indicate he's a gang member. Also, today over 150 migrants crossed the border illegally in Jacumba, California. Many expect if SB4 goes into effect illegal crossings will skyrocket in New Mexico, Arizona, and California. We are still waiting on a ruling from that three- judge panel regarding what the next two weeks will look like before the entire law is considered coming up on April 3rd. We'll send it back to you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Absolutely. It's a huge story that the whole country is watching really closely. A battle of a state's right to protect itself versus the federal government. Nate, thank you very much. And with that, let's bring in Katie Pavlich, Townhall.com Editor and Fox News Contributor, and Juan Williams, Fox News Senior Political Analyst. Great to have both of you with us. You know, just quickly, your reaction to this ping-pong that we've seen, the Supreme Court saying that the law could stand in Texas, that they had the right to protect their own borders, that got flip-flopped in the courts today, Juan. What do you think about this?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, I'm sort of amazed and dismayed to tell you the truth because I think this was sort of a very political decision by a Supreme Court that I think usually is about uniting us as Americans despite any political differences. But this plays into a tremendous political effort by the state of Texas, I think, to overrule the federal government and the Biden administration. And this, you know, is out of, it's out of line with precedent, century old precedent that says the federal government controls U.S. borders.And in terms of relations with Mexico, Mexico says they're not going to listen to whatever Texas has to say. So, this is disruptive to foreign relations. It's disruptive to national security. And I just find it a little bit unbelievable.MACCALLUM: I mean, It's really interesting to me that when President Biden was asked not that long ago, Katie, you know, well, what about, you know, just sending people back? Oh, well, I don't think Mexico will allow that.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes.MACCALLUM: I mean, which is what I always think about the oath of office to protect, to preserve, protect and defend the United States of America. And if you're not doing that in one section of the country, isn't this, isn't it incumbent upon the state to step in and protect its own people?PAVLICH: Well, it is actually the mission and the obligation of the executive branch to do exactly that to protect the sovereignty of the United States, and I would ask the question about disruption well what's more disruptive than 15 million people coming into the country over the course of three and a half year, most of whom we have no idea who they are, what their backgrounds are, and a lot of them are lost in society or committing crimes against Americans.And so, the state of Texas has taken it upon themselves to say, no, we are going to do what we can to stop this invasion into our state, which by the way, the federal government doesn't bear the brunt of the cost when it comes to illegal immigration. The states do, Arizona, Texas, cities like Chicago do, New York City, whether it's social services, homeless shelters, medical services, they open the door to a lot of us.MACCALLUM: I do want to get just a quick take from both of you on what's going on in Arizona with President Biden's campaign swing here. It is astonishing to look at these numbers, Juan. This is the Arizona polling. It is 49-45 Trump over Biden with Hispanics: 43 Trump, 49 Biden. This is a state that Joe Biden won by 19 points. What has happened to the Hispanic vote for Joe Biden?WILLIAMS: It's absolutely in the drain, you know, and you see it. It's not, you know, it's not total, let's just be clear. You know, still, he has like 60 percent of the Latino vote nationwide but it is not good right now when you see these numbers decline in such a sharp manner, Martha, because it's key to his re-election hopes.You mentioned at the top, he's doing a tour through the Sun Belt. He's looking to Arizona, Nevada, Texas, and the reason largely is about the Latino vote. So, he's got to be clear, especially to non-college educated Latinos, which is where the principal decline is evident, that this is not a referendum on him, on gee, I see prices might be still high at the grocery store. He's got to say, look, this is a choice between me and a guy who says he despises Latinos. Donald Trump, he's got to be safe. It's clear about --MACCALLUM: Wait a minute, who said he despises --WILLIAMS: Donald Trump said that.MACCALLUM: What's the quote on that?WILLIAMS: I don't have the whole quote, but I have it right here.MACCALLUM: Despises Latinos.WILLIAMS: Despises Latinos.MACCALLUM: I've never heard that quote.WILLIAMS: He's also said that the immigrants are poisoning the blood of the country. I mean, he's got to put it in those terms.PAVLICH: He did not say that. You know, Martha, when Hispanics or any Americans go to the grocery store and think about the way that Democrats are trying to court them for their votes, they say, I would rather have cheaper prices, which I know happened four years ago, than try to listen to a Democratic Party that is saying things are good when they are not. Hispanics care about the economy.They also care about the fact that Joe Biden has allowed in 10 million, 15 million people, which floods the market for cheap labor which means there's less labor and less jobs available. In 2019, Hispanic unemployment rate was three percent. Under Biden, it's currently five percent and that's what they're looking at, not claims of racism or false claims of saying that Trump doesn't like Hispanics.MACCALLUM: All right, thank you guys. Lots to talk about in the months to come on all of that. Good to see you both here in D.C. Thank you very much for joining me today. Great to be here.So, still ahead my exclusive interview with Trump Attorney Alina Habba as the former president's legal team races to come up with nearly half a billion dollars by Monday as things get heated on the Hill over alleged Biden family influence peddling lots of hot testimony going on right now. We'll take you there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Right now, a showdown on Capitol Hill over the Biden family's business dealings. Hunter Biden's former associate, Tony Bobulinski, accusing Hunter of "lying under oath" when he said that his father was not involved in his business. Democrats saying there is no evidence to that and that President Biden did nothing wrong. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. STEPHEN LYNCH (D-MA): When you hear someone say the Biden family, that translates into we have no evidence on the president. So, we're going to use the Biden family to try to implicate President Biden.REP. JASON SMITH (R-MO): Was Hunter Biden telling the truth when he testified under oath that his father was never involved in any of his business dealings?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, he was not. Those are all blatant lies.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Former Federal Prosecutor Andy McCarthy is standing by, first to Justice Correspondent David Spunt with the backstory today on Capitol Hill. Hi, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL JUSTICE CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. A tense hearing began at 10:00 this morning. It's still going on. Quickly, it was evident this turned into somewhat of a proxy war between Team Biden and Team Trump. A notable absence though, Hunter Biden, the president's son who was invited and despite saying back in December that he wanted a public hearing, he's a no-show.We have the pictures to show the empty chair, the name tag with Hunter Biden. He did not show today. There are two physical witnesses in the room, two polar opposites. The first is Democrat witness Lev Parnas, the former Rudy Giuliani associate who served 20 months in prison for wire fraud and other related crimes. He says Giuliani had him personally look into Biden corruption in Ukraine, but he found none.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEV PARNAS, FORMER GIULIANI ASSOCIATE: In nearly a year traveling the world and interviewing officials in different countries, I found precisely zero evidence of the Biden's corruption in Ukraine. No credible sources ever provided proof of criminal activity.SPUNT (voice over): And Republicans have Tony Bobulinski, who you say in the room today. The former Hunter business associate says Joe Biden is the brand and the Biden family made its living off influence peddling.TONY BOBULINSKI, FORMER ASSOCIATE OF HUNTER BIDEN: I sit here today under oath for one reason and one reason only. The American people deserve to hear the truth, though the truth involving the deep corruption of the Biden family, including the malfeasance of the sitting president of the United States might be wrong and unpleasant.SPUNT (voice over): Also, in attendance today, Jason Galanis, a former Hunter business associate, who joined virtually, he is serving 14 years behind bars in federal prison for securities fraud.REP. STEPHEN LYNCH (D-MA): He is sitting in prison for scamming workers, pensions. I mean, how low can you get?(END VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT (on camera): But Republicans say he has a legitimate story to tell about Hunter's business deals. Another Hunter business associate, and you can see the theme here that he has several business associates, Devon Archer, also, a former friend is not here. He was invited, but his attorney says they just got the official notice late last week, too short of time, but Devon Archer would come back at a future date. Martha.MACCALLUM: OK. Thank you very much, David.With that, we bring in Andy McCarthy, former assistant U.S. attorney and Fox News contributor.Andy, great to have you with us.ANDREW MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Thanks, Martha.MACCALLUM: There is a lot of headlines out there today that point at this impeachment process falling apart. What do you think?MCCARTHY: Well, the impeachment process never really had a chance of achieving the removal of President Biden. Right? So, it's always been, from the start, I think, a platform for trying to bring some political accountability to this amazing amount of money that went into the coffers of Biden family members and their associates from regimes that or, at least agents of regimes that are anti-American and corrupt.Under circumstances where the only asset that seems to cross the table after the money goes the other way is access to Joe Biden and his political influence. So, you know, to the extent that this is really about political accountability, as opposed to any realistic chance that the president would be impeached and removed, I think it's actually been successful.MACCALLUM: Yes. I -- you know, I think it's a great point, because I think that it has shed light on how business is done in Washington. And, in this case, in a very intense and concerted effort over the course of many years to sell the brand as we have heard in this testimony.This is Jamse Gilliar e-mail to Tony Bobulinski back in 2017, which outlines at the moment, there is a provisional agreement that the equity would be distributed as follows, and it goes through a few different names. And then, it says, 10 held for -- held by H for the big guy.And here is the exchange with Jim Jordan and Tony Bobulinski on what that meant. Let's watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Who is the big guy?BOBULINSKI: Joe Biden.JORDAN: Are you sure about that? Because when --BOBULINSKI: Joe Biden.JORDAN: Sure? Are you sure?BOBULINSKI: I'm a thousand percent sure.JORDAN: Because when Hunter Biden did his deposition under oath, he said, I don't know who it is, even though he was copied on an e-mail that said, H we'll hold 10 percent for the big guy. Are you sure the big guy is Joe Biden?BOBULINSKI: A thousand percent. And there's other text messages that backed that up. That backup the fact that Hunter knew the big guy was Joe Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Andy a quick thought on that before we go.MCCARTHY: More important than the money Martha is the 10 percent -- the context for that is CEFC, which is a Chinese intelligence operation, where one member of it was convicted by the justice department on a foreign corruption case. And the guy that Hunter Biden was dealing with was disappeared by the Chinese regime and never heard from again.MACCALLUM: Yes. Unsavory characters in these business dealings to be sure.Thank you very much, Andy. Good to see you. Andy McCarthy --MCCARTHY: Thanks, Martha.MACCALLUM: -- as we watch that play out on the Hill today. And speaking of House Judiciary, Chairman Jim Jordan, he has launched an investigation into a Haitian man who is charged in the rape of a 15-year-old disabled girl at a migrant shelter in Massachusetts. He is asking the Homeland Security department for case files on 26-year-old Cory Alvarez. He denies raping the girl. He is locked up without bail.The feds tell fox that he entered the country lawfully last year and they are not confirming that he was part of what Congressman Jordan calls an illegal program for Haitians, Cubans, and Nicaraguans, and Venezuelans.The Homeland Security department has defended this program saying that it's reduced migrant encounters at the southern border. We have heard of, you know, some of these individuals being flown in. So, there is a lot of questions around that story. We'll continue to cover it for you.And also, still no timeline for Senate action on TikTok, following a classified briefing on the threat posed to America by the China-owned app.Senator Marsha Blackburn was inside and she knows the inside story on all of this. She joins me next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. THOM TILLIS (R-NC): We just had to do our first police report today. We've let a lot of kids off the hook. But I had a kid just recently say I'm going to hunt you down and shoot you and cut you into little pieces. She sounds like she was about 16 years old or younger.To have TikTok tell these kids to do that, does it actually help their case? It hurts their case.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): The algorithm that powers TikTok, which is what makes it valuable is owned by a company named ByteDance. ByteDance is a Chinese company. It doesn't matter who its shareholders are it doesn't matter who its CEO is, it doesn't matter how many of the board members are not Chinese. Every technology company in China, under Chinese law has to do whatever the Chinese government tells them to do.And that's why ByteDance should not be allowed to own TikTok. And if they do, then, TikTok should not be allowed to operate in the United States.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Senate Intel Committee vice chairman, Marco Rubio, on his way out of the classified briefing on TikTok. The House passed a bill to force the Chinese owner to divest the app and sell it to an American company or stop operating in the United States.The Senate has not scheduled a vote on this bill. No sign on when the Senate plans to take this up. TikTok is forcefully fighting back. They are asking users to call members of Congress. So many of them did that some offices had to shut off their phones. That is a concerted effort, lobbying effort, grassroots, in that case, by the TikTok folks.Senator -- Republican Senator Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee was also at that classified briefing, and she joins us now.Senator, good to have you with us.SEN. MARSHA BLACKBURN (R-TN): You too.MACCALLUM: Thank you for joining us today. When do you think the Senate will take this up? And do you think it will -- it will pass the Senate.?BLACKBURN: Depending on what we heard today, which really confirms what we've been saying about TikTok. Martha, we need to do this this week. And we need to declassify what we heard today. The American people need to know this. And then, we need to vote to force that separation of TikTok. It is spyware. It is being weaponized.I have had 1,400 calls in my office. They have threatened suicide They threatened to kill the president they threatened to kill me. Capitol police and the FBI are investigating these calls. We have one call that the investigation is completed the Capitol Police had to call the parents and the school about this kid that wanted to kill me.These parents need to see if their kids are involved in this, because this is a criminal act.MACCALLUM: Wow. Wow.BLACKBURN: And I would suggest that we take action swiftly to shut this off.MACCALLUM: All right. I want to put up on the screen. This is the chart of ByteDance's spending on lobbying.BLACKBURN: Yes.MACCALLUM: Lobbying members of Congress from 2019 to '23.Look at -- look closely at these numbers, folks at home. In 2019, ByteDance spent $270,000 lobbying on Capitol Hill. Look at the number in 2023. Almost $9 million lobbying members of the House and the Senate.Senator Blackburn, how concerned are you about how many members of the Senate have received too much money from lobbyists for TikTok and might be influenced by that?BLACKBURN: When you look at the information and the threat, the national security threat that we have that TikTok is a spyware and propaganda app. This is why, Martha, this information needs to be made public.Now, a lot of that $9 million has been spent against Senator Blumenthal and I as we have worked on the Kids Online Safety Act, but it's also been spent to try to say TikTok is an American company. It is not. As Senator Rubio said, it is owned by ByteDance, the Chinese Communist Party, they have every bit of access to every piece of data that is generated on your phone, if TikTok is on your phone.MACCALLUM: All right. Well, I'd love to get more specific about where this money is going and who is largely influenced by it on Capitol Hill.BLACKBURN: Yes.MACCALLUM: We need a lot of transparency around this, so that people can understand where everybody stands on this.(CROSSTALK)BLACKBURN: Yes, we do.MACCALLUM: Senator Blackburn, thank you. Good to see you.BLACKBURN: You got it. Thank you.MACCALLUM: So, the clock is ticking for former President Trump to come up with half a billion dollars to cover the bond in an unprecedented fraud judgement. Nothing of this scale has ever been prosecuted before on these kinds of charges. They are directed at that man, the former President Donald Trump.His attorney on this case, Alina Habba, and also, Jonathan Turley, standing by to talk about this next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I built a great company, one of the greatest companies anywhere in the country, especially when it comes to real estate, have some of the greatest assets in the world.And this is a rigged trial. This was a rigged trial by a crooked judge and a crooked attorney general. And we are fighting it out with them. We have a lot of cash and we have a great company. But they want to take it away or at least take the cash element away.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: A significant development the Georgia election interference case against former President Trump. Judge Scott McAfee allowing an appeal of his ruling to keep DA Fani Willis on the case after allegations that she had an improper relationship with the former special prosecutor whom she appointed to the case, Nathan Wade, who is now off the case.McAfee says that the case will proceed as usual. Trump's attorneys say that they feel "optimistic" that the appeal could lead to that case being dismissed. We will keep track, that is the Georgia case, to keep all of these things in their proper silos here.And how about this case in New York, the clock ticking on the $454 million judgment against former President Trump in his civil -- in his New York civil fraud trial. His assets could be seized five days from now by Attorney General Letitia James unless he secures a bond or an appeals court pauses this judgment.The former president posting on True Social, a lot of things, this is one of them. He said, "I would be forced to mortgage or sell great assets, perhaps at fire sale prices, and if and when I win the appeal, they would be gone." Jonathan Turley on why he calls this case against Trump mob justice, but first let's go to Alina Habba, an attorney for former President Trump. Alina, good to have you with us. Thank you for being here today.Tell me a little bit about where you are in this process because in terms of the appeals happening or the appeals court deciding, the Appellate Division deciding that perhaps they're going to make some modifications to this judgment.ALINA HABBA, DONALD TRUMP'S ATTORNEY: Right. Well, our argument in front of the Appellate Division is that forcing him to sell price properties such as Trump Tower, iconic properties like 40 Wall Street, to pursue his appeal is manifest injustice, and it deprives him of that due process that we are all entitled to. So imagine, you can't reverse selling off Trump Tower on a fire sale at a discounted price, we can't fix that if we went on appeal. So it's complete injustice.And only a handful of sureties, as we stated, are approved by the United States Department of Treasury to even underwrite bonds of this size. So of those, even those very limited handful amount, they're limited to policies with even single bonds up to maybe 100 million, none of them except hard assets. They require cash or cash equivalents such as marketable securities. The ask of Judge Engoron is completely ridiculous, he knew that. Or if he didn't know that, he should have educated himself on it.But it is intentionally to interfere in the election, to hurt President Trump, to try and ruin his company and ruin a person and a family whose private company, not public company, has made the skyline of New York change forever and made so many jobs, created jobs and taxes to New York.It's a disgrace, Martha. So we're waiting on those reasons that we stated in our appeal and many more but that's just a summary of what we're waiting on the Appellate Division to do.MACCALLUM: Alina, do you have any sense of whether or not the Appellate Division is sympathetic to this argument and what their timeframe might be to respond to it, because five days is not that much time?HABBA: No, it's not that much time. And we pressed the fact this is urgent. And I will say the Appellate Division has been great in looking at these things in a timely manner. There were days where we've taken things to the Appellate Division and waited to be heard, and they heard us. They definitely, we can tell, have listened to our arguments fairly.You know, don't forget, this case, the judge had a trial where he disregarded the Appellate Division that shortened the statute of limitations here and said this case was limited and that he just disregarded it.So that in itself showed to me just put his nose -- this judge put his nose up to the Appellate Division, disregarded the rule of law, disregarded the higher court. And in that alone, they should take that into account, let alone the other injustices that we saw for those 11 weeks in trial.MACCALLUM: Understood. Alina, I want to play something for you quickly from "The View" and get a quick thought from you on this, and then I'm going swing over to Jonathan Turley. So let's play what -- how excited the hosts of "The View" are about all this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WHOOPI GOLDBERG, HOST, THE VIEW: Is Letitia James going to go like put a chain on Trump Tower?JOY BEHAR, HOST, THE VIEW: Nobody wants to lend him the money, in this country anyway. Who knows what's going to happen with Russia and Saudi Arabia?SUNNY HOSTIN, HOST, THE VIEW: I can't wait to see the chains on Trump Tower actually on Fifth Avenue.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Yes, what's your response to the glee around the table on this, Alina?HABBA: They're poster women for Trump derangement syndrome, and they should seek help. That's my thoughts on that. I mean it's pathetic. Why would you want the country to be in demise? People that think like this, the hatred, I hope they go to church and pray on that whoever they pray to.Because I don't hold hatred like that towards anybody, frankly, and I think that people to say disgusting things like that on national television and not care about the people that work there, not a care about the jobs that they create, is a really sad state of affairs.MACCALLUM: Yes. Is there any effort on the part of your team to secure this money through another country, Saudi Arabia or Russia as Joy Behar seems to think?HABBA: Well, there's rules and regulations that are public. I can't speak about strategy, that requires certain things and we have to follow those rules. Like I said, this is manifest injustice. It is impossible, it's an impossibility. I believe they knew that. I think that's why mid-trial, frankly, they changed their ask from $250 million to the ridiculous amount of money that they have asked for.I think everything is done intentionally. I do not doubt that the witch- hunt that the election interference goal is what was ringing steady and loudly, and true throughout all these trials, frankly. And we're seeing it. It's the demise of our country, not the demise of Trump. So we'll handle it as we always have, and keep our heads up, and keep working hard.MACCALLUM: OK. Keep us posted on the effort. We look forward to speaking with you again. Thank you very much, Alina. Alina Habba for joining us today.HABBA: Thank you.MACCALLUM: As we watch this, Jonathan Turley is here, GWU, she said, law professor, constitutional law attorney and Fox News contributor. Jonathan, what do you make of where this is right now?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, this is getting into a very strange universe. I mean, the fact is that Trump does not have much runway left. He's at that point where he's committed, he can't really stop the plane, but he needs it to take off. Because at the end of that runway, if he doesn't get that bond, he could be viewed as a default, he can be viewed as losing his right to appeal. That would be the worst possible prospect, not just for Trump, but the New York legal system.I think what the court did here was outrageous. I mean, it came out with this figure, none of us can really figure how he could justify that. He could have said a billion or 2 billion, because the -- it would have the same real level of relevance and connection to the evidence. But it would also have the same impact. You just can't go to a person and say, produce half a billion dollars, if you want any other judge to look at what I did.MACCALLUM: Right.TURLEY: And this is really a creature of his type of business. What bothers me about this, is that there are so many ways that the judge could have worked this out to achieve the purpose of the bond rule. The whole point is that you don't want someone to flee with their assets to be able to pay it.MACCALLUM: Right, exactly.TURLEY: You know, Trump Tower is a fixed asset, he's not going to abscond with it overnight. You could take the 100 million in cash, you can get those types of agreements and achieve the purpose. But the purpose here seems punitive, and you saw that on "The View." That's the point of rage.MACCALLUM: Yes, the glee --TURLEY: Yes.MACCALLUM: -- is really disturbing. And I think Alina makes a great point because, you know, the destructive nature of this -- at some point, people have to put aside their personal feelings and look at the way the justice system is functioning and ask if you would want to be -- to turn this way on you. And do you think that -- and is there any cooler head at the Appellate Division who is looking at this this way? You know, these courts.TURLEY: I hope so because you don't have to like Trump not to like what's happening here. And this is one of the premier legal jurisdictions that I think is going to have an existential moment here of whether they can separate themselves from the personalities and the passions of the moment.MACCALLUM: That's what the judicial system is all about. It's supposed to be blind, and it's supposed to look at fairness and excessiveness under the law. And we would, you know, watch very closely to see what happens here.TURLEY: Hope so.MACCALLUM: Jonathan, thank you very much. Jonathan Turley.So, Justice Kavanaugh's accuser, we're going to go into the wayback machine here a bit right now, Christine Blasey Ford, receiving a very warm reception from many in the media as she revives claims of being sexually assaulted by the Supreme Court justice when he was in high school. She is out with a brand new book.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BEHAR: Those letters that you got, what was the was the percentage of men right entail?CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD, PROFESSOR: So there were probably 10% men so we had bins called male-male, that's (inaudible).BEHAR: See, what they need to understand, if they have to step up and help us we can do this ourselves. I noticed that a lot -- I watched when people were clapping, some of the men did not clap in this audience.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BRETT KAVANAUGH, SUPREME COURT JUSTICE: I've never sexually assaulted anyone. Not in high school, not ever. I've always treated women with dignity and respect. Listen to the people who've known me best through my whole life, the women who've known me since high school to 65, who overnight signed a letter from high school saying I always treated them with dignity and respect.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So that was quite a moment. That was my exclusive interview in the middle of the heat of Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation process. He spoke out once and we spoke with him on "The Story" more than five years ago. Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh denied that Christine Blasey Ford's claim that he had ever sexually assaulted her or anyone else when he was in high school.And now she is back on the scene. She is out there in a big way promoting her new book. And here's a little bit of the reception that she got on "The View."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HOSTIN: The book is fantastic. And I know that it will help people and I like will be -- I applaud you on your courage and your bravery.GOLDBERG: To face those people the way they were looking and dealing with you, that is brain for me under a whole different kinds of fights.BEHAR: This all came at a tremendous cost to you. We say that there was a smear campaign against you that you experienced death threats, and they may basically make your life miserable.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So I'm here in Washington today because earlier I interviewed Kavanaugh's former classmate who we heard so much about in those days, but he never came forward to speak. And his name is Mark Judge.Blasey Ford claims that he was there. He was the witness when the sexual assault happened, she says. He says he does not remember any party as described by her or the attack that she described. And here is what he told me about the way he's very suspicious about why they picked him to have been in the room that night. Because he says he has no memory of that, and he claims that people around her essentially, this is his hunch, we're looking for someone who could turn some dirt on Brett Kavanaugh. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARK JUDGE, KAVANAUGH'S FORMER CLASSMATE: Her initial letter describing what happened, I'm referred to as Mark G. Judge. Mark G. judge is a byline I used as a journalist when I was younger. Nobody calls me Mark G. Judge, they call me Mark Judge, unless you have researched my past and you found that.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: And when he refers to his past, he's talking about the fact that he had a long history of alcoholism, that he, you know, had a lot of difficulties in his life. He wrote about them in a book, Jonathan Turley is still here with me, watching some of this. He wrote a book called "Wasted" about his years at Georgetown prep. And all of this made him, he claims, a very ripe suspect for being somebody who was in that room.I'm curious, you know, what you think, Jonathan, when you watch "The View," and there are so many questions raised in this case, but nobody at that table said to her, you're the only person that you pointed to, Leland Kaiser said she won't -- she wouldn't back up your story. Nothing challenging whatsoever around that table.TURLEY: Well, we all lived through this hearing.MACCALLUM: Yes.TURLEY: And what was troubling about the hearing was that you basically had accusations, you had no concrete proof, and that presented for Justice Kavanaugh the obligation to disprove the negative. And, obviously, you can't do that. You could say, look, there's -- no one recollects this happening, including your -- the person who interviewed today.But that's not enough in today's politics, right? And you certainly capture that on "The View" where you have a host saying, I looked at the man and you weren't applauding enough. You know that, in order to ratify that you are sensitive, you're supposed to applaud like seals every time the host expects you to.One can be very sympathetic to both of these parties. And I got to tell you, I might be a chump. But when Justice Kavanaugh, then judge Kavanaugh testified, I felt he was very convincing. When Dr. Ford testified, I thought she was very convincing. I actually didn't leave that hearing saying, I think I know who's lying here.But that's the point that is you have this in equipoise, you had it -- you didn't have any evidence to tip one way or the other. And what people want to say, well just make all presumptions in favor of one side. But of course, we can't do that if you believe in fairness.MACCALLUM: Yes. This is another soundbite from my discussion with Mark Judge earlier today. He has a lot of suspicions about how he was, as I said before, sort of looped into this and he believes that it is not just her contention, that that he happened to be in the room. So watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JUDGE: I got a call from a California number. They were brilliant enough to leave a message. You like effing with people, Mark. I like effing with people too. You better change your story. So they were directly trying to extort me, directly.MACCALLUM: Who is they?JUDGE: I don't know. It was a California number, it was on my phone. I gave the information to my lawyer who gave it to the FBI. That's where it stopped.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So a lot of questions obviously, about who you know about (inaudible) research, about digging into -- he claims that by the time the announcement came around that Kavanaugh was going to be, you know, Supreme Court justice or confirmed for it, they were already -- there was already just like loaded weapons for bear.TURLEY: Well, that's the problem is you have this guy who just became road kill. He didn't do anything. He was just convenient. They picked him. And what was left of him was a residue. And it's wonderful that he can speak now through your interview, because we've only known a caricature from that hearing.MACCALLUM: Well, you'll see a lot more. My talk with Mark Judge, it was very interesting. And it is the full circle of this story because now we're hearing again from Christine Blasey Ford. And there are sympathetic things on both sides of this story. And it certainly left its mark on our society. Jonathan, thank you very much, Jonathan Turley for joining us.So coming up, President Biden's green push to revolutionize the auto industry from gas engines to electric vehicles, taking some hard blows. That comes next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Biden administration announcing a new rule that could lead to half the vehicles on the road being electric in less than a decade. But it's also easing up on its original proposal because there are so many complaints coming from the carmakers and the auto workers, even the rental companies are returning them. Fox Business correspondent Grady Trimble here with me in Washington. Hi, Grady.GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha.MACCALLUM: So the Biden administration says this new rule from the EPA will drastically reduce tailpipe emissions from cars, to help fight climate change, and ultimately save Americans money because there'll be driving electric cars, they won't need to fill up at the gas pumps.The EPA projects 30% to 56% of all new vehicles sold will be electric between 2030 and 2032. The original proposal, you might remember that from last year, called for more than two thirds of new vehicles to be electric by 2032. The White House still wants to reduce emissions by the same amount by that target year eight years from now. But the rule slows the pace for the first several years.It also gives the automakers some flexibility. They can choose how they want to achieve the emissions targets, so they can come up with some combination of all electric, plug in hybrids, gas-powered vehicles, as they try to meet that target. They just have to meet the target.On its face, the final rule looks noticeably less aggressive than the initial proposal that EPA first put out last year. But here's what the oil and gas groups say. This regulation will make new gas-powered vehicles unavailable or prohibitively expensive for most Americans. For them, this wildly unpopular policy is going to feel and function like a ban.And, of course, Martha, Republicans are trying to overturn what they call an EV mandate.MACCALLUM: Yes, demand is not driving this program.TRIMBLE: No.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much. Good to see you, Grady Trimble in DC.So that's THE STORY in Washington on this Wednesday, March 20. And my full interview with Justice Brett Kavanaugh's classmate, Mark Judge, will be available on Fox Nation this Friday. Do not miss it. We're going to see you back here tomorrow at 3:00 and we'll have more of our special on Friday. "YOUR WORLD" starts right now.