JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Right.DAGEN MCDOWELL, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: You ain't winning Powerball, Concha.CONCHA: Yes. Good point.MCDOWELL: Before we go, set your DVR. Tune in "Bottom Line." 6:00 PM, Monday through Friday. Me and Sean Duffy.That does it for us. I love Kat to the moon.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday.Thank you for being here.We have great guests tonight: Allen West, great patriot, David Schoen, one of the greatest legal minds in the country.But I want to do a little history lesson, bring it to present day and apply to current events, because this affects you, each and every one of you.This is the document that Bernie Sanders and Biden and the reprobates put together about how they want to govern America. I call it the New Communist Manifesto.When you go through this document, you will see what I mean. In every aspect of our culture, our politics, our government. Central government controls you, controls our livelihoods, controls our future. It is the Modern Day Communist Manifesto, and this is what Biden and his administration are using, and the Democratic Party.I told you before, spent last weekend on it. This is an autocratic party. It's not a normal American party that supports our principles, our Constitution, and our processes. It's an alien entity. Much of their ideology is imported from Germany. Even these fools don't know it, but it is.Now, I want to get to this issue of property and this affects you. What's going on today in Washington, DC, and what's going on today in New York, the Democratic Party has a pretend justice system, a Potemkin justice system in New York where they have courtrooms, they have judges, they have prosecutors, sometimes they have juries, but is rigged.It is rigged against Donald Trump and anybody who dares to challenge the status quo and the ruling class in the left in New York and he is paying a severe price for it. They want to steal all his property, they want to steal his buildings right from under them. They are chortling about it, their damnable media is chortling about it, has a right to appeal, and they want to do it quickly, because if they steal all his properties, and they sell it to somebody else, pennies on the dollar, even if he wins on appeal, even if he wins under the Eighth Amendment, the Bill of Rights of the Constitution in the Supreme Court, he has lost his property.And they used the law that was never intended to be used this way. They have a judge who is a complete fraud. They have a prosecutor who should have been disbarred based on how she ran for office, a radical Marxist cook -- all Democrats.Now what does this have to do with you? I'll tell you what it has to do with you. While this is going on, Joe Biden and his regime have issued a regulation that will make the use of your car and the combustion engine an impossibility.In other words, they are destroying the automobile industry, they are destroying your vehicles, your choice of vehicles for the future. Now, why are they doing that? I'll get to that in a minute.They are also doing another thing. This past week, they enshrined rules that will make it virtually impossible to build single family homes in the suburbs and the exurbs. This has been a dream of theirs since Obama was president of the United States.So they want to control your vehicles, they want to control your homes, they want to control your neighborhood. They want more apartment buildings, condos, and townhouses. They want to eliminate single family homes.They want to control zoning from the HUD, Housing and Urban Development building in Washington, DC and every corner of the country. They want to lay out maps that will determine where your schools will be, where public transportation will be, where your libraries will be, and they will have to approve all of these plans if you want any federal funding, any federal funding.So it's an industrial policy, that is really a de-industrial policy. I want to read something to you before I go on: Private property. What is private property? You see how it is being destroyed all over the country in our cities, stores have to close, people's cars are being stolen.The Democratic Party believes in confiscatory taxes. So you can't even afford to live a certain way whether you have a home or a business. You constantly hear them using Marxist propaganda about the rich, "Got to get the rich, got to get the rich," as if that's going to help you. All it does is empower the government and the Democratic Party. You don't see a penny of it. It is aimed at you ultimately.And so what is all this war on property? Your houses, your cars, your ceiling fans, your electrical -- your air conditioning systems, your dishwashers, your dryers, what is this obsession? It's everything.Listen to this from James Madison: March 29, 1792: What is property? Property. This term in its particular application means the dominion which one man claims and exercises over the external things of the world, in exclusion of every other individual.Okay, I have my house.In its larger and juster meaning, it embraces everything to which a man may attach a value and have a right and which leaves to everyone else the like advantage.Property is bigger than this. It is this.Property in your person, property and your beliefs, property in your morals. And of course, material property.In the former sense, a man's land or merchandise or money is called his property. In the latter sense, a man has a property in his opinions, and the free communication of them.He has a property of peculiar value in his religious opinions, and in the profession and practice dictated by them. He has a property very dear to him and the safety and liberty of his person. He has an equal property in the free use of his faculties and free choice of the objects in which to employ them.In a word, as a man is said to have a right in his property, he may be equally said to have a property in his rights where in excess of power prevails -- big government -- property of no sort is duly respected. No man is safe in his opinions, his person, his faculties, or his possessions.Where there is an excess of liberty, mobocracy, pure democracy, the effect is the same, though from an opposite cause. Government is instituted to protect property of every sort, as well that which lies in the various rights of the individuals, as that which the term particularly expresses, this being the end of government, that alone is a just government, which impartially secures to every man, whatever is his own -- right in your person, right in your faith, right in your property.According to this standard of merit, the praise of affording a just securing to property should be sparingly bestowed on a government -- limited government -- which however, scrupulously guarding the possessions of individuals does not protect them in the enjoyment and communication of their opinions.In other words, when it really comes to your human being, government really doesn't protect that, you protect that, government becomes the problem in which they have an equal and in the estimation of some, a more valuable property.The Democratic Party, the radical left ideology, the Marxist ideology, government is more important than any individual right. Period.More sparingly, should this praise be allowed to a government where a man's religious rights are violated by penalties or fettered by tests or taxed by a hierarchy.Conscience is the most sacred of all property. Conscience, morality.Other property depending in part on positive law, that is the exercise of that being a natural and unalienable right.Now, the reporter for POLITICO, I think she was on MSNBC, what's all of this natural unalienable rights stuff? We get our rights from Congress and so forth. That is bizarre.To guard a man's house as his castle, to pay public and enforce private debts with the most exact faith can give no title to invade a man's conscience, which is more sacred than his castle, or to withhold from it that debt of protection for which the public faith is pledged by the very nature and original conditions of the social pact.Hey, government, you exist for one reason: To protect the individual and to make sure we, as individuals live in a harmonious way. You don't get to steal our free will. You don't get to steal our soul. You don't get to dictate morality. We get that from a higher authority.And yet that's exactly what's happening in this country under Biden and the Democrats. That is not a just government, nor is property secure under it, with a property which a man has and his personal safety and personal liberty is violated by arbitrary seizures of one class of citizens for the service of the rest.A magistrate issuing his warrants to a press gang would be in his proper functions in Turkey or Indostan under Appalachians' proverbial the most complete despotism. That is not a just government, nor is property secure under it, where arbitrary restrictions, exemptions, and monopolies denied to part of its citizens that free use of their faculties and free choice of their occupations, which not only constitute their property in the general sense until the word, but the means of acquiring property strictly so- called.The means of acquiring a home, a car, land.What must be the spirit of legislation where a manufacturer of linen cloth is forbidden to bury his own child in a linen shroud? Or in order to favor his neighbor who manufactures woolen cloth where the manufacturer in the wear of woolen cloth are again forbidden the economical use of buttons of that material in favor of the manufacturer buttons of other material? In other words, the government shouldn't step in and ban or require and redistribute these rights, which is exactly what's happening.A just security to property is not afforded by that government under which unequal taxes oppress one species of property and reward another species, where arbitrary taxes invade the domestic sanctuaries of the rich and excessive taxes grind the faces of the poor, with a keenness and competition of want are deemed an insufficient spur to labor, and taxes are again applied by an unfeeling policy, government, as another spur in violation of that sacred property, which heaven in decreeing man to earn his bread by the sweat of his brow, kindly reserve to him in small repose, that could be spared from the supply of his necessities.It goes on slightly, but I want to get into this as it applies to us.Where in the hell does the government have the power under our Constitution to decide what kind of a vehicle you can or cannot drive? Where in the held does the Constitution give Joe Biden the power to decide what kind of air conditioning unit you can have in your home? Where in the hell does the Constitution give the government the power to decide what kind of dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, toaster, light bulb you can have in your home?Well, it's climate change. I didn't ask that question. I didn't ask about the propaganda. I didn't ask about the ideology. Where is the government authorized to do that in the Constitution? Nowhere.Now, why are they focused on the automobile? What's their obsession? The automobile is mobility. It is your ability to get in a car and drive wherever you want, whenever you want.Well, electric vehicles don't work that way, do they? We have gas stations everywhere. They're in the infrastructure. The government didn't create them, the private sector created them and they have one little business after another, an owner of a gas station. Their system works beautifully. The government is destroying it.They insist they use electric vehicles. Why? Because of the air? Not because of the air. They're going to control the charging stations, where they'll be, whether they exist. They are going to control your use, because obviously, the grid cannot handle all of this power consumption. It's an impossibility.And so they are going to control your movement, limited distances, and things of that sort. That's what's going on here. How do I know that? Because the infrastructure is not in place and they don't care.It's not about clean air. It's about liberty, the property you have in yourself -- mobility. The car was one of the greatest inventions of any free country, because you can get in your car and go. They don't want you to get in your car and go.Home ownership, they're destroying it now. They want to in the suburbs. Single family home, a home with a white gate, everybody has that dream, wherever you are, wherever you live, this is something you want. You're trying to eliminate it.They want us to live in more and more dense areas where there is public transportation. We don't have freedom of mobility. They want to limit your ability to own land. Why? Your ability to acquire things outside of the government, that's why.And so public transportation, apartment buildings. You know what this sounds like? You ever see these pictures of the old Soviet Union under Lenin and Stalin? One massive apartment building after another, or if you've driven through New York, particularly in impoverished areas, where they have public housing, one building after another after another, that's what they're talking about.That's what they are talking about.And why is that? It is much more easy to manage people who rely on you for permission. We're all located in one place. It is much easier to get a mob of people located in one place, to do what you insist that they do, and this is all coming from the federal government: The war on gasoline, the war on fossil fuels, the war on single family homes, the war on local control over zoning.Where does the Constitution empower the Democrats to do this? No way. What do you think the founders of the country would think about this?Something tells me they would reject it.And you'll notice the language is always equity. Equity is the term that's been used by Marxists since the beginning of Marxism -- equity. They know that equality is an impossibility. We're all individual human beings.Property is the manifestation of your labor, your intellectual labor, and your physical labor. There are two things you do most of your life until you die -- sleep and work.They can't control the sleep, but they want to steal what you've created when you work. That is a form of indentured servitude to the state. Confiscatory taxes, telling you what you can and cannot buy, telling you whether you can own a home.The reason you get so excited when you own a home -- finally, I can own a home or you have an automobile, it is one of the most expensive items you have. It's not just because they're beautiful, because you feel free. I've accomplished something. This is mine and nobody can take it from me.Well, they're taking it from you right now. Equity. Equity is the word that they use. Equity is the word that Marx would use. It's a degrowth movement. They are de-industrializing our industries through industrial policies. They're taking out oil pipelines. They're taking out commercial fisheries. They're taking out functioning automobiles in a complex automobile system.They're destroying energy independence -- degrowth movement -- and I can go on and on and on. That's what's happening.So circling back to Donald Trump, the Marxist and fascistic mentality, I understand their differences, but in the end, it's the same, you lose your property and you lose your liberty -- is what's going on against Donald Trump and it is horrendous.If they can do it to him, they can do it to anybody, and they are doing it to anybody. They're doing it to you. You're not going to be able to own the automobile you want and travel as far as you want and be inconvenienced if you do.It'll be easy to track. You're not going to be able to live in the home you want or the place you want because the government is going to make those decisions.The government is regulating and controlling everything through the backdoor, through unelected bureaucrats, through decisions made by potentates like Biden and their ilk.Biden says we're behind one million homes. Okay, let's build homes. No, no, no. He wants a massive building program just like Stalin had to do what? To build massive skyscrapers to house people, and so they can control people and you will lose your freedom. That's the bottom line.I'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I want to bring my dear friend, great patriot, Allen West on the program. Here he is.Allen, how many people in Washington, DC do you think have ever worked on an assembly line? Have ever planted seeds to grow corn? Have ever driven an 18-wheeler? Have you ever laid one brick to build a building -- all of these lawyers, all of these career politicians, all of these frauds and phonies are pushing this country into an ideological hellhole from automobiles, to homes, to the border. Where did they get all this power from? Is it in the Constitution?ALLEN WEST, FORMER US REPRESENTATIVE: No, it's not in the Constitution. It's great to be with you, Mark, and it reminds me of a quote from George Mason, during the Virginia ratifying convention for our Constitution, when he said: "Nothing so greatly compels or impels a man to guard the interest of his constituents than the certainty of returning to the general mass of the people from whence he was taken, where he shall participate and share their burdens."Our founding fathers never meant for us to have career politicians, they never meant for us to have this political elitism and this political oligarchy, but that's exactly what has happened in Washington, DC. They are completely detached from everyday working Americans. They don't understand what it means to go out and pump gas or go to the grocery stores and things of this nature.So no, they are not sharing or participating in the burdens that they are placing on American people, and I think that that is going back to what you remember or recall from the old Soviet Union when you had the Politburo, when you had those people that were above that cut line, and then everyone else that was below, and it was basically them creating the laws and the things that you had to adhere to, but they didn't have to adhere to.LEVIN: Isn't it also amazing to underscore your point. We had this pandemic and we were told that the patriotic thing to do is to shut your businesses and huddle in the corner of your home. No social interaction. And then you know, the other 15 things that the government was demanding we do for health, of course.WEST: Yes.LEVIN: So they destroy the economy for a period of time, particularly in blue states.Now, if you shut the government for one day, one day, or if some bureaucrat goes without a paycheck for one day, they talk about all hell's going to break loose. Chicken Little "The sky is going to fall." Doesn't this demonstrate the ruling class in Washington, particularly the Democratic Party, but not alone in the media, it is like a cocoon of unreality, where they impose their will on all the plebes out there in the country. And so they don't give a damn, you lose your home, you don't have a car, whatever it is, but we want power, we want money and nothing is going to stop it.WEST: No, you're absolutely right, and we've gotten upside down in the United States of America. When you read and understand the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. The Constitution is a restraining document. It is a restricting document on the powers of the federal government, and that's why you have the 10th Amendment that says those things, those powers not specifically delegated to the federal government are reserved to the states and to the people.And so can you show me anywhere in the Constitution anywhere that the government has the right to be able to tell a private citizen that is healthy, that they cannot come outside their home? Or the government can tell a business that they have to shut it down?And so Benjamin Franklin warned us of this when he said those who would surrender essential liberty for temporary security, in the end will deserve neither liberty nor security and that's exactly what the government is doing.They have gotten beyond the consent of the governed. They don't understand that they're supposed to adhere to us, but you're right, the government is supplied by the resources of the individuals, but yet they can shut them down. But then if the government, based upon their fiscal irresponsibility is forced to shut down, they go into an apoplectic rage.We're upside down in America when it comes to that relationship between the individual and the institution of government.LEVIN: Allen West, I've been making the argument for a long time now here and elsewhere that we're not a Federal Republic anymore. We're not a Representative Republic, since most of the laws imposed on us are not voted on by our representatives, and they certainly don't ask us for our opinion.We're not really a Constitutional Republic, I believe in many respects, we live in a post constitutional America, this has been my argument for a while. So what are we exactly?WEST: We have devolved into what Benjamin Franklin didn't want us to have. I mean, we almost have a monarchy, we almost have these people that are ruling by executive orders and for dictates and edicts and mandates and things of this nature.So we have a ruling class. We do not have the ability of the people once again, the consent of the government, the governed to be able to speak out. We don't have a representative democracy. We have, without a doubt, lost our constitutional rights. And they're being replaced by ideological rights.So I would say, we have an ideological agenda that is undermining all of our constitutional rights and freedoms and liberties, and you've been spot on about this for quite some time.LEVIN: The great Alexis de Tocqueville said America could face one day a soft tyranny. I would argue that America is facing a soft tyranny if you can't decide what kind of lightbulb you're going to put in your house.WEST: Yes.LEVIN: And the government has unlimited power.When we come back, I want to pursue that with you, our Constitution, does it have any meaning today? Or are we just pretending that it does? This is a very, very important issue.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Jon Scott in New York.Former President Trump is running out of time to secure a nearly half billion dollar bond in his New York civil fraud trial case. He has until tomorrow to come up with the money. If he doesn't, New York's attorney general is vowing she will start seizing his assets to pay the bill. That could include some of Trump's prized properties.Last week, Trump's legal team told the court it's been impossible to get the money and asked the court to waive the bond or reduce it.Separately, a hearing is scheduled tomorrow in Trump's criminal hush money case. The judge is expected to address the thousands of newly turned over documents from the Department of Justice, as well as Trump's Motion to Dismiss the case.If the judge decides not to dismiss, he might also set a new trial date.I'm Jon Scott. Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Allen West, for the early progressives who were really the early American Marxist, the progeny of Marx, the intellectuals like Woodrow Wilson, among others, the Constitution has always been a barrier to their dream of centralized power, rejiggering society, re-engineering human nature and so forth.So the Democratic Party has embraced really a hostile alien ideology coming out of Germany and other places, and it has worked its way into our system. It is Gramsci, who was an Italian communist who said, democracies will not have these violent revolutions, they will slowly but surely the communists, the Marxist, the socialists, secrete themselves into the culture, into the government, and take it over that way.Isn't that really when you look at Bernie Sanders and the new Communist Manifesto that he and Biden put out -- isn't that what we're experiencing right now?WEST: No. You're absolutely right, and when you understand socialism, socialism is an economic model and there are five basic points of socialism. It is wealth redistribution, you hear that all the time, coming from Joe Biden, from the Democrats, and from the left; paying your fair share. It is nationalizing economic production where they're bringing more and more under the government's control and we see that happening -- health care, oil and gas industry -- whatever you want to call it.It is creating and expanding a welfare nanny state, a dependency society, and you're trying to get more people wedded to government. It is social egalitarianism, they call it equity, which means the equality of outcomes in the secular humanism, because they don't believe in our foundational Judeo-Christian faith heritage.All of those things are the antithesis to who we are as the United States of America, a Constitutional Republic, and they see the Constitution, as we said earlier, as a restricted document that is an impediment to what they want to do, their power of control.And so the socialist model, that economic model lives towards a societal model, which is the communist model, which is all about collectivism, it is about the subjugation of the individual, their will, their freedom, their determination and that's where we're moving towards here in the United States of America, and I think this -- when they talk about a threat to democracy, the Democrats, these progressives, they're the greatest threat to the American ideal of individual rights, freedoms, and liberties and you wrote about it early on when you talked about "Liberty and Tyranny" because they believe that they have the right to decide what happens with you and the product of your labor, which is tyranny, and that's exactly what Lincoln articulated back on April, the 18th of 1864, and exactly what you've been talking about in that first book that you wrote, and many others.LEVIN: So Allen West, here we have Joe Biden, who has been hanging around Washington like a bad inner thigh rash for half a century. He's one of the dumbest men to ever be in the Senate, one of the dumbest men ever to be vice president. Now, he is one of the dumbest men to every be president, and he is desperately looking for a legacy.He is very thin skinned, and so he is thrown in with Bernie Sanders and the Marxist radical leftists. He is thrown in with the squad in the House of Representatives. His policies are as radical or more radical than one could even have imagined.So Joe Biden, is he doing this because suddenly, he's a Marxist or because he is a chameleon and power hungry street politician?WEST: It is the latter, without a doubt, and when you look at the Democratic Party, they are owned by the progressive socialist left. And you know, I live down here in Texas and what we see happening in Texas, I'm sure people just saw the recent video of these illegal immigrants, single military age males storming our border and overrunning National Guardsmen.This is something that they set out to do and I don't understand how we can allow a president to willfully and purposefully and intentionally abdicate the sovereignty of the United States of America, when that is something that is articulated as an enumerated duty to the federal government in Article IV, Section 4 of the Constitution.We are seeing the drug invasion of America to trafficking, human and sex trafficking, the terrorist trafficking that is coming in that is affecting every aspect of our lives.We are seeing young people lose their lives like Laken Riley and of course, all of the people losing their lives to fentanyl poisoning, and this is something that was done unconstitutionally through 90-plus executive orders and actions and Joe Biden knows that.He is lying to the American people when he says that you have to pass a border control legislation so that I can secure the border.No, Mr. President, just reverse the things that you did, which were ideologically wrong and constitutionally wrong.LEVIN: Allen West, well put, and I would just add one thing. Under Joe Biden, we've seen the greatest amount of slavery in this country since the end of the Civil War. Whether he likes it phrased that way or not, or his party -- sex slavery, child slavery, labor slavery in numbers we've never seen as modern Americans under the Democrats and under Biden.Biden is the biggest slaver in American history.Allen West, I want to thank you for your great patriotism and service to the country today and in the past.God bless you, my friend.WEST: God keep you, and remember that Joe Biden said no amendment to the Constitution is absolute. So obviously, he is reversing the 13th Amendment, which ended slavery.LEVIN: Well said.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Here, really, one of my favorite people, David Schoen, Civil Rights and criminal defense attorney, former President Trump attorney.David Schoen, I want to get into this New York issue because it's hot and it's important as fast as we can right now.You've got a radical left wing attorney general, in my view, who violated the rules of professional conduct in New York based on the way she campaigned. Prosecutors are only supposed to campaign or would be prosecutors a certain way, not the way she did.You have a judge here, really a clown show. I've never seen a judge like this before. He is ruling on the papers. Donald Trump didn't even have an opportunity to argue his case. So the only thing there was, was the penalty.They used a law that's never been used like this before. It's a preposterous law. They have to dig and dig and dig to find it. But here's my problem. After all of that, in order to appeal, Donald Trump has to come up with half a billion dollars. Well, people don't have half a billion dollars sitting around.I don't care if you're Bezos or your Musk or whatever, you have your money invested in things. That's how you become a billionaire. And what the attorney general there is trying to do and what this judge is trying to do is divest Donald Trump of his most important properties and wealth, so even if he winds up winning on appeal, whether in New York or the Supreme Court under the Eighth Amendment and so forth, he can't get those properties back. What do you make of that?DAVID SCHOEN, CIVIL RIGHTS AND CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: It's absolutely outrageous. I think the American people, any reasonable person believes he ought to have the right to appeal this.There are tremendous issues in this case, taking it back a step. Remember this law, it's 6312, New York Executive Law. You don't even have the right to a jury trial. There's a case from 2012 that says so, People versus First American Corporation, and it says the reason you don't have the right to a jury trial is because this is supposed to be of equitable nature or regulatory nature, damages are incidental to it.Well, a half a billion dollars is an incidental, and he should have had the right to a jury trial. Remember, also and the judge addresses this, in his opinion, even he acknowledges it. The definition of fraud here is different from anything we've ever seen anyplace else.There is no victim, there's no loss, there's no reliance on some representation to cause a loss. They admit all of that. And so it's outrageous that there would be damages assessed in any event.LEVIN: You know, in my opening statement, I talked about property rights, which James Madison said and it is not just about material.Donald Trump spent his entire life building the skyline in New York, contributing to that community, creating tens of thousands of jobs, taxpayers, people with pensions and medical benefits.He brought wealth and prosperity to parts of the city that were destitute, that were just lying there. Politicians would come to him, to get things fixed and done, whether it's an ice skating rink or some other blight that they had. He contributed mightily, mightily to New York, the environment of New York, the productivity, the rebirth of New York.And now, they want to steal everything that he has.Let me ask a question. What exactly has Letitia James contributed to New York? How many jobs has she created in New York? How many taxpayers that she created in New York?My bigger problem here, David Schoen is, where are all the lawyers in New York? Where's the bar in New York? They don't even need a complaint. They can act right away without this.Where are the judicial oversight committees in New York? Where are all the protections and the balances that are supposed to be in the justice system, the legal system in New York? Are they just blown out because it's Donald Trump?SCHOEN: Yes, I think so.I mean, I think the Criminal Defense Bar has been turned on its head by this. You have criminal defense lawyers cheering against Donald Trump, even though the rule of law and due process is being violated in one after another case here.Listen, you pointed it out earlier, and it's outrageous. Letitia James, attorney general ran on a platform of getting Donald Trump, promised the people she would get Donald Trump.He is a private citizen. He wasn't even under investigation at the time.We don't permit that kind of thing. In fact, I put in a call to a fellow who wrote the leading treatise on prosecutorial misconduct and I asked him why he hasn't covered that kind of thing, running on a political elective office campaign, on promising to go after as a prosecutor or a judge, go after a particular citizen, and he said, it's absolutely right. He's going to cover it in the next one and this never should have happened.We see the same thing with Alvin Bragg in the District Attorney's Office in New York, and it plays to people's worst instincts, but lawyers should be standing up and speaking out against this, no matter who the client is.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.David Schoen, given the Biden administration's war on the state of Israel, diplomatic war, economic war, military in the sense that they're now slow walking munitions to Israel; given the fact that he has tried to organize the Arab States and the European States against Israel demanding a two- state final solution for Israel, given the fact that he doesn't want Israel to finally destroy Hamas, and is funding Iran and their surrogates and allowing them to build a nuclear weapon.I have a question for you.You've got Democrats in the Senate and the House putting pressure on Israel. You've got "The New York Times" favorite writer, Friedman doing the same thing, pretending that it's all about Bibi rather than Hamas.You're Jewish, I'm Jewish. Why should Jewish people who believe in the State of Israel, or who are appalled by the antisemitism that is spreading in this country with very little being done by the Biden administration, why would you vote for a Democrat?SCHOEN: They should be outraged. All voters, all Americans should be outraged by what Chuck Schumer did the other day in the Senate. It was unprecedented.And today, even every day, he is defending that speech as if he was supporting the state of Israel. It's outrageous.You see, Prime Minister Netanyahu's opponents even chastising Schumer for what he did. Americans don't agree with what he did. He is out of touch with the public opinion in Israel.The day before he gave that speech. There was an op-ed in "The Wall Street Journal" by a fellow named Amit Segal, a journalist in Israel, who said Biden is living in a fantasy world.The Israeli public doesn't believe in this two-state solution, and Biden's two-state solution by the way is Michigan and Nevada or Michigan and Minnesota as Alan Dershowitz says. This is simply pandering to the hate squad. It's looking for votes because he sees what's happening on college campus.Instead of shutting down the violence and the hatred against Jews in this country, he is empowering it. And when Chuck Schumer made that speech, he empowers Hamas, talking -- even talking about the two-state solution now, which Israelis are against almost uniformly is nothing other than rewarding Hamas.You want to make Hamas terrorist heroes? That's the kind of speech you give. These were atrocities unseen ever before on October 7th -- mutilation, torture, rape, sexual abuse, literally cutting people's body parts off while they're alive, kidnapping babies and holding them hostage. You don't negotiate with terrorists, let alone today we should release 10 of the hostages, but you have to stop and hold back, don't go into Rafah.Israel has to finish the job and Chuck Schumer undermined that effort the other day, and he has no business interfering in another country, our only democratic ally in the Middle East, and one of the greatest democracies in the world has no business interfering with their electoral process.LEVIN: Now Chuck Schumer literally gave aid and comfort to Iran, to the Houthis, to Hezbollah, to the PLO, and to Hamas. They are quoting him. They are citing him, because he is undermining the commander-in-chief, the elected prime minister of the state of Israel, who he has never liked, who Biden has never liked, and they are so worried about their own politics.I have a little theory here, David Schoen that not only is Chuck Schumer a reprobate, who will say and do anything for power, but that he is worried about this other senator by the name of Van Hollen, out of Maryland who is a leftist, and a full blown anti-Israel mouthpiece for Hamas and the other Islamists as far as I'm concerned.And here's the theory, that if the Democrats lose the Senate, which they're very likely to do, Schumer will have a challenge from the left, and when we say left, we mean far radical left, because Schumer is of the left, and that will be Van Hollen, and that he is worried about Van Hollen, and so he has to play footsies with the Islamists, he has to play footsie with the river to the sea crowd.And this is a man who puts his own career, his own politics, his own power ahead of country, in my view, whether it is the United States or Israel, ahead of everything.What do you think of that?SCHOEN: Well, it's a horrible -- if that's the case, it's even worse than I think the general public knows or appears, but it's certainly possible and maybe even likely. So many of these people are so wrapped up in their own ego.But let me say this, you raised it now, I think. Chuck Schumer didn't just act against Israel's interests, he acted against the United States' interests.We have to speak strongly and with one voice, both in favor of Israel, but against terrorists. This isn't just Hamas. It's not just Palestine Islamic Jihad. This is the Houthis who Biden took off of the Foreign Terrorist Organization list almost as soon as he came into office, now had to put them back on because they're attacking our shipping interests.It is against all American interests, all interest in the free world, frankly, and it's very dangerous what he did.And you see, he is empowering other countries to do the same. Now we see Spain, Ireland, Malta, talking about recognizing a Palestinian state. This isn't the time for that.LEVIN: Well, when has Chuck Schumer go to the floor of the Senate and condemned his president for funding Iran? That is, Joe Biden has blood on his hands, and as a wonderful author wrote in "The Tablet" Magazine, Iran was behind October 7th; America, that is Joe Biden paid for it.I want to thank you David Schoen very, very much for all your patriotism and all you do.God bless you, my friend.SCHOEN: Thank you. God bless you.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Many years ago, I was on an Acela train and guess who I bumped into? Joe Biden. He must have lived on that thing, like a homeless guy.And I'm walking back, I have to pass him and he looks at me. And he says, you're a smart ass. Well, at least he called me smart.So this smart ass has a question for you, Joe Biden. Why are you giving aid and comfort to Hamas? Why are you sending billions directly and indirectly to Iran? Why have you become the biggest slaver in American history because you won't secure the border?Why are you choking off economic prosperity for average Americans and trying to destroy our energy independence? What is with you?What the hell is your problem?What kind of wrecking ball are you? What exactly is your doctrine when it comes to foreign policy? What exactly are you trying to achieve on the southern border?What exactly are you trying to do to the middle class in this country?Man up and explain yourself in plain English without garbling your words.I'll see you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.