MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS HOST: Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday.We have two great guests tonight. We have Pete Hegseth and Brent Bozell.And before we get to our friends, I want to pick up where I left off last night and really dig deeply with you. I hope you're sitting down.This is a tale of two democracies -- the United States and Israel and one man who is seeking to destroy both of them.Oh, I know, he has the Praetorian Guard media that protect him and attack anybody who challenges him, but Joe Biden is a very diabolical, evil politician who is trying to imprison Donald Trump and clear the political playing field for his re-election, and he is trying to take out Benjamin Netanyahu, remove that government and install a government that he and the Democratic Party wants in the state of Israel.Joe Biden is at war with two democracies, our country and Israel and I'm going to prove it.Now, first, let's go through a little bit of history. Joe Biden is behind these investigations against Donald Trump. He is behind all of them and he sends signals and his staff sends signals and his staff has meetings and they have conversations.Unfortunately, the fulsome nature of this sort of tyranny that is taking place won't be known for years and years and years, maybe when we're all gone when true historians and true journalists take a look.Let's take a look right now.State of the Union: President Joe Biden reportedly pressured Attorney General Merrick Garland in 2022 to prosecute former President Donald Trump. A "New York Times" report from April 2022 highlighted by this frustration with Garland's approach and his belief that Trump posed a threat to democracy and should be prosecuted and this is their theme all the time.And he says it, his campaign says it. His political hacks in the media say it because they want to influence the Democrat judges, the Democrat prosecutors in any future jury pool.So it is a constant public campaign.The attorney general's deliberative approach has come to frustrate Democratic allies of the White House and at times, President Biden himself for "The New York Times" so of course, at the Department of Justice, they all read "The New York Times" rather than the Bible, and there it is.As recently as late last year, Mr. Biden confided to his inner circle, this was in "The Times" that he believed former President Donald Trump was a threat to democracy and should be prosecuted, according to two people familiar with his comments.And while the president has never communicated his frustrations directly to Mr. Garland, he doesn't ask them. "The New York Times" will do it for him. He has said privately that he wanted Mr. Garland to act less like a ponderous judge and more like a prosecutor who is willing to take decisive action over the events of January 6th, and from that point on, when that article was published, all kinds of things took place and were triggered.Is Trump and insurrectionist, sir, a reporter questioned Biden. I think it's self-evident, Biden said, whether the 14th Amendment applies. We'll let the court make that decision, he says. But he certainly supported an insurrection, Biden said. No question about it. None. Zero.So there you go. Talking points out to federal law enforcement, federal investigators, and of course, the American media.What about this one? Manhattan DA hires former DOJ official who previously investigated Trump Foundation. Wow.ABC News: Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg announced that is office has hired former Justice Department official, Matthew Colangelo as senior counsel.Colangelo served in the Department of Justice. He was the associate attorney general of the United States, acting, appointed in that slot by Biden and before that, serving at the Department of Justice in the New York Attorney General's office where he was part of the team that investigated the Trump Foundation, former President Trump's former charity.Colangelo also led the NY AG's opposition to Trump administration's efforts to add citizenship question to the US Census.So here, the Biden administration sends their hitman to help Letitia James in that outrageous case. He moves from there to the Alvin Bragg case and so he is the lead prosecutor there as the hitman.And by the way, this judge in the case in the Alvin Bragg case is a disgrace. He is a rogue out-of-control Democrat hack with a black robe. He is making statements that are outrageous. He has an unconstitutional gag order to protect his daughter and other people not from violence but being exposed.Donald Trump has a First Amendment constitutional right to speak as a citizen. And even more so as he's running for president as a former president, and everybody else is speaking against him, everybody else is making allegations, but this judge whose daughter has raised over $90 million on the case that he is overseeing, moneys that have been raised for Adam Schiff and Chuck Schumer's political action committee. He doesn't see any conflict of interest. He has donated to Democrats in the past.These judges in New York, what a disgrace. You've got to be nuts to stay in New York, if you can get the hell out of there and so this judge now makes a comment about he is handling a federal insurrection case. This judge is not only a political hack, he's dumb as a doorknob, but it doesn't matter. It's going to be a Democrat jury in Manhattan that hates Donald Trump.They already got the word from Biden. They got the word from the media, and they know what their job is. It's not to do justice. It's to convict, and that's the whole goal here.And of course, with the immunity issue before the US Supreme Court, Trump's lawyers said to this local state, I guess, judge, Judge, let this immunity decision be decided because all this may not matter. No, no, we're going for it anyway. Why? We have a calendar. What's on the calendar? The election.We have two memos, actually four memos from four previous attorneys general, including the current one that warn prosecutors not to interfere with an election. And by the way, the case that's being brought in Manhattan, is almost identical to the case that was brought by Jack Smith, you may have heard of him. He's back.He is the federal prosecutor that the Biden regime appointed to try and destroy Donald Trump, and that was the case against John Edwards, where they tried to turn a perfectly legitimate donation to his campaign, in which case that donation was used to keep his lover out of sight, and they tried to turn that, Smith, rewrite the statute that that was an illegal campaign contribution, that should have been reported a different way and the jury found in six charges, not guilty, or a hung jury with one juror, and the Department of Justice decided not to take that case.Well guess what? The former Biden employee at the Department of Justice who worked for Letitia James and now, Alvin Bragg, he has dusted it off. He is using the same case because they figure it's a different jury and they've got this thing licked, 32 or 34 counts, they brought. They figure, all they need is one.Let's talk about the Georgia case."Newsweek:" There are calls for the White House to reveal details of two 2022 meetings that reportedly took place between its employees and Nathan Wade. Remember him?He is or was a special prosecutor working on the Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis Georgia election interference case, which was brought against Trump and 18 other defendants. The filings from Michael Roman, one of the defendants, his case include a bill sent from Wade, the Fulton County DA's Office requesting two payments of $2,000.00 for separate occasions, under the project title: Anti-Corruption Special Prosecutor.The first on May 23,2022 is label travel to Athens. Conference with White House counsel, for which Wade charged $2,000.00 for eight hours of work. The bill read that Wade also had an interview with DC "White House" on November 18, 2022, for which he also billed $8,000.00 at a rate at $250.00 an hour. That's a long damn meeting, two long meetings -- Biden, lawyers.Let's go on. Let's go on to Jack Smith.This guy is unconstitutionally appointed. He was not part of the federal government at the time, so Merrick Garland violates the Appointments Clause of the Constitution, because you have to go through a Senate confirmation process. It is different if you're a US attorney, you've already gone through that process. And of course, you can delegate that authority to somebody who has been confirmed by the Senate.Jack Smith never has. He is a rogue prosecutor. That's all he is and they picked him because he is an out-of-control rogue prosecutor who leaks and leaks and leaks to his friendly media.Here we have cases involving January 6th. The Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871. Gee, I don't even think Donald Trump was around back then. Boy, that's not insurrection.Then we have the Enron obstruction case. Enron obstruction. There was a statute passed because Enron had destroyed a whole bunch of documents knowing that they'd eventually be subpoenaed by Congress and federal prosecutors and so they passed a law to prevent it.So that's the law they are using against Donald Trump and about 500 of the January 6 protesters.US District Judge Carl Nichols, he saw this. He said this is a stretch. It is a stretch of the law beyond its scope to inappropriately apply in these cases. He ruled that a defendant must have taken -- he is quoting from the law, "some action with respect to a document, record or other object" that's a quote right out of the statute, to obstruct an official proceeding under the law.So we have a three-judge panel in Washington, DC that decides that this applies to Donald Trump and these protesters. Now who is on this panel? Two Biden appointees, two out of three, that's not too bad.One of them Judge Pan, one of the most outrageous political hacks to ever wear a black robe as a matter of fact, and that is saying something given the state of the judiciary today. What else happened?Well, this prosecutor went to another Obama judge in the district, and insisted that the lead lawyer handling Donald Trump's document case, be forced to testify in front of his grand jury. Wait a minute. That's attorney-client privilege. No. They said there's a crime fraud exception, and they had a secret hearing. And they decided that Donald Trump's lawyer had to testify for the prosecution in front of a grand jury and provide all his notes.What do you think of that, folks? We have the fact that he brought an indictment in the documents case in Washington, DC, but the case was in Florida. He goes, oh, okay, I got the indictment. Now, I'm moving to Florida and I'll get a rubber stamp indictment from a new grand jury that never heard a single witness or testimony, nothing of the sort.He is trying to cut corners. He demanded that the Supreme Court order a trial take place in front of another Obama judge in Washington, DC and the Supreme Court said, on the immunity issue, excuse me, it is a complex constitutional issue. You may want to get this done before the election. They didn't put it, I am reading between the lines, but we don't have to do that.And then we had the espionage case, which is a joke. Espionage? This is a law passed in 1917. It has never been applied against a former president, it wasn't applied against Hillary Clinton. They made excuses for her. It wasn't applied against the certified imbecile, Joe Biden who violated it over and over and over again. Here's the evidence, right here. Look at this.He violated when he was a senator, he stole documents. When he was a private citizen, he stole documents. When he was a vice president, he stole documents, and he conveyed the classified information to a ghostwriter, because he was getting paid $8 million by a publisher, which I say means he sold classified information for $8 million.This is all going on today, as they try and put Donald Trump in prison, and they don't care who does it. Multiple charges, multiple outrageous charges, multiple phony judges, Democrat prosecutors, they said there are two countries involved.While Joe Biden is trying to put Donald Trump in prison and his Praetorian Guard media are celebrating, he is also trying to destroy the government in Israel simultaneously, and take out Benjamin Netanyahu.There is a piece in JNS by Carolyn Glick: The war rages in the Gaza Strip, Northern Israel, Lebanon, Eilat, and on the streets of Israel, cities as Iran's Palestinian, Lebanese, Syrian, Iraqi and Yemeni proxies maintain and escalate their operations against the Jewish state.Unmoved by the state of affairs, Israel's far-left is reinstating the anti- government riots that occurred regularly for the first three quarters of 2023.She goes on later, to be sure there are a number of reasons this is happening, but perhaps the main one was revealed on March 17 by riot leader, the head rioter, Ami Dror in a WhatsApp group chat with his colleagues, the communication, which Dror authenticated in interview with Channel 14 was reported on X/Twitter by a poster who operates under the handle, Arbela Tuna Hunter.Stick with me. In that communication, Dror, the head rioter told his colleagues that the White House was asking them to reinstate the riots. Based on what he referred to as a conversation with his contacts in the White House, Dror set out in granular detail the White House's four-part plan to overthrow the Netanyahu government, the components involved actions on the ground in Gaza, the use of the UN Security Council, extortion of government ministers in the Netanyahu government and mass protests.Dror called his report an important update from the American administration. He explained in his update that followed an earlier text he sent on March 6th on the same topic: "The American plan as I published on March 6th remains unchanged. The day after my publication, the Biden administration announced the establishment of an American port in Gaza that will seize from Israel the ability to rule The Strip. The port will be used initially to provide food, but the central purpose of the port is to rebuild Gaza.The purpose of the US campaign for humanitarian aid, he explained was twofold, undermining the control of the Israeli Defense Forces in Gaza and blackmailing government ministers.Well, Netanyahu's chief political rival is Gantz. Gantz was summoned to Washington a few weeks ago and he went because they want to replace Netanyahu with Gantz.So this guy, Dror, the head rioter, he wrote -- Gantz was summoned to the United States for a reprimand, he was humiliated. The Americans said hair raising things to him.At the start of the war, the Americans demanded that he joined the government. He was their man. The man that would ensure that Netanyahu and Ben-Gvir didn't set the world on fire.He came and he blocked the war in Lebanon, promised that he was going in for six weeks, and then he and the protest groups would take the government apart.After six weeks, he and Deri promised that by January 1 they would deliver the goods and in practice the final deadline the Americans gave him was Ramadan. In other words, overthrow Netanyahu by Ramadan.When he didn't deliver for the US, the administration understood that they can't trust Gantz. Maybe he will be a comfortable prime minister in the future, but the Americans seized full control over management of the war against Netanyahu. And guess what? Gantz announced last week, that in September, he wants a new election or he is out of the government.And there's other articles on this in Breitbart by our friend, Joe Pollak, what's taking place. So Joe Biden is trying to put Donald Trump in prison on multiple fronts, so he can win the presidency without a real challenge.And simultaneously, he is trying to drive Netanyahu from office and he is involved in promoting a Civil War in the state of Israel.And now, you can understand why he says the things he says, why he funds the organizations he funds.Evil, diabolical. Joe Biden destroying two democracies at the same time.I'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I'm a big, big Pete Hegseth fan, because he is a great patriot and hero and smart as hell.Peter Hegseth, obviously "Fox & Friends" Weekend co-host, Iraq and Afghan war veteran, and you have a brand new book coming out in a few weeks, "The War on Warriors: Behind the Betrayal of the Men Who Keep Us Free."Very, very important, when the book comes out, I want to have you back. So Pete, you heard my monologue, as I understand it. My contention or my position is that Joe Biden is an evil man. He's always been an evil man. He started out supporting the confederates of the old South and segregation and racism and opposed public school integration.He will ride any wave to retain power. He wants to make sure the next election isn't close, so he is trying to put Donald Trump in prison or at least get him convicted, so that becomes the issue.He keeps threatening that Donald Trump is threatening democracy. No, it's Joe Biden, who is destroying our republic and destroying Israel's democracy. It's a twofer for him, what do you make of that?PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "FOX AND FRIENDS" WEEKEND: I agree completely, Mark.A phenomenal setup and revealing the way in which the White House is trying to manipulate against our allies.You said it right: Joe Biden, for his entire career has ridden a wave. He's not a talented guy. He doesn't have anything in his background that suggests he is a competent manager. He has been wrong on most everything, especially on foreign policy.The wave that he has rode into office was by making a deal with the far left lunatics. The godless left, the pagan radicals, who believe God is government, and that they can fundamentally transform this country.So had to get rid of Bernie Sanders, and even though he sold himself as a centrist, he made a deal with Bernie and the Hamas Caucus, which is why you see his treatment of Israel over a few votes in Michigan, he made a deal with them, and then he ushered into the White House four more years of the effectively the entire staff of Barack Obama, who said he wanted to fundamentally transform America.And so you have an anti-American godless administration, who worships at the altar of climate change and believes international institutions should be in charge, effectively of us, and the result Mark, as you talk about all the time is, they don't believe in citizenship.They don't believe in borders, they don't believe in law and order. Everything that is illegal in their minds is something they want to facilitate. And they think cynically, that is all a pathway to more control for them.They believe, that's more votes. And when you and I look at the flood over the border, Mark, we look at the humanity, the drugs, the potential criminality, the potential terrorist attacks and we say how can this be happening in our country? The left sees opportunities, they see DREAMer, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, political wedges and liabilities, for conservatives for eons to come.And then they expect the press to cover for them which the press of course does. You've written the book on that, so this is a spiritual battle, Mark. This is a battle at higher realms. This is about people who believe in God, believe in our country, understand that we're a Constitutional Republic with laws versus people who believe God is government, don't believe there's a higher being, think we're a democracy.You talk about -- you know this distinction very clearly, so do your viewers, they don't -- they merge the whole thing -- and they want to bring racial animus back into the equation in America to stir us up and point us against each other.This is a higher battle that Donald Trump is engaged in and you see it on almost every issue that we talk about, Mark.LEVIN: Well said and you know, in the media are so corrupt that they are contributors to this, and I was talking the other day about the Democratic Party seeks monopoly, power like all autocratic parties do.So I wanted to change the voting system. That's why it's going to have waves and waves of amnesty and then take credit for it all, and they believe that they're importing Democrats into the country. That's why they hate separation of power, so Joe Biden rules by executive order over and over and over again and he is being urged to do so more so by Sanders and Warren and the other Marxists.That's why they only like judges who do their bidding, not judges who actually judge. So the Florida judge in the case involving the documents case, who is calling it straight, who is acting like a real judge, who is very careful about what she says, she is now under attack by the Democratic Party media and the Democratic Party to try and intimidate and threaten her, and also to send a message to the Supreme Court.I want to ask you about this. We have this Judge Reggie Walton. He's a district court judge. He's been around a very long time, too long. It's quite obvious at this point, and he goes on to CNN at his request, and he trashes Donald Trump, because he says Donald Trump is threatening violence against this clown judge, this Merchan in Manhattan.Donald Trump didn't threaten violence against anybody. Now, Chuck Schumer did. He threatened two Supreme Court justices, Gorsuch and Kavanaugh. He said, there is going to be a whirlwind and you're going to pay a price. And I don't remember this judge leaving the bench, calling CNN, showing up and worried about violence as a result of that.I don't remember this judge worrying about violence against Supreme Court justices after the Dobbs decision when their homes were being threatened, and not a single one of them was arrested under federal law.What do you make of the judiciary today?HEGSETH: What they've decided is not what's legal or illegal, Mark, looking at the law, regardless of your -- they've decided what's good in their mind, and who is good and who gets to benefit. And in this particular case, in every scenario, they will bend and contort to go after the primary threat, not just political opponent, but primary opponent to everything they cling to, which is power and control.The man willing to expose the underbelly of who they are and what they represent, the man willing to call them the names that they know they are, or they're unwilling to admit that no one else will say.And so the justice, it is, Mark, you know it, it is not a justice system, it feels like a Banana Republic. I know I wouldn't be treated the same way a Democrat would be treated and you wouldn't be. Donald Trump hasn't been and that goes to the very fabric of our Republican our nation. It's a very dangerous moment.LEVIN: I want these judges and justices to understand something: If you do not respect the rule of law, the Constitution of the United States, especially the Bill of Rights, due process and all the rest of it, then there's absolutely no reason for America to respect any of you because just because you say something doesn't make it right.If it's not based on our Constitution and the rule of law, you're nothing more than another person wearing a robe walking around in a nursing home.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.Excitement continues to build ahead of tomorrow's total solar eclipse. Tens of millions of Americans are in a prime spot to see it, but Mother Nature might throw a wrench into some of their viewing plans.Clouds potentially could block out the eclipse along the Path of Totality in parts of Texas, Arkansas, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Severe storms might also play a factor in some of those locations. The Path of Totality stretches from Texas to Maine.The FAA is investigating after a Boeing plane's engine cover partially fell off and struck a wing flap during takeoff. The Southwest Airlines flight from Denver to Houston returned safely to the airport after the incident. No one was hurt.Boeing has faced a series of mechanical mishaps over the past several months, along with years of scrutiny regarding their airplanes' safety.I'm Jon Scott. Back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back.Pete Hegseth has a great book coming out in a few weeks, "The War on Warriors: Behind the Betrayal of the Men Who Keep Us Free" and we will have Pete back so we can discuss it fully.Pete Hegseth, now, what do you make of the Republican Party? You look at the Senate. It was headed by Mitch McConnell, the longest serving leader in American history. Why? God only knows.But the Senate -- the Republican Senate, but for a relative handful of Republican senators seems completely useless. They have the filibuster. They have powers that Republicans in the House do not have. They refuse to use it, whether it is spending, whether it is the border, whether it is defending the state of Israel, I see nothing going on in the US Senate to stand up against Biden and Blinken.What is going on with the Republicans? The only time we actually hear them speak is when they're trashing Donald Trump.HEGSETH: Yes. Senate Republicans are part of the captured class. They're part of the uniparty. They're -- not all of them, there are a few good ones, you have them on your show, Mark, we know who they are.But otherwise, they are far more happy dealing with Democrats and running up the national debt and playing inside beltway games than they are putting the country first and putting a stake in the ground for what they believe in.Because a lot of these folks are compromised one way or the other, by lobbyists, by foreign countries, by their special interest, by their donors, by people that tell them which way they need to maneuver to stay relevant.And as a result, they don't put the country first. This is Donald Trump's Republican Party. There is no other way to put it. There is no other way to see it. There's no other way to legislate on it. His priorities that he is running on right now as the third time being the Republican nominee are a reflection of what grassroots Republicans and conservatives believe, what we know in our heart.This is not a flirtation, or a moment or a flourish or a rebellion. This is the core of what the Republican Party represents. The belief in strong borders, the belief in law and order, the belief in winning the wars we fight and not fighting them endlessly that you go on and on and on -- all the basics.Somehow Washington, DC can't get that message, Mark. Somehow congressional leaders don't understand.LEVIN: You know, it's very interesting, Pete, MAGA Republicans, they never say what MAGA stands for -- Make America Great Again. That's so extreme that so radical -- Make America Great Again because they don't love America.I mean when you look at the Democrat Party, when you look at Schumer, when you look at Hakeem Jeffries, when you look at all these people, exactly what is it about America that they love? Do they love our Constitution? No. Do they love our history? No. Do they love our people? No, the border is wide open.Do they love our economic system, the most prosperous on the face of the Earth? No, they spend every day trying to destroy it.They don't even like the combustion engine. They don't even like progress, industrial progress, the inventiveness of the American people. So what the hell is it that these people like about America?HEGSETH: I don't know. What they know -- what I know they love is control and power and they will drive every grievance possible to get it. Meritocracies are not allowed to survive, Mark. That's part of the reason I wrote this book and I know we're going to talk about it later, "The War on Warriors."Pentagon had to be captured, had to be. Too much meritocracy. You can't have a bunch of normal men out there training to defeat enemies and then coming home and voting accordingly based on their love of country, and their understanding of the relationship with God.No, no, no. We have to take that back too, so we're going to crush the generals with political prerogatives and social justice nonsense that makes us worse because it's about control, Mark.No, they don't love freedom. They don't love the Declaration. They don't love the Constitution. They don't love the Bill of Rights. They don't love capitalism.Freedom? You can't control freedom. Free people are pesky and difficult, messy and it doesn't fit into the boxes of their spreadsheets and the way in which governments can control. You remember, life of Julia, like that's the world they see. We're going to tell you what you're supposed to love and how you're supposed to operate. That's their view.LEVIN: I've often said if you want to fundamentally transform something, you can't love it. Do you want to fundamentally transform your wife or your husband? That's a very bizarre statement.And I'm sick and tired of these Democrats using the flag to destroy the flag using the Constitution to destroy the Constitution and using liberty to destroy liberty, and then accuse others who are trying to stand up to them by doing exactly that.Pete Hegseth, thank you for your past service and your present service. And God bless you, my friend.HEGSETH: Thank you, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.It's always great to have our buddy, Brent Bozell, Media Research Center, founder and president. He is extraordinary, and how he monitors what our corrupt media do, and he's known it's been corrupt for decades. That's what he's been on top of for decades.Brent Bozell, we see this war between good and evil in the Middle East, the Israelis are good and their enemies are evil. It's that simple.But we see sympathy in our media, as we do in the Democratic Party. They're attached at the hip, literally, for the terrorists, for the terrorist organizations. They don't pursue the funding of Iran, the funding of the PLO, the funding of Hamas, by the Biden administration, they have no interest in that whatsoever. And in fact, they use the spoon fed Hamas-Nazi statistics to try and undermine Israel in this war. What do you make of this?BRENT BOZELL, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, MEDIA RESEARCH CENTER: Well, you know, Mark, you've got two kinds of news out there. One is hard news, which is the news of the moment. And then the other one is investigative journalism.In hard news, there was once a rule that said that you needed two sources to confirm any allegation that was made out there two independent sources. Next time you look at a story dealing with the war with Israel, look at the death count, best foot forward, whatever that number is, at the very end, the news reporter might say, if anything at all, will say, these numbers aren't independently verified.Well, this is because these numbers are coming from Hamas, and once upon a time when the news media were doing their job, they would have said when the PLO and Hamas came out with these numbers, they would say thank you, Palestinian Authority, but we can't confirm what you're saying and we're not going to report it at all.Now, they report it as news. That's the huge difference.On investigative journalism. What investigative journalism? There is no investigative journalism on Hamas. None whatsoever.If you were to cover this, how about this one, Mark. Look at Google as a as a prime example of this. We asked Bard, which was the Google artificial intelligence service that they had after October 7th. We asked them to identify Hamas, to identify the IRA, a terrorist organization, they said, to identify BLM terrorist organization, they said. Hamas, they didn't know.We ask Bard, what was the global was the capital of England, London. What was the capital of France? Paris. What were the capitals of the four countries bordering Israel? They named them? What was the capital of Israel? They did not know.On and on, it goes. Where you've got a media, whether it's the news media or social media or digital media, on every opportunity they have. This is a media that once upon a time, when somebody says something that was antisemitic, they jumped all over them. Ironically, they are all antisemitic now, and that's the world we live in.LEVIN: They're all antisemitic now, aren't we talking basically about political rackets here? I mean, basically when the White House, the Democratic Party takes a position, the media point in that direction and they get on stage and they kick their feet in order and they walk in order, basically, they take their orders from the Democratic Party and the Biden administration, or they give the orders to the Democratic Party and the Biden administration.So we have basically a monopoly party, a monopoly press. Isn't that kind of the definition of tyranny?BOZELL: Yes, I think that, you know, anti-Americanism is something that once upon a time was a verboten subject in American politics, as it should have been.George McGovern was far left in 1972, was a radical left maybe for his time. We never called them anti-American. Ted Kennedy, far left, we never called him anti-American, because they had a version of America that was different.Today's media, they are anti-American, and I have no problem saying it whatsoever. They are committed to the destruction of the Judeo-Christian tradition in the United States. They are dangerous. They are very, very dangerous.This is not our news media. This is a tip of the spear for Marxism.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.MRC president and founder, Brent Bozell.Brent Bozell, the way the media cover these legal cases that are swirling around Donald Trump, every single one of them brought by a Democrat prosecutor. All but one judge seems absolutely left wing outrageous, predictable in their rulings and the way the media cover this as they bring in these so-called legal analysts, who are radical left, some of them former federal prosecutors who are now out of the closet as radical leftists. What do you make of the media's coverage of Biden's war on Donald Trump?BOZELL: It's interesting, Mark.Over a four-year period, we looked at the media's coverage of Donald Trump when he was president, and found that on average, every month, it was a 90 percent negative coverage that they gave him, no matter what his successes, and his successes, you cannot argue his successes, but they just didn't cover them.So we started doing it again, in February, the number has gone down, it is now 89 percent negative from 90 percent. What are they covering? They're covering exactly what Joe Biden wants covered.They want his trials covered. They want those 91 felony counts covered, and they're covered, and they're slanted against him. This is exactly what the Biden campaign wants.Why? Because if you're not going to cover the trial, you've got to cover the issues. And if you're going to cover the issues, you're going to look at inflation, you're going to look at interest rates, you're going to look at the border that's out of control, you're going to look at our American cities, where crime is running rampant, you're going to look at those issues, and every single time they fall in favor of Donald Trump.So this is the playbook that the left had. It is with the Biden campaign, and it is with the news media to do nothing but focus on trials and legal woes, and do it from a negative perspective. And you can't argue the numbers I just gave you, 89 percent.LEVIN: Now, Brent Bozell, it is one of the things that goes on, too, the effort to turn Donald Trump into Hitler. So they take words that he uses out of context. We will have three days of stories on it, I looked on the internet. It's like every news organizations says the same thing when he uses perfectly legitimate words. They take it out of context, purposely.They want him to be portrayed as a dictator. They refer to him as Hitler. They did the same thing to Barry Goldwater, if you look back. They did the same thing that Richard Nixon. They did the same thing to Ronald Reagan.That is, they don't want to really run against an opponent. They want to de legitimize and character assassinate their opponent. Is that what you see?BOZELL: Oh, yes. The most recent one is anti-democracy. Where did that word come from? This was a talking point that came from the -- I think he came out of the Biden administration. Now everybody on the left is using it, that Donald Trump is -- if you elect Donald Trump, you will have the end of democracy as we know it.This is the height of hypocrisy. This is a news media that if we can -- if I can go over to Ronna McDaniel because the McDaniel story really will put this in perspective. This was not -- the firing of her at MSNBC was not because she was a Republican. They've got plenty of Republicans on there, liberal Republicans.It was not because she was a conservative. She's not a conservative. It was about one thing and one -- and it wasn't about election denying. They've had nothing but left wing-election deniers going back -- you had 2020 with Hillary Clinton, 2016 with Hakeem Jeffries, and Abrams. We're talking about Russian collusion. 2008, it was vets. 2000 it was the Gore-Bush campaign there.So election interference is -- election denying is not the issue. The issue is that she defended Donald Trump, they will not allow that voice on that network. And what does that mean? That means that 51 percent, 52 percent, whatever the number is that support Donald Trump today do not allow to have their voices heard.So how in the world can they pass judgment on Donald Trump being anti- democracy when they are doing everything in their power to influence and change the election outcome in America?LEVIN: Brilliantly put and, of course, this is the administration that's known for censorship. Two federal courts have found it was outrageous. We haven't seen anything like this since Woodrow Wilson. But then again, Woodrow Wilson and Joe Biden have something in common. They both started out as racist segregationists.Brent Bozell, I want to thank you for all the great work that you do at the Media Research Center, my friend. Take care of yourself.BOZELL: Thank you, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.This is the United States Constitution, that the Democratic Party and the media despise, they wave it around as they try to destroy it.And you've heard about the Fifth Amendment, and I want to read you one partial sentence out of the Fifth Amendment: No person shall be deprived of life, liberty or property without due process of law.I think we need to amend that, don't you? We need to amend that no person should be denied life, liberty or property without due process of law unless his name is Donald Trump because the full power of the federal government, the full police powers of the federal government, the full power, the federal and state local judiciary, the full power of the so- called Department of Justice and their prosecutors and their investigators, and the full power of the invisible hand, the Svengali behind it all, Joe Biden who knows how to work these levers of power. He has been there for 50 years are all aimed at destroying one man, Donald Trump.But here's the problem, they have through 70 million of us to get to him.I will see you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.