ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We will see you back here tomorrow, lucky you, at 7:00 PM Eastern for "The Big Weekend Show."LISA BOOTHE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: That's right, lucky you.ACUNA: LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I am Mark Levin. This is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Saturday.Two great guests by the way, Stephen Moore and Michael Gonzales. More about the collapse of our economic system and spending and Gonzalez on the spread of Marxism throughout the culture. It's a very, very important show.And in that vein, we saw what happened at NBC News with the former head of the RNC. I'm not a particularly big fan of hers, but that's out the point, and you see what happens with the media all the time. They will grab anyone and promote anything. Michael Avenatti, I think they were pushing for president at one point. The Russia collision lie that went on for two years on MSNBC and CNN particularly with Rachel Maddow.The constant pushing on racism, and bigotry, and antisemitism, it is all a reflection of the democrat party.The reason why McDaniel could not join NBC is because NBC and MSNBC are ideological Democratic Party operations. It is that simple, like most of the media. I wrote about this in "Unfreedom of the Press." No longer is the objective to try and be objective or impartial, an impossibility, but still that is the goal.We always knew Walter Cronkite was a liberal, but we also know he tried to conceal it. Same with most of the other great network anchors and hosts. Not anymore.This is a 1960 generation, and it is their children and they exist to promote an agenda, to promote a worldview, to reengineer our society and you and I stand in the way.And you and I, the 70 percent of the American people, may be more who love the country, but that's not who they play to.They play to the river to the sea crowd. They play to the Marxists. They play to the extremists in our society who are trying to destroy our country.Is this an accident? No, it is not an accident.the Democratic Party as I have explained now is a totalitarian party and the Constitution was written to limit the power of any one entity, any faction, even a party. It was written to prevent the centralization of government. In other words, it was written to protect us from the Democratic Party.As I wrote some time ago, a democracy, a republic consisting of multiple political parties competing for power is simply unacceptable to and incompatible with this American Marxist ideology, of form or in any country including the United States, yet, that is the unmistakable goal of the Democratic Party.The late philosopher, Raymond Aron explained the party structure in America and other Western countries is based on the legality of opposition. So, when you are trying to put your political opponent in prison, that is a telltale sign that something is going wrong.It is a constitutionally based peaceful rivalry. The legal exercise of the power, the temporary exercise of power and the legitimate method of exercising power.Importantly he adds, the opposition accepts decisions which are taken legally by the government in power or the majority, but if a time comes when these decisions endanger its most vital interests, its very existence, will they not try to resist? He asks.There are circumstances in which a minority chooses to fight rather than submit. The smooth functioning of a Western regime depends on essentially on what the competing parties propose to do. The fundamental problem of western democracy that is the combination of national understanding and contestation is easy or difficult to resolve according to the nature of the parties.The aims, which they set themselves, and the doctrines which they preach.You see where I am going? The Democratic Party does not want any other party. It is why it is changing our election laws. That is why it tries to impeach Republican presidents. They tried to take out Reagan, tried to prevent George W. Bush from ascending to the presidency. It went after Donald Trump on day one and never has stopped because they knew he would run for re-election.Aron writes: When a party, one party alone has the monopoly of political activity the state is indissolubly linked to it, and I point out, in the United States, it can now be said that the monopoly party is the Democratic Party.Indeed, the vast administrative state built mostly, albeit not exclusively by the Democratic Party issues edicts, dictates, regulations, rules, fines, penalties that serve the ideological purposes of the Democratic Party whether the Democratic Party is in power or not.Aron describes it this way: In a one-party regime, the state is the party state, inseparable from the party which monopolizes legitimate political activity. If instead of a state of parties, a party state exists, the state will be obliged to restrict freedom of political discussion.And you have seen that with the disinformation, the use of the social platforms, the censorship efforts of Biden and the Democratic Party. We are the state party and the media is part of the state party. They do not want any discussion. They do not want any of it.Since the state presupposes as absolutely valid the ideology of the monopolistic party, it cannot officially allow this ideology to be called into question. In fact, the restriction on freedom of political discussion varies a degree according to the regimes of a single party.But the essence of a single party regime in which the state is defined by the ideology of the monopolistic party, the Democratic Party is not to accept all the ideas and to prevent some ideas relating to the party from being openly debated.This is where the Democratic Party, I argue, has driven the nation. The power and control of the Democratic Party and the allegiance to it and to its ideology.Above all else are the objectives. This is evident in the media, social sites, entertainment, and academia. And if that is not enough, it gets worse.The Democratic Party has become the political and operational organism through which the American Marxism functions. Just as early in our history, it was the party of the confederacy and slavery, segregation and the Ku Klux Klan and Jim Crow.In more recent times, it has adapted the tailored Marxist ideology to American governance and politics. And in so doing, the Democratic Party has adopted what some call a passive or quiet revolution approach as the late Italian communist, Antonio Gramsci argued, a long march through America's cultural institutions where intellectuals broadly define what populate these institutions, slowly but surely radicalize them, soften existing social morals, and ultimately destroy the culture and restructure society.Indeed, Gramsci asserted socialism as precisely the religion that must overwhelm Christianity.The new order, he said, socialism will triumph by first capturing the culture via infiltration of schools, universities, churches and the media by transforming the consciousness of society.Although, Gramsci urge subterfuge and deceit and we see it all around us he did not oppose force or violence employed strategically and wisely.Saul Alinsky, a Marxist and Gramsci fan wrote "Rules for Radicals" as you know, based essentially on Gramsci's approach. Alinsky was a mentor to Hillary Clinton, who in 1969 wrote her 92-page senior thesis on Alinsky at Wellesley College.His writings were extremely influential with a young community activist, Barack Obama. Obviously, these are two of the most prominent Democratic Party leaders in the last 30 years.Another leading influence in the Democratic Party, is of course, Bernie Sanders despite more recent efforts to mainstream him, Sanders who nearly when the Democrat nomination for president in 2020 and whose issued papers have served as the revolutionary blueprint for the Biden administration has spent his entire life as a Marxist activist.Although he is treated as a kind of elderly statesman of the Democratic Party, his record in Marxist movements and activities and in support of repressive communist regimes and causes is extensive.Sanders has praised genocidal communist regimes of the old Soviet Union. Cuba, Nicaragua and he has called for the government takeover of most of our industries, and offered a 21st Century economic Bill of Rights that could have been lifted straight from Joseph Stalin's 1936 Soviet Constitution.The Democratic Party is the state party in America and supported by a state media that poses as a free press, you just saw that.The state media are no less devious and diabolical than the party they promote, and like other propagandists, they are skilled at deceit and deception on behalf of the cause.It is very, very important to understand because you now have a fusion of the Democratic Party and the administrative state -- the media and Hollywood. We are surrounded by it.The great George Orwell, you may remember him. He wrote some great books, "Animal Farm" and he wrote, "1984." Orwell explains: It is almost universally felt that when we call a country democratic, we were praising it. Consequentially, the defenders of every kind of regime claim that it is a democracy and fear that they might have to stop using the word if it were tied down to any one meaning.In other words, democracy, the word, is used to conceal tyranny. We see it in China, Russia, other parts -- the people's Republic, that sort of thing.The person who uses them has their own private definition, but allows his hearer to think he means something quite different. So simply put, the abuser of words is a demagogue who is knowingly lying by creating a false narrative.I'll give you a few examples from Joe Biden. Joe Biden is accusing Donald Trump of wanting to destroy Social Security and Medicare. In 1984, in 1987, in 2007, and 2009 as a senator and beyond, as a candidate, Joe Biden has called for either the slashing of spending in Social Security, Medicare, and the Veterans Administration, freezing spending or a complete overhaul of those programs.Today, he says he has no plan to do anything and he says it is Trump. I research this. Trump never said any such thing ever -- ever -- and now, he is accusing Trump of doing it because he is a liar. He is a propagandist and he uses the American Marxist playbook, and the media are all with him.Joe Biden says that it is Donald Trump and the Republicans who won't secure the border, because they won't pass some imbecilic law that they threw out there, and they threw it out there for cover. Bipartisan, yes, three Republicans supported it out of all of them.And yet, we know as a matter of fact, part of Donald Trump's public careers has been about securing the southern border, and it was, mostly secured under Donald Trump. So they flip it.They project on to somebody else their own failures and so forth. Joe Biden goes around and he says that he cut $1.7 trillion from the budget when he has created the biggest deficit and debts in world history to the point where this economy could collapse.Well, what is he talking about? Well, the COVID spending had a deadline, and so $1.7 trillion was dropped, or that amount because it was not renewed. That's not him cutting the debt by $1.7 trillion and others have looked at it and said quite the contrary. He has massively increased the debt.I could go on and on and on. You see, he is an expert at this, Joe Biden because he has been around so long he will do whatever it takes.So now, full circle. You saw what happened to Ronna McDaniel at NBC. This is happening at virtually every news operation in America except this one and a few others. You see how they are mouthpieces for the Democratic Party. You see how they are mouthpieces for this radical extremist agenda - - open borders, redistributing wealth, socialism over capitalism, Hamas over Israel, on and on and on.The media, the Democratic Party, the administrative state, the comics, the movies, all of it, one and the same.Gramsci has succeed. They are devouring our country and they are doing it to the elites and the ruling class, because the funny thing is, the vast majority of the American people want none of this. And then your next question is, why do they vote for? I do not know.Why do people vote in all kinds of horrendous regimes and then only regret it after the fact. Propaganda, demagoguery, the Big Lie, repetition, a corrupt media -- people want to believe. People want to believe in things and they do not want to believe that in the United States of America, that the Democratic Party is totalitarian and that it is promoting tyranny, but it is.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We are here with our buddy, Steve Moore, economist extraordinaire at the Heritage Foundation, founder of the Committee to Unleash Prosperity, Fox News contributor.Steve, I want to read something to you, and then I want you to comment on it as long as you need too.The Biden administration actually proposed a budget and that tells us what is in his mind, and heart, and soul about where he wants to take this country.And the Tax Foundation looked at it, and they said: His proposed budget would slash gross domestic product in the long run by 2l.2 percent, slash capital stock by 3.8 percent, slash wages by 1.6 percent, result in increased unemployment of almost 800,000. It would decrease American incomes by 1.9 percent in the long run, raising the corporate income tax to 28 percent, the largest driver of negative effects.It would drive down GDP by 0.9 percent, capital stock by 1.7 percent, and wages by almost one percent resulting in unemployment of almost 200,000 -- and it goes on and on and on, and this guy is getting away with saying that he has cut the debt, that he has a responsible proposal. It is like $8 trillion, it is like $7.8 trillion, and everybody is saying, except the hard left, this guy is crazy what he is proposing here.What is your take?STEPHEN MOORE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, great to be with you, Mark, and I loved your opening monologue, and I do feel sometimes by the way, like we are living in George Orwell's 1984, when you look at what has happened to our country. I mean, you are a hundred percent correct.Now, let's talk about that Biden budget. You know, I have lived through -- I've been doing this for 40 years, so I've examined 40 years of budgets, and normally, what happens is democrats when they get to the election year, they move to the middle and they pretend like they are conservatives, and I've got to give Joe Biden credit. He is not moving to the middle.I mean, this isn't your big government is over, this is like, your big government is here to stay, like we have never seen before. You mention the fact that the is lying about these deficit reduction numbers. I mean this is a joke.This is a president in just three years in office has increased the 10-year forecast for the debt by $10 trillion, Mark, $10 trillion. How is that reducing the deficit?Second of all, let's talk about taxes for a minute. You know, I am an old- fashioned Reagan supply sider. You want to get tax rates lower to bring jobs and businesses back, Reagan did it. It worked, Mark. Donald Trump did it. It worked to create a great economy.You are not going to believe this, Mark, but under the Biden tax plan, the United States of America, the land of the free would have a higher tax rate than Russia and China -- our businesses.Now, my old boss, Dick Armey who I loved and adored. He was the former Majority Leader, he used to say that liberals love jobs, but they hate employers. This is an assault against American businesses, small businesses. American corporations are playing right into the hands of our enemies like China and Russia and the European countries that are our competitors.You know, Trump used to say that these other countries are laughing behind our back. That's exactly what is happening here. This is put America last budget.LEVIN: And yet, he frames it -- you know, Meese, he said, we also are like Marxists now, and he frames it in the Marxist language, a class warfare, get the rich, go after the corporations, and this is the Democratic Party theme song now, which is we are cutting spending while massively increasing it. We are cutting that debt while massively increasing it.You want to destroy Social Security, when in fact they refused to reform it, so they are destroying Social Security and Medicare. And then they go on these rants about how they stand for the little guy and so on.Maybe you can tell me, what exactly has Joe Biden done for the middle class in this country?MOORE: Well, middle class is poor since Joe Biden came in when you take account of inflation.We have not seen this kind of inflation in this country since the late 1970s when Jimmy Carter was in office and you'll remember what happened with him. Ronald Reagan beat an incumbent president by 10 percentage points, and I think you are looking at the kind of same frustration the middle class is a financially stressed out right now. They're having a hard time paying mortgages. They're having a hard time paying their grocery bills.I mean, when I go to the grocery store with my wife sometimes, people come up to me and they get angry at me because they -- you know, they think the inflation and they are feeling an inflation rate that is much higher than the rate that is being recorded by the federal government.I mean, if you look at what is happening to the price of food, if you look at what's happening to the price of energy, if you look at what's happening at the gas pump, if you look at mortgage payments, those are not up by 20 percent since Biden came into office, they are up by 30 percent.How many people's incomes, Mark, do you think have gone up by 30 percent in the last four years? Not many, except the very rich.LEVIN: My dad used to say, if you kill the golden goose you don't get golden eggs, it is really quite that simple.Let me ask you this question.MOORE: Yes.LEVIN: In addition to the taxes, the regulations, they literally went to ban the combustion engine and the gasoline automobile. What will that do to the average person both in terms of their lifestyle and their costs? And the EPA is doing this. There is not a statute that supports this.MOORE: I think this is probably the dumbest thing that Joe Biden has come up with, and he has come up with a lot of crazy ideas.But I want to make sure your viewers understand this. Joe Biden is talking about taking away your car. This is a war against the gas-powered car and what he wants to do is force consumers and car buyers to buy electric vehicles whether they want to or not.Now, I am not against electric vehicles, I am not against Teslas, some of my best friends have Teslas. But in this country, we believe that people have a right to choose, don't we? I mean, why should the government tell you what kind of car you can buy? Only one percent of the cars today on the road, did you know that, Mark, only one percent of the cars are electric vehicles. Only about six or seven percent of the sales are electric vehicles even though they are pouring massive subsidies into it.So, I think people are going to be angry about this. The price of cars is going to go up there not allowing the companies to produce them like Ford and GM. I mean, it is an outrage and I think people are extraordinarily frustrated by this, and I think there is going to be a real push back against -- they are not taking my car away from me, Mark, that's what people tell me. They are not going to take my car away from me.LEVIN: The electrical grid is not set up for this.MOORE: No, no way.LEVIN: So we are going to have brownouts and blackouts. You're going at rationing of energy.MOORE: Yes.LEVIN: These vehicles and the charging stations, they are not ready for this. They're not ready for the cold weather, the freezing weather.How many fire departments have told us they're very, very dangerous vehicles. When they blow up, all kinds of toxins. They cannot get people out of these cars. And they do not care they are driven by ideology, not by economics they are imposing their will on the American people, no?MOORE: Mark, if you wanted to destroy a country's economy, destroy its energy supply. People should know this. They are going after our fossil fuel industry which provides 80 percent of our energy in this country.We are not going to have any industry left in this country if they pursue this green energy strategy.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.Teams of highly trained engineers are beginning to carefully remove the first pieces of twisted steel for the Baltimore bridge collapse. Crews are using gas-powered cutters to separate sections of the steel bridge. Those sections are then lifted onto barges by a crane that can carry a thousand tons.The Francis Scott Key Bridge collapsed earlier this week after a cargo ship rammed into it. It could take weeks of cleanup to get the Port of Baltimore back open.AT&T is investigating a massive data leak. It includes personal information of more than 70 million current and former customers. The telecommunications giant says the data was released on the dark web about two weeks ago. The leak could include account holder information and Social Security numbers. The company says the date looks to be from 2019 and earlier.I am Jon Scott, now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Stephen Moore. Social Security, Medicare, veterans benefits -- the only candidate in this presidential race that I'm aware of who wanted to freeze them, or slash them, or do all kinds of things to them was Joe Biden. Now Joe Biden said in '84 -- I'm doing this off the top of my head: Eighty- seven, 2007, 2009 about a government freeze that ought to include these programs on and on and on.Whether that is good or not, now he has flipped and he is saying, those are Donald Trump's positions. Number one, those were never Donald Trump's positions.MOORE: Right.LEVIN: You worked with Donald Trump.MOORE: Yes.LEVIN: In fact, he specifically said probably to you, do not touch those programs. And number two, it is Joe Biden who took these positions. It is almost like Joe Biden who is the racist segregationist when he came into the Senate is now the great savior on Civil Rights.What you make of this?MOORE: Well, Joe Biden lied when he said that Donald Trump wants to cut Social Security benefits. There is no truth to that. What he said with these big massive entitlement programs, which are hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars, is he is saying with respect to Medicare and Medicaid, he is not saying we are going to cut the benefits, he is saying let's get rid of the fraud and the abuse and waste in these programs.Medicare and Medicaid are being ripped off to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars according to the General Accounting Office and that is well-established. Why do let these criminals get away with ripping off these programs? We could save probably $200 billion just by getting rid of the fraudsters and putting them in jail and saving taxpayers' money.Everyone knows -- look the insurance companies are ripping off the program, the hospitals are ripping off the program. We cannot continue with that when we are running an annual deficit under Biden of nearly $2 trillion, and incidentally, Mark, I just ran these numbers. The federal government today is spending $57,000.00 per household. That's almost equal to the per household income in this country.This cannot continue or we are going to bankrupt America.LEVIN: Joe Biden has been around a long time like a bad rash. He has been in Washington for half a century. How can he possibly run as somebody who is going to fix anything when in fact he did everything.MOORE: You know, this is the most important point when I talk to Donald Trump about -- you know, talking about the economy. One of his greatest selling points, and the American people know this, is he is a businessman. He knows how to run a business. He knows how to build things. He knows how to meet a payroll.Joe Biden, think about this, for his entire life or at least the forty to fifty years, he even brags about the fact he has never had a real job. Not only has he never started a business, he has never even worked for a business. He has never met a payroll. He has no idea what it means to make a profit.And so this is the guy who is going to tell us how to run our $25 trillion economy versus a guy who knows how to build things? I mean, I think there is a pretty clear choice, America, about who is going to make America a more prosperous place.But I mean, I am not kidding. Biden boasts about the fact that he has never worked in the private sector one day of his life.LEVIN: Yes, because he is playing to that audience.Let me ask you this, finally, Stephen Moore, when you look at the country under Joe Biden, and you are more than an economist. You live in this country. You see what's going on. You speak to a lot of people.Have you ever seen the country in decline like this in such a short period of time under any president?MOORE: This reminds me a little bit of the Jimmy Carter era, I remember I was just a teenager then and I thought, what's wrong with our country that everything is going wrong? And I think that is exactly the way Americans feel today.No matter how many times Joe Biden says how wonderful the thing is, the numbers have not changed in the polls for two years now. Americans, two- thirds to three-quarters of Americans say this country is headed in the wrong direction and you know why, Mark? It is.LEVIN: And what does Joe Biden have to offer them? He is trying to raise a billion dollars to run ads on TV to persuade the American people that Donald Trump is a threat to America.He is not going to run on his record, and whatever his records pointed out, he projects the consequences, the disaster consequences on the Republican Party, on Donald Trump, on the Israelis, on Putin, anybody but himself.Well, Steve Moore, I want to thank you, my friend. It's always very, very important to hear from you.God bless you.MOORE: Thank you.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.You know, we have great heroes and scholars in our country who toil for decades figuring out what is happening to our country, trying to convey it to the American people, and I try and find these people and present them to you and the arguments that they are making because it is so crucial.The left has their ideologues, I don't even call them philosophers. They are propagandists, they are demagogues going away back. They read them, they know them, they can cite them and they implement their agendas.We conservatives and constitutionalists, we don't really do that. So it is important that we have people who know what the hell is going on and they can express it in a way that is understandable to the extent I can that I present them to you.Now, we've had Mike Gonzalez on here before. He is a fantastic thinker and writer about this issue of American Marxism and Marxism generally. He has co-written this book with Katharine Gorka who is a friend of ours as well, "Next Gen Marxism: What It Is And How To Combat It."Now, why is this important? Because we are living it right now in the United States of America. You are confronting it. It is swirling around you. It is in that media, it's in the government, it's in Hollywood, it is everywhere.Mike Gonzalez, welcome. Congratulations on this fantastic book, "Next Gen Marxism."Let's begin.You start out with the revolution. Briefly tell us, what is this revolution? Are we in the middle of it? Has it already taken place? Where are going with it?MICHAEL GONZALEZ, CO-AUTHOR, "NEXT GEN MARXISM: WHAT IT IS AND HOW TO COMBAT IT": No, we are in the middle -- and thank you, Mark, for the things you said.We are in the middle of it. I actually have good feelings, I'm optimistic. I think the American people are going to win because we caught this early enough.But yes, I mean, in this a book, what we did was set out to answer and to explore the nagging question that Americans are asking themselves, why is the country becoming unrecognizable?You asked about the revolution. The revolution we see every day in little things that are big things: Why are some teachers pushing gender confusion? Why are some librarians sharing pornography with young students and hiding it from their parents? Why has race once again become the most important factor in promotion and hiring? And why are universities becoming centers of intolerance?Our answer is that because it is a revolution bubbling from within, is that it is not by accident. This transformation of America is due to the fact that some very important people agree on some fundamentals, they are sometimes called cultural Marxists.They call themselves critical Marxists. We call them Next Gen Marxists because they bring to the equation elements that are traditionally missing in cultural Marxism or in critical theory, such as the -- one of them is the use of neighborhood organizing, of community organizing as perfected by Saul Alinsky, a very American thing.Also the use of sex to destroy society from within, destroy the family. Now, as you know because you've written about this, this is not quite new. It started Gyorgy Lukacs, in the Hungarian Soviet in 1919, used it to destabilize the family.Marcuse used it -- talked about it in "Eros and Civilization" 1957. But today its use of queer theory and gender theory to deny reality, to say that amputations are perfectly reasonable -- perfectly healthy organs is gender care, and then -- and also the use of a race, the stoking racial grievances to deconstruct society, to dismantle society and lastly, the new element, this 21st Century elements is the use of vast networks -- Marxism networks that span the globe and social media to stoke what we saw in 2020 in the BLM riots was exactly that. Revolutionary outpouring of this cultural Marxism, what we saw in 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri was another revolutionary spark of this.So what we try to do is expose this and then provide solutions as to why -- how to stave it off, how to help the American people fight back.LEVIN: Do you see now, I do, a fusion of sort of the Marxists and the Islamists -- both of which hate America, Western society, Western values, and now there seems to be this fusion in the universities and colleges, seems to be this fusion in our media, seems to be this fusion in our streets, the river to the sea.Do you see this fusion now because they have a common enemy, which is us?GONZALEZ: Yes, in Europe this is called the Red/Green Alliance. Let me give you two examples of this very thing you're talking about.In 2007, Marxists leaders called for a beachhead of revolution to be set up here inside the US. Hugo Chavez in Venezuela called for this in 2006 and what do you know, in 2007, this was established when American Marxists opened the US social forum in Atlanta in 2007 with a gathering of thousands of people.By the way, Alicia Garza and Patrisse Cullors, the founders of Black Lives Matter were there in Atlanta in 2007. This is a decade, not a decade, but many years before, they founded Black Lives Matter. Who else was there? Gobs of Palestinian activists there in Atlanta 2007. Again in 2014, I've mentioned before Ferguson, Missouri.When the world Marxists gather, who was there again? A lot of Palestinians. It is December 2014. The next month, 2015, Patrisse Cullors is in the West Bank cutting videos with Palestinians. What you're talking about is definitely happening.LEVIN: And when we come back, Mike Gonzalez, it is my contention that the Democratic Party is the umbrella organization now for all of these entities, and that that is why Joe Biden has taken positions that he has taken, that is why democrats in Congress are moving further and further radicalized to the left, and that's why their media is so filled with so many radicals. I want to ask about that.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.You're surrounded by a revolution whether you know it or not. It is sucking you in, or sucking you down. "Next Gen Marxism: What It Is And How To Combat It" by Gonzalez and Gorka, it is a fantastic new book. You can get it at amazon.com about what is swirling around you.So my question to you is, has the Democratic Party become effectively the beehive for all these movements? Whether it is Marxism or the Palestinian Islamism?GONZALEZ: Well, we are seeing very important decision makers, elements inside the Democratic Party that I definitely -- that are sympathetic to the Nex Gen Marxism. AOC; definitely, Bernie Sanders the democratic socialists, the whole squad.Joe Biden himself as you said yourself earlier in the earlier segment, was completely absent in this conversation. He was actually a sympathizer with segregationists. Said some rather racist things in a very, very long career. Now, I guess he has realized that the power center in his party belongs to this Nex Gen Marxists who are not the majority of the population nor I would say the majority of his party, but they control it.Nobody dares say no to them, and that I think is something that we discussed in our book. The race and sex have become an obsession with Biden and the Biden administration. He doesn't even say the word equality anymore, he says equity, and every time he says equity, he wants to say equality, but I guess, they have so accustomed him to saying equity that he has to get it out.LEVIN: It looks like Obama is back on the scene, which is okay because his staff has been running the White House anyway, so now, here he is. He is out of the closet, he is working on the Biden campaign and so forth, as he has been working behind-the-scenes, and of course we know his association with Alinsky and his association with others when he was a young man, Marxist, and you write about some of this in the book too.So having Obama back on the scene, doesn't that kind of underscore what is taking place now?GONZALEZ: Well, we devote a chapter to Bill Ayers who was the Marxist terrorist at one point who actually introduced Obama to the political world of Chicago very early on in the 1990s.And Obama's mentor, as you know, Mark, because you've written about this was Frank Marshall Davis, a communist. Obama writes about him and his two autobiographies, he just calls him "Frank." And first, he denies that this is Frank Marshall Davis except this video somewhere of an earlier Obama saying, oh yes, I knew this American poet, Frank Marshall Davis, he was my mentor in Hawaii when I was a teenager.So, we knew that Frank is Frank Marshall Davis, a hard-core American communist who was friendly with his grandparents. I think, obviously, this begins to happen in 2013 and 2014 at a time when Americans, of all races, were saying they are quite content with the racial relations and then we have the creation of BLM and we have -- and this happens under Obama, obviously, he is president.We had the takeoff of BLM in the American newspapers just beginning to speaking these languages and using these terms, there is this guy named Zach Goldberg who did a piece for "The Tablet" in which he actually is able to study how newspapers and "The Wall Street Journal," not "The Wall Street Journal" so much, but it was in "The New York Times" begin to use terminology "systemic racism, White supremacy" and so forth and just take off using these terms in 2014.So it happens under Obama. I would not say he leads it, I think it is led by people who are really intent on changing America from within. He may have wanted that as well. But these Next Gen Marxists at the bottom, the Black Lives Matter, the architects -- they are the fighting troops of this, is something that happens beginning in that period, yes.LEVIN: Do you think the Republican Party or even non-Republicans would look at this, look at you, look at me and say, boy, you guys are kind of over the top here so forth and so on. Do you think the hardcourt left in this country has succeeded in mainstreaming their ideology or at least concealing it?GONZALEZ: Yes, very much so. They actually conceal it behind everything -- you know, the issue is never the issue, the issue is a revolution.Look, you can be a Keynesian and believe in deficit spending and believe in raising taxes to throttle economic growth without ever having heard the name John Maynard Keynes, you know, you do not have to have studied Keynes to be a Keynesian, Keynes himself said that people act the way they do because of the ideas of some defunct philosopher economist.This is what is happening right now. These ideas are the animating ideas of the left, as I said, the animating ideas of the Democratic Party, of the whole left.They are Marxists. We call them Next Gen Marxists. Whether you have studied, whether you think you are Marxist or not, if you boil down the world to a clash between the oppressor and the oppressed, you are reading from the first page of the manifesto written by Marx in 1848.LEVIN: Now, that's one a hundred percent right. Great point. You do not have say, hey I am a Marxist when in fact, you are unwittingly advancing that cause.Mike Gonzalez, the book is great. "Next Gen Marxism: What It Is And How To Combat It," you can get it at amazon.com. If you want to know is going on in the world, this will tell you.Thank you my friend. Good luck to you.GONZALEZ: Thank you, Mark.LEVIN: We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.As you can tell, I never underestimate your intelligence.I think you want to know as much as humanly possible or you wouldn't be watching this show.And I try to convey as best as I can on this platform.Inevitably, the Democratic Party's infinite cultural, economics, and political interventions always in the name of the people and some virtuous and worthy cause lead to the steady decline of liberty and the steady rise of totalitarianism, and the exploitation of the people.Fewer and fewer masterminds with an ever-increasing army of bureaucrats and enforcers rain over the citizenry and decide what is and what is not good for them.The abuses of power are limitless, as are the justifications and slowly but surely, the people get used to it, even vote for it.And one day, its grip is too tight, then it is too late --And that's what where we are headed if we don't turn things around now, and in November.I will see you tomorrow night, Sunday on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.