LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We should have started with that one.Congressman, thank you so much.All right that's it for us tonight. Don't forget always set your DVR so you always stay connected with us. Follow me on social media.Again, thanks for watching. Remember, it's American now and forever and Jesse Watters and the whole gang, they take it from here.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: China now is building a couple of massive plants. They're going to build the cars in Mexico. They think that they're going to sell those cars into the United States.If I don't get elected, it is going to be a bloodbath.WATTERS: The Democrats bloodbath hoax blows up, but they're sticking to it.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: Just bull (bleep). Let me say that. It is just bull (bleep).REPORTER: Do you have a few moments? Did you discuss Gaza?BARACK OBAMA, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm tempted.WATTERS: Barak Obama's secret trip to Britain and Belgium. What's he up to this time?DON LEMON, JOURNALIST: Do you know what the term "woke" actually means? You don't agree that this country was founded on racism and founded on slavery.When you doing this -- are you -- are you sober?WATTERS: He interview that got Don Lemon fired.Plus --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Have a great St. Patrick's Day. I hope everyone gets really (bleep) up. I hope you have a great time. And honestly, God bless America.WATTERS: A young scrappy soon to be newspaper editor once asked Thomas Jefferson, how do you run a newspaper? Jefferson's response: The man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than he who reads them. As he who knows nothing is nearer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.Translation, you're better informed by not knowing the news, unless you watch Fox.This was personal for Jefferson, who was relentlessly victimized by a wickedly partisan press, who labeled him a French traitor, an evil atheist, who's Louisiana Purchase was unethically corrupt.Yes, Jefferson was scandalized for doubling the size and power of the US, and some things never change. Washington politicians are well practiced in the art of yellow journalism. Nancy Pelosi wants to explain one dirty trick, the wrap up smear.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): It's a diversionary tactic called the wrap up smear. You smear somebody with falsehoods and all the rest, and then you merchandise. And then you write it and they'll say, see, it is reported in the press that this, this, this and this. So they have that validation that that the press reported the smear and then it's called the wrap up smear.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Politicians, as Nancy admits use wrap up smears to divert attention from what they don't want you to see. And what Democrats don't want you to see is Joe Biden.Sources say Biden is growing angry and anxious over his re-election. Cursing out staff who tell Georgia and Arizona are out of reach. Worried about his poll numbers in Michigan and seething that he isn't getting credit for his accomplishments.Behind-the-scenes, Biden is second guessing his whole campaign staff. It's gotten so bad that the Clintons are telling Biden time to go nuclear.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: I would attack right now. I'd spend that money. I would jump all over him because my feeling is when your opponent is drowning, the first thing you do is throw him or her an anvil and that's what he needs right now.He is drowning, give him an anvil.PAUL BEGALA, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Attack, sir. Attack. Attack. Stop bragging and start bashing.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Sources say Biden is frustrated because he feels like he's being kept in a cocoon and wants his staff to let him off the leash.Does this look like a man ready for action? He's lost on a wet porch and needs special shoes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LES TRENT, "INSIDE EDITION": Many observers couldn't help but notice his footwear. Are those sneakers? Yep, there's so called lifestyle sneakers made by Hoka designed for maximum comfort and support while walking or hiking.And here they are, the Joe Biden sneaker. They're made by Hoka. These are called the Hoka Transport. And as you can see, they look quite comfortable. They have a wide sole, no doubt great for stability, and the president does have a history of stumbling.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: When "Inside Edition" is talking about the president's special shoes saying he needs support so he doesn't stumble, this is a campaign that desperately needs a distraction.And this weekend, we got one. We have a new hoax, ladies and gentlemen, the dictator on day one now has company. Trump says country faces bloodbath if Biden wins in November. That was the headline everywhere.I looked at the news Sunday, I'm thinking, Trump said what? So I do my own research and this is what he actually said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Let me tell you something, to China, if you're listening President Xi and you and I are friends, but he understands the way I deal, those big monster car manufacturing plants that you're building in Mexico right now and you think you're going to get that, you're going to get that, you're going to not hire Americans and you're going to sell the cars to us. No.We're going to put a 100 percent tariff on every single car that comes across the line, and you're not going to be able to sell those cars, if I get elected. Now, if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath for the whole -- that's going to be the least of it, it's going to be a bloodbath for the country, that will be the least of it. But they're not going to sell those cars.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, Trump's not threatening bloody violence, if he loses to Biden. He's saying the American auto industry will face a bloodbath from cheap Chinese cars manufactured in Mexico and then dumped here. That's the dictionary definition of bloodbath, a major economic disaster, but the media clipped the speech like this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Now, if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath for the whole -- that's going to be the least of it, it's going to be a bloodbath for the country, that will be the least of it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: This is disinformation by the Democrat media industrial complex, who disguise the truth and lie to you, to smear Trump as a danger to democracy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PELOSI: We just have to win this election because he's even predicting a bloodbath. What does that mean? He's going to exact a bloodbath.SUSAN GLASSER, THE NEW YORKER STAFF WRITER: The former president, who's already incited violence among his followers, says that there's going to be a bloodbath. What? After the election, if he does not win, he is telling us what he is going to do.MICHAEL BESCHLOSS, NBC HISTORIAN: A major party candidate is saying, you elect me, there's going to be dictatorship, bloodbath, violence, retribution against my political enemies. That equals what we saw in Italy and Germany and other places.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The desperate Biden campaign, tired of being yelled at by Biden for losing every swing state, jumped on TV trying to redeem themselves, and then married the bloodbath hoax to the fine people hoax.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL TYLER, BIDEN-HARRIS 2024 COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: What I heard was a continuation of the same rhetoric, the same endorsement of political violence that we've seen from Donald Trump for years, as you pointed out. It goes even farther back, right?This is the same guy who after Nazis marched on Charlottesville and killed a woman said there were very fine people on both sides.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Hoaxes and lawsuits is all they have. That's how you know Biden is losing. And since when does the left care about bloodbaths? There's a bloodbath in Chicago every weekend, the George Floyd riots were a bloodbath. They love them. No one falls for these hoaxes anymore. Even the Jussie Smollett hoax lasted longer than the bloodbath hoax.The country is puncturing hoaxes in record time, when it used to take months or even years to get to the bottom of Russia collusion, the laptop, the lab leak. Americans are exposing hoaxes on day one, and we're enjoying it. We get a kick out of figuring out Democrats' magic tricks.After I steal Jesse Jr.'s nose for the fifth time, got your nose. He's onto it. The fact that they're back at it so blatantly dishonest shows you what they think about you -- ignorant, gullible rubes, who will just glance at a headline and keep scrolling, waiting in line to buy potato chips, complaining about shrinkflation.Democrats are banking on American ignorance. Do you want to vote for someone who thinks you're dumb? Or for someone who knows you can handle the truth? Because this is how dumb they think you are. Even after the hoax was exposed and the full context came out, they're sticking with it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCARBOROUGH: These idiots on Twitter, these idiots on cable news, these idiots on Sunday shows -- the president, you know, he was talking only about the auto industry and this is one more -- just bull (bleep). Let me say that at 6:15 AM. It's just bull (bleep).He knew what he was doing. We're not stupid. Americans aren't stupid. He was talking about a bloodbath. Sometimes a bloodbath means a bloodbath.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Yes, sometimes it doesn't. Why wasn't "Morning Joe" riled up when Biden threatened Bernie with a bloodbath? it was just the last primary. The media loves a good bloodbath.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VAN JONES, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: If Trump gets the nomination, that the Republican Party will be destroyed. It's going to be a bloodbath.AMARA WALKER, CNN CORRESPONDENT: Joe Biden was just talking the other day about you know his concerns about a negative bloodbath.MSNBC GUEST: It's going to be a bloodbath in November.SCARBOROUGH: It would be a bloodbath.MSNBC HOST: Off year elections are often a bloodbath.MSNBC HOST: It was predicted to be a bloodbath.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Bloodbath at the ballot box.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now what you're watching is the Democrats' Death Star exploding. The Democrat media industrial complex is malfunctioning like an electric car in January.Weapons they've used for years are suddenly freezing up and backfiring. The Biden campaign is facing a landslide loss. They're getting tongue lashings from their special shoe wearing boss. Then they're once well-oiled hoaxes don't even last a day, so they've thrown all the hoaxes into one big pot.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRIAN KLAAS, POLITICAL ANALYST: What is highly likely going into the 2024 election is that a small subset of Trump's very well-armed and extremists base will try to kill people.SCARBOROUGH: He will imprison, he will execute whoever he's allowed to imprison, execute.MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER DONALD TRUMP ATTORNEY: he will make himself into the furor and he will make everybody raise their hand and salute him. He wants to throw everyone into Gitmo.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: No, just you.Now they're stirring it around like gumbo and saying, if you don't swallow these lies, everyone dies.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BESCHLOSS: However, this election turns out, it will be Americans were given the voluntary choice to become pawns in a dictatorship under a presidency of unimaginable brutality and violence, and all sorts of things that are as un-American as anything that we can imagine, or whether they voted against that.The Nazis and Hitler came to power under a legal system and one reason that happened was that people didn't realize that if you're voting for Hitler, this could end in the Holocaust and a defeat in World War Two.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Okay. The Democrat media industrial complex is preying on you. They don't want you to read, they don't want you to be curious. They want you stupid, scared, and oblivious. Easy marks for psyops.They don't have any faith in the people they have a social contract with. Now, a social contract is fraudulent if they don't want you to read the fine print.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAT MCAFEE, "THE PAT MCAFEE SHOW," ESPN : They're trying to make us look like (bleep). That is not the context of the entire clip. So I'm happy that we're potentially entering a time where we are going to try to gather context around things, that's good for society.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Thomas Jefferson famously said: "Nothing can now be believed, which is seen in the newspaper. So when you read the news, assume it's not true until you watch JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Michael Shellenberger is a Substack columnist. He joins me now. Do you think these hoaxes have any chance of working, Michael?MICHAEL SHELLENBERGER, AUTHOR: It's good to be with you, Jesse.You know, I don't know. But I think what's interesting about the bloodbath word is that, of course, it refers as often to political defeat. And so it's hard not to interpret what's going on here as Democrats expressing their concern that they're going to suffer a bloodbath at the ballot box in November.But I do think there's a darker side to all of this, which is that Democrats have really used, they've weaponized the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, to really gin up a phony hate crisis, a violent domestic extremism crisis as a pretext.In fact, we saw an entrapment effort by FBI with the Michigan governor fake kidnapping. We also know the January 6, that there was still a fake phony pipe bomb investigation where the Secret Service deleted all of its messages. We know that the FBI has put out a phony map about it, and that they themselves knew that those so-called pipe bombs couldn't go off.We're looking at a significant effort to really conjure a fake domestic extremism crisis. It worries me honestly, it's not so much I'm sure that people are going to fall for it that this would happen, I worry about the weaponization of America's intelligence, security and law enforcement organizations as a way to try to manipulate politics and as a way to really use those agencies to target ordinary Americans, nonviolent Americans for their political views.WATTERS: What is it about Trump that makes them so crazy, and they always went dirty with Bush or with Romney or McCain, they always do the same stuff. This is at such a higher level. Why do you think that is?SHELLENBERGER: I mean, look, I think part of it is just the reaction by progressives to Trump's working class appeal. I think there's a lot of just cultural reaction of the vulgarity. I think what really concerns me though has been the involvement of the intelligence community.You know, we reported on, I spoke to you a few weeks ago about the role of the CIA in in creating the Russia collusion hoax to investigate falsely -- to investigate and really impugn the Trump campaign. We start to see that with the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, so it's really the marriage of those two things that really has me concerned, which is that they're going to start weaponizing the federal government against the American people as a way to, you know, try to engage in politics but even more -- you see the victims of it, people being put away for really absurdly long times in jail and prison for participating in things like January 6, far longer sentences than people are getting for violent crimes in places like California, New York.WATTERS: So Mike, just the way they did Trump-Russia, is the bloodbath hoax, is the dictator on day one hoax, are those hoaxes pretexts to justify the FBI and CIA getting involved again in another election to lay traps for Trump?SHELLENBERGER: Yes, and potentially I would say also to engage in censorship. I mean, this is really bad. I mean, we saw what basically happened with the rise of the censorship industrial complex in reaction to Trump was the US intelligence community using tools that they had used to wage psychological operations abroad, turning them against the American people in a counter populist effort.Huge amounts of evidence at this point involve people at the Department of Homeland Security, British military, American military. So that's what worries me is that this is all pretext of a larger campaign to essentially turn Americans against each other and for Americans to start to see Trump supporters as a violent threat to democracy.WATTERS: It's a great point, I think it is a counter populism effort, at the behest of very powerful corporations and very powerful people.Mike, thanks, as always.Everybody go check out his Substack, it's hot.Have a great night.Well, look where we found Barack Obama.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Black voters openly revolting against the Democrats. Johnny sees it on the streets and now we're seeing it from ESPN's biggest star.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES A. SMITH, ESPN HOST: Trump is kicking the Democrats you know what. You can't touch him. And now he's thrown a salvo he said, yo, why don't you come beat me? Stop engaging in lawfare and using the legal system to push a political agenda. Come beat me.That's what he did.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, we told you how Snoop and 50 are MAGA curious, while Kanye is out choo-chooing on the Trump train. Now Kodak Black is all in.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Are you voting for Donald Trump this year?KODAK BLACK, RAPPER: Of course. We should have Donald Trump for like 20 years.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Kodak wants dictator on day one. Biden could really use Obama right now. Black America love the Messiah. But Joe and Barry don't talk much anymore.Reports say Biden talks to Bill Clinton much more than Barack. Biden is still salty that Obama tapped Hillary in '16 instead of him, so he doesn't call his old boss for advice.So where is the second Black president? Barack Hussein Obama on a world tour. Not another apology tour. This tour is about money and influence. Obama was spotted rubbing elbows with European royalty.Yesterday the 44th president was in Belgium, visiting the Laeken Castle where he met King Philippe and Princess Elisabeth. Obama always hated socializing with wealthy aristocrats whose Royal bloodlines go back centuries. He's just a poor kid from Hawaii, his birth certificate says.PRIMETIME producers discovered Barack was in Belgium for "An evening with Barack Obama." A sold out crowd packed with politicians and tech executives. What was Obama talking to them about? The dangers of artificial intelligence.The White House AI czar Kamala Harris must feel pinched knowing Barack is swerving into her lane and what is Barry talking to Belgians about AI for anyway? He couldn't even get the Obamacare website to work.There were 600,000 reasons why. OBAMA doesn't fly across the Atlantic for free. Doesn't it seem a little shallow and greedy for the former president to be galivanting on a European cash grab while democracy is under assault in America? I thought this was an all hands on deck situation?Apparently, their spare time to drink champagne with Queens, but maybe not.There was an unannounced visit to Great Britain. Suddenly, Barack Obama was seen sliding through the front door of 10 Downing Street. What was he doing dropping in on the British prime minister? The last time Obama colluded with Britain, they gave us the Russia hoax.Now on his way out, he teased reporters saying he didn't want to give away too much.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Do you have a few moments? Did you discuss Gaza?OBAMA: I'm tempted.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, the meeting lasted about an hour. They claim it was to discuss the Obama Foundation. Do you believe that? It's kind of like Bill Clinton was talking to Loretta Lynch about her grandchildren, come on.Is the Obama Foundation the same kind of deal as the Clinton Foundation? Maybe Trump's Justice Department should look into it. It's always hard to tell the difference between personal business and official business these days anyways.Lisa Boothe is a Fox News contributor. Lisa, what was that all about?LISA BOOTHE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Thank you, Watters.I don't know. Even the media seemed surprised by the meeting with UK's prime minister and there's not a lot of detail about what specifically was discussed.Of course the Prime Minister's Office said it was about the Obama Foundation. They talked a little bit about foreign policy, artificial intelligence.Allegedly, Obama was the one who requested the meeting. The last time Obama was on Downing Street was in April 2016 before Brexit and look, I mean, there is not a lot out there about the Obama Foundation. But we've seen how some of these foundations operate, right?Even liberal outlets like Vox talked about how 181 of the Clinton Foundation donors were lobbying the Hillary State Department, we've seen China money go into the Penn Biden Center.WATTERS: Of course.BOOTHE: So, I don't know. It certainly raises question.WATTERS: And I will be having a Jesse Watters Foundation eventually.BOOTHE: Well, I'd love to have one. Will you be investigated? We should do it, right?WATTERS: That's true. I'd be thrown in prison.BOOTHE: You'd be in big time trouble, Jesse.WATTERS: When you hear about Joe Biden complaining, Barack didn't think he could win, he doesn't talk to him, he talks to Bill Clinton and said, meanwhile, he's hemorrhaging the Black vote. Why isn't Barry helping him?BOOTHE: Well, so I actually think that this meeting with the Prime Minister raises questions. Did Obama run this by Biden before doing it? I mean, it certainly seems to undermine his presidency.And there's a little nugget in that AXIOS piece that's not getting discussed as much and it talks about the overlap between the Obama staff and the Biden staff. And even Obama back in 2021 told "The New York Times" that look, 90 percent of the Biden administration are my people, right? It's just a continuation of the work that he was doing.And of course, that raises questions at a time when the vast majority of Americans don't think that Biden is with it, that he has the mental faculties to be running the country. We saw how Lloyd Austin was in the hospital, didn't even tell the White House that he was in the hospital. Gavin Newsom visited the White House when Biden was in the Middle East in 2022. So who is running this White House? Is it Obama?WATTERS: So you think Obama is running Joe Biden?BOOTHE: I think -- well, I mean, look, Obama has said as much in 2021.WATTERS: Well, if he was running him, Joe wouldn't even know.BOOTHE: That sounds fair.WATTERS: That's how things are. Thank you very much. You got it down. I'm going to have to teach Gutfeld how to do it.Johnny celebrates St. Patrick's Day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, FOX NEWS MEDIA: Joe Biden always says I may be Irish, but I'm not stupid. What's the deal with that?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He may be either, he may be Scottish, he may be out of the presidency.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: TV people have big egos and no one's ego is bigger than mine and Don Lemon's. Don hasn't worked about a year after he got canned by CNN and when it came time to launch his own show on Twitter, Lemon had a list of demands. Are you ready?Don Lemon wanted Elon Musk to give him a free Tesla cybertruck, a $5 million advance, an $8 million salary, equity stake in Twitter, and the right to approve any changes in news policy at Twitter.Don Lemon must ascribe to the Michael Scott School of Thought. You miss a hundred percent of the shots you don't take.So Elon Musk did Don Lemon a favor and sat down for an interview with him to launch the partnership and Lemon didn't even last a full Scaramucci.We got our hands on the full interview and it's exactly as you'd expect.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DON LEMON, JOURNALIST: I saw the things that you post, the great replacement theory. You claim that Democrats, President Biden's immigration plan to open up the border. You said that the president is getting and Democrats are doing it, to get more votes.ELON MUSK, OWNER, X: You're conflating two things. One is great replacement theory. The other is, which I don't subscribe to that.LEMON: It's in the neo Nazi Manifesto. It's in The Turner Diaries. It is referenced by the Buffalo mass shooter in his manifesto where 10 people, Black people were murdered in Buffalo. It is the actual title of the Christchurch shooter's manifesto, 51 people in the Muslim mosque were murdered, 23 people murdered in El Paso by a shooter who used the same language that you use in that manifesto when you say Hispanic invasion.Is that not?MUSK: I didn't say a Hispanic invasion.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: What Lemon didn't realize is without the institutional backing of CNN, the audience knows you're lying. As Musk points out, you can't do that anymore.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MUSK: If I say something that isn't accurate, I'm immediately corrected on the platform. That's the advantage of a real time system like that. So there'll be a bit -- in the replies, people corrected me. There will be a community note. They will correct me, which is attached to the actual post itself.LEMON: Do you think as many people read this.MUSK: Yes.LEMON: You think as many people read that as they read your tweet?MUSK: Yes. In fact if there's a community note that happens later where somebody didn't see, but they applied to that or interacted with that post, we will notify them that there is now a community note correcting that post.Whereas if you consider conventional media, that doesn't happen. Conventional media makes false statements all the time and nobody ever hears the correction.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Don Lemon past his prime, it's too bad and now, he is on his own where his lack of talent shows.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MUSK: Well, CNN is generally considered left.LEMON: Yes. Why do you say that?MUSK: What do I say CNN is generally considered left? I think if you look at any sort of media survey of what is on the left or right. I think they'd say like, for example, Fox is on the right and CNN is on the left.LEMON: So that's what --MUSK: Am I missing something here?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, Lemon doesn't think CNN is on the left. That should kind of tell you exactly how ignorant he is.This is how Lemon spiked the football on air after Trump got banned from Twitter. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEMON: The President's Twitter feed, the one he has been permanently barred from, the one he is whining about, about how they've taken away his freedom of speech. The fact is, these are private companies. They have no obligation to have anyone on their platforms.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Now, Don is singing a different tune after Elon canceled the partnership.Adam Carolla joins us now. That was some list of demand, Adam.ADAM CAROLLA, COMEDIAN: No, I mean, yes, that Lemon has got some walnuts on that tree somewhere hanging. I like it, though. It's like me going into my boss' office and wanting to ask for a raise and then sitting down and going Herb, did you put on some weight? By the way are those your kids on that? Is that a picture of your kids? Oh, boy. I don't know if you know, I dated your wife in college. Man, was she flexible. Anyway, let's talk about vacation time.WATTERS: So do you think he didn't know that he was going to get axed from this partnership? Or was he trying to blow himself up to generate some buzz?CAROLLA: I think he is narcissistic. He's Black, and he's gay. So he probably isn't on the chopping block a lot of the time, you know, because he's a little bit of a protected species. So I think there's some of that when your career is built, at least partly on diversity. You don't really think you can get fired. So I think that had something to do with it, or it's just stupid or possibly a douche.WATTERS: I'm going to go with the latter, because just in terms of a personal relationship, if someone is doing a partnership deal with you, you don't go in there and call them a racist, propagandist and ask him about if they're addicted to drugs. That's just from a humanity perspective and something I've learned in HR over the years, Adam.CAROLLA: Well, also, you know, when he was flummoxed by the question about CNN being on the left, I think the reality is CNN and the left doesn't think there's a left. They think there's them and then a far right MAGA extremist. They're not in a category. They're not on the left because there would be left and right.They are just what the country wants what the truth is, and where else sensible people should be and then there's far right extremists so that's why I think they push back when you go, I know what your politics are, I know you're on the left. They always go whoa, whoa, whoa, we're not -- they don't know it.WATTERS: All right, but he does know one thing, he's got some big walnuts, Don Lemon, who knew? Adam Carolla, thanks as always.Everybody go check out his podcast.Meet the man protecting Philly.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: RFK, Jr. has reportedly picked his running mate and it's not Aaron Rodgers. Kennedy is looking at Nicole Shanahan. She's a lawyer, an entrepreneur and the ex-wife of one of Google's co-founders. She's a Democrat donor with a lot of money. She's funded Marianne Williamson, Pete Buttigieg, and even the Biden campaign. She also paid $4 million to air RFK, Jr.'s commercial during the Super Bowl.Kennedy could really use her cash right now. I mean, he's in a big fight to get in the ballot in all of these states and that's an expensive process.Now if RFK gets an on every ballot, Biden is in trouble. He is toast because polls show that when Kennedy is an option, Trump wins by an even larger margin, and Kennedy is going to announce officially his VP next week in Oakland, which just so happens to be Shanahan's hometown. Coincidence? We'll find out on the 26th.On 1776, our founding fathers drew up the blueprints of America in Philadelphia's Independence Hall. The following year, Betsy Ross stitched together the first version of Old Glory in her house on Arch Street, I used to live right next door, you can still visit it, Betsy's house, not mine. Two hundred years later, Rocky charged up the iconic stairs of the Philadelphia Museum of Art before fighting Apollo Creed.But there's nothing sunny about Philadelphia these days.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: The City of Brotherly Love looks more like a warzone and now, the crime surge bleeding into the suburbs.Over the weekend, a man went on a murder spree all across Bucks County, prompting a massive manhunt putting the town under a Shelter In Place Order.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FOX 29 REPORTER: Stolen vehicle and armed with an assault rifle, Falls Township police say Andre Gordon first went to Viewpoint Lane in Levittown just before 9:00 AM shooting and killing two family members. The 26-year- old went to a second address on Edgewood Lane forcibly breaking in and killing 25-year-old Taylor Daniel, the mother of his two children who authorities say we're also inside the home.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Two women, and a 14-year-old girl murdered in cold blood inside their homes. Then the accused gunman stole a second car and drove to Trenton where he broke into a family's home and barricaded himself inside.This comes a week after a couple of teenagers shot up a bus stop seriously wounding eight students. The new mayor seems to be taking a tougher stance on crime. But this problem can't be fixed on the streets alone. It has got to be addressed in the home.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDRE BOYER, AGENT FOR THE STRATEGIC INTERVENTION TACTICAL ENFORCEMENT: I say this to the parents, go in your children's room, tear it apart and find that gun. Because when they kill somebody that's on you.You can't say well, my child -- you know what your children are doing. It is your job. That's your house. You own it. You are the commander-in-chief in that house.Either you bury your child or you're going up to prison every month visiting your child.It takes a community to stop this. It is not just the police department.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Andre Boyer is an agent with the group SITE and he joins me now.Andre, what kind of preemptive action are you demanding that parents take in order to stop this crime?Can you hear me? I don't know if you can hear me. We're going to get back to Andre Boyer momentarily because he's got a real lesson and I talk about it in my book, "Get It Together," which is out tomorrow. More on that later.PRIMETIME just found Leticia James.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: Attorney General --LETITIA JAMES, NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yes.BELISARIO: Donald Trump wishes you a Happy St. Patrick's Day.JAMES: I wish him a Happy St. Patrick's Day, too.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Andre Boyer is an agent with a group SITE and he joins us again. Our apologies for the technical difficulties.Andre, what is your message for parents?BOYER: Jesse, here in Philadelphia, first I want to say this. I love our mayor, Mayor Parker and I love our commissioner. They've only been in the job two-and-a-half months and they have done more than the previous mayor has done in the last eight years he was in charge. That is awesome. That things that they are doing now.Now what's going on in Philadelphia, I say parents and the citizens of Philadelphia, stop relying on the police commissioner to solve your gun problems. Stop relying on the mayor to handle your gun problems.Parents, you know what you have to do? Go in your children's rooms. Tear it apart. These guys are not in the school locker. These guns are not hidden under a brick. They're in your houses. They're in your houses.You are the guardian of your castle. Go through your child's room, you'll find a gun, pick up the phone, call 911 and have the guns taken out of your house.If you don't, you are going to be burying your child because I can tell you this right now, the city of Philadelphia, it is really the city of killadelphia. And I'm sorry to call it that, but that is what it is.You've had a couple of -- just what it was -- not even two weeks ago, 40 rounds at a bus stop. And in the last four days, a bus stop has been -- a separate bus stop has been shot up.Just yesterday, a McDonald's with Torresdale Ave was robbed at gunpoint. We have to do something. Enough is enough. And you can't rely on city council, the mayor and the commissioner. They cannot do it alone.Parents, it is your responsibility. That is your child. That is your child. That is your house. It is your responsibility to stand up and check your children and check your rooms, because these guns are in that house.I want the citizens, the young people to say, hey, we've got to stop. Enough is enough. But it takes more than just the police department. They can't do it alone.WATTERS: You're right.BOYER: It takes more than the mayor and her resources. It takes the citizens, the people must do their part, too.WATTERS: That's right. It's a call to arms.Andre, thanks for conveying that message. This falls squarely on the shoulders of the parents. There's no doubt about that.Keep up the good work.BOYER: No doubt about it, Jesse, it does.WATTERS: Thanks for everything you're doing in Philadelphia. We love it.Now this weekend, Manhattan was filled with green, smelled like beer and people were out celebrating Joe Biden's favorite holiday, St. Patrick's Day.So Johnny, who claims he's part Irish marched.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: Happy St. Patty's Day.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Happy St. Patrick's Day. Let's go.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Happy St. Patty's Day.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Top of the afternoon to you, mi lad.BELISARIO: What does it mean to be Irish to you?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Corned beef, cabbage, and all of that.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It means to be drunk.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Being great. It's the best (bleep) thing ever.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know I'm African-American. But I am Irish today.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BIDEN: Being Irish is -- is enough.BELISARIO: Donald Trump wishes you a Happy St. Patrick's Day.JAMES: I wish him a Happy St. Patrick's Day, too.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: I didn't expect that reaction, but that's okay.BELISARIO: The Irish are always saying kiss me, I'm Irish. What does that mean?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know. Kiss me, I'm black.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It works for my wife.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Irish people are the best kissers I've heard. Because I am one. So -- and I'm amazing at it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know, but you -- if you kiss me, I'll slap you.BELISARIO: I'm not planning on it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why not kiss me, I'm Italian. Kiss me, I'm Spanish.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)ANDREW CUOMO, FORMER NEW YORK STATE GOVERNOR: I do it with everyone.BELISARIO: Joe Biden, he is our big Irish president. What message do you want to send to him on St. Patty's Day?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What the hell are you thinking? Really? What are you thinking? Are you even thinking?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Let's go Brandon.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He thinks it's a Fourth of July.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Joe Biden cut some taxes. I need a break.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get out of office, you bozo.("LATE NIGHT WITH SETH MEYERS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)SETH MEYERS, "LATE NIGHT WITH SETH MEYERS" HOST: He's leaving. He's going to go.Belie What would you say is the most Irish thing about Joe Biden?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: His Irish blood.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That he can't remember anything. And Irish people drink a lot so they probably can't remember much either.("THE SIMPSONS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HOMER SIMPSON, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: It's been St. Patrick's Day for hours and I'm still not drunk yet.BELISARIO: Corned beef and cabbage are pretty expensive this year, huh?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Uh-huh.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Inflation. Prices.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Every damn thing is expensive today.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have to eat 99 cent pizza instead.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BELISARIO: How would Irish straighten this country out?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Leave them in a bar for about six hours and come back. I'll tell you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: A couple of fists and a couple of beers.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Provide more alcohol to the people.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)DR. JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES: If you have any good suggestions, will you just text them to me?BELISARIO: Joe Biden, he loves to say I may be Irish but I'm not stupid.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BIDEN: I maybe Irish but I'm not stupid.BELISARIO: What in the world does he mean by that?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Not feeling it.BELISARIO: No.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's not America.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Bad message for a damn president. So we've got to get him out of office. Get him out. Irish people aren't stupid.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He may be Irish. He may be Scottish. He may -- he may be out of the presidency.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: Joe, you're fired. Get out. Get out, Joe. You're fired.BELISARIO: By the way, why do we celebrate St. Patrick's Day?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Ummm.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Like, I don't know. You're asking the wrong person here.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You're -- I don't know.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: I don't remember.WATTERS: You're going to be on JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME. He's an Irish guy. What do you want to tell him?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I love you. I think I love you, Jesse.GROUP: Happy St. Patrick's Day.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I hope everyone gets really (bleep) up. I hope you have a great time. And honestly, God Bless America.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It's Christmas Eve. You know what that means? Because tomorrow my book is coming out. Live signing tomorrow 12:45 PM Eastern with Dana Perino. So if you go to JesseSignBook.com, JesseSignBook.com, you can buy a copy, it'll be signed, and then you can be a part of the live signing.Tonight, I'm going to stay after hours. I'll be on "Hannity." And then tomorrow morning I'll be on "Fox and Friends." You're going to get sick of me.Let's do some texts.Brian from Georgia: If the big guy falls down in those special shoes, it's going to be a political bloodbath for Democrats.Tony from Brick, New Jersey: I wear Hokas but I never got lost on the porch.Patty from Red Bank, New Jersey: Did Johnny give you a list of demands?Man, the walnuts on Johnny. You have no idea.DVR the show and always remember, I'm Watters and this is my world.