SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: That means, we will see trillions of cicadas come to the surface. That didn't happen since 1803, Thomas Jefferson was President. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld put a smile on your face.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes, indeed. Happy Monday, everybody. Stop it. OK. A United flight out of Germany, bound for San Francisco, was forced to turn around after feces flowed into the cabin, which was unfair to the feces, it had bought a ticket to see his family in San Francisco. Came from Germany.The White House warned that sticky fingered reporters are stealing items from Air Force One. Hey, leave me out of this, says, one man. Remember him? (BEEP) A new study finds that 40 percent of adults will go days without face-to-face interaction. I should be so lucky. For me, it's 100 percent face to (BEEP). Thank God, you found the pictures of us clothed.Lizzo announced, she's quitting the music business because she's tired of being dragged by everyone in her life and on the Internet. She says, she plans to spend more time with her fridge. The good news is, her doctor says, walking away from the music industry will be the most exercise she's had in years.It is intriguing that her announcement to keep a low profile comes just days before a solar eclipse. Coincidence, or just lame. Just before the start of an NCAA, women's basketball game this weekend, officials discovered that the three-point lines weren't the same distance on both sides of the courts. Fans were outraged that the game postponed their flea market, to good joke.A new survey finds that half of senior congressional staffers are considering quitting their jobs. Staffers say, the environment's so toxic, they can't find a quiet place to film themselves having (BEEP). Mortgage just looked up. Economists are cautioned, consumers who are upset over higher prices that things costing more is a good sign for the economy, plus, they add that rising formula prices mean babies are slimmer than ever. Look at those babies abs.A Wall Street Journal report says that living in a van is more difficult than expected. Well, I could have told you that. On this day, in 1889, the first dishwasher was marketed in Chicago. It came with two movable arms, a cloth covering and a cheerful demeanor.All right. When protesting isn't fun, they call 911. Remember last week, when we covered the greatest story there ever was, and perhaps will ever be, well, it's time once again for --Yeah. See, what's a campus emergency to end all campus emergencies. During yet another protest against Israel, a woman had to change her tampon. So, her friend called 911.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah, there's a currently a female student who's been denied the right to change her tampon that has been in for multiple hours, which leads to an increased risk of toxic shock syndrome. So, while you're saying --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (Foreign Language)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Then you should understand. OK. What you're not hearing -- what you're not hearing is that, if she stands up to use the restroom to change her tampon, they are threatened arrest, so it is not an option for her.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Ma'am, you have an emergency.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, ma'am. I do.That is an emergency.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know, if you have an emergency. No, not your friend that's inside. Do you have an emergency?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That is my emergency?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah. I don't -- I don't remember the time that I needed to have an emergency personally to call 911 for help.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm sorry, what?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't remember a time when it has to be a personal emergency for me to call 911 for help. I am requesting assistance, medical urgent assistance.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Oh, man. That was over a tampon. But, I'm sure for them that time of the month is every day of the month. Look, I'm happy to send maxi pads to soak up their tears. But this is hardly the stuff of Nelson Mandela. Somehow they're cool with bloodshed by Hamas terrorists, but an unexpected visit from Aunt Flow has some screaming bloody murdy -- murder. Here was our reaction to the original story.The people who want to defend the police, call the police over a tampon. But this is not the first-time protesters made us think of feminine products. Usually, they always act like douchebags. But she chooses to waste the City's resources and call 911 over a damn tampon. She should have just have called me, I know people, I could have -- I could have pulled some strings.The jokes write themselves because the protesters are jokes themselves. Now, because we're major news show, covering the important stories, we're going to bring you an update, some of the students involved got arrested and held a press over the next day. Check out this chubby chucklehead.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I was one of the few students who was arrested last night inside Kirkland Hall. I just want to really quickly kind of share my experiences and compare them to what I experienced last night. Again, as people have said, for 21 hours, we were deprived of medical attention.We were deprived of sleep, we were deprived of food, water resources. And at 5:30 in the morning, I got a pat on my back. I was told to stand up. I was handcuffed and I was escorted out of my own University. I was not told where I was going. I was not being told -- I was not told what I was being charged with. It's disgusting. But this is how they treat student protesters on this campus.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In jail, I experienced better conditions than a Vanderbilt University. I had access to water, I had access to a bathroom, I had access to my friends and the ability to rest. How dare this University deprive us of basic humanity. We demand that Vanderbilt reinstate the referendum. That they drop all charges against students that were filed under false pretenses. That they drop the suspensions and harassment from administration. And that they issue an immediate apology to what we experienced over the last 24 hours, because enough is enough.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: You get the feeling that tampon was actually for that guy. I mean, it did look a little bloated. And you know, if it is your time of the month, dude, maybe don't plan on risking jail. Instead, try the red roof in. Nope, nope. But let's recount the facts. According to the reporting, they trespassed in a building and assaulted a guard, put staffers who offered to meet with them.Then they sat down, refused to leave. So, (BEEP), how do you think an act of uncivil disobedience ends with, mommy coming to tuck you in. Getting arrested is the idea. That's the part where you sing, We Shall Overcome, not We Shall Overflow. That's not bravery. That's a tantrum. And I hope potential employers take note. Look at it you, Starbucks. Now, here's a perfect tell from one of the other intrepid freedom fighters in this theater of the absurd.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In essence, they tried to break us. They tried to break our bodies. They tried to break our spirits. They're not going to manage it because they all think as individuals, and we're thinking as a collective.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yeah, a collective pile of (BEEP). I got news for you beanpole, you're not thinking at all, collective thinking is for insects (ph) commies in The View. And if you personally need something to think about, I'd recommend protein shakes and bench presses. But does this soy boy even realize he just admitted that they're all a bunch of mindless automatons who can't think for themselves, who are just engaging in a risk-free hobby that they think makes them relevant? Here's a few more privileged robots from the collective. Yesterday, at St. Patrick's Cathedral, a group of protesters, at least one in a Palestinian scarf, disrupted Easter mass.(VIDEO PLAYING)GUTFELD: Yeah. That's a priest who can play on my pickleball team any day. What better way to honor the Patron Saint of the Irish than kick in the (BEEP) of uppity strangers. Now, the reason -- the reasons these buffoons could do this, is that not only will they suffer no consequences, they also don't have to deal with the actual issues. They have the luxury of distance and ignorance, with beliefs propped up by an enabling system they hate.Last time I checked St. Patricks didn't sit on the West Bank. But this comes down to luxury beliefs, beliefs held by white libs whose everyday material needs are taken care of, and believe that they should be catered to like their emotional physical invalids. And when they protest, they are far removed from whatever cause of the day they actually embrace. These ego-driven dopes couldn't find Gaza on a map of Gaza, if you showed them Gaza on a map.So, let me address them directly. Children, nobody in Hamas or even Gaza, for that matter, knows who you are, or gives half a crap. In fact, none of this silly chants and slogans you use against America here are ever uttered in Gaza. The Gazans are not worried about Vanderbilt's investments. There's no social protest movement in Gaza. They hate you too.And terrorist groups are not big on the First Amendment. If you tried social protests in a place ruled by Hamas, you'd probably look at October 7 a bit differently. And another thing Hamas is probably not big on, freedoms, like women's rights, tried disrupting mosques services in Gaza. I'm pretty sure there are no tampon dispensers in the ladies, or the men's rooms, either.Of course, whatever charges those students will face will likely earn a slap on the wrist of those frail as they are, that might be fatal. But really, the fall here lies with more than just social justice (BEEP), you don't realize they become a parody of themselves. It's our system. We reward this.Since Vanderbilt costs about 60 grand a year and is ranked as a Top 20 school, those are our elites, our future leaders. In just a few years, they'll be running things, which is when their luxury beliefs, untethered to the realities that make them possible, will threaten every heart one freedom the rest of us have, like public safety, the border, a neutral media, a legal system. So, are they funny? Sure. But maybe not so much, because there's a lot more at stake here than tampons. Period.Let's welcome tonight's guests. He looks like Mr. Clean after a car accident; comedian Jim Norton. As a former Miss Florida Citrus, she's curvy and prevented scurvy, both through the Morgan Ortagus Show on Sirius XM, Morgan Ortagus. She's celebrated Easter by hanging with her peace (ph); New York Times bestselling author (inaudible) Kat Timpf. And he's got weird life records and can open any jar of pickles; New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus.Jim, I know you're a compassionate person. You're concerned about today's issues, and I admire that, but imagine be -- being the parents of that brat.JIM NORTON, COMEDIAN: Well, Greg, I don't like to see those brave warrior's reputations spoiled. He stood up there. And I can't even pretend to defend him. It's so -- it's so funny how mealy, they're -- just their children LARPing as adults using pseudo-therapeutic language, just trying -- there's no passion behind it. They're just -- they're joiners.They just want to belong. It's like 50 years ago, it was one, two, three, four, we don't want your war. And now it's -- we were denied water and resources. (LAUGHTER) They're not sincere.GUTFELD: Yeah.NORTON: They're not sincere at all. I mean, you know, when you say what you want at the 60s, but at least they believed what they were saying. They're just kind of LARPing. And I think it's cute. I think we should encourage it. I think watching the kids act in a play is adorable.GUTFELD: That is a perfect analogy because part of me, Morgan, it says, I can't stand these people, but I also love watching it.MORGAN ORTAGUS, FORMER SPOKESPERSON, UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF STATE: I would just like to apologize to Xi Jinping and the Chinese Communist Party for everything that I've said over the last 10 years because you were right, because of those videos. But here's the crazy thing. So, we're making fun of them.And you know, they're talking about how they were denied access to change their tampon. Next week in The Washington Post, this will turn into a story where they're talking about how Israel is preventing feminine products from getting to Gazan women. And within two or three weeks, Biden's going to be air-dropping tampons into Gaza because of the story. You just watch.GUTFELD: I hope so, Kat.ORTAGUS: I was -- oh.GUTFELD: Oh, what -- what were you going to say?ORTAGUS: I was just going to say one small thing about Vanderbilt. The next day after all of this happened, I hosted the Israeli Ambassador on Thursday. It didn't get any press because no one whined about their tampons. But Vanderbilt is a great University, and they did host the Israeli Ambassador the next day.GUTFELD: Oh, well, that's nice. Kat?ORTAGUS: Thank you.GUTFELD: Did you host any Ambassador? I don't think so.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I'm just confused a little bit. This is my second time talking about this now, but --GUTFELDL: Yeah.TIMPF: Do these students not know -- it's not just like a special thing about Vanderbilt that you can't just like rush in and change your tampon, like a lot of buildings are like that. Like most of them are, I don't know where the right to change it, like, you literally -- you can't like go into like a Subway sandwich shop, and you have to like buy a sandwich.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: I don't know where that came from to actually call the police. I can't change my tampon here. Like, there's a lot of places I can't change my tampon. And that's just part of life.GUTFELD: Yeah. That's true. And it's part of being a woman. God bless women. All right, Tyrus, round it out for us. You know, do you think these protesters -- these protesters will have a great story to tell their children? Or will they never get laid and have children?TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, you're late, but the problem is, they'll get triggered before, you know, they finish.ORTAGUS: Oh, god.TYRUS: So, you just can't right now. 911. She made my happy place weird. Send help now.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: You know, what bothers me is, if we were protesting, and Greg needed to change his tampons, we would form a protective circle like muskox --GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: -- facing our enemy, where Greg could do the bait and switch.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: I would probably, because you know, Mom made us peanut butter and jellies earlier or when I ate mine already, obviously, and then I would have gave him the ziplock, and you could have put it in there. And then, you could have said that we could have continued on. Now see, I have never used the tampon other than that time I had a bloody nose when I was a kid, my mom popped it in there and pulled it up, not a drop.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: I had a white t-shirt on, not a drop. Phenomenal. There's other uses for them other than --GUTFELD: Exactly.TYRUS: -- what they're supposed to be used for. But the point is, we're clever enough to figure out a way to get Greg to switch in and out, so he won't get the toxic --GUTFELD: Shock syndrome.TYRUS: -- shock syndrome. They couldn't figure that out to the point where they complained about, if you're going to protest, plan for the day.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: You know, backpack it up, maybe some water.GUTFELD: Snacks.TYRUS: Tampons and pads.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: You never know the situation. Fellas, if your girlfriend's out there, carry on with you (inaudible). Bam, I'm here going with you, put them behind it here. (inaudible)GUTFELD: See? Oh, you're going to love this. Up next, a card from a stranger, will it save you from danger?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If you'll be in the New York area with like tickets to see gut belt, go to foxnews.com/gutfeld, and click on the link to join our studio audience.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So many more people know it through the myth than through the reality. A Los Angeles Judge sentenced each brother to two consecutive life terms.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There is real suffering at the heart of this story. It just goes round and round.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh my god. This has raised --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A number of people understand that if these were the Menendez sisters, they would not be in custody right now.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: How could these people be killed by their own children.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: If you're beaten and scarred, pick a card, any card. Our video the day is from a City in decay. San Francisco's transportation system aka BART, oh, I took that every day, it's a promoting bystander intervention cards to help riders report harassment and feel safe on public transit. Roll it, skip.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hello. We're two college students who are BART riders.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And safety is really important to us. So, we're going to go ask for BART bystander intervention cards. Hello. Excuse me, will we be able to have some bystander intervention cards, please?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah, sure. Hang on.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you so much.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you. So, this card over here is for, when you're being harassed, it says, you got me. So, you'd hand it to somebody else. And it gives them instructions on how they can help you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If you see someone being harassed, you can also give them this, I got you card, which gives them instructions on the back to find the BART police, or call someone or more instructions on how to be safe.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I really appreciate these cards because they gave me a concrete way to deal with an unsafe situation. I'm not very equipped to deal with them on my own. And so, these cards give me a sense of community and a sense of support.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It just gives a very easy way to either help someone or to ask for help without having to do much. If everyone has one, then, we'll just be able to support each other so much better and feel safer.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Yeah. As a bonus, if you and your victim card get punched 10 times, you receive a free ice cream sundae. The cards are also laminated, so they can easily be wiped clean of bloodstains and bodily fluids. And on the back it reads my condolences, which can be handed to your next of kin. BART official say, it's not a perfect solution and warn commuters that if they drop their cards while getting stabbed, they'll be charged with littering. So, Morgan, here's a closer look at the cards. Can we put them up there? It's pretty amazing. So, they're doing this because crime and open drug use are up, and ridership is down. They think these cards will make a difference. What say you?ORTAGUS: I hate this generation so much. And it's just like, ridiculous. I -- you know, here's an idea, if you want to keep people safe, how about funding the police and making the subway -- Greg, just a thought, just a thought.GUTFELD: That's so ridiculous. If you fund the police, the police might hurt somebody. These cards -- that these cards, Tyrus, will create a sense of community and support. I don't want to punch anybody.TYRUS: Yeah. To be honest, there's not enough a week in California for this one. So, basically, our transportation systems in San Francisco are really bad soccer games. You're going to yellow card, the guy assaulting you, though, we're doing. Card, sir. That card is going to end up being a tampon, right.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: It's not the kids. We got to stop blaming the kids. These are grown adults. These are Gen Xers that came up with these ideas. I'm starting to think, they care so little about this age group that were saying, yeah, you know, what you guys should do? Next time you're getting assaulted, hand person next to you videotaping you, a card.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: You got me? Oh, I got you. You look great. (LAUGHTER) This is terrible. This is -- this -- I don't know, unless you got to put something like some kind of -- to distract the attacker, to the cause of a quick moving popup or something like --GUTFELD: Or maybe a rape whistle, something that is useful. Kat, what if -- what if some -- what would you do if somebody handed you a card?TIMPF: Keep it moving. If I'm on the train, someone tries to hand me something, it's just instinct, you're going to keep walking, right. No -- that's -- that's just how it is. I don't think anyone would have any use for this except for me, men will use it to try to pick up women.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: They'll be like -- they'll have, oh, I got you. Are you -- do you need help? And it -- but really, yeah, he's just trying to pick up the girl.TYRUS: You just blew the lid off this. This is the worst greatest idea. A man no longer has to yell.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: The bad crazy guy. He just hands you a card. I got you.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: And then, while you're terrorized, he goes, you got me. Like that's -- that's what that is. It's blunt.GUTFELD: Jim. This could be an answer for perverts like you.NORTON: Yeah, that'd be like what's on the card? And I'm like, Oh, it slipped.GUTFELD: They are just -- they're not having it tonight, Jim.NORTON: Hair trigger. No, this is -- this is a culture that doesn't know how to communicate anymore. See, everything is Twitter and everything is written and everything is just kind of, stare straight ahead with truth, spit it on the corner of their mouth. And so, instead of just saying, hey, you all right, or we're standing next to somebody, it's, I'll do it in writing. It's absolute -- can you imagine how different Bernard gets his life would have been? Instead of a gun if he pulled out a card that said, go fish.GUTFELD: Yes.NORTON: Or the cops on arrest people that just hand you a card, you go to jail, do not pass go (inaudible). It's just an idiot -- it's kind of a dystopian thing. It's really creepy that anybody thinking would actually go, yeah, this is an idea that's going to help somebody when they're being assaulted or attacked.GUTFELD: That -- when you sit dystopian, that is the description of that video because of the music that was like very, like, almost like play date. You, Jack. And they're like, dude, these those kids wouldn't last in his Subway.NORTON: I thought it was fake. I watched that video. Oh my god, this is a great parody of an absolutely asinine program. And then when they finished it, I was like, Oh, God, they meant every word of that. And I thought it was a sarcastic parody.GUTFELD: Yes. And also, you know what? The prom with the card, I don't think -- was it only in English?TIMPF: Shame.GUTFELD: Shame. Shame. Shame on you for clapping, me yelling shame. I think I've discovered a new way to get applause, shouting shame.NORTON: There's no way I can finish when I have (BEEP). Shame.GUTFELD: Excellent. All right. Up next, have staffers had their fill? BS on Capitol Hill.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Goodbye. Congressional staffers are quitting.All right, Tyrus, according to a new Capitol Hill survey -- my favorite kind, by the way -- nearly half of those senior aides believe -- or will want to quit because of the toxic partisan environment. Does this bother you?TYRUS: Yes, because it doesn't make any sense. If you're the senior staffer, you're only working for one person, so it's not really partisan. It's just -- everyone is too afraid to say they don't like the boss anymore. Everyone hates them. It used to be like, what was Al Bundy all about? Now you hate your job you have to send secret blogs, like I'm about to quit. But you didn't quit. So shut up. And go to work like the rest of us.(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: They say all this stuff that's so partisan, it's so hard, you're collecting the check. And chances are the guy you are working for is 30 years passed his prime, so you get to vote, you get to play leader. I mean, right now we have a senior sapling president.GUTFELD: That's true.TYRUS: So it's never been a better time to be a senior staffer.GUTFELD: Kat, what you think? Is a downside to this? I don't feel like there's a downside.TIMPF: Well, I feel like some of these people might have thought that they could get an politics to make it might make a difference.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I don't think that happens anymore. I think that all these people they work for, we watch all these hearings when it's all just, like, it's people just showboating around trying to get a viral clip. I think all politicians do all day long is tweet at each other.GUTFELD: Yes, it's true.TIMPF: So it's all about trying to go viral and get the attention. Nobody really wants to solve problems anymore. They'd rather exploit the problems for their own gain. So I feel like if you're somebody that somehow didn't know this before you entered politics, you would probably be feeling very aggressively disillusioned.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true.I'm going to go back to you, Jim.NORTON: Thank you, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes. Could you imagine working for the government at this point, with everything that we've learned? I feel like -- I feel like Trump broke a lot of things. I think like he broke the government.NORTON: Yes, I could imagine myself working for the government. I'm incompetent and I like hookers.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: but I think one of the things they said was that the amount of toxicity of people just saying awful things to each other all day. And it's like everybody is just 100 percent bent on breaking the other person. Again, there is no working together, there's no hey, let's fix -- so it's just a hateful, disgusting environment, people that don't want to get out. Can you imagine being around Nancy Pelosi for 20 years, or any of them, 20 years?GUTFELD: You know what's funny, when I see the old politicians I can smell them.NORTON: Yes.GUTFELD: You ever get like, when you're watching, you go I can smell Gerald Nadler, I can smell -- I can smell him. That's the only one I can come up with. And Nancy.NORTON: They smell like DESITIN and Efferdent.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: DESITIN and Efferdent. I haven't thought of DESITIN in ages.TYRUS: Why would you? You're not a parent.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true.TYRUS: It's for diaper rash. What the hell?GUTFELD: I bought it by accident one day. I did.NORTON: You what?GUTFELD: I bought it by accident one day. I thought it was for something else.NORTON: Toothpaste.GUTFELD: Let's just say I thought it was toothpaste.Morgan?ORTAGUS: Yes?It's also in D.C., the worst -- probably one of the worst cities in the country. So you go there, you can't afford to live there. You work for basically what is called a corrupt company in D.C. You worked in D.C.ORTAGUS: I did. Well, on the Hill they actually get paid quite well. So the chief of staff makes, most of them make $178,000 a year. The chief policy guys or women can make $160,000 a year. They also get their student loans paid off. And when Nancy Pelosi was in control of the House during COVID, she tried to actually sneak in a provision that they would get free Peloton subscriptions.GUTFELD: That's right.ORTAGUS: Yes. You remember that.GUTFELD: Yes.ORTAGUS: So it is a, yes, you have to deal with a lot. But I think $178,000 to deal with a dysfunctional Congress, that's a lot of money. I don't know that I'm shedding a lot of tears for them.GUTFELD: I think this might be the solution to shrinking the government is just making the government inhospitable, right? Go get a better job, go do something else. It will help us out. You could do this -- you could do the government part-time. That's how they used to do it.ORTAGUS: But they are doing a part-time. There's like 30 percent of the federal workforce in D.C. shows up to work every day. They are doing it part-time.NORTON: You also can't get away with anything anymore. So it's like the great perks of working for a Congressman or something like that, none of it. It's all on record, everything is traceable, so there's not even any great perks anymore.GUTFELD: You can't even drive a car off a bridge anymore. That's what you mean.NORTON: Yes.GUTFELD: It's true. I ended it on a somber note.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: Yes. Attaboy, Greg.GUTFELD: Shame.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: She danced all over the place with a diaper on her face.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We've got another clip of you. It's Video of the Day Part Two.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: That is the most seductive intro, Gene. Our second video of the day comes from Taylor Lorenz at the Pornhub Awards. You remember Taylor, she's the goofball "WaPo" journalist -- "Washington Post" -- who infamously doxed the Libs of TikTok account. There she is -- here she is, anyway, dancing like an idiot at the porn awards in a COVID mask.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(MUSIC)(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I give her credit for wearing the mask. Her stupidity can be contagious. And in case you're not aware, Pornhub is a hardcore pornographic website that millions of men pretend not to know about.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, I've got no problem with her being at the Pornhub awards. Who gives a damn? I don't care. She's wearing a mask. Is that sending a positive or negative message?TIMPF: Oh, man. I think it's -- look, if she wants to wear a mask, go ahead. I just find it interesting that she doesn't seem to be worried about or need to worry about people being around her anyway.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: She's dancing completely by herself. And then she goes up to someone else. If I see someone with a mask on, usually I'm like, they must be really sick. And I don't know. But if that's what makes you happy, you want to wear your mask, that's great. But did she wear it the whole time? I really, I wonder if she wore it the whole time.GUTFELD: She wears it wherever she goes, including a place where there are adult films, which I think is deeply offensive to the adult film stars. They're already objectified enough. They're just pieces of meat, Jim. You often pay women to wear masks and dance in front of you.NORTON: And yes, and they pay me more to put one on myself.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Have you ever been to these awards? I mean, this is new Pornhub, but --NORTON: Not the Pornhub. First of all, if you're going to wear a mask, make a ball gag.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: I hosted the porn awards twice. I've hosted it in January of 04 and I think in 07. They were really, really marvelous experiences, much bigger then than they are now. Now it's all online stuff.GUTFELD: Yes. Everybody is dead.NORTON: Yes, that would be it. A lot of people are dead. But porn get a bad rap. It's not bad. I've been watching it since I was five. I'm fine.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Oh, my god. Morgan, shouldn't she be wearing a hazmat suit?(LAUGHTER)ORTAGUS: I'm just curious what it's like to go to the Pornhub conference and be the only person who doesn't get laid. I mean --NORTON: I can help you. I can tell you.(LAUGHTER)ORTAGUS: There's a lot of whores at the Pornhub conference, but she's the only attention whore, and that's for sure.GUTFELD: Yes. You know what's funny? It's kind of funny because she --ORTAGUS: That was good.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Shame. She still has less of a moral compass than pornographers.TYRUS: I'm sorry, man, but if you're wearing a mask at a porn party, man, there's other -- you should be more worried about catching. You know what I'm saying? You put the mask somewhere else, man, because you might be a little safer.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: But then again, as Kat pointed out, she couldn't give it away. She was literally at a porn party standing with sequins on, and nobody cared. As a guy, you would not dance. At some point somebody would be like, Tyrus, no on -- you need to go.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: It's a thing now. Everyone is pointing at you. He's being -- maybe she was triggered. Maybe her dancing was her --GUTFELD: You know, when somebody put on a mask when they're dancing, they don't look like she's dancing. It looks like she's prowling. She is, like, she's coming up, prowling around.TYRUS: Maybe she was trying to show them some new character she was working on.GUTFELD: I don't know.TYRUS: The masked dancer.GUTFELD: Yes. And all you see, Kat, or her crazy eyes.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Look, maybe that's one for her.GUTFELD: Yes. Maybe it is. Maybe it is. And who am I to deny somebody else's fun?TYRUS: I think that's the problem, Greg. No one likes her. We can't even make jokes about her. Nobody wants to be associated with a good joke with her because then she's going to come e-mail you or find you on Twitter and then you're going to have to talk about it with a team of scientists. Let her dance by herself at the porn party, and the rest of us move on.GUTFELD: Yes, yes, yes.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Perhaps Billy Idol had it correct the entire time. Makes you think, doesn't it?NORTON: I hosted twice, and I presented an award once, and I did not get laid at all.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: Nothing. I was around 1,000 porn stars and I struck out. I just went back to my room and watched them on my laptop.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Up next, reporters think it's fun to steal from Air Force One.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Five more words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five more words -- reporters loot Air Force One. Morgan, apparently White House reporters have been stealing stuff from Air Force One, like plates and glassware, pillow cases, as souvenirs. You've ridden Air Force One, correct?ORTAGUS: Yes.GUTFELD: Did you steal.ORTAGUS: I don't know if it's -- OK I took a lot of the M&Ms and a lot of the candy. I did not steal a plate. I did see -- lets see, I won't say this person's name, but someone recently fired from NBC news stole a pillow in front of me off of Air Force One. I thought that was pretty ballsy. I wish that I had done that. But again, I still am like --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Who got fired for NBC?TYRUS: She worked there for, like, six minutes, Greg.GUTFELD: You mean Brian Williams?TYRUS: No.TIMPF: Ronna McDaniel.GUTFELD: Who, who?TYRUS: She had the fastest job.TIMPF: Ronna McDaniel, right?GUTFELD: Oh, Ronna McDaniel.ORTAGUS: I thought that it was funny. It's fine. I've taken the little champagne that has the presidential seal on it, but this is all stuff that you're allowed to have.TIMPF: Remind me to never steal in front of Morgan.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: Law and order every time.GUTFELD: Tyrus, it's hard to resist. It's not every day you see the presidential seal on an adult diaper.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: That is not what this is about. Everybody wants to get a piece of something to say that they were there, because they're going to sell them - - off. I would be grabbing everything in that White House to prove that I - - this is going to be worth so much money. This dude is crazy, all this stuff is going to come out. Everyone will want stuff. Probably tell him because he won't remember, will you sign this for me here, Mr. President? Just keep loading up, have a hell of a yard sale.GUTFELD: Where do they think they are, Jimmy, Walgreens?(LAUGHTER)NORTON: It's hard not to steal.GUTFELD: Yes. You must have taken mementos.NORTON: I've taken mementos from Continental, I've taken them from United, I've taken them from U.S. Air. Every airline that is no longer around except United. But yes, if I was on Air Force One I would steal everything. It's fun -- stolen girls' hearts. It's just kind of fun to take -- tough room tonight.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It is a tough room. I once took a door from Boeing.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: I thought that joke would've died.NORTON: It was a great joke after my unfunny little thing that -- that was a relief that anybody said something other than me.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, you don't strike me as somebody who was still something.TIMPF: No, but does it even count as stealing if you can walk off with a pillow and no one says anything to you? You can't do that at my apartment.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: And my security is a lot less. Like, if somebody tried to leave my apartment when -- what do you think you're doing?GUTFELD: Why would you take a pillow?ORTAGUS: Because it has the presidential seal on it.GUTFELD: It's just kind of creepy.TYRUS: I don't want to fly on Air Force One anyways, but maybe they'd give you a cool pair of wings with the presidential seal on it?GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: Something cool when you get on there. Oh, no, pins because you might hurt himself, never mind.GUTFELD: Yes. Well, with Hunter you get to steal a crackpipe.NORTON: They have playing cards and everything.GUTFELD: They have some -- you know, and it's all the same crap. Who cares, right? Who cares? Shame! Shame!(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: I love this audience.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: They hate our jokes, but they love to shame.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: All right, don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Jim Norton, Morgan Ortagus, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)