JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to this special edition of HANNITY. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro, in for Sean.And tonight, a tale of two candidates. Both Donald Trump and Joe Biden traveled to New York today but for very different reasons. About an hour ago, Biden shuffled into Radio City Music Hall in Midtown Manhattan for a glitzy, star-studded, high dollar fundraiser. The event featured Lizzo and Lea Michele and Queen Latifah, and a panel moderated by Stephen Colbert, between Barack Obama, Bill Clinton and Joe Biden himself.A picture with the three presidents could be arranged for a mere $100,000. Some tickets were priced as high as $500,000. All told, the event raised a record $25 million for the Biden campaign.Meanwhile, a couple of miles away former President Trump was at a funeral home. He accepted an invitation to attend a wake for NYPD Officer Jonathan Diller who was shot and killed by a violent career criminal roaming the streets of New York City. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I want to thank Bruce and all of the people that have worked so hard to make this area beautiful and safe and this is what happened. It's such a sad, sad event, such a horrible thing, and it's happening all too often. And we're just not going to let it happen. We just can't 21 times arrested this thug, and the person in the car with them was arrested many times.And they don't learn because they don't respect. They don't they're not given the respect. The police are the greatest people we have. There's nothing and there's nobody like them and this should never happen. And I just visited with a very beautiful wife that now doesn't have her husband, Stephanie was just incredible, their child, brand new, beautiful, baby sitting there, innocent as can be and doesn't know how his life has been changed.But the Diller family will -- they'll never be the same. You can never be the same and we have to stop it. We have to stop it. We have to get back to law and order. We have to do a lot of things differently, because this is not working. This is happening too often.It's an honor to be here and again, I want to just thank all of you folks for allowing this, and, Bruce, thank you. Bruce has been a friend of mine for a long time. He's done an incredible job out here. But this is such a sad occasion.The only thing we can say is maybe something's going to be learned. We've got to toughen it up. We've got to strengthen it up. This should never be allowed. Things like this shouldn't take place and to take place so often.So thank you all for being here. It's an honor and it's an honor for me to be here. This is a great family, the Diller family. I met the friends and I met every one of them inside and these are just incredible people that are just devastated. They're devastated. They've got a tough road.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And our own Bryan Llenas has been reporting live on the scene and he joins us now with more -- Bryan.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Judge, good evening.Visitation hours just ended here at the funeral home at 9:00 p.m. and will continue tomorrow. Today, thousands of police officers and members of this community stood in the torrential rain for a chance to pay their respects to fallen officer and hero Jonathan Diller, who was senselessly shot and killed on Monday night during a traffic stop. The accused killer with 21 prior arrests including nine felonies and yet he was out free on the streets.The 31-year-old officer leaves behind his wife Stephanie and one-year-old son Ryan. Former President Trump reportedly spent more than 10 minutes privately meeting with Diller's wife before joining her to say a prayer over Officer Diller's casket.The former president then met with other family members, including Diller's mother. Mr. Trump was invited to the wake by Nassau County executive Bruce Blakeman who said Officer Diller's son now has thousands of dads, law enforcement members who will now help raise him. So far, more than $2 million have been raised for the Diller family, a memorial grows outside of the precinct that he worked at in Queens and in Massapequa Park here, American flags, blue ribbons and a thin blue line have been painted on the street, Judge, to honor their hero. Officer Diller's funeral is set for Saturday -- Judge.PIRRO: Bryan, thanks so much.And outside of Biden's gaudy fundraiser in Radio City Music Hall, this was a very somber day in much of New York. Nothing will ever bring back Officer Diller, but thanks to the Tunnel to Towers Foundation and Frank Siller, the entire mortgage on Jonathan Diller's family's home will be paid off in full.Meanwhile, Barstool Sports founder David Portnoy raised $750,000 and then match that donation in total. So, $1.5 million will go directly to the officer's family.But again, Jonathan Diller should be alive today. This was a senseless murder committed by a violent felon who should have been in prison. This is the horrific result of the defund, dismantled, social justice movement in America.The president of the Sergeants Benevolent Association of the NYPD is speaking out. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNION PRESIDENT: I am just happy to be an individual that represents men and women like that that -- they're heroes. I mean, there there's -- there's no other way to describe them.INTERVIEWER: Without question, and that's why the cover of "The New York Post", it's your words. It says the -- it says, this is your fault, union's message to anti-police politicians. You are not welcome at hero cop's funeral. Those are your words and the words of your union.Who are you directing that at, and what do you mean?UNION PRESIDENT: It's directed at the city council who seems to believe that criminals in today's day and age should be considered to be the victims of crimes and that the police department and the police officers that come and give their lives day in and day out, they're the ones who are the -- who are the villains in the story.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Unfortunately, we don't see the same level of concern from the White House. Yesterday, Biden's press secretary, Karine Jean-Pierre blamed Officer Diller's death on so-called gun violence. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: As it relates to the death of the officer, look, our hearts go out to this officer who tragically lost his life in the line of duty. We're also praying for his family during this difficult time who now has an empty seat at their dinner table. President Biden is deeply grateful for the sacrifices police officers make to keep our community safe. This shooting is yet another painful reminder of the toll of gun violence that what it's what it's doing to inflict on families, and our communities and our nation.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Here now with reactions are two men who attended Officer Diller's wake today, Nassau County executive Bruce Blakeman, former NYPD inspector, FOX News contributor Paul Mauro, and retired Tulsa Police Lieutenant Sean Larkin.All right. I'll first direct my question to the county executive Bruce Blakeman. Bruce, you were there today inside the funeral home when the president -- President Trump was there. Can you tell us what it was like inside?BRUCE BLAKEMAN, NASSAU COUNTY EXECUTIVE: Well, I have to tell you that President Trump was a source of comfort to the family. He spent over 10 minutes with Stephanie, the widow, in private and then he went out into the main hall where the casket was laid and where police Officer Diller's body was laid and he and Stephanie prayed together. They talked about what a great guy Jonathan was.And then President Trump went to each member of the family and offered his condolences, and the family asked him to sign a mass card. He sat down, signed the mass card and then he got up and then Police Officer Diller's grandmother asked the president for a hug, and he embraced her and held her very tightly.And as he left that area with over 200 of friends and families of Police Officer Diller, with their little boy Ryan, with Police Officer Diller's mother Fran, with his brother and sister and son-in-law, they did something I've never seen before, Jeanine, at a wake. They gave him a rousing ovation. They clapped their hands and showed their gratitude for President Trump's kindness and for his compassion. It was a very, very beautiful and warm moment. It's one that I will never forget and I think it was very comforting for the family.PIRRO: That that is very touching.I'll -- I'll go to you Paul Mauro.I have stood in many of those lines outside of funeral homes to honor fallen police officers killed in the line of duty. What was the mood there?PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it was obviously very somber. You know, we all feel like we've been to too many of these, but let me just emphasize what Bruce Blakeman just said. Everybody was very appreciative of President Trump's attendance and they were also very appreciative of Bruce Blakeman's attendance.It means a lot to police who these days don't really feel like they're part of a system that supports them, that appreciates them. And you know, when the chips are down, you learn who your friends are.And I have to say that the sergeant's union got this exactly right. I don't -- I don't think people quite realize how antithetical to the mission of the police the actions of the New York City Council and the New York state legislature who gets a pass. It's all the way up in Albany, but if anything, they do more damage to the mission of the men and women in blue.The city council has recently passed upwards of 10 new measures that their new tactic is to bury the police in bureaucracy and paperwork. It's very cognizantly done. They know that a lot of this stuff can't even be met by the police because of personnel reasons, they just don't have enough bodies. They know what they're doing and they're doing it cognizantly.PIRRO: Officer Larkin, what do you think of the optics today? You have three presidents going to one particular location to raise money, it's a very festive affair for a president to stop the one president of the United States from running and regaining that presidency who is attending the funeral of a slain police officer who stands there and talks about the law an order which has totally been create -- destroyed by many of the Democrats.SEAN "STICKS" LARKIN, RETIRED TULSA POLICE LIEUTENANT: No, absolutely. You know, kind of as we talked about earlier, the president of the SBA here mentioned you know basically we don't want any anti- police politicians here, and he was very specific in who he was referring to, city council members, you know, here in New York City.But when the president is flying in for a pre-planned fundraiser, that's six miles from where this incident took place, 30 minutes away from this wake is happening, you alter your schedule, you show up, you stand up there, and you say, hey, I support the men and women, you know, in law enforcement. I support this family. You pay your respects to them.You just don't go about your -- you know, your day and attend your fundraiser without acknowledging, you know, this officer's death in the largest city we have in the country that's struggling.PIRRO: Well, and you know, I'll go back to you County Executive Blakeman. You know the whole idea of this -- you know, this fundraiser on the part of the Democrats where President Biden got off that plane at 1:30. This whole event didn't start until tonight and he chose to do a podcast with some celebrity as opposed to as Officer Larkin just said, you know, taking a trip to that funeral home.What do you think his priorities are?BLAKEMAN: Well, you know, Jeanine, 80 percent of life is showing up. And if that's the case and I believe that is, President Trump gets an A+ and President Biden gets an F. That President Trump flew up to New York just to go to the wake.PIRRO: Yeah.BLAKEMAN: And he had an event tonight back in Florida.PIRRO: Yes.BLAKEMAN: And he came just for the purposes of paying his respects and comforting Police Officer Diller's family. I think that speaks volumes and it's a stark contrast to the glitzy fundraiser tonight that President Biden couldn't take an hour and a half out of his schedule to commute to Massapequa --PIRRO: It's a shame.BLAKEMAN: -- pay his respects to the family of a hero, I find that incredibly disappointing and distasteful.PIRRO: Well, and you know, I'll go to you, Lieutenant Mauro. I mean, the truth is that, you know, when the union president talked about the politicians, these New York politicians are the ones who have created the lawlessness where the criminals are not afraid of us and we're afraid of them. And when the union president said to the politicians -- the New York City ones, don't show up, do you think they'll show up?MAURO: No, they -- I would doubt it because they I suspect that they're not going to like the reception that they're going to get. And, you know, it's the typical cowardice.And, you know, you have to say to yourself, it's such an own goal, I mean it's such a self-inflicted error. To Bruce Blakeman's point, I mean, even a phone call from the president would have gone a way and it just seems to be -- I mean, he couldn't say Laken Riley's name until he was shamed into it, then he got it wrong.And now, you know, they wonder why they are losing the rank and file of this country, the blue collar workers who keep the country in one piece and moving forward keep, us all safe, firemen, cops, corrections, whoever. They wonder why they're losing those people across the race of all races. Now you're seeing why.PIRRO: Okay, and last question to Officer Larkin.The truth is that, you know, Karine Jean-Pierre said that the gun was responsible and she couldn't even say the police officer's name, Officer Jonathan Diller, and she said, you know, the president, you know, sends his condolences to the police officer. Typical.LARKIN: It is typical. You know, I worked in the gang unit for 13 years there in Tulsa and this is the problem, is you're catching violent offenders, career, you know, felons with firearms. I mean, one of the two suspects that was in the car here was caught with a gun just last year and he is out --PIRRO: He's out on bail.LARKIN: Out on bail right now.PIRRO: Yeah.LARKIN: With his partner and he's convicted, you know, he has a violent past. That guy should be held in jail, in prison. He should not be out here, you know, walking amongst the citizens of New York City. That's the problem right there is holding these guys accountable that are committing the crimes. It's not the gun. It's our lack of prosecution that are holding these people accountable.PIRRO: Well, for sure.Anyway, Paul, Bruce, and Sean, thanks so much for being with us tonight.You know, violent crime is now just one major issue that Americans are facing. In fact, according to a Fox News poll, more than half of all voters say they are worse off under Biden. Just one in five voters say their lives are better, 73 percent view the economy negatively, 73 percent, and only 33 percent approve of Biden's immigration policies, a new low.Yet, his overall job rating continues to hover near a record low at just 41 percent. That same poll shows that a plurality of voters, 38 percent, believe Biden's top accomplishment is nothing. They believe he's accomplished nothing that made their lives better.Trump, meanwhile, continues to lead in the FOX poll. And in the Real Clear Politics polling average, Trump is up in almost every single battleground state. So, now, Biden is attempted to -- attempting to come from behind and get reelected all while avoiding accountability.In order to achieve this arduous task, Joe is allegedly attempting to hide behind a few local print and TV interviews to avoid nationwide scrutiny while pretending to be out in the public eye. But there are some days where the president has nothing, literally nothing on his public calendar, clearly hiding Joe Biden is really the only plausible strategy for Democrats and for good reason.Here now with more, FOX News contributor Charlie Hurt, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, and the host of Outkick's "Tomi Lahren is Fearless," Tomi Lahren.All right. Welcome to all of you.You know, I'll start with you, Governor. You know, it's bad news all over. Those polls that I read indicate that Joe Biden is in big trouble. What say you?MIKE HUCKABEE (R), FORMER ARKANSAS GOVERNOR: Well, Judge, I say that's not bad news. That's great news. I think we're going to see Donald Trump get reelected. That's wonderful news.And the bad news is, is that the best thing that people can say about Joe Biden is that he's done nothing. The reason they're keeping him hidden and he's not going out is because those are the best days of his presidency when nobody hears him blunder through a speech, when he doesn't fall off the stage or down the steps, and when he doesn't mispronounce the names of victims of crime. So it probably makes sense to lock him up and throw the key away and just pray and hope that somewhere along the way they can get enough mail-in votes to take him to the finish line.But I just think Americans are smarter than that, and I really want to believe that this election is no longer about Democrats and Republicans. It's about whether this country is going to be a country of law, order, safety, controlling the border, economic reality or if we're going to live in La La Land for the next four years.PIRRO: And that La La Land would be very dangerous, Tomi Lahren. You know, what's interesting is as the Democrats raise money, they talk about how wonderful it is and how it's a reflection of how people love Joe Biden. And yet, they don't really admit that they're doing everything they can to take away Donald Trump's money in every which way.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Yeah. I think today and you talked about it beautifully earlier about the contrast between Joe Biden's day and former President Donald Trump's day.Now, let's keep in mind that Donald Trump has had to spend a lot of the time that he could be out on the campaign trail sitting in court battling these political prosecutions and persecutions, but even though he's had to spend a lot of time doing that and he could be out raising money in the few hours that he has in between legal battles, instead, he chose to show up for a fallen NYPD officer. This man is a billionaire but he acts more like an average American than Obama, than Biden and Clinton who spent the night rubbing elbows with celebrities and taking photos.I mean I don't know how toned deaf you have to be to spend your day doing that, especially in this city when I just came in judge and I saw NYPD officers having to block off streets standing in the rain for these three clowns to be in town. And meanwhile, Donald Trump is standing shoulder to shoulder with the NYPD because he actually cares about law enforcement officers. Americans, that is your choice come November, somebody who cares about the people and somebody who cares about the elites. Make your pick.PIRRO: You know, Charlie, that's why I love Tomi. She talks about the clowns. I call them the Three Stooges, Bubba, Barry and clueless Joe.You know, the truth is that that clueless Joe is made a decision to do local news and local print media instead of national. Now, Charlie, why would he do that?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, you know, if Joe Biden has lost the national media, then he's lost the only thing that got him in the White House in the first place. He's in deep trouble if he can't -- he can no longer rely on the national or his campaign feels like they can't rely on the national media to carry his water for him.Of course, they can, but the problem is -- as the governor pointed out, you know, every day he opens his mouth is so bad for them, it's so bad for the campaign that even "The New York Times", even "The Washington Post" has a hard time sort of covering up at this point for all of his -- all -- everything that that he screws up. But I think that the real issue here is actually way more serious than all that.You know, the problem for them is that all of these things that are causing real, personal pain in people's lives, whether it's the open border or crime or the economy, inflation, all of these things can be tied directly to the policies of this -- of the Biden administration and the Democrat Party that Joe Biden is the head of. And you can draw a direct line to it even down to the case of Officer Diller being murdered on the street.This is -- these are policies you can tie directly to these people and I do pray that I do think that most people see through it all and I pray that that the election that we're heading into, and that Republicans take this very seriously, that we get a hold of this because, you know, the mass mailing ballots is not the way to go.PIRRO: Well, yeah, and many countries have outlawed them. But very quickly, Governor Huckabee, you know, the fact that immigration, he's rating so poorly as it relates to that, it indicates that every state is recognizing now that that immigration is a problem.HUCKABEE: Well, everybody sees it. It's not just a border issue for the border states. Every state has a fentanyl problem. Every state has an issue with people coming.And people look at the crime and they say this is nuts. This is where Donald Trump has a distinct advantage.PIRRO: Okay. Charlie, Mike, Tomi, thanks so much.And straight ahead, a live update from the ground where protests are gathering outside Biden's fundraiser.Plus, more courtroom drama for the Democrats. We'll tell you why that's good for Trump and bad for Hunter when we come back.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Welcome back to this special edition of HANNITY.Anti-Israel protesters flooded outside Radio City Music Hall ahead of Biden's ritzy fundraiser tonight.Our very own Nate Foy has the latest -- Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Judge, good evening.Earlier, there were about 500 pro-Palestinian protesters, many of them have cleared out in the past half hour, but some are still chanting "free Palestine" just across the street from where we are right now. About 45 minutes ago at this point, within the past hour, we saw an arrest where afterwards protesters chanted at police officers, F the NYPD and quit your jobs. So people were quite upset.Right across the street, of course, it's a totally different scene where there's a $25 million fundraiser happening. Tickets range from $225 all the way up to $500,000. But the funding boost for President Joe Biden's re- election campaign certainly did not come without drama and without protesters.So, take a look. There were two separate groups who met starting at 4:00 today. One group met at 4:00, another group met at 5:00. They marched up to where we are right now. The NYPD blocked off the streets while protesters flanked Radio City Music Hall on the west and east side. President Joe Biden, of course, has dealt with push back on his support for Israel over the past months, over the past few months, including this week in North Carolina when he was cut off while making a speech.I'm not sure if we have it, Judge, but if we could, let's show you some of the sound that we witnessed just across the street from this fundraiser.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)FOY: So, Judge, the main event at the fundraiser which is still happening right now, just in this two block stretch, we can see visibly uh at least a NYPD officers. So the fundraiser continues. The main event is a discussion between the three presidents moderated by Stephen Colbert, there's musical guests performing tonight, including Lizzo and Queen Latifah.It's going to cost you $100,000 to get your picture taken with the three presidents and then there's a $250,000 entrance fee to a private reception. And then the most exclusive reception after the main event would cost you $500,000, half a million dollars.We'll send it back to you.PIRRO: Well, you know, Nate, half a million dollars, that's kind of interesting.You know, I just have a question. You know, if I'm a police officer and I am covering that event covering, you know, President Biden and knowing that a fellow officer, a fallen officer is not that far away and none of those presidents bothered to go to that funeral home, that might bother me.FOY: Yeah. It certainly would and it's devastating what happened a few days ago and, of course, seeing former President Trump attend the wake of Officer Diller today and then with this happening, you know, there have been many saying that the optics don't necessarily look great. And then when you see the protesters coming after the police officers like we saw tonight, that's even more disheartening.So, yeah, they handled it as best as they could, Judge.PIRRO: Yep, thank God for the police.Nate Foy, thank you so much.And there have been many developments this week from the lawfare now being waged against Donald Trump, starting with the Fulton County case where Trump's attorney were -- attorneys were back in court arguing for a dismissal on the grounds of free speech. A motion Judge McAfee will rule on at a later date.And earlier today, one Democrat strategist had a message from Fulton County D.A. Fani Willis. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Fani Willis I think has already made herself a character in this saga. She's got to bring it down and stay focused on doing the job of prosecuting this case. I wish she would stop doing interviews and really focus on just prosecute the case, just -- and be very serious in the courtroom.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Meanwhile, Hunter Biden's attorneys are asking for his tax charges to be dropped, a move that has sparked backlash from prosecutors and was reportedly met with skepticism from the judge.Here with reaction Trump legal spokesperson Alina Habba.Alina, welcome. It has been a very interesting week. The argument this week -- actually today in Fulton County before Judge McAfee regarding the claim by the president's attorney and some of the codefendants attorneys that the essence of the indictment has to do more with the First Amendment and free speech than a crime and RICO.What -- what say you?ALINA HABBA, LEGAL SPOKESWOMAN FOR FORMER PRESIDENT TRUMP: Number one, you and I both know, Judge Jeanine, that we have only one RICO situation and that's what's happening with the Merrick Garland-Biden administration. Let's be honest about it. We've seen the White House logs. We've seen the proof.The only RICO is the coordination against Donald Trump. What they argued today was very simple, a president has a right to speak, a human being, an American, this country is based on the constitutional First Amendment rights to speech. He had that right and he did so.He has also a right as the executive branch to question and provide election integrity. God knows our country needs that right now, Jeanine. I know you know it, I know it, the American people know it.So that's why we're looking at this from a serious standpoint of constitutional violations, not to mention all the frankly the nonsense and the noise. It might be the only time I agree with CNN is when they say that Fani Willis has become a character in this. I mean, it's insane.PIRRO: You know, Alina, when you think about it, the judge makes a decision to have her decide whether or not her boyfriend should go. But she's the one who brought the boyfriend in, she's the one who paid the boyfriend, she's the one who took the stand and said, no, I didn't have any relations until well into the relationship was which was contrary to the testimony of others.But do you think that this judge is afraid of Fani Willis?HABBA: You know, I think that's a really good point. Honestly, I think that a lot of judges right now are afraid. If you're a Republican-elected judge, you're afraid to look like you're too biased to Republicans.But by the way, if you're elected by a Democrat, if you're a Clinton appointed judge, you seem to not have a problem sanctioning us for bringing a case about Russia hoax against Hillary Clinton without even seeing me, meeting me, or hearing the case for five minutes. It's unbelievable.We play so safe, they play dirty. That is what I've seen over and over again. And I know you see it, I see it.The American people are starting to see it. If you have a question about it, look at the poll numbers. That's why he's doing so well.PIRRO: Clearly, and what -- what do you think of Hunter Biden claiming that his indictment should be dismissed when they literally with the statute of limitations got rid of the most incriminating years for taxes and he says this is -- this is just a special prosecution that is unfair and unjust?HABBA: Yes. We know what that's called, that's called a witch hunt. And I'm sorry, Hunter, you are not the victim of a witch hunt. President Trump is, and we've seen that. You didn't file tax returns for three years. You tried to get a sweetheart deal, passed under the judge's nose and we got caught. We know what's going on here, but don't you dare use our lines on us, because the only people that are treated differently are the Democrats. They are protected, they are clearly not treated the same and I want to see their line be used against them.No one is above the law show me that. You don't pay your taxes, you don't char -- three years, you didn't file tax returns. No one's above the law, Hunter. That's for sure, Alina Habba, thanks so much for being with us this evening.And coming up, here's a head scratcher, the Illinois Supreme Court, the highest court has agreed to hear an appeal in the Jesse Smollett case. Pam Bondi and Mark Geragos will be here in a moment.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Welcome back to this special edition of HANNITY.You're not going to believe this one. The state Supreme Court in Illinois has agreed to hear an appeal of Jesse Smollett's hate crime hoax conviction. Now, Smollett, you recall, was convicted of disorderly conduct for falsely reporting a hate crime back in 2021, and he was sentenced to 150 days in jail, but he's been free for quite some time, as the appeals process plays out.Here with reaction are former Florida attorney general, Pam Bondi, and criminal defense attorney, my pals both of them, Mark Geragos.All right. I'll start with you, Pam.Smollett, what's his complaint?PAM BONDI (R), FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Well, he's saying that double jeopardy applies because we know he had that liberal D.A. once again, Kim Foxx, who dropped the charges against him. She dropped the charges against him, deferred prosecution, then she had to recuse herself, Jeanine, because she was out there talking to his family. This is crazy.So she gets off the case and so he gets convicted by a special prosecutor, by a jury and now, the appellate court upheld it and the Supreme Court is going to hear it, saying, oh, that deal, that original deal with a compromised D.A. should still be in effect and he should not be prosecuted. It's ridiculous.PIRRO: Okay. Mark Geragos, are you going to argue for the defense on this one, or are you going to agree that's just dumb?MARK GERAGOS, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Do you -- you know, you're going to get mad at your producers over this, Jeanine. I represented him in the first case and got it dismissed.PIRRO: All right, okay.GERAGOS: So, yes. So the second time around, it's right, it was a special prosecutor. Do you know who the special prosecutor was the second time around, it was Dan Webb, the same guy who represented Fox in the in the Dominion case. Talk about a small world.PIRRO: Oh, yeah.GERAGOS: Exactly.So let me just tell you, Pam has got the issue. It's actually a pretty good issue. Tell me what you think.PIRRO: Okay.GERAGOS: The first time around, he did get a dismissal. However, he forfeited $10,000 as part of the agreement to dismiss the case. Then, the - - they -- he gets a woman, an interloper comes in, and she files a request of another judge to have him appoint a special counsel which was Dan Webb who then retries this case.Well, the argument was on the second time around, I didn't represent him actually, my partner did out in New York along with a local lawyer, but the argument was is that that forfeit of $10,000 did not constitute a -- if you will, a jeopardy under the expansive definition of Illinois law.PIRRO: Okay.GERAGOS: I think that's why the Supreme Court took it because to me, it's a double jeopardy.PIRRO: Yeah. No, so there's certainly an argument is about the $10,000 was, but that was his bail that was forfeited. Did he do community services as well under that original agreement or non-agreement that was dropped?GERAGOS: He did, he did.PIRRO: That's a problem, Pam.GERAGOS: Yeah, it -- yeah.BONDI: He did. He did community service, but she had to get off the case because she was compromised and he forfeited that money. Remember, Jeanine, there were multiple, multiple police officers who had to investigate this case. It costs the police department tens of thousands of dollars, so that just helped reimburse them.PIRRO: Yeah, I know, it helps reimburse him, but it's got to be directed as part of that reimbursement or part of forfeiting his bail or something. You don't just take the money and say whatever.All right. I want to move on let's talk about a some FOX Nation content. Now, Mark is featured in "The Menendez Brothers: Victims Or Villains", and I am featured in "The Menendez Brothers: Monsters or Misunderstood".So, here's the thing, you'll recall that they were convicted in the early `90s of murder, with no possibility of parole, and let's take a clip of me and Mark. Show it to everyone.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GERAGOS: I think that there is a wellspring support that is developed. I don't know if it's -- you know, people tell me it's the TikTok culture, I don't know about you, but I'm not on TikTok, or if I am I don't know it.But I will tell you -- I will tell you that there are people who understand now that these guys got job 25 years ago. And by the way, let me tell you, this is the first client I've ever had on a post-conviction, I have corrections officers who deal with these guys on a daily basis, writing me letters saying, we've never seen people like this. We -- they have no chance of getting out life without parole. They've exhausted all appeals for the last years and these guys are model prisoners.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Okay. All right. Well, that's just a -- I said of me and Mark, but it was all Mark.But, Pam, I'll put the question to you. The issue here -- the issue here is that in the second trial, because the first trial was hung for both brothers, the judge refused to allow in the aftermath of O.J. Simpson's acquittal, the judge refused to allow any evidence that would -- that the boys claimed that they were sexually abused by their father. And so, they were convicted.I mean do you want to add to that, Mark, very quickly and let's hear what Pam has to say.GERAGOS: Yeah, basically, Pam, what they what they did the second time around, eight days after the con -- the acquittal of O.J. Simpson, the judge, same judge basically did not give what's called the imperfect self- defense instructions. So all the evidence that the jury heard the first time, the two juries heard the first time around, most of it was truncated then they didn't get the instruction and then the D.A. argued basically they were just whiners who wanted a rich lifestyle, even though they already lived in Beverly Hills.So they kind of engineered a conviction here and I -- I think now in retrospect and I told this to Jeanine when we were talking about it, if they had been the Menendez sisters, I don't think they would still be in custody.PIRRO: All right. So back to the attorney general.Pam, look, there was testimony from both brothers, family members saw that they were abused and there was an agreement, if a father was in the bedroom with the kids, nobody could go down the hall where the bedroom was. Pam, rule on this.BONDI: Yeah, and, Mark, I'm glad you're sitting down for this, because as a former homicide prosecutor, I think it could have been a defense. Definitely could have been -- we know juries do compromise verdicts all the time. So the jury could have come back --PIRRO: Definitely.BONDI: -- with manslaughter knowing they had been sexually abused.PIRRO: No question about it.You've got to watch it on FOX Nation, both Menendez brothers, one with Mark, one with me.Pam, Mark, thank you.Coming up next, Stephen Miller tells us why the Biden administration isn't ready for the next border surge, when we come back on this special edition of HANNITY.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Welcome back to this special edition of HANNITY.Now, according to "The New York Post", a new caravan of illegals are making their way to El Paso. They're expected to arrive at the border this week. Meanwhile, Speaker Mike Johnson will send articles of impeachment against DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas to the Senate next month. And it's about time every day we witness the disturbing consequences of Biden's open border agenda.Here now with reaction, former senior adviser to President Trump and my friend Stephen Miller.Okay, Stephen, now, why do you think they keep coming and why is there a new caravan of 2,000 showing up next?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISER TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, it's quite simple. The Trump policy was to deter, detain, deport. Joe Biden eradicated that policy and Democrats have implemented a new policy, release, resettle, reward. Reward with cash, reward with work permits, reward with free hotels, reward with free flights, free lawyers, free health care, free education, free everything, even prepaid debit cards.They aren't merely smuggling illegal aliens into this country but Joe Biden and the Democrat Party are subsidizing illegal immigration with millions, indeed billions of taxpayer dollars.PIRRO: You know, the amazing part of it, Stephen, is the fact that even the illegals are laughing at us. You've got them, remember the Venezuelans who beat up the police officers, kicked them and then come out and give them middle finger to America.And then you've got this other guy who's telling people -- another Venezuelan I believe -- is telling people how a squat and that you're an idiot if you work and how much cash he's making. In fact, ICE is looking for him, they can't find him. I mean, the whole thing is absurd.MILLER: Well, this is the ultimate indignity. Not only do you have illegal aliens trespassing in our country, they're now being coached to trespass in our --PIRRO: Our homes.MILLER: -- physical homes and steal them from their rightful and legitimate homeowners. This is the dispossession of the American people and every Senate Democrat is complicit. Just one week ago and many people may not realize this, there were three votes on the Senate floor and they came down to a party line vote. Every Senate Democrat voted to kill the Laken Riley Act.They voted to kill an amendment ending sanctuary cities, and they voted to kill an amendment ending Joe Biden's secret migrant flights. Those are the flights for illegal aliens are flown over the board order and then resettled in towns and cities across America.They are sponsoring the invasion. They are financing the invasion because their objective -- their objective is to have as much illegal immigration as humanly possible.PIRRO: And we're paying for it.Stephen Miller, thanks so much for being with us tonight.And more of this special edition of HANNITY right after the break.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Welcome back to the special edition of HANNITY. But unfortunately, that's all the time that we have for this evening.Also, don't forge -- supposed to be forget, to check out my new special on FOX Nation, "The Menendez Brothers: Monsters or Misunderstood". It is streaming now and it's great.I'll be back on "THE FIVE" tomorrow at 5:00 p.m. Eastern. I hope you tune in.And my friend Greg Gutfeld is on next. Have a great night. Thanks for watching.