BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Special Report, federal judges hear arguments over the constitutionality of the Texas law, allowing the state to arrest illegal immigrants crossing the border from Mexico. We'll bring you that. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle starts now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham and this is The Ingraham Angle from Los Angeles. My Angle in moments. But first, you can't keep a fighter out of the ring for long. And all they're trying to keep him tied up in the court, the former president, President Trump was back on the campaign trail today in two battleground states, Michigan and Wisconsin. Now, he lost both last time, but this time around, things are different. Voters have had to deal with relentless inflation and of course, Biden's relentless border catastrophe.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I stand before you today to declare that Joe Biden's border bloodbath and that's what it is, it's a bloodbath and it's destroying our country. It's a very bad thing happening. It's going to end on the day that I take office, which will be January 20th, it'll end.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And he's wrapping up a rally right now in Green Bay, Wisconsin, where he's leading Biden in the latest Emerson poll.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: You know, we have a new category of crime, it's called migrant crime. It was brought to you by the worst president in the history of our country, Joe Biden. Sometimes referred to as Crooked Joe Biden, crooked is now with it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Larry Elder, conservative talk radio host and former Republican candidate for president. Larry, it's been a few months since I've been in LA, but the President will not be kept down. I mean, he goes to those two states, I think you're going to see him going to New York and New England as well and out here in California, I understand he's making a trip. But how important is this statement now, given what's happened?LARRY ELDER, CONSERVATIVE RADIO HOST: Welcome to the hood, Laura. It's very important. Look, the average family of four is paying about $1,000 a month for the same goods and services as they paid three or four years ago. The borders are wide open, crime is up. He's got a track record to run on. All he has to do is talk about how much better off you were when I was president. And I think that's going to be the closing argument.INGRAHAM: I really believe that they thought that bombarding him with all of these cases, these state cases, civil cases, criminal cases, that he would just kind of roll over and say, you know, I'm out. But I mean, it is impressive to see him out there today. And he's on the new issues too, on squatting, he's on -- talking about the border, he's staying on the bloodbath comment. He's leaning into the bloodbath comment, despite the fact that we're going to get into this a little later, but there --ELDER: I know, you've been around him, I was too, when I got off the campaign trail. And I spoke with him for some time. And I asked him whether at 3 o'clock in the morning, Laura, does he ever say to himself, why did I do this given all these lawsuits, given all this onslaught, 91 percent of the news media against him is negative. And he said, I felt I had an obligation to my country. The man is -- what's the word, indefatigable, you can't keep him down.INGRAHAM: Now, the latest thing they're trying to get him on, it's just -- it's just is hilarious, because it never works. They keep doing this. He made a comment about illegals committing crimes, and he referenced them as animals. Well, now the Biden campaign tweeted out that Trump said, quote, Democrats said, please don't call immigrants animals. And I said, no, they're not humans. They're animals. Well, it sounds pretty bad. But they also shared this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The 22-year-old nursing student in Georgia who was barbarically murdered by an illegal alien animal. The Democrats said, please don't call them animals. They're humans. I said, no, they're not humans. They're not humans. They're animals.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: If you notice, he didn't say immigrants are animals. Again, do you think any of this is going to work?ELDER: I don't. It's just Trump derangement syndrome 101. He never said there were good Nazis and bad Nazis on both sides, he never mocked a disabled reporter. They -- he never said, I want you to go and violently tear up the Capitol. He said as -- that -- I want you to peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard. He never said drink bleach or inject bleach. They do this over and over and over again. And I think most Americans are fed up with it.INGRAHAM: Now, the campaign trail this time, it's going to be very different. So, it's actually going to be campaigning done. But do you agree with me that Joe Biden will never, and I mean, never debate Donald Trump?ELDER: He is not going to debate Trump. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? He would get demolished and they know it. He can't even give a regular speech. He can't even read a teleprompter. So, he's not going to debate Trump. He's going to argue that all Trump is going to do is lie and lie and lie. I'm not going to be part of his life. So that will be his excuse for not doing it, but he will not debate Donald Trump.INGRAHAM: Now, there was a powerful moment during this speech in Michigan where Trump promised justice for one of the victims of illegal immigrant crime. Let's watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Two weeks ago, I said I will deliver justice for Laken. I said that and now today I'm adding something that's going to be Laken and it's also justice for Ruby. We're going to deliver justice for Ruby. We're going to watch what happens with this. We're going to watch what happens. And we have all the law enforcement behind, they're going to be watching what happens to this thug, he's not going to get away with it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Another crime that occurred in the Midwest, another illegal immigrant brutalizing a woman.ELDER: Yes. And by a criminal who's had a whole bunch of convictions, shouldn't been out on the streets. I'm setting up a pack, I'll be announcing it sometime down the road to get rid the soft on crime D.A.s, because of all these people who are out on the streets who shouldn't be on the streets.INGRAHAM: I'd get Gascon here.ELDER: It's ridiculous. There have been two attempts to recall him, they have failed, but the one in the Bay Area, Boudin, was recalled. And only about 5 percent of voters in that city are Republican. So, he was even too radical for these radical voters up in the Bay Area.INGRAHAM: Well, we've got to clean up Los Angeles. This is a great city, and this has all got to be cleaned up and cleaned out. Larry, it's always great to see you.ELDER: That's why I'm still here --INGRAHAM: Thanks for coming. All right.ELDER: My pleasure.INGRAHAM: President Trump posted his $175 million bond last night as he appeals the judgment in the victimless fraud case. But that's not all. In Trump's hush money trial, another fraud, Judge Juan Merchan expanded a gag order barring him from talking about family members of the court and of D.A. Alvin Bragg.Now this comes after Trump complained about what sure looks like an apparent conflict of interest that the judge's daughter has. She's the president of something called Authentic Campaigns. That's a Democrat consulting firm and according to the New York Post, this firm raised $93 million in campaign donations based off this very case of her dad's.Joining me now, Sol Wisenberg, Fox News Contributor, former Deputy Independent Counsel; and David Schoen, former Trump Impeachment Attorney. David, so Trump filed today to get Judge Merchan recused from the case. Is that a long shot?DAVID SCHOEN, FORMER TRUMP IMPEACHMENT ATTORNEY: Not -- it shouldn't be. I've said from the start of this case, the appearance of impropriety is clear. So, he should recuse himself for that reason. He's handpicked for this case, Trump Organization case, Bannon case, Weisselberg case rather than random selection. There's a case Frank Alito vs. Coleman from 2004 that's upheld that kind of process handpicking by the D.A., but said if it's raised on direct appeal, and you can show a conflict, then it shouldn't be permitted as a terrible appearance.In this case, I believe it goes beyond the appearance. I believe under 22 New York Code of Rules and Regulations 100.2 3ED3 that he has to be -- 3ED -- 3E1D3 sorry, that he must disqualify himself that provides that if the judge has a relative to the fourth degree who has a substantial interest that could be affected by the proceeding, then he must recuse himself. And that's this case.The New York Post article is clear. This person's daughter held herself as the digital persuasion director for Kamala Harris, now president of the company, he must disqualify himself. There are many judges on this court. The public depends on the integrity of the system.INGRAHAM: Now tonight, Sol, the D.A.'s office responded to Trump's request for recusal telling the judge that this daisy chain of innuendos is a far cry from evidence that this court has a direct personal substantial or pecuniary interest in reaching a particular conclusion. There's simply nothing new here that would alter this court's prior conclusion, that nothing about this proceeding will directly benefit this court's family, let alone the court itself.Sol now, again, all of us have been litigating cases in courts for many years, you guys are more seasoned. I've been out of the game for a while. But this -- given how important this case is, how -- why would they want to leave even a scintilla of a doubt about impartiality in a conflict of interest?SOL WISENBERG, FORMER DEPUTY INDEPENDENT COUNSEL: Well, as we've talked about before, Laura, that's what's so amazing about all of these efforts against former President Trump, you would think his opponents would be more careful about what they were doing. Keep in mind, there are two issues here. The first is the one David has talked about. Should the judge be recused?And by the way, from what I read today, Adam Schiff's various campaigns, political campaigns in 2019 and 2020 alone, at a time when he was dealing with Michael Cohen, who may be a witness in this case, spent a media buy of about $3.7 million with her -- with company, with Merchan's company that she's now the head of.So. the question is, number one, should he be recused? I don't know the answer to that. But number two, should Trump be allowed to comment upon it. To me that is core first amendment right of his --INGRAHAM: You bet.WISENBERG: -- assuming that he does not -- assuming that he doesn't do it in a clearly inflammatory way that would encourage people to harm her.INGRAHAM: I know -- David -- Sol just took the words out of my mouth, the idea that a defendant who's facing what he believes is a fundamentally unfair trial that he can't get a fair trial is now prohibited from talking about the reasons why. Again, let me just read this in a letter that will go back to it.In a letter to the judge, Trump's attorneys noted that a Twitter account used by the daughter appears to have been closed to the public, so too has Authentic, that's the firm's X account, thereby limiting President Trump's ability to investigate these issues. Well, if they have no conflict issue, why are they making the account go private?SCHOEN: Yes, this -- the gag order impinges the first Fifth and Sixth Amendment rights of President Trump and the public's right to a public trial, the public must know all of the facts surrounding and underlying this case, and the players in this case and their credibility. It's absolutely outrageous. And remember, all of this were in an election year here, the judicial ethics committee opinion, May 4, 2023, that rejected the claim of recusal had a completely different scenario.It was a business of the judge's daughter wasn't involved in a real estate business. And the question isn't whether the business isn't whether the business is involved. It's whether there's an interest that could be substantially affected. The New York Post piece proves it.INGRAHAM: Well, Sol and David, we'll stay on this. Thank you both. All right, Donald Trump, JK Rowling, what do they have in common. My Angle next. Plus, Glenn Greenwald will react.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Resisting the new Inquisition, that's the focus of tonight's Angle. Now I'm certain JK Rowling would recoil at being compared to Donald Trump. The lifelong feminist holds views antithetical to his, but when the Far Left in the UK started a petition to ban Trump from traveling there, she a true liberal drew a line.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JK ROWLING, AUTHOR: I find almost everything that Mr. Trump says objectionable. I consider him offensive and bigoted. But he has my full support to come to my country and be offensive and bigoted there.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Whether she likes it or not, Trump and she have something important and common. They're both threats to the new inquisition. You know, the self-appointed enforcers of progressive conformity. The anti-free speech radicals who are threatened by anyone and I mean anyone who boldly expresses views that conflict or challenge their own.Now, just as it would have been a lot easier, let's face it for Trump to steer clear from politics in 2015 or retire after 2020, it would have been far easier for JK Rowling to back away from her views on transgenderism.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROWLING: I absolutely knew that if I spoke out, many people who would love my books would be deeply unhappy with me, I believe absolutely that there is something dangerous about this movement, and it must be challenged.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: For believing that a man is a man, and a woman is a woman, she's been called a vicious transphobe and subjected to relentless criticism from many by the way of her former friends. And even when Scotland passed the so-called anti-hate speech law instead of shutting up, she ramped it up daring Scottish authorities to arrest her.Now police undoubtedly wanting to sidestep the firestorm where the Harry Potter author actually charged, announced earlier today that she didn't violate the law, which says that the prosecution need only prove that a remark was likely rather than intended to offend members of classes defined by things like age, disability, faith, sexual orientation, transgender identity, or being intersex.OK, well, so-called hate speech would be prosecuted if merely a reasonable person would consider it threatening or abusive. That's not a broad, broad standard at all. Now, even the liberal Guardian newspaper admitted that the law was problematic noting that nothing prevents it from being applied, even for comments made in the privacy of your own home. This has echoes of Mao's Cultural Revolution, nor is there protection for schools, clubs, private institutions, and in fact, the law proposes a potentially massive extension of police discretion into the private and social life of Scotland.Now, this is when maybe you're thinking, who cares? This is Scotland. I love Scotland, but who cares what they do? This could never happen here. We have the First Amendment. Really? Now when Trump questioned the impartiality of the judge in his hush money case as we talked about, the judge simply slapped a gag order on him. If members of our military questioned the outcome of the 2020 election, and maybe posted about it, or empathized in any way with the J6 defendants, they probably needed to submit to anti-extremism training.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LLOYD AUSTIN, SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: The truth of the matter is, we need your help. I'm talking, of course, about extremism and extremist ideology. It concerns me to think that anyone wearing the uniform would espouse these sorts of beliefs, let alone act on it. But they do.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: How many times have you heard college students say they feel like they can't be honest in their essays? So instead, they write to validate or echo a professor's political views.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: When schools start endorsing or promoting specific ideologies, that's just unfair. You have to conform to their ideologies and their beliefs. I mean, these teachers are pushing their political and personal beliefs onto their students. If you don't conform, you'll fail.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And RFK Jr. knows all too well how intolerant today's Democrats can be after all, they did everything they could do to keep them off the ballot, and they launched a campaign to bankrupt and jail Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR. (I) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: President Biden is the first candidate in history, the first president in history that has used the federal agencies to censor political speech. The greatest threat to democracy is not somebody who questions election returns. If you have a government that can silence its opponent, it has licensed for any atrocity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Look, for decades now the Left has been at war with free speech. Elites will go to the barricades to protect pornography. But when it comes to the political or cultural expression that offends the Neo Stalinist on the Left, well, they'll use any weapon at their disposal to drive you into submission. Radical progressive spare no one, not even beloved liberals like Rowling, or music legends like Eric Clapton, who may effectively excommunicated for his outspokenness against the COVID shot. NBC called it his sad final act.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The minute I began to say anything about the lockdown here, my concerns, I was labeled as a Trump supporter in America, and I got some pretty heavy feedback.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So did Van Morrison. Well, nothing that distinguished doctors, of course, didn't experience. If they question the need for lockdowns, they question mandates, they question masks, they were persecuted because of their views. They never stopped though fighting regardless of the consequences.Now, like Rowling, most of these people weren't political. They were simply pro-free expression, expressing themselves. In the case of the doctors, they were expressing their need for scientific inquiry to be free, and frankly critical. But they got a quick education and how vicious the new Left had become. There is zero and I mean zero tolerance for disagreement, certainly no debate, and you deviate from the orthodoxy. Yes, you will suffer.It's far more puritanical, far more repressive than anything you will find at most mega churches in the South. Those brave enough to stand against these Neo Bolsheviks should be an inspiration to everyone who shares his freedom.Now, you don't have to agree with Donald Trump to believe that the lawfare being waged against him is one step closer to tyranny. Rowling and Trump are doing their part. Now it's up to the rest of us to do ours. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Independent Journalist Glenn Greenwald. Glenn, it's great to see you as always. Now, even though Rowling, as I said, is in the clear for now, she's not backing down. She wrote on X that if they go after any woman for simply calling a man, a man, I'll repeat that woman's words, and they can charge us both at once. Glenn, this was quite a moment.GLENN GREENWALD, INDEPENDENT JOURNALIST: And I think what it illustrates is the danger of this law, which is OK, the Scottish government doesn't want to prosecute someone like JK Rowling, because of her prominence and her resources. I mean, they don't want to give credence to this idea that they're trying to criminalize standard political debate.But of course, that's exactly what they're doing and the fact that they actually could prosecute her that her statements would fit into the parameters of the law, and that she's just not being prosecuted because of the arbitrary decisions of the people in power illustrates why this law is so dangerous precisely because it depends upon the willingness of the government to allow free speech or to shut it down by prosecuting people at any moment, including people who were involved in important political debates about some of our most crucial, social, and political questions.INGRAHAM: Given what I said in the Angle about how -- look, Americans will -- you know, they'll be interested in this, but they'll kind of wave it off saying, oh, this would never happen here. But we saw it happen, Glenn, you and I went through this during COVID. We've gone through this time and again on hot button issues, people lose their jobs, people lose their income, or worse, as you're seeing with Trump.GREENWALD: No, I think it's a crucial issue, Laura, we cover a lot of free speech infringements in western democratic countries outside the United States, because so often they're harbingers of what comes to the United States, it might be a little bit more difficult to enact a law like this because of the First Amendment.But the mentality that's driving it, which is that there's a group of people who are elites, political elites, or people who call themselves disinformation experts, whose judgment about politics is so superior to everybody else's that they have the right to enforce their judgments, not by persuading people, but by force of law, to punish people who think differently. by criminalizing them, or censoring from the internet or banning them altogether, is something that we're seeing increasingly throughout the democratic world, including in the United States, where the Biden administration constantly picks up the phone and demands that people that big tax silence American citizens in a way that has been found unconstitutional.But laws like this can also mean that if say, Facebook, or Google has to comply with Scotland and the EU and the UK and Canada, eventually, just through default, that's going to be our internet as well, even if those laws couldn't exist in United States because of the First Amendment. It has a big impact on American citizens.INGRAHAM: A related point, Glenn, is the Left to the cultural Marxists, whatever you want to call them. They're trying to take words off the table, like certain words, you can't say that's always a way to go, go around having a real debate. But the word bloodbath that Trump has used. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Bloodbath is an ugly word, when Trump uses it, what is it, when I use it.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: No, no, let's be clear, you've got to actually ask me the question in context of what it was said. Right. And what the -- what it was said when he said that. They're not the same. And your question is disingenuous. We have to denounce violent rhetoric, which wherever it comes from, a former leader, we have to denounce that because we saw what happened on January 6th.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, Glenn, they're going back to Jan 6th, they use that as their battering ram against the First Amendment. Your reaction to bloodbath is now the new word you cannot speak, unless you're a liberal.GREENWALD: Well, I was going to go to January 6th too, because what happened there was the speech Trump gave that they blamed for inciting that violence. When he spoke, he said, of course, you're going to now go to the Capitol and protest peacefully. So, in order to get out of that, they said, oh, well, he used a phrase that is a wink, wink for violence, which is -- when he said fight like hell. And yet you can find Joe Biden in almost every politician constantly saying fight like hell to their followers.It's a very common political phrase. And the same thing here, bloodbath is a common term in our language, we use it metaphorically all the time. And now they're trying to control language by saying that as they unite and claim that a certain word means something that we can all hear in context that doesn't actually mean somehow that meaning is supposed to be binding on us, because again, it's that same mentality that they know better. That is the mentality of controlling discourse.INGRAHAM: But Glenn, that is the way to redirect the conversation away from an actual debate on -- in this case, what's happening at the border to you're a mean person. That's where we are.GREENWALD: I mean, this is the key words, all of this happened after 2016 when the British people ignored what they were told and decided to leave the EU through Brexit and then especially with the American election, where Hillary was defeated by Trump, and they came to conclude that they cannot allow free debate anymore because it's too dangerous because people are uncontrolled. And all of this that we're seeing is a reaction to that, to the fear of allowing people to debate things freely.INGRAHAM: Well, Bingo. Glenn, we don't have you on enough. Great to see you. Thanks so much.GREENWALD: Always great to see you, Laura. Thanks.INGRAHAM: Parents of a rich kid gang member now accused of trying to cover his tracks. Who are the Gilbert Goons, you'll find out, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There has got to be at least 250 kids here. They're walking the streets. We're not used to this. I'm not used to this in my neighborhood from being here 25 years. These kids are going to hit each other. Someone's going to get hurt. Someone's going to get killed.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Turns out someone did get hurt. Someone got killed that night. Now, I briefly mentioned this story out of Arizona last night. Part of the Kids Aren't Alright series we're doing, and tonight we're learning more about the beating death of 16-year-old Preston Lord, and the group of mostly high school thugs that were charged in his murder.Joining me now for more on this terrifying, very sad story is Trace Gallagher, Fox News chief breaking news correspondent, host of Fox News at night. Trace, I've heard they even named their little gang and they have a name for it. What is this?TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: Yeah, they named their gang the Gilbert Goons, right? So, this happened in Queen Creek, Arizona. And if you don't know Arizona, that's a suburb of there. And Gilbert, by the way, is also a suburb of Phoenix.You played sound in the intro, Laura, of the woman saying there were 250 kids. They were being rowdy. The case really though is focused on a group of seven young men and boys who call themselves the Gilbert Goons. Two of the seven are under the age of 18, but they are all being charged as adults.Now police say they attacked 16-year-old Preston Lord because he was wearing a gold chain they thought was stolen. Witnesses say they punched the kid. And then when he was on the ground, they repeatedly kicked him, danced on him, as one of these kids said. And one kid claims that he stomped on his head.A lot of this case is focused on 19-year-old Talan Renner, who on the night of the beating posted on Snapchat, quoting, "I accidentally killed the kid. I guess I'm just too strong." Another kid posted, quoting, "I hit a kid. He fell and died."In fact, while he was leaving the scene, the police report says that Talan Renner said, quoting, "I might have hospitalized that kid because I hit him pretty hard."Now, that's part of the case. There are hundreds of social media posts. There are videos, there are texts, where these young people literally rat themselves out. And then there are the accusations that Talan Renner's parents tried to cover up the crime by hiding Talan until his bruises went away.But Preston Lord, the 16-year-old who was killed, apparently was not the first victim. Police say these Gilbert Goons, as they call themselves, have been targeting other kids for months at fast-food restaurants, in parking lots, at parties, leaving them with skull fractures and broken bones.It is an awful crime. And to think, Laura, there is a trunk load of evidence in this case that is really bad news for a lot of these kids, all being charged as adults.INGRAHAM: Yeah, well, there were Snapchat video and Snapchat texts, which again, you tell all kids, everything you put online is forever.GALLAGHER: Right.INGRAHAM: And lo and behold, the police got these texts and there was a lot of admissions, a lot of admissions in them. Trace, thank you so much. Great to see you.If you're like most people, you're wondering, hearing this and saying, where are the parents? Well, they might actually be part of the problem. The Arizona Republic spoke to an employee of Travis Renner, the father of that suspect that Trace just mentioned, Talan Renner. Now, she says she was brought on to help manage the crisis.And as Trace alluded to, she said Travis first took his son away to a cabin so that his hands had time to heal. The dad talked about divesting himself from his company to protect his assets and so on.And perhaps the most galling, she says that discussions turned on pinning the killing on another teen, a boy with the same first name as Renner's sons, although it's spelled differently.Joining me now from Phoenix is radio host Mike Broomhead with KTAR News. Mike, now I've been following this for some time, but this isn't the first time this one kid, especially, has done this. What can you tell us?MIKE BROOMHEAD, PHOENIX RADIO HOST: Well, we've been following this for quite a while. It's a big story here in the valley. And what we've found out is as the police began to investigate, it seems to be not just a coordinated effort, but a lot of these kids are doing it and beating kids up, putting it up on social media. And kids knew more about it than their parents did until the police got involved.INGRAHAM: Now, Mike, you think about teenagers, you know, they have their entire lives in front of them. And to read these text messages, these Snapchat messages, maybe I'm just too strong. I mean, there's all like a lot of bravado with zero, it seems, compassion or respect for human life.This is what we've been addressing on The Angle now for quite some time. What is happening to our young people?BROOMHEAD: Yeah, it's interesting that you say that. All week long here at KTAR News, we're doing a series about youth on the edge and it's covering just that. Is this a byproduct of what we saw from the lockdowns and the mental health issues with young people? And that's the big concern is these kids are acting out. They're videotaping it. They're putting it up on social media. They're proud of it.INGRAHAM: But why?BROOMHEAD: That's the difference now, you know.INGRAHAM: But why? Why are they doing it, though, Mike? Is this a lack of parenting, zero value system, a general sense of nihilism or godlessness, a desire for fame at any cost?BROOMHEAD: Yeah, I think there's a lot of that. I think a lot of all of the above. I also think back when I was a teenager, I fought like boys would fight, but we weren't picking on people. We certainly didn't have the ability to post it on the Internet.There seems to be a mob mentality when they get together. One set of anger fuels the next and it just gets out of control. And it just gets to be a huge issue. And unfortunately, Preston Lord died.INGRAHAM: Another alleged victim of these so-called goons shared his story of how they attacked. Watch.BROOMHEAD: Yeah.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We're approached by 10 to 12 guys. Seem pretty friendly. And I heard one of his friends say the keys are in his car. Get his car.UNKNOWN: Connor stood in his way and says he was then hit in the head.UNKNOWN: He was hit in the back of the head with brass knuckles and he immediately felt blood gushing down his back.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Brass knuckles, Mike. I mean, people hear about this with gangs and, you know, here in L.A. maybe or, you know, parts of Chicago or D.C., but you don't think of this in a suburb of Phoenix necessarily, do you?BROOMHEAD: No, you don't. And Gilbert and Clean Creek, this part of the valley is a very bedroom community, upper middle class. Many of these families are very wealthy. Not what you anticipate.So, this kind of shows you how wide these issues that become. It's not just inner-city things that are happening. It's happening everywhere.INGRAHAM: Yeah. And the parents, as usual, trying to clean up the messes of their kids and not being parents. Mike, thank you for your report. Yeah, that's -- go ahead. You can wrap that up.BROOMHEAD: No, I was going to say that's the worst part about this is the accusation against the parents and friends of the parents and the length they went to cover this up. If, in fact, that did happen.But the parents have been arrested and they stand to do a considerable amount of time in prison if they're convicted, horrifying to think they'd cover up a murder.INGRAHAM: Now, we haven't confirmed that, but we're certainly following that, Mike, thank you. Now, next are, well, Governor Hair Gel, his liberal cohorts about to put restaurants out of business here. Restaurant owner and chef, Andrew Gruel, explains next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The future happens here first, California, where America's coming to traction.UNKNOWN: Yeah.UNKNOWN: This is a big deal. Yeah. Twenty dollars an hour.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: T.I.L. Typical ignorant liberal. California's war against restaurants continued yesterday when Newsom's $20 an hour minimum wage went to effect for fast-food chains.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It affects big names like McDonald's, Starbucks and Chipotle. Some of those businesses have already said they'll be forced to raise prices at their restaurants. The reality of paying more for fast food brought fast response.UNKNOWN: It's going to be more tougher for us to be able to afford a full meal for, in my case, a family of five or six.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Another progressive policy that might sound good in theory, but the cost of living here is already out of control. So, in practice, it's a complete nightmare.Joining me now, Chef Andrew Gruel, restaurant owner and founder of American Gravy Concepts. Andrew, now, I thought this was supposed to, and I want to make sure everyone understands this, really only affect the big corporations. But how is this trickling down to the smaller groups?ANDREW GRUEL, RESTAURANT OWNER: Yeah, great question. So, this was marketed as a way in which the corporations were going to pay their fair share and help the workers. But in reality, this is actually going to help the corporation and it's going to hurt the workers and the small businesses, which those are kind of one in the same to some degree.So, the way that that works, right, the corporations, the large multi-unit groups, they knew this was coming, so they're automating a lot of their standard operating --INGRAHAM: I saw that. A lot of the robots are coming.GRUEL: Yeah.INGRAHAM: They're already at McDonald's.GRUEL: Robots co-packing those $60,000 kiosks, right. So, they're laying workers off. So now all these workers are going to be losing their jobs. We saw Pizza Hut laid off hundreds of workers.And now you've got these small businesses who they're not required by law to pay the $20 an hour, but when more than, you know, 40 or 45 percent of all the restaurants in California are part of this fast-food coalition that's targeted by this bill, well, everybody has to increase their floor in terms of paying that number.So, they're almost by proxy through this bill mandating everybody to pay this $20 an hour. And the small businesses, they don't have the disposable income or the capital to automate, right? So, they're either going to have to increase their prices or close.INGRAHAM: I see. So that's how they're being squeezed by this. Now, some restaurant owners, Andrew, have already increased prices to offset, what are these, new labor costs? A McDonald's franchisee owning, I guess, 18 restaurants, said he's been forced to raise menu prices between 5 percent and 7 percent in response to the new law. Have you had to raise any of your prices?GRUEL: Well, we've had to raise our prices over the past year or two just generally by virtue of the economy, but not specific to this bill, because we already are paying our workers a significant percentage above what the existing minimum wage is.INGRAHAM: Because you can't get workers, right?GRUEL: Yeah. And for our business, you know, a lot of it is about -- our team members have been with us for so long. But here's the thing. Think about it this way. If I pay, say, 25 percent above the floor, that's minimum wage. Now I do have to increase 25 percent above this new minimum wage.And when I say it hurts workers is because it's not just the workers that are getting laid off. But when the prices in their local community goes up, well, then it hurts them as a consumer.INGRAHAM: Everything else. You don't have expendable income, any extra income to get by.GRUEL: And if this was about helping the workers, well, number one, cut payroll taxes, which we know this is the highest in the country.INGRAHAM: The worst.GRUEL: And number two, right, don't make exemptions. They've gotten out. They've exempted museums, airports, amusement parks, bakeries. And furthermore, the living wage in Bakersfield, California, is $16 an hour. The living wage in San Francisco is $35 an hour. So why aren't they mandating $35 an hour in San Francisco?INGRAHAM: Andrew, I fear for what's going to happen here. But thank you for being a relentless voice for sanity throughout all of us. Thanks so much. Great to see you in person.GRUEL: Yeah, you too.INGRAHAM: All right. A pop star slams a Barbie movie. And a Shake Shack receipt is the center of a new squatting scandal. Jimmy Failla, and all that, and a lot more after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now it's time for WTF, What the Failla. Joining me now, Jimmy Failla, host of Fox News Saturday Night. Jimmy, it's been so long.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST: I know. I'm trying not to get emotional, but here we go.INGRAHAM: I know. It's very -- I'm getting very verklempt. All right, Jimmy, a New York City couple is being sued by squatters. I know you've done some squatting. And they refuse to leave. I guess it's almost a million-dollar house. And they say that they can prove that they live there. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: They have this receipt, an Uber Eats receipt from Shake Shack that they ordered food to the house on January 15th. As if you can't order food to any house. Like, if I order food across the street, I guess that's my house, too. I mean, we have someone who's in a shelter right now waiting for a home in a city that's in a housing crisis. And, you know, the law is entertaining these criminals.(END VIDEO CLIP)FAILLA: Oh, man.INGRAHAM: Jimmy, they're just not that smart either, are they?FAILLA: No.INGRAHAM: The squatters.FAILLA: Yeah. Well, let me tell you why this whole thing falls apart, too. It's a $25 receipt from Shake Shack delivered to your house, which is a physical impossibility. That's like one fry, plus a delivery fee, number one, to the point the woman makes, if every place you've ever gotten food delivered makes you a resident. I own like seventy-five houses this week alone, OK.But here's the problem with liberal states, Laura. I'm going to give you a real synopsis because you know I care, OK. When we were kids, when we were kids, we all played two games, cops and robbers and cowboys and Elizabeth Warrens. But stick with me.When you played cops and robbers, when you played cops and robbers, everybody knew the robbers were the bad guys. The reason these liberals don't realize the robbers are the bad guys is a lot of them didn't have friends as kids. If you had friends as kids, you had enough to play these games. You knew the right and wrong of society.They don't have friends. They're unlikable people. How could you side with a squatter? They broke into a house. Get them out.INGRAHAM: The fact that it costs hundreds of -- we're here in L.A., and this is happening frequently in the Los Angeles area where people have to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to actually get these people out. And it takes sometimes up to a year.Now, Jimmy, we just talked about restaurant costs with a restaurant owner because of the $20 minimum wage here in California. But it looks like there are other fees still showing up on receipts. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Went to a restaurant last night and I got the bill and they charged me a COVID fee. And I asked the guy, what's the COVID fee? He goes, well, we got to wipe down the menus. Wipe down the menus. You're charging $3 to wipe down your own menus?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's one of your buddies. I know he's funny.FAILLA: Yeah, I've worked with Sebastian a lot at Gotham Comedy Club down the block. Great dude. So, yes, first of all, it's amazing that the restaurants are basically telling you they weren't wiping down the menus before, OK. Number one.INGRAHAM: Gross.FAILLA: But number two, he also alluded to this being a coffee house during the video. Now, that would make sense because most of the men who hang out at coffee houses drive there with a mask on in the car, OK. Most of the women who hang out at coffee houses drive there with a mask on their cat.So, if it was a coffee house, I'm not shocked. But Sebastian's right to say it's a scam.INGRAHAM: Oh, we flew here today and people had their children still in masks, Jimmy, on a five-hour flight. Yeah.FAILLA: Child abuse.INGRAHAM: All right. Really quickly. Everyone's heard about Shakira said, you know, the Barbie movie. She took her sons and, you know, really kind of trashed the movie. They felt that it was emasculating and, you know, et cetera, et cetera, because she's raising two boys.Thank God someone's actually talking about this. Thank goodness we have celebrities who actually have some common sense. And I didn't see the movie. I'm not going to see it. But, yeah.FAILLA: Congratulate -- congratulations to Shakira on never being booked in Hollywood again. But she's missing the whole point of Barbie, which is to find out if your son is straight, OK. That's why you take them. If he likes it, he's not. If he doesn't --INGRAHAM: We're getting in trouble.