JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And I guess the big question, no question on the Democratic side, the big question will be does Trump blow it out tonight or does Nikki Haley live to see another day?SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, John, great to be with you. Set your DVR, never miss us. Thanks for joining us. I'm Sandra Smith.ROBERTS: And I'm John Roberts. "THE STORY" with Martha starts right now.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The story goes on today. Very big day. Thank you very much, you guys. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum. And this is THE STORY. It's the biggest primary day of the year. Voters going to polls all across the country today, coast to coast, on this Super-duper Tuesday. We've got more than a dozen states in the mix.More than 850 Republican delegates are up for grabs out there. You've got 1,420 Democrat delegates that are up for grabs there as well today. Former President Trump's team feeling very good about how things look for them this evening. They are predicting "avalanche" that could help him lock up the nomination as early as next week, maybe the week after looking at all of this. But for Nikki Haley, she says she's still got a long way to go.We'll see what she decides tonight and beyond. Former President Trump is leading the delegate count now. There's look 273 for him, 43 for the former governor of South Carolina, Nikki Haley, and as I mentioned, 850 plus are up for grabs tonight. And the magic number for the GOP is 1215 to win the nomination. Aishah Hasnie, live on a beautiful looking day in West Palm Beach in Florida. Hi, Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, Martha, good evening, or good afternoon to you. Yes, 80 degrees here in Palm Beach. Very gorgeous. Of course, Mar-a-Lago preparing for what is expected to be a big party. Former President Trump says that he expects to win every single state tonight. The campaign is telling me they're looking at walking away tonight with more than a thousand, close to 1,100 delegates. And he says there really is no path for Nikki Haley ahead. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, my focus is really at this point, it's on Biden. We should win almost every state today. I think every state. Last night, as you know, we won with 87 percent of the vote. We won North Dakota, a great state with a great governor, by the way. But we really look at it, Biden. We think we're going to be very well unified. I've never seen enthusiasm.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So, yesterday, Trump called that historic, unanimous Supreme Court ruling a unifying decision for the country. Unifying the party is actually something Nikki Haley has been hitting him hard on, saying that he's alienating her voters, voters that he's going to need in November. Here's what voters are telling us across the country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: As it stands today, I would still vote for him on election day.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump isn't talking about these issues, he's talking about himself, and that's what's upsetting me.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Would you still vote for him if he got convicted of any of them?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I would vote. I would still vote for him. I would vote for him because, you know, even if he did do something shady, I believe all politicians do shady things, you know.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: And Martha, immigration and the economy, of course, still topping the issues for voters today and you can hear it every time Trump speaks he wants to pivot now to the general. Martha?MACCALLUM: Absolutely, you can hear that in that sound from him earlier thank you very much, Aishah. Aishah Hasnie in Palm Beach, let's go over to correspondent Bill Melugin who is live with the Haley campaign in Charleston, South Carolina. Hi Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha, good afternoon to you. Well, the Nikki Haley camp says over the last 10 days or so, Haley has traveled more than 8,000 miles, has held 15 different rallies, and has met with thousands of voters. They say she's been putting in the work. Nikki Haley is pushing back against speculation that she should drop out. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I don't know why everybody's so adamant that they have to follow Trump's lead to get me out of this race. You know, all of these people deserve to vote. 16 states want to have their voices heard. Let's let their voices get heard. I haven't heard him pledge to me that he would support me if I won. So, I don't know why I have to go and pledge to him.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And this is Nikki Haley campaigning in Texas last night. Her campaign telling us to keep an eye on the states she visited in recent days. Texas, one of them. The state of Maine, another. We actually met a Maine primary voter out here in South Carolina on vacation. She's a registered independent who told us she already voted for Nikki Haley in the main primary. Here's why.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WENDY SPURIA, MAINE PRIMARY VOTER: She stands for everything I stand for. She's a strong female. She was a great ambassador. She was a great governor. Very strong in her convictions.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And Martha, Nikki Haley is going to be here in Charleston this evening. However, she has no public event scheduled and her campaign tells us on background that is not expected to change. We'll send it back to you.MACCALLUM: Interesting. OK, Bill, thank you very much. Joining me now, Marc Thiessen, former Chief Speechwriter for President George W. Bush, American Enterprise Institute Senior fellow, and Fox News Contributor. And Hogan Gidley, former Trump Campaign National Press Secretary and White House Principal Deputy Press Secretary, now America First Policy Institute Senior Advisor for Strategic Communications. Gentlemen, great to have both of you here. Thank you very much for being here. Marc, let me start with you. What are you watching tonight? What are you expecting?MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I'm going to skip my power nap. I don't think it's going to be a super long night. I mean, look, I have tons of respect for Nikki Haley, but Donald Trump's going to be the nominee for all but done after tonight. And that's for two reasons. First, because the left is weaponizing the justice system against him and that's caused Republicans to rally around him.And second of all, because Joe Biden is so weak that it's taken away Nikki Haley's main argument, which is that she's more electable than he is. If you look at the Republican voters, she was basically saying, don't go with your heart, go with your head. You know, I can win, he's going to lose to Joe Biden, but Joe Biden looks so weak. He's the most unpopular president in the history of presidential polling.His numbers are twice as bad as Donald Trump's were in 2020 at this time. Something like, I want to say 43 percent of Americans say that his policies have made their lives worse. You know, usually you ask, are you better off now than you were four years ago? A plurality of Americans, only 18 percent say he's made their lives better. People think he's too old, that he can't have another term, and so that's taken away her argument entirely for the rationale of her campaign.MACCALLUM: Hogan, what are we looking at?HOGAN GIDLEY, AMERICA FIRST POLICY INSTITUTE SENIOR ADVISOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: Yes, absolutely. I think Donald Trump has kind of had a stranglehold on the GOP now for quite some time. This is going to be the exclamation point in what has been kind of a short sentence, which is Donald Trump is going to be the nominee for the Republican Party.And look, it's not just about what Marc said, although he's absolutely correct, it's also about the policies. This is so unique. What we have is a sitting president who has a body of work and a former president who also has a body of work. Those policies, the America First policies, improve the lives of all Americans, regardless of race, religion, color or creed.You can't really point to anything Biden has done that makes not just our present any better at all, but what gives a condition for the future to be any better either. And so, a lot of people are looking at this and going wait a minute, we know we have with Joe Biden we know we had with Donald Trump. So, the electability argument for the other GOP candidates went out the window a long time ago. They know Donald Trump can win and they're looking to return to those successes.THIESSEN: They may be wrong. I mean, so think about this the American people, if you, if you think that everything I said about Joe Biden's numbers a disastrous, he's the most unpopular president history, if you think he can't win, I've got two words for you, Senator Fetterman. I mean, the voters have said that if they don't like the GOP alternative, they will vote for a guy who just had a stroke, who had a debate where he couldn't put a coherent sentence together. And Donald Trump is the only person who's less popular than Joe Biden is Donald Trump. A lot of people don't want this choice. And so, it could go either way.MACCALLUM: It's fascinating. And, you know, I just point out in the RealClearPolitics average, Trump has been ahead in the head-to-head for about the last 140 days. In the 2020 cycle and 2016 cycle, he was ahead for only five days and never against Joe Biden. So, I guess the question becomes, Hogan, you know, has there been a real shift in terms of his polling momentum? And is it enough? You know, is it five points and not two points? Because that's what's going to be required to get over the hump that you're talking about, Marc, if the former president wants to win.GIDLEY: Of course, it's going to tighten as it gets closer. But these are choices down to two people, right? It's chicken or beef. You don't get to choose sushi or fish on this menu. You got two options, obviously, Joe Biden is the chicken, and Donald Trump is the beef. But the point is, the American people take a look at this ballot and they go, wait a minute, one gave us success, one has given us failure, the choice is obvious.Now, will it tighten? Of course, because these elections don't happen in a vacuum. Donald Trump's just not going to get to wail on Joe Biden and Joe Biden is not going to respond. It's going to be long, it's going to be bloody, and it's going to be brutal. It's going to be up to the American people and I think they're going to go back to this.MACCALLUM: Yes, I think it gets way more complicated than just chicken or beef. I think things happen along the way. I think you've got a couple of these, you know, third party candidates, a potential no labels thing. And when you're looking at two or three points, how does it match up when you get into, especially where it matters in these swing states will be a subject that we'll have a lot of discussion about this afternoon and evening. So, we look forward to seeing a lot more of you guys, Marc Thiessen and Hogan Gidley.THIESSEN: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Always good to see you.GIDLEY: You too.MACCALLUM: Thank you for coming in today. So, a majority of voters believe President Biden has severely mismanaged the border crisis as Fox presses the White House once again on how it is possible -- we talked to John Kirby about this yesterday -- that the President of the United States never spoke to his Border Patrol chief, the last one, and this one he just met last Thursday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: How is President Biden going to fix the border if he can go years without talking to the head of Border Patrol?(END VIDEO CLIP) MACCALLUM: Pete Hegseth joins me next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: How is that possible?JOHN KIRBY, NSC COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: Well, the president's engaged with DHS, he's engaged with leadership there.MACCALLUM: But why not the Border Patrol?KIRBY: He's engaged with the Border Patrol. Martha --(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Breaking today, a bombshell report claims the Biden administration flew more than 300,000 migrants into the United States from foreign airports last year. So, don't mess around with the border. Just fly right in. The Center for Immigration Studies says that migrants pay their own flights after applying for travel authorization on CBP One app.But the Feds claim that they can't reveal the 43 airports that reportedly received the migrants because it would "reveal operational vulnerabilities" that could be exploited by bad actors. In a statement to the story, CBP says "we do not comment on pending litigation." Wow.Here now, "FOX AND FRIENDS WEEKEND" co-host, Pete Hegseth, host of tonight's Super Tuesday coverage on Fox Nation, which gets underway at 7:00 p.m. Eastern. Pete --PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Martha.MACCALLUM: What's going on here?HEGSETH: Well, it's Super Tuesday, and you'll be covering it all night tonight.MACCALLUM: Yes.HEGSETH: There is a reason immigration is number one -- is the number one issue. Even amongst independents now. Because they -- everyone senses and now we've confirmed they are not telling us the truth.But we can see what their own lying eyes what's happening at the border, because of the coverage of the Fox News Channel. And that doesn't even count gotaways that we're not aware of, or unknown gotaways, or the people that go through ports of entry.Now, because of a FOIA request, a Freedom of Information Act request, the government is now admitting that through an app -- and we've known about this app for a long time.MACCALLUM: Yes.HEGSETH: Except it was supposed to be used at the border, like, hey, here is how we create an orderly process at ports of entry. So, you apply in an app in a foreign country, claim some sort of an asylum status.We don't know all the parameters of this policy, what countries? What fits the parameters? Where are they flying them in here? They won't tell us in the rest of the FOIA, all of this information.So, it takes an outside group to force DHS to tell us about a secret program that's flying illegal immigrants into our country where they just skip the border.We have the border for them. Get out of -- who's paying for the -- I mean, who's paying for the flights? I know, they say they are paying for the tickets themselves.MACCALLUM: Right.HEGSETH: Great, wonderful, saving the taxpayers.What are the implications of this? How much do they vet them in the home countries? Probably, just as much as the border? Good half hour? We'll see you in two years for your court appearance.MACCALLUM: Yes, yes.HEGSETH: It's staggering.MACCALLUM: Yes, I feel them. Because there were times in these conversations when we're looking at the border where I say, can you imagine if people tried to get through TSA this way? But they are.HEGSETH: But they are.MACCALLUM: They are. So, I like -- you know, when -- if you go to a different country, you're going to be -- your passport, your -- you know, you're going to buy your ticket, you're not going to just walk into another country through an airport. But this shows that, that is exactly what is happening, Pete.So, the question, really, the big question is why?HEGSETH: That's been the big question through app.MACCALLUM: Why? Why are we doing this?HEGSETH: Well, I think at some level, they want a fundamental transformation of our country, whether it's voters, whether it's workers, whatever it is, they feel like letting in unvetted people from around the world serves America's purpose, or serves their party's purpose, or bows to the view of globalist, or open borders folks. I think it's an unholy mix of all of it.There are some states where you don't have to show I.D. to vote, maybe they can vote there. I don't know. We don't know the full rationale. But at this point, it's spiraling out of control.If this was, oh, Donald Trump's policies were inhumane. So, we're going to do the opposite. This is the opposite on hyperdrive. And now, spinning out of control where every logical extent of it has led us to a new corner where we're letting everyone in for any reason. And now, we're flying people in.I remember, I -- when I was called a conspirator -- conspiracy theorists for saying, they are flying people in the middle of the night, secretly from the border across. Remember that?MACCALLUM: Sure.HEGSETH: There were -- there were fact checkers saying that's not true, because we don't have information on it. They don't want us to have the information.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: But we saw the planes landing, and we saw the people getting off of the getting off of them, and photographers, were there on the scene to cover it.And you know what? People -- that's not happening anymore, people questioning whether or not this is happening?Take a look at these poll numbers. Voters rate the Biden administration on border security as "mostly failed" 71 percent.So, these policies, it would appear, and we'll see what happens on election day. But these are backfiring on them, Pete.HEGSETH: Yes, I actually agree with the 24 percent.I think they have succeeded at this point. With whatever they wanted, which is importing new people into the country, they've done a really good job.Over -- we don't -- we have no idea. We say we think we know 8 or 9 million.MACCALLUM: Right.HEGSETH: Between the gotaways or between the programs like this between ports of entry.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Well, here is another 400,000 right here.HEGSETH: We have no idea to staggering them out.MACCALLUM: Yes.HEGSETH: And that's why voters, I think, will walk over glass to the polls to vote for a change on this policy.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes. And as we hear over and over from voters, and we have some sound of people talking about this, but they don't have any problem with, you know, people legally migrating to the country. That's how every generation of American got here over time.But this enormous flood and these plane programs, and it's just absolutely out of control. And I think any common-sense American can see that for what it is. And I think that's why you're seeing these numbers in the polls as well.HEGSETH: No doubt.MACCALLUM: Pete, thank you so much.HEGSETH: Thanks, Martha.MACCALLUM: We look forward to seeing you tonight.HEGSETH: Yes, we'll be --MACCALLUM: And great to have you here --HEGSETH: We're just the side watch party. You're the main event. You will be here.MACCALLUM: No, it's the cool -- it's the cool kids at the side watch party. So, we're going to dip in.(CROSSTALK)HEGSETH: Watch Bret and Martha and we'll be over here on your second screen. How about that?MACCALLUM: Thank you. We'll (INAUDIBLE). Thank you very much.So, we do have a big lineup ahead on this Super Tuesday, Brian Brandberg, Clay Travis, former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy, all coming up right here.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: President Biden is saying --OK. We have President Biden. We're going to cue that up. But a sound from just moments ago, he is taking action he says to lower prices in the country as a new poll shows that the economy is the number one concern for Americans. 73 percent say that it should be a top priority for the president and Congress in a new Pew Research survey, followed by defending against terrorism, reducing the influence of money in politics, reducing health care costs, improving education, and saving social security, 60 percent. Want that? But no politicians like to talk about it.Brian Brenberg is here, co-host of "THE BIG MONEY SHOW" on Fox Business.Nikki Haley tried to talk a little bit about how to save social security. But most people don't want to touch it.BRIAN BRENBERG, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes.MACCALLUM: Welcome. It's good to have you here.BRENBERG: Good to see you.MACCALLUM: So, is this the new focus for the president as we see this sort of Cookie Monster influence that people are talking about?BRENBERG: Yes. Purely Cookie Monster gets his attention, he wants to change policies.MACCALLUM: Exactly. Put this up as we start here, guys, Cookie Monster tweeted, "Me hate shrinkflation. Me cookies are getting smaller," to which Sherrod Brown says, "Me too, Cookie Monster. Big corporations shrink the size of their products without shrinking their prices, all to pay for CEO bonuses. People in Ohio are fed up. What do you say, Brian?BRENBERG: Yes, we're being -- we are being governed by these people. This is our economic policy response to Cookie Monster. Here is what's sad about this.So, the president creates this strike force on unfair prices. OK? So, he's going to do something with the strike force. But, notice what's going to happen. It's the FTC. And the DOJ, and what are those two entities do? They sue people?So, what they are going to do is sue all these companies because their prices are unfair. What's that going to do to the companies? That's going to raise their costs and raise their prices, and we're going to have a worse situation than we have right now, because he wants to look like he is doing something. So, Cookie Monster's cookies don't get smaller.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes. You know, I was reading a piece this morning about how capitalism is the defining characteristic that sets this country apart from all of our enemies, all of our big enemies, right?BRENBERG: Right.MACCALLUM: So, if you squash capitalism, you are going to put that into remission, which is not a great idea, probably.Here is the president, just speaking moments ago. We now have that piece of sound. Let's watch.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Many companies have done the right thing, they've helped lower costs for Americans. But even as supply chains are back to normal, some companies are still not passing along the savings to their customers.I'll tell you what -- I tell you who did notice, the Cookie Monster.That's why today, I'm launching the new strike force to watch on unfair and illegal pricing. Crackdown on companies who break the law or keeping prices high for American consumers.MACCALLUM: No mention of the enormous amount of money that was printed post COVID that fueled inflation there.(CROSSTALK)BRENBERG: No.MACCALLUM: It's all the big bad company's fault.BRENBERG: Well, and by the way, also, the big bad lie here. He is saying they are not passing on savings. Nobody's gotten savings, Martha. The price level hasn't come down, the inflation rate has come down. But prices are still going up. Companies, prices are still going up, our prices are still going up. There is no savings under the Biden administration. And they are lying when they say that companies aren't passing that on. They don't have anything to pass on. They're shrinking their products actually, to blunt the force of inflation.Biden should be thanking companies for blunting inflation, because if they weren't shrinking their products, our prices would be higher, and he'd be getting more blamed for it.MACCALLUM: You know, Sherrod Brown, as I said, in that tweet, sort of pointing the finger at how all that money is going to bonuses -- CEO bonuses. Does he have a point?BRENBERG: No, I don't think he has any point. I think he's least casting around. This is the anti-rich, anti-wealth crusade that they are on. And again, let's talk about how you actually generate wealth in America. People investing in companies, entrepreneurs, building, businesses. That's why nobody buys this.It doesn't pull. None of these polls, because Americans know you're just making stuff up to try to get through an election. And we're tired after 3- 1/2 years of this stuff, give us something real not Cookie Monster.MACCALLUM: Yes. I mean, I expect that at the State of the Union, we're going to hear about programs to relieve student debt, things like that. I wonder if we will hear about innovative ways to generate more business growth in the country. And just, you know, make it easier for people to start a new business, make it easier for people to run the business that they have. Pie in the sky or I think we might hear something like that?(CROSSTALK)BRENBERG: If we -- if we hear that, Martha, I will fall out of my chair that night. I guarantee, it's going to be (INAUDIBLE).(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: It seems so basic, right? But yet, we don't hear anyone talk about generating new business.BRENBERG: That's why we've lost confidence in this president. I think that's why.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: And a good (INAUDIBLE). All right. Brian, thank you very much.BRENBERG: You bet.MACCALLUM: That's what the polls show. Brian Brenberg, good to see you.BRENBERG: Yes.MACCALLUM: So, another issue that President Biden is still not able to escape this election, keeps coming up in every poll, the age problem.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VAN JONES, POLITICAL ANALYST, CNN: He has a chance this week though, to remind people that sometimes having a good grandpa on the case is better than having a bad grandpa on the case.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Kayleigh McEnany, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So President Biden facing some new concerns about his age, this issue doesn't change as the days go by. He's getting ready for his State of the Union Address on Thursday. More than 60% of those who voted for him in 2020 now say he's too old. Think about that. Let's go back on that one more time.60% of the people who voted for him in 2020 now say that he is too old. This is the part of the New York Times -Siena College poll. 60% of Democrats feel that way, 75% of Independent voters say that Biden is too old to be an effective president. Two thirds nearly of black voters, more than 70% of Hispanics and more than 70% of registered voters over all, those are devastating poll numbers if they continue to hold up. Here is CNN political commentator Van Jones.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VAN JONES, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: Unfortunately, he can't get any younger, so it's not that much that they can do about it. He has a chance this week, though, to remind people that sometimes having a good grandpa on the case is better than having a bad grandpa in the case.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Here's what the president had to say about his poll numbers today. Watch this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What's your message to Democrats who are concerned about your poll number?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES: My poll numbers, the last five polls, you guys didn't report, I'm winning. Five, five in a row. You guys only look at the New York Times. They're a great paper.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So with me now, "Outnumbered" co-host and former White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany. Kayleigh, great to have you with us.You were White House press secretary, I just pointed out, how are they handling this message? And should they be handling it differently than shaking your finger in the face of reporters and telling them that they're not paying attention to the right polls?KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes. They should be handling it entirely differently, and that's where state of the union is so important. I mean, to Van Jones's point, that's the chance to come out and show a different Joe Biden.Look, if I miss press team, you're in a quagmire here because you can't put your boss on a debate stage across from President Trump. I don't think anyone thinks that's going to go well. So what do you do? You try to create carefully manufactured high value appearances.And, you know, for them, they decided late night comedy was one of those. And it seemed to me very choreographed. I want to -- I'd love to know the degree to which he knew some of the questions coming --MACCALLUM: Certainly felt that way. It was like, here comes the setup, OK. Here's the punch line. Yes.MCENANY: Yes. It's an impossible situation. But that's where state of the union, if you think about this, likely the biggest audience he will have this election if he chooses not to debate, Thursday night, is his really last chance in front of a massive audience to reintroduce himself.MACCALLUM: Do you think they can get away with not debating at all in a presidential election?MCENANY: They will try. I think they can get away with it. I mean, we've seen debates take on a less important role, certainly in the primary, Donald Trump running away with it. They can get away with it. But they've got to get him out there. I think it will be inexcusable to the American public to just have a basement strategy. This is no longer the era of COVID.MACCALLUM: Yes, it sure isn't. Here is former President Trump, and this also got a lot of attention. Let's watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: And Putin, you know, has so little respect for Obama that he's starting to throw around the nuclear war -- you heard that nuclear. He's starting to talk nuclear weapons today.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Kind of quiet in the room after he said that. It's the second time that he's referred to Biden as Obama. They basically said, well, he just thinks that Obama is, you know, the person who's running things at the White House. But then to just say it again, what do you think?MCENANY: Well, he has said that some of that is strategic, who knows? Maybe some are slips, maybe some are not. But the polling doesn't bear out that Biden and Trump have the same problem. People uniquely see Biden as someone who cannot handle the job. They see former President Trump, they see someone who has -- who's aggressive at times, who's a leader in many cases, and who is very -- bear with it.So, I mean, they don't have the same problem as much as the Biden campaign wants to try to transpose their problem on to Trump. They've tried that for a few months and it just simply hasn't worked. Check out the New York Times/Siena poll.MACCALLUM: Yes. No, exactly. I mean, you look at the polling on it, as you point out, and more people have confidence in his ability to be president than they do in Biden's ability to do the job. And one of the most stunning poll numbers that we're seeing is that 10% of Biden voters last time around are swinging to Trump.MCENANY: Yes, big number.MACCALLUM: That's -- yes, that's a wide margin. So, Kayleigh, thank you.MCENANY: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Great to see you. We'll see you later.MCENANY: Yes. So a fresh meltdown from progressive pundits after the Supreme Court rules against blocking former President Trump from being on several state ballots.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SUNNY HOSTIN, THE VIEW HOST: I think what we saw was a court where justices that behaved in a partisan manner.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Clay Travis joins me next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Breaking moments ago in New Jersey, Senator Bob Menendez and his wife, Nadine, reportedly facing new charges of obstruction of justice, that according to Reuters. They have already been indicted on charges of taking bribes including cash, gold bars and Mercedes in exchange for helping Egypt. Both have pled not guilty. Senator Menendez has stepped down as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, but he's refusing to resign from the Senate.And Democrats not giving up after the unanimous Supreme Court ruling keeping former President Trump on the ballot, even as voters go to more polls in more than a dozen states on this Super Tuesday. Jamie Raskin says the fight to get them off the ballot, not over.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): I am working with a number of my colleagues, including Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Eric Swalwell to revive legislation that we had to set up a process, by which we could determine that someone who committed insurrection is disqualified by section 3 of the 14th amendment.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So the former president has not been charged or convicted on the charge of insurrection. Keith Olbermann, former sportscaster and MSNBC host posting, "The Supreme Court has betrayed democracy. Its members, including Jackson, Kagan and Sotomayor have proved themselves inept at reading comprehension. And collectively, the court has shown itself to be corrupt and illegitimate. It must be dissolved.Good gracious. Let's bring in OutKick founder Clay Travis. Clay, good to have you with us today. Here's what -- I want to play what President Trump said on Fox and Friends this morning, watch this, about Jamie Raskin's effort. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: They're real losers. If they spent their time focusing on the country and making America great again, that would be a lot better than just wasting their time. I've been going through the years, beating them for years. And it's the same voices, the same faces. They never stop. They don't care about our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: But Jamie Raskin making it clear that the Supreme Court decision isn't the end of this. He's going to keep going, Clay.CLAY TRAVIS, FOUNDER, OUTKICK: Yes, they're crazy. And I think that Trump - - that Donald Trump is right with what he was saying on Fox and Friends. But what you showed, Martha, I think from Keith Olbermann is really important.A lot of people on the left have decided that Trump is such a threat to the country that they're willing to dissolve the Supreme Court, which just agreed, now I know that he can be on the ballot. When they say things like this, I think it's really important to recognize what they are arguing. They are these left wingers. Everything that they claim Trump is.They're the ones trying to put Trump in prison for the rest of his life. They're the ones trying to bankrupt Donald Trump. They're the ones in Colorado, Maine and Illinois, who tried to keep people from being able to vote for Donald Trump. If that's not a direct threat to democracy, Martha, I don't know what is.And I think the big picture here story is that overwhelmingly Americans are seeing Oh, Trump, if that's not a direct threat to democracy, Martha, I don't know what is. And I think the big picture to you story is that overwhelmingly Americans are seeing this now. And I think that we are having Democrats, one of the most disastrous own goals that we may have ever seen in the history of modern American politics, has been the decision to charge Trump in four different jurisdictions, because it's all redounded to Trump's benefit.And I think if the election were being decided today, I'm about to go vote in the Tennessee primary, Martha. I think Trump would win a comparative landslide over Joe Biden. And I think a lot of Democrats since that, which is why they're so angry about the Supreme Court.MACCALLUM: Yes. And you have to wonder about the calculations in some of these cases, like Maine and Colorado, right, because it has just blown right back at them in a nine zero decision, I might add. I mean, every one of the justices --TRAVIS: Yes.MACCALLUM: -- he names in that email, in that text message. He accuses them of not having reading comprehension, which is, you know, very insulting to these justices who, you know, I don't think it's too difficult to guess or be smarter than he is.But anyway, I want to get your thoughts on this because this bill had got a lot of buzz this morning. There was a memo that came out from someone at the Veterans Affairs Department, which said that the kissing photo, the very famous moment of celebratory Time Square jubilation, where this sailor plants a kiss on this nurse, you know, all across the country, the symbol of absolute victory and joy. But they said that they were going to pull this from all VA hospitals, this image.The memorandum requests, the removal of the photograph from all Veterans Health Administration facilities in alignment with the VA's commitment to maintaining a safe, respectful and trauma-informed environment, saying that it was any non-consensual kiss, Clay. And then they said, oh, no, that's not going to happen. This image is not banned, says Denis McDonough, the VA Secretary. Not banned. We will keep it in VA facilities. What do you make of all this?TRAVIS: The only reason they changed their mind is because so many Americans of all political persuasions looked at this and said, this is manifestly ridiculous. This is probably, Martha, I would argue, and you and I didn't get to experience and I can only imagine. I've heard from my grandparents what it was like.We beat Hitler. America defeated Hitler and the forces of evil. And it was such a joyous moment that I can only imagine what that celebration would have felt like. And for many people, that is an iconic moment that crystallizes that moment of American triumph over actual evil.And I think this is important, Martha. A lot of people now run around saying, oh, Donald Trump is a Nazi. You know, the people that you don't like in politics, they are awful Nazis. This is what beating actual Nazis felt like. Our grandparents did that. They didn't call people they disagreed with on social media Nazis. And I think this is just a personification of our failure to understand history and celebrate it.I love that moment. I'm glad this got rectified. But the fact that it could have ever happened, I think, is a profound failure in our national discourse.MACCALLUM: And it's stunning when you look at all the threats that we face, that there is one ounce of focus being paid to this issue that clearly could be going to taking care of our veterans. Some of whom are still around from World War II, and managed to come home.TRAVIS: Yes.MACCALLUM: With many of their best friends and those who fought alongside them didn't have the joy to kiss someone in the middle of Times Square. Clay, thank you very much. Always great to have you with us.TRAVIS: Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Thanks for coming on again today. Great to see you.So coming up, we have a live look at a polling location in Beverly Hills, California. 169 delegates at stake there today. More than any other state, former Speaker of the House and former Golden State congressman, he knows the state better than anybody, Kevin McCarthy joins us next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: 169 Republican delegates at stake in California tonight but there's another big prize up for grabs. Two House Democrats, Adam Schiff and Katie Porter, and Barbara Lee, that's three, are all vying to replace the late Senator Dianne Feinstein, in a race where Republican candidate and 10 time MLB All Star Steve Garvey is also hoping to play spoiler in the most expensive Senate race in California history. In moments, former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy joins us but first a correspondent Christina Coleman in Los Angeles. Hi, Christina.CHRISTINA COLEMAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Yes, open US Senate seats are rare here in California and it has been a close and expensive race to fill this seat. Now, Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff is in the lead with Republican challenger Steve Garvey. The top two finishers in Tuesday's primary we'll move on to face each other in November regardless of their political party.And keep in mind, a Republican has not been elected to a statewide office in California in nearly two decades. This state leans heavily blue. Political experts say that's why Schiffs' campaign spent millions running ads to elevate his Republican rival, Steve Garvey, noting that he has voted for Trump twice. Schiff is favored to win if he runs against Garvey in November, but Garvey remains optimistic as does the leading Democrat contender, progressive Democrat Congresswoman Katie Porter. The three leading candidates sharing their messages with voters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. KATIE PORTER (D-CA): The lead democratic elected official running in this race who's never taken corporate PAC money, that makes me different. My vote is not for sale.STEVE GARVEY (R), SENATE CANDIDATE: I never took the feel for Democrats or Republicans or libertarians, men or women. I took the field for all the fans and now I'm running for all the people.REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): We need someone in the Senate that can work together with House members in the California delegation and actually deliver for the state.(END VIDEO CLIP)COLEMAN: Now as for the presidential race, California is home to the biggest prize of delegates for both parties. And last year, the state GOP changed its primary roles allowing any candidate who wins more than 50% of the vote to be awarded all the delegates and former President Donald Trump is favored to win so he could walk away, sweeping all 169 Republican delegates. Back to you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Fascinating. Christina, thank you very much.With that rose spring and former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy, who represented California's 20th congressional district for 16 years, and was, of course, Speaker of the House. Speaker, good to have you with us. Thank you very much for joining us today.REP. KEVIN MCCARTHY (R-CA): Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: So, you know, I mean, is there any situation where Steve Garvey could actually beat Adam Schiff in this race in California? Some people say he hasn't worked hard enough in this part of the race. He'd have to work really hard if he gets through tonight.MCCARTHY: Well, it's difficult in a state like California. But remember, Steve Garvey played for the LA Dodgers and played for San Diego Padres as well. And for anybody who's an old Dodger fan, when Kirk Gibson hitting that last minute home run, you could turn it all around.Is it an uphill battle? Yes, it is. But remember, who is running against, Adam Schiff. If there's anybody I think that can unite Republicans, Independents and Democrats, it's Adam Schiff against them, the mouth that he had lied to the American public what he has wasted. Remember, as chairman of Intel, he had failed time and again, with what happened in Afghanistan, missed so many things going forward, because all he wanted to do is about impeachment. He's just purely political, and never represents the people.That's why you watched even how he's doing this campaign, he's playing everywhere he can because he's afraid of being a real race, and it's very competitive.MACCALLUM: Let's talk about the top line race between Trump and Biden. Clearly immigration has to be on the minds of Californians, especially now that Governor Abbott has really shut down a lot of the traffic and taxes, and it's moving towards California. Here's a statement from Gavin Newsom.He says, Republicans in Congress have done nothing but create chaos and sabotage any attempts at progress, including blocking the bipartisan border security deal that had everything they had been asking for. It's past time for spineless Republicans in Congress to do their job. What do you say to that?MCCARTHY: Can you even believe Gavin Newsom is a governor? I mean, think about what he's done to our state. San Francisco, more people have moved out of California than at any time in our history. We lost a congressional seat of population because of him. We have homeless throughout.We now have, because Abbott's doing his job, we've now seen a number of illegal Chinese coming into California. We've caught people on the terrorist watch list from Yemen. Why would they pick California over the others, because Gavin Newsom now gives those who come here illegally health care. Now he's proposing to provide to them also a benefit for home ownership.And think of this, this is a Governor Gavin Newsom who took the one of the largest surpluses, and now we have more than $70 billion in a deficit. And what he has continued to destroy with trying to put his eyes on trying to get to the White House. This is a real challenge for us. It's his leadership that has failed a golden state that people dreamed of ever having the opportunity to move to a now the Uhauls are going the other direction under his leadership.MACCALLUM: But is there any movement in California? I mean, the last time that a Republican won California in a presidential race was 1980, right, with Ronald Reagan. I mean, is the mood changing there? Because we certainly see in this polling, you have trump up five points over Biden, it's the only poll the other ones he's up about two. But he's been ahead in the Real Clear Politics average for 140 days almost. Is there a shift happening? What do you sense?MCCARTHY: There's a shift happening across the nation. This is what you want to see. If you go back to the 2020 election, President Trump came up to 42,918 votes nationwide from winning that election. At that moment in time, Biden favorability was a plus 10. Today, it's a minus 21.President Trump's numbers are the same. Biden's numbers have totally shifted. Every poll that I have seen in every swing state, President Trump is currently carrying. So not only could it be a big night for Republicans, it could be in the Senate and also in the House. It is going to be easier for Republicans to win seats in the House than the last two elections.And remember, we won the majority in the last election. And you know where we won the majority, in California. When I became leader and Nancy Pelosi became speaker in those two election cycles, we won five new seats for Congress. So guess, California you can win. And we're proving it and we'll probably win more this cycle as well.MACCALLUM: All right. I have a lot questions I'd like to ask you about next time, we're out of time for today. But hope you'll come back soon. Kevin McCarthy, thank you very much. Good to have you with us today.So that is "The Story" of this Tuesday, March 5th, but "The Story" goes on big time today, folks. It is Super Tuesday. I will be back at 7:00 with Bret Baier for our special coverage. Tune in this evening at 7:00. Your World starts now.