JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The president has talked about it, the former president has talked about it. It's going to be a big issue this November.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: John, great to be with you and start a new week. Thanks for joining us everyone, I'm Sandra Smith.ROBERTS: And I'm John Roberts, good to be with you as well, Sandra, we've got a big week ahead. "THE STORY" starts right now. Trace is in for Martha. Hey, Trace.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hey, John, hi Sandra, thank you both, good afternoon everybody, I'm Trace Gallagher in for Martha MacCallum. Today on THE STORY. Neil Sean on the big fallout over Princess Kate's Photoshop fail, and Caitlyn Jenner makes a special appearance here in Los Angeles. First though, the White House walks back President Biden's use of the word illegal in reference to the suspect in Laken Riley's murder after backlash from his own party. The President says he regrets using the word. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I shouldn't have used illegal, it's undocumented. And look, when I spoke about the difference between Trump and me, one of the things I talked about the border was that his way talks about vermin, the way he talks about these people polluting the blood. I talked about what I'm not going to do, what I won't do. I'm not going to treat any, any, of these people with disrespect but they built the country.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, you, you regret using that word?BIDEN: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Former President Trump blasting the reversal at a rally in Georgia where Laken Riley was killed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I say he was an illegal alien, he was an illegal immigrant, he was an illegal migrant, and he shouldn't have been in our country and he never would have been under the Trump policy.(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: Yes, the former president met with Laken Riley's loved ones at that Georgia rally. Her mother, Allison, reportedly saying it's pathetic that President Biden incorrectly called her daughter, Lincoln Riley, at the State of the Union last week. The national correspondent, Bill Melugin, is live in West Palm Beach, Florida, with more on this. Bill, good afternoon.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good afternoon to you as well. The White House really pushing back on this idea that President Biden apologized for calling Laken Riley's alleged murder a "illegal". Remember, he said he regrets calling him that, said he should have used the word undocumented instead, but as you just heard, then he took it a step further, said he doesn't want to disrespect immigrants because they "built the country". Well, the White House said today that was not an apology.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) OLIVIA DALTON, WHITE HOUSE SPOKESPERSON: First of all, I want to be really clear about something the president absolutely did not apologize. There was no apology anywhere in that conversation. He did not apologize. He used a different word.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And over the weekend, former President Trump actually met with Laken Riley's parents and her family backstage before his campaign rally in Georgia. As you mentioned, Riley's mom called Biden "pathetic" for botching her daughter's name during the State of the Union address and Donald Trump is promising justice for her family. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Laken Riley would be alive today if Joe Biden had not willfully and maliciously eviscerated the borders of the United States and set loose thousands and thousands of dangerous criminals into our country. To her family tonight, I promise you I will demand justice for Laken.(END VIDEO CLIP) MELUGIN: Neither Donald Trump nor President Biden have any campaign events held either today or tomorrow. Both of them getting close to locking up their delegate counts to secure their needed nominations. But let's face it at this point, Trace, this general election is already underway right now and has been for quite some time as they keep sparring with each other. We'll send it back to you.GALLAGHER: Indeed, it is. Bill Melugin live for us down in Florida. Bill, thank you. Let's bring in Karoline Leavitt, Trump Campaign National Press Secretary. She met with family members of Laken Riley. Karoline, great to have you on, as always. I just want to back the clock up, if I can, very quickly here, because the day after the State of the Union, here's the way that President Biden was talking about when he was using the word illegal instead of undocumented. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you regret using the word illegal to describe immigrants last night, sir?BIDEN: Well, not probably. I don't regret it. Technically, he's not supposed to be here.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Technically, not supposed to be here. So, he didn't regret it. And then the next day, he did regret it. And the White House is now all hands on deck saying, look, he did not apologize. When you regret something, Karoline, this is an apology. I don't care how you try to back this up and spin it. He apologized to the person who allegedly killed Laken Riley but he messed up Laken Riley's name and never apologized to her or her family.KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP CAMPAIGN NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY: That's exactly right, Trace. This weekend America witnessed the care that President Trump has for the American people versus the callousness in the repulsive rhetoric and action of Joe Biden's administration. While President Trump was comforting the grieving family of Laken Riley, Joe Biden was in Georgia as well, apologizing not to Laken Riley's family, not apologizing for disrespectfully using her name wrongly at the State of the Union, no. He apologized to her murderer for calling him an illegal.Well, guess what? He is an illegal and Joe Biden's policies allowed him into this country. Joe Biden's policies allowed him to be released back into our American communities once again, and then he was able to take Laken Riley's life. We are at a crossroads in our nation right now and if we want to continue on with the bloodshed and the wide-open border invasion of Joe Biden then he's your guy, but if we want to secure our border and put American citizens over illegal criminals then there is only one option in this election and that is President Trump.GALLAGHER: I just want to go back if I can, Karoline, because you talked about the former president meeting with Laken Riley's family. How was their perception of the former president? I know that he went to comfort them. How was their perception of him and reception of him?LEAVITT: Well, Laken Riley's mother herself has said that she believes it's pathetic that Joe Biden doesn't even know the name of her daughter, who was brutally murdered at the hands of an illegal immigrant who Joe Biden led into this country. And Laken Riley's parents, God bless them, they are so incredibly strong. And President Trump took to the stage to not only express his deepest condolences, but to make a promise to Laken Riley's family and to all families across this country that he will secure our southern border to prevent these tragedies from happening ever again. And when President Trump said that Laken Riley's family were on their feet, clapping with the rest of the crowd of thousands of Georgians who have been rattled by this tragedy as well.GALLAGHER: Yes. What is your campaign? What does the Trump campaign think about the president, you know, kind of really siding with the left more and more -- we see it with Israel, we see it with this whole Laken Riley thing. It just continues to push further left. I mean, is this all about votes?LEAVITT: Absolutely. Joe Biden has governed as the most far-left president in American history. We see this, namely, with the wide-open border policy. There's never been an immigration crisis in American history like the one we have on our hands right now. There's been nearly 10 million illegal people in this country. That's more than the total population of 40 American states. And you see even Democrats, especially in Democrat run cities, saying that we cannot take this invasion anymore.Not only are these illegal criminals taking the lives of American citizens, they're crumbling our infrastructure, they're threatening our great paying jobs across this country. And Joe Biden is beholden to the far-left Democrats in his party who want these open borders because it's all about power and control. They need more votes. They want to boost their power of the electoral college, and they're implementing an entirely new voting demographic to do that and putting the American citizen last.GALLAGHER: It's amazing to me that on one day he says, yes, you know, he technically should not be in the country. No, he shouldn't be in the country. Not technically, he should not be in the country. And then the next day, as a total different outlook on this, saying no, no, he regrets saying what he said. Karoline Leavitt, great to have you on as always. Thank you.LEAVITT: Thanks, Trace.GALLAGHER: Also, here, Joey Jones, retired Marine Staff Sergeant and Fox News Contributor. And Philippe Reines, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Strategic Communications for Hillary Clinton. Excuse me, Joey, to you first. Here's what the former Border Patrol chief at the Yuma sector says about Biden apologizing. Now, the White House says it wasn't an apology, but Biden's saying that he regrets Laken Riley's alleged killer, the whole statement saying illegal versus undocumented. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This was not the time to sit there and start apologizing. He's yet to apologize to the Border Patrol agents on the horse patrol in Del Rio from a few years ago when he lied to the American people. So, for him to apologize to the murder suspect, I mean, that is just ridiculous.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, it's a very good point, Joey, because he really has never apologized to those Border Patrol agents who mistakenly, Biden said, whipped those Haitian migrants. Never has. And just for clarity, Joey, just so we're all clear the legal term the Supreme Court use it, federal law uses illegal is the legal definition of the people who are crossing the border.JOEY JONES, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I want to be careful here. I've spoken to Laken Riley's family multiple times I've been talking to her dad today and I feel it my responsibility because I've had a chance to get to know them a little bit, they live close to me and they reached out to me right after this happened, to kind of remind people that to honor Laken Riley is different than to talk the politics of this situation and its broader reach.Their family, her family obviously went to the Trump rally because they were invited and they felt like that's the candidate that attacks this issue from the angle that they feel like would have maybe protected their daughter. But I do want to say, you know, their, their focus is to remember Laken Riley as the human being, the Georgian, the person raised 45 minutes from me.I kind of understand that human being a little bit, even though I never met her, and just how amazing of a person she was and how we can't always make it the political talking point. Now, from that, let me say, I grew up in Dalton, Georgia. The town is 70 percent Hispanic. Illegal immigration is nothing new to North Georgia, where Laken Riley is from and where she was murdered.That's not a new thing here at all. But the people that immigrated here in the 80s and 90s and 2000s, mostly Mexican immigrants, came here to become Americans and assimilate. We did not have, we had an illegal immigration problem, but we didn't have a violence problem until recently, until these last few years and these waves of people coming from places all over the world.Now, there's a true violence problem. Laken Riley has, by the worst fortune ever, become the face of that, but it happens all over our cities in North Georgia. It happens all over this country.GALLAGHER: Yes, Philippe Reines, to you now. I mean, you know you saw President Biden come out and initially and say well, listen, he technically shouldn't be in the country speaking about Laken Riley's alleged killer and then the exact reversal happens a day later. What do you make of that backtrack?PHILIPPE REINES, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE: Well, I'm going to start by agreeing with Staff Sergeant Jones when he says that it's horrible to conflate what happened to Miss Riley and what happened in the politics of this in terms of what the president said. Look, I was OK when he said illegal in State of the Union.I'm more than happy if he said illegal all the time, they are illegal. I can't be the token down that argues that. What I would say is that Staff Sergeant Jones just said about going back to the 80s, you know, let's just say in this century. We've had 24 years among four presidents, two Republicans, two Democrats -- it's gotten worse and worse and worse.It's not just the last few years that has gotten. President Trump didn't leave office with a wall. He didn't leave with no problem. Yes, not going to pretend it hasn't gotten worse since then. It's been exasperated. But frankly, if I were talking to Donald Trump right now, I would say, sir, why did you tell the members of the House of your own party to not vote for the most comprehensive security bill on immigration in decades.It makes absolutely no sense. So, we want to make sure there is no Laken Riley down the future and in terms of, you know, I hate to say it about her name, is that Marjorie Taylor Greene mispronounced her name on Saturday. She said Lincoln Riley herself.JONES: Oh, come on! Come on!REINES: Yes, that's --GALLAGHER: But the very point us --REINES: What do you mean come on?GALLAGHER: OK, go ahead Joey.JONES: You said, if President Trump didn't leave with a wall, he left with stockyards of steel at the border that President Biden is now selling and giving away. So, you tell me that the border bill to be funded is the only way to protect our country, while the current administration is literally giving away steel to finish the wall. So, you say funding the wall is more important, but then you see this administration not using the resources it has or the administrative authority it has to protect us. Both parties are playing politics with an issue that has today killed Americans needlessly. And I don't see why that becomes a reason to point the mic or to point the artillery of words towards President Trump or President Biden. We see who they are and what they are --GALLAGHER: I got 30 seconds for Philippe.JONES: -- voters has to figure that out.GALLAGHER: Joey, let me give him 30 seconds. And he's right. Listen, you know, the president has the authority, executive authority. He could stop all this tomorrow. He didn't need that bill to stop this. He's now banking on that bill to do other things. But he did not need that bill to stop what's happening at the southern border. We covered every day. I started my career in the southern border. It's the same issue today as it was 35 years ago. Your final thoughts on this, Philippe?REINES: Look, every president deserves blame and every president should be shamed on this. It goes back way, way back. I don't know why the House wouldn't have just voted for it. That has nothing to do with either or with an executive order. Every president should be thrown into kitchen sink at this problem. There is no excuse why they voted against the bill. It's just as simple as that.I mean, I don't think if you were in Congress that you would have voted against it. It just doesn't make sense. It would have put thousands of more officers. It would have redone the asylum criteria. It would have moved the process forward. It was all for the better, except it was better for the Republican Party and Donald Trump said, you know what, I like this issue because I've got to go to Georgia and I've got to go to 100 places and I'm going to keep using this as an issue. He wants the issue. He doesn't want a solution.GALLAGHER: Philippe Reines, Joe Jones, gentlemen, thank you both. We appreciate it. In the meantime, speaking in Congress, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, speaking on the Senate floor. Let's listen in for a sec.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): Finnish parliaments voted overwhelmingly to launch their NATO access bids. Russia's escalation in Ukraine has unified Swedish and Finnish leaders in both countries, strong support for NATO and a willingness to share the burden of collective defense literally transcends party lines.Today, America's newest treaty allies are poised to make significant immediate contributions to the transatlantic alliance. With highly trained forces equipped with cutting edge capabilities, their commitment to NATO is a tremendous vote of competence in the enduring importance of collective defense.With Sweden and Finland in our ranks, the West Stands even more united against autocrats with imperial designs. With two new frontline allies, America's interests are more secure.Another matter this week, the Senate will get yet another chance to put the emergency brakes on a particularly harmful piece of Biden administration federal regulatory state. The Federal Highway Administration, finalized a rule last year that would focus -- would force states and local planning agencies.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, there you have Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell there. He is speaking about pushing for some funding for Ukraine, et cetera. We'll keep our ears on this and if he makes news, we'll go back to it.Meantime, more on the White House flip flop today with Karl Rove, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, former President Trump's lawyers asking a judge to delay his first criminal trial until the Supreme Court rules on his claim of immunity. The trial set to start two weeks from today in New York City. The Supreme Court hearing arguments on the immunity claim a month later.The former president is charged with falsifying business records related to a payment to porn star Stormy Daniels before the 2016 election. He pleaded not guilty and denies any wrongdoing there.While President Biden, campaigning in battleground New Hampshire state he won by seven points in 2020. And a new poll shows that he is trailing former President Trump nationwide on a lot of big issues. The president getting lower approval ratings on the economy, crime, inflation, immigration and gun violence, only topping the former president on climate change and abortion.Let's bring in Karl Rove, former White House deputy chief of staff for President George W. Bush. He is also a Fox News contributor. Carl, it's great to see you.I want to play this sound if I can. This just happened this afternoon when President Biden was campaigning in New Hampshire, little struggle at the teleprompter. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: When I asked if he changed his position, he said, "there is a lot you can do in terms of cutting. A tremendous amount of things you can cut.You're going to make (INAUDIBLE).A tremendous amount of things you can do not cut. He said -- the bottom line is he still at it.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: I mean, we had the same thing happened, Carl, on Saturday. It happens a lot. And yet, you have Donna Brazil, coming out in this op-ed, saying, the man has never been better, he is miles ahead of everybody else. What are your thoughts?KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's painful to watch. And it's bravado, saying that he is in great shape and better than everybody else. We see it. The Democrats are making mistake. You cannot look at this man and say, he is better than everybody else. He is at the top of his game. He is just not.GALLAGHER: Yes.ROVE: And the more they repeat it, the more their credibility suffers, and the more he suffers. It's painful to watch.GALLAGHER: It's interesting to me, though, because I want to put up this ABC Ipsos poll, because I just -- I find it fascinating and kind of instructing. You look here, it says Donald Trump, 36 percent, right? Who do you trust to do a better job of leading the U.S.? Trump? It's at 36 percent, Joe Biden 33 percent. It's that bottom category, neither, Karl. That's a big number for neither.ROVE: Yes, let's go back to the ABC Ipsos poll. This is Biden's numbers on these major issues, immigration, 29 approved of his performance, 68 don't. Inflation, 31-66. Crime, 35 percent approve, 61 don't; economy, 37-60; Russia-Ukraine, 41-54. Climate, 45-54.So, he's upside down on every single issue, and some of them by big, big, big numbers. And Donald Trump is in better shape.But look at this. On the economy, same poll, 49-46 on the economy. It's the only issue on which he's right side up. Immigration, 45-50; inflation, 45- 50. crime 44-54; gun violence, 37-59; abortion, 35-60; climate 41-54.My point is, is both of these men are largely upside down. Trump's had better position because he's better than Biden on these issues. But these aren't the greatest numbers in the world.GALLAGHER: Yes.ROVE: Only one of them, economy is he right side up.GALLAGHER: Yes. I want to play this soundbite, because you're talking about maybe alternatives. You talk about both men being upside down. Here is what Bill Maher said about, you know, Nikki Haley's future.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, HOST, REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER, HBO: Nikki Haley, I mean, the Super Tuesday she got out of the race. I don't think there's a future for her in the Republican Party now.What's crazy to think that she could run with Biden? But that's my dream. A unity ticket. And then, he would, I think, definitely win.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I've only got about 30 seconds, Karl. But do you think Nikki Haley's future in the Republican Party, is that damaged? And what about a unity ticket?ROVE: Well, it -- Bill Maher's got an innovative mind. But the Democrats are never going to get rid of Kamala Harris. And they are never going to put Nikki Haley a conservative on the ticket.So, Bill, nice thinking. But this isn't never going to happen, and Nikki Haley would be the first to say I'm not going to do it.GALLAGHER: Karl Rove, thank you so much.Got to go. Got some breaking news. Let's go to the Senate floor and the worldwide threats hearing. Here is Marco Rubio. Watch. Chuck Schumer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): -- healthcare, education, and economic opportunity for more of Americans.President Trump's tax scam could have proved everything but fair. It rewarded the wealthy --CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION: Is, for all intents and purposes beholden to the CCP.SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Well, the reason why I raised that is if they -- if ByteDance and China is the one that owns the driver that makes TikTok effective, isn't it true that under Chinese law, the Chinese Communist Party says that data that you're gaining access to in order to make your algorithm work, we want a copy of that data?If they said that the ByteDance in the future, ByteDance would have to give it to them?WRAY: That's my understanding.RUBIO: And if they went to them and said, we want you to change your algorithm so that Americans start seeing videos that hurt this candidate, or help that candidate in the upcoming election, ByteDance would have to do that under Chinese law.WRAY: That's my understanding.RUBIO: And if they said, we want you to put out videos that make Americans fight with each other, or spread conspiracy theories and get them at each other's throat, ByteDance doesn't have -- it can't go to Chinese court and fight the Communist Party, they would have to do it.WRAY: That's my understanding. And I would just add that, that kind of influence operation or the different kinds of influence operations you're describing, are extraordinarily difficult to detect, which is part of what makes the national security concerns represented by TikTok so significant.RUBIO: All right. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And my thanks to all of you and, of course, the people you work with every day. I'm going to start with this issue of government purchases of Americans data. And former --(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: We're going to keep dipping into this. If there is news to be brought, we will bring it to you. They are talking about, of course, China, the threat that TikTok poses. And, of course, we talked about this a lot over the past couple of weeks, which is the president, President Biden, has joined TikTok, and then the State of the Union address, kind of went after TikTok. So, this is fascinating to find out how big of a threat China poses, as well as TikTok being owned by a company based in China poses to the United States. We'll keep you up to speed on that.Meantime, a record number of Americans now say Biden's border crisis is a vital concern for the country. National Border Patrol council president, Brandon Judd joins us live next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: While a majority of Americans 55% now say the large number of immigrants entering the US illegally is a critical threat. That's up eight points from a year ago, and it's a record high for this Gallup polling. National Border Patrol Council President Brandon Judd is here but first to correspondent Garrett Tenney. He's live in Eagle Pass Texas. Garrett, good afternoon.GARRETT TENNEY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Trace. Good afternoon to you.When you look at the numbers just since October, Border Patrol has apprehended more than 6400 migrants with criminal records. The real number of bad apples coming into our country is likely a lot more than that. Yesterday alone, more than nearly 1,200 known gotaways there were at the southern border. These are the people who don't want to be caught and who we know nothing about.In a recent example of those getaways is in Rhode Island where ICE arrested this 23-year-old man from Honduras who's wanted for murder in his home country. He crossed the border illegally in 2021. And in the last year, he's twice been charged with assault with a weapon and with domestic violence. But last month, a judge ignored an immigration detainer requests and released him into the public again.Cases like that are popping up across the country, but sheriffs along the border say they are being particularly overwhelmed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARK DANNELS, COCHISE COUNTY SHERIFF: We've had 44% of all the people in my jail are border-related crimes. These are state crimes up to murder. We're seeing tragedy after tragedy. And I keep saying this, that every day that Congress and the White House President Biden diverts their responsibility and leadership to protect this country, life has changed in a negative way.(END VIDEO CLIP)TENNEY: We also want to update you on the crash of that military helicopter Friday, which claimed two lives of two National Guard soldiers and a Border Patrol agent. We've learned that crew was on a patrol in Liguria, Texas in the Rio Grande Valley. That's an area with a lot of cartel activity. They were tracking a group of people who had crossed the border illegally when their chopper had some kind of mechanical issue and went down.A fourth guardsman was onboard as well. He has been in critical condition all weekend. But we just learned that thankfully, he has improved. He is still in serious condition but is stable. And his family is now with him here in Texas. Trace?GALLAGHER: Garrett Tenney live for us down in Eagle Pass. Garrett, thank you. Let's bring in Brandon Judd, president of the National Border Patrol Council. Brandon, great to have you on.I just want to very quickly touch on this. You see tragedy all the time down there. You have that Guard helicopter going down killing three, critically injuring a fourth. And these reports that the cartels were just laughing at that, it sounds like -- it sounds almost like they're at war with us down there.BRANDON JUDD, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: Yes. This is this is sociopathic behavior. When you see people that are going to laugh at death, that's absolutely unheard of. We just don't -- this is what we deal with with the cartels. They do not care about human life. They want to see suffering. They see suffering every single day. They cause suffering. They do not care what happens to other people. They want to make a profit, that's all they care about.So when a crash like this happens, and they know people are injured or killed, they're going to laugh about it because they know that their product is going to ultimately be able to get away. That is disgusting to every single -- it should be disgusting to every single human being. But this is what we face every single day when we're dealing with the criminality on the border.GALLAGHER: Yes, it is horrific. Meantime, here's the President touting how the Border Patrol Union supported the border bill, and I'll get your thoughts on the(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES: This bill would save lives, bring order to the border. Border Patrol Union endorsed it. Federal Chamber -- the National Chamber of Commerce endorsed it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: But, Brandon, you say he left out the context of that endorsement.JUDD: Yes, he absolutely. And this is what he always does. He does not tell the full story. He doesn't tell the full truth. If you look at the reason why we endorsed it, we wanted to see it go to the floor. We wanted to see the debate and amendment process take place. If you do not support a bill, if you kill it before it even goes to the floor you're never going to get anything done there was an awful lot of good in that bill. It raised the standard for credible fear, it removed the judiciary out of everything and allowed ICE to hold single adults, which is 60% to 70% of the people that we deal with.So there was an awful lot of good in that bill. We wanted to see the bill go forward so that it could go through the amendment process. Unfortunately, it was killed. That's the reason that we supported it. We did not support the entire thing, we did not support the way Joe Biden puts it. And what's really disappointing to every single one of us is the way that he --GALLAGHER: Yes.JUDD: -- uses this to weaponize politics to go after other individuals. He can use the executive authority that he has, we've discussed this many, many times. He has the authority to shut down the border, we want to build because it lives beyond administrations and it tries bad administration's hands. But this administration weaponizes everything that they do.GALLAGHER: He does have authority, we've gotten over that time and time again. I want to talk about how far we have come in just 15 years, because here's former President Obama talking about the border in some relatively tough terms. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARACK OBAMA, FORMER PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES: You've got to say to the undocumented workers, you had to say, look, you've broken the law. You didn't come here the way you were supposed to. So this is not going to be a free ride. It's not going to be some instant amnesty.What's going to happen is you are going to pay a significant fine. You are going to learn English. You are going to -- you are going to go to the back of the line so that you don't get ahead of somebody who was in Mexico City applying legally.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, in 15 years, Brandon, we have gone from your gun to the back of the line and learning English to apologizing to illegals who allegedly kill Americans.JUDD: Yes. In the first four years, President Obama was actually very good on border security. By any metrics, gotaways, apprehensions, the amount of drugs, he was very good. It was his second four years when he became lame duck. And we saw the child migrant crisis. That's when you really saw his administration.With Biden, it's really funny because his staff, his entire West Wing, with activists that want open borders, that want all of this chaos. And so, that's why we've seen this even before he became a lame duck president. This administration just does not care about the American people. They've shown that time and time again. Whether that's in border security, whether that's in crime, whether that's in domestic policy, foreign policy, they just don't care about the American people.They care about their base, energizing that base to ensure that they go out and vote.GALLAGHER: Yes. And they keep debating that and they keep defending themselves, but the evidence just keeps mounting and mounting. Brandon Judd, great to have you on as always, thank you.JUDD: It's good to be with you. Thank you.GALLAGHER: Well, the border is also a big issue as we circle back to the hearing. We're monitoring this hour the nation's intel chiefs testifying on Capitol Hill about threats to the United States, the Director of National Intelligence as Iran-backed Houthi rebels and militias in Iraq and Syria are using the war in Gaza to "pursue their own agendas." State Department and foreign policy correspondent Gillian Turner reporting live from the State Department. Gillian, good afternoon.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS STATE DEPARTMENT CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace. So in this hearing, we're getting a very rare glimpse right now into the intelligence community's thinking about exactly what America is up against in 2024. They're also taking a look back at the past year to lay out the biggest threats that they feel they have supported.Understandably, the two sides, Democrats and Republicans, have very different priorities for this hearing. I can tell you that so far the Democratic chairman, Mark Warner, asked about Russian attempts to interfere in the upcoming US 2024 presidential election. He talked about China cyber espionage inside the United States.But in a very heated exchange that just passed between the ranking member, Republican Senator Marco Rubio, and the FBI director Christopher Wray, he drilled him on the southern border. As you know, a lot of Republicans on Capitol Hill believe that illegal immigration at the southern border right now is the number one national security threat America faces. He asked FBI Director Christopher Wray to acknowledge the uptick in violence, he says, is being committed by illegal immigrants coming across the border.He also asked him if he is worried about terrorist ties to Mexican border gangs. And Christopher Wray said he indeed is, and they are tracking specifically potential intelligence that shows they should be concerned about ISIS ties in particular to human trafficking gangs. Take a listen to Christopher Wray on this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: Certainly we have had dangerous individuals enter the United States of a variety of sorts.SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Are we now seeing are we seeing crimes from people that entered the country over the last three years, some of them with ties to gangs or other criminal organizations?WRAY: Well, I guess what I would say is this from an FBI perspective we are seeing a wide array of very dangerous threats that emanate from the border. And that includes everything from the drug trafficking. The FBI alone seized enough fentanyl in the last two years to kill 270 million people. That's just on the federal side. An awful lot of the violent crime in the United States is at the hands of gangs who are themselves involved in the distribution of that fentanyl.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: We're still going to hear from other intelligence leaders, senior official from here at the State Department testifying today in this hearing. So a lot of expectation here that we're going to be hearing a lot more from Republicans, anyhow, about the crisis along the southern border. Trace?GALLAGHER: Yes. That is as blatant and flat out as I've heard the FBI director talk about the border crisis, Gillian Turner live for us in the State Department. Gillian, thank you.Well, the bizarre photoshop fail for Kate Middleton, Princess of Wales. Neil Sean joins us live from London on the story everybody is buzzing about. He's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: While the Princess of Wales apologising for editing the first photo the Royals have released since her mysterious surgery almost two months ago, the Associated Press telling newsrooms to delete the photo from their system saying the image had apparently been manipulated. The princess posting on X, quoting here, "Like many amateur photographers, I do occasionally experiment with editing and wanting to express my apologies for any confusion the family photograph we shared yesterday caused. I hope everyone celebrating, had a very Happy Mother's Day."Yesterday, of course, was Mother's Day in England. Let's bring in Neil Sean, UK media correspondent and royal reporter who has covered the royal family for more than 20 years. Neil, great to have you on.So the picture was supposed to quiet the rumors about Kate. It turned the volume up to 11. How is Kate what what's the status of the story?NEIL SEAN, ROYAL REPORTER: Well, I'm surprised actually, Trace, she's not been sent to the Tower of London already. I mean, it's kind of like, you know, 42-year-old woman were busy three children accidentally does a bit of photoshopping and, wow, you know, we've got to go.First of all, I do feel that certain agencies, in particular AP for instance, they're bullying this woman into sort of like we need to know more about you. The bottom line is what is she done wrong? And for these agencies to say slight manipulation, it's not like she's changed her face from the beautiful Kate Middleton into a 1930s Mae West portrait. I mean, what is she really done?She's done, you know, got a few bits wrong. You know, I think a lot of people over here are thinking, first, there's something more sinister behind this. And now, if you think about it, the big thing actually is it's white the Oscars off, isn't it?GALLAGHER: Yes. It's amazing to me. But I want to put this up because this is the scroll. There were 16 things that all of the investigative types kind of pulled out. I mean, Charlotte's hand empty space where the sleeve should be. Charlotte's skirt corner unusually straight. I mean, you look at the whole thing and you wonder if the palace released this photo, Neil, there's got to be some belief that it was at least semi-legit, right? Unless they were truly trying to cover something up.SEAN: You know, I mean, that -- you've hit the nail on the head there, Trace. It's like, conspiracy theories, you know? The bottom line is this picture was taken, as we know, by his royal --GALLAGHER: Can I pause you very quickly? Let me just pause you, I got to go back to the Senate hearing. Here's Tom Cotton. Watch.(BEGIN LIVE COVERAGE)SEN. TOM COTTON (R-AR): -- accuse of starving the Palestinian children or Israel starving children in Palestine or Gaza?WILLIAM BURNS, CIA DIRECTOR: You know, I think, Senator, the reality is that there are children who are starving --COTTON: But is Israel doing that?BURNS: They're starving, they're malnourished as a result of the fact that humanitarian assistance can't get to them. It's very difficult to distribute humanitarian assistance effectively, unless you have a ceasefire, which is exactly why, you know, I think there's great value in what's on the table now. A return of hostages and a significant ceasefire enabling people to get that humanitarian assistance.COTTON: OK. For the record, I do not believe that Israel, nor any of you are the United States government is exterminating the Palestinian people are starving Palestinian children.Director Haines, there have been several news reports, you might say leaks, to the effect that Iran does not have full control of its proxy groups. That's a headline from Politico last month, a quote, "While Iran is supporting the proxy groups financially and with military equipment, intelligence officials do not believe it is commanding the attacks. Its lack of control over the Houthis and the militias in Iraq and Syria has muddied the deliberations in Washington about how to respond to repeated attacks on US interests in the region, including the attack in Jordan on January 28th that killed three American troops.But on page 18 of the assessment, the intelligence community writes Tehran was able to flex the network's military capabilities in the aftermath of the Hamas' attack on October 7th, orchestrating anti-Israel and anti-US attacks from Lebanon to the Bab al-Mandab Strait while shielding Iranian leaders from significant consequences.Orchestrating is stronger than anything I've heard. It's not providing support or training, or funding. So it's your assessment, the intelligence committee assessments that Tehran has orchestrated attacks on Israel and the gets US personnel in positions in Middle East since October 7th?AVRIL HAINES, NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE DIRECTOR: Yes. And I don't think that means that, that the proxy groups or that others are always listening to everything that they have to say or under their direct control, but I think orchestrating is an appropriate characterization of what they've looked to do.COTTON: So it has to use the dictionary definition, arrange or directed the elements of a situation to produce a desired effect, especially surreptitiously. That's correct? OK.Director Burns, on page 34 of the assessment, the IC notes that the FBI and the Department of Energy have concluded that the most likely origins for the Coronavirus pandemic was a laboratory in Wuhan. But the CIA cannot agree with that conclusively. Why can't the CIA reach the same conclusion that the FBI and the Department of Energy have reached?BURNS: Yes. And our analysts continue to look at this very carefully. They have not yet concluded that there's definitive evidence on either side of this, whether natural transmission or a lab exit? Well, we continue to pursue, you know, more intelligence, more information that might help them to reach a definitive conclusion. But right now, they're, you know, they haven't been able to reach that.COTTON: Director Wray, why are your analysts so much more confident?WRAY: Our analysts did very rigorous work involving a whole slew of experts of different sorts. We reached the assessment with moderate confidence and we stand by that assessment.COTTON: Thank you.SEN. MARK WARNER (D-VA): Senator King.SEN. ANGUS KING (I-ME): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks to all of you. And as others have said, thank you to the people who operate under very difficult circumstances around the world to supply us with this important information. Director Burns, I just want to say -- your statement to Senator Heinrich about the impact and long term consequences of error abandoning Ukraine is important, and I think should be required reading around here.The implications are, it's a 50 year mistake that would haunt this country, both in Europe, but also, as you suggest in the Indo Pacific, including Kim Jong-Un, would assess that we didn't have the staying power. He's already making noises about the peninsula.Director Wray, you talked with Senator Rubio about TikTok, just to reiterate, it's dangerous because it allows the Chinese Communist Party to have access to an enormous trove of data about Americans. That's number one, is that correct?WRAY: That's one of the pieces of it. There are several.KING: And the second piece is the power that the misinformation and sort of policy direction that it enables who'd Communist Party to exercise, correct?WRAY: Well, I think the second piece is the algorithm, right? In other words, the first is the data, the second is the algorithm, the third is the software.KING: But the problem is not TikTok, it's the control by China. If Tiktok were divested and owned by an American company, or a Belgian company or British company, we wouldn't have this level of problem is that correct?WRAY: Correct.KINF: Thank you. Who controls Mexico? Are the -- is the government of Mexico in control or the cartels in control? And how do we get at the problem of the drugs, the fentanyl? By the way, I did a little calculation a minute ago, about 15 people have died in this country of overdoses mostly fentanyl since this hearing started an hour and 20 minutes ago. That's how serious this problem, one a day in my state of Maine. How do we get control of this problem?HAINES: I'll start and because there are a lot of us, obviously, that are working to help support those who were on the front lines of this, which include the FBI, obviously, and DEA and DHS, and others who are really focused on this question.But on the first point, Senator King, with respect to Mexico, I mean, I think there's no question that it is a challenge for the government of Mexico to deal with the cartels. And there are parts of the country that are effectively under the control of the cartels in certain respects. And yet, at the same time, we'd say that our cooperation with them has improved over time. And I think Director Burns and Director Wray may have more to say on this but this is an area where we've really been able to work with them to try to help to -- yes.KING: But obviously, we have been able to work and it's improving, but this is a drastic problem that should be treated as such in terms of the impact on Americans.HAINES: How -- maybe this is a deal --(END LIVE COVERAGE)GALLAGHER: We're going to continue to monitor who knows couple of good points being brought up here. You had Tom Cotton saying why is it that you have the FBI And the CIA with different assessments about Iran's control over these proxy groups, the Houthis again, and Hamas, and Hezbollah. And the answer was, well, we've done more research, we've done more work in doing that. We're going to continue following this because we're getting some fascinating information coming out of it.Meantime, a transgender athlete will not be competing in a women's pro-golf tour after it changes policy to only allow players who were biological female at birth. Hailey Davidson is trying to become the first transgender golfer to qualify for the LPGA.Caitlyn Jenner is with me here in LA, former gold medal Olympian and candidate for California governor and a Fox News contributor. Caitlyn, it's great to have you on as always.I want to play this soundbite. This is from the NXXT CEO, and we'll get your thoughts on the other side. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STUART MCKINNON, NXXT CEO: Sports has always had categories from, you know, age and some categories of weight, and some is based on sex. And so this is really about protecting a category. In addition, we listened to the players on the tour. We conducted anonymous player pool and overwhelming feedback came back that they wanted us to change our gender policy guidelines.(END VIDEO CLIP)Caitlyn, you wrote a terrific oped on this applauding that decision. Expand.CAITLYN JENNER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I did. I've been involved with this for a while. It's been almost a year when Hailey Davidson just was coming on to try to qualify for the LPGA Tour. And at first, I didn't think she had a good chance. But as time went on, she started playing better.And just recently, she had won a tournament. And it looked pretty good that maybe she's going to get enough points to get on the LPGA Tour. I don't think that's good for women's sports. 1950, the LPGA started. And in their bylaws, eligibility was female at birth, DNA, OK? They were protecting women, they wanted to have their own tour.That went really well for 60 years. And then in 2010, they decided to drop that, OK? They got kind of woke on us the, you know, the DEI people got in there and said, oh, we have to be more inclusive.GALLAGHER: Right.JENNER: Been 14 years, there's not a lot of transgender golfers, there's not a lot of transgender people. Finally, Hailey Davidson comes in, trying to qualify.I did a piece for this for the Daily Mail on this, the topic piece here. You always wonder when you're doing this, does anybody listening and you don't want somebody was just on camera, that Stuart. And he changed this and he says, as we navigate through the evolving landscape of sports, boy, is that so true, it is critical to uphold the competitive integrity that is the cornerstone of women's sports. That's what I've been saying right from the beginning and vote for him,GALLAGHER: But Hailey Davidson wrote this on Instagram, quoting here, "People think I win just by showing up. This is such a slap in the face to all female athletes being told that any male can transition and beat them regardless of the life of hard work those women put in. You think you're attacking me, but you're actually attacking and putting down all other female athletes." What's your take on that?JENNER: I don't quite agree with her. She also wrote this, you could scream at me, threatened me, throw insults at me and even ban me. But I will always get right back up and keep on fighting right to the very end. Hate and bigotry will never win"To me, that's a little harsh. I have no problem with Hailey Davidson, I wish her nothing but the best. Transitioning, I know is the most difficult thing you can do, OK? And so -- and she played by the rules. But for the integrity as Stuart McKinnon -- the integrity of women's sports, we just can't go down this direction.GALLAGHER: But when she was playing for men -- when she was playing with men, it was a different game. She was not nowhere near the top. She couldn't make the top at all.JENNER: No, no. She was -- yes, she was on scholarship even in college to play and she was on the men's team. I have no problem with Hailey Davidson. I just wish her the best. There's no hate. There's no bigotry in my soul. I just want to see her do the best.But when it comes to the integrity of women's sport, we have to stand behind that. And it's not so much for right now, but what about five years, 10 years, 20 years down the line --GALLAGHER: Right.JENNER: -- when it gets really big, and then you try to stop it. It's almost impossible to stop. It's easier to stop it right now. I think the LPGA and the NXXT series was right --GALLAGHER: Yes.JENNER: -- and tried to stop it now. And just say let's go back to the original, you know, female at birth, DNA, and it's the end of it.GALLAGHER: Yes. It's a very good point. Caitlyn Jenner, always great to have you on. Thanks for coming here with you. We appreciate it.That is "The Story" of Monday, March 11, 2024. But as always, "The Story" goes on. I will see you back here for Fox News at Night. That's 11:00 in the East, 8:00 on the West Coast. And tonight, we are going to take a very hard look at the Houthis. We're going to take a look at what happens if they sink an American ship, does it lead to war? That's coming up tonight.Your World with Neil Cavuto starts in about three seconds. Have a good day.