SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Thank you, Martha.FOX on top of prices still on the top of voters' minds and still tapping drivers wallets. We're on top of it all.Welcome, everyone. I'm Sandra Smith, in for Neil Cavuto, and this is "Your World."And a new set of swing state polling showing inflation is still hitting home, despite signs it's coming down. We have got FOX team coverage with Peter Doocy at the White House on who's got the edge and Jeff Flock in Philadelphia, where prices at the pump are putting drivers on edge.We begin with Peter.Busy day there, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: It is, Sandra.And President Biden needs to hope that this upcoming election will be decided by voters worried about abortion access. He's doing great with that set. But on the issues that traditionally decide elections, he is not doing nearly as well, including handling the economy.Trump there has a 20-point advantage over Biden in a new Wall Street Journal poll 54 to 34, and now President Biden is hoping to broaden his appeal by getting cozier with the progressive hero Bernie Sanders.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Bernie, you and I have been fighting this for 25 years. Finally, finally we beat big pharma, finally.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: This Journal poll also has Trump with a 20-point advantage over Biden when it comes to handling immigration and border security, but the Biden brain trust remains confident, according to the president's top adviser.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION: These polls like The Wall Street Journal one land in the White House and he's losing all the battleground states that...JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY: No, he's not losing in all the battlegrounds.QUESTION: All but one.JILL BIDEN: He's coming up, and he's even or doing better. So you know what? Once people start to focus in and they see their two choices, it's obvious that Joe will win this election.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: They have got real problems with key constituencies, though.Case in point, last night, the president invited a small group of Arab, Muslim and Palestinian leaders over for a small private meeting and a doctor who was just back from treating patients in Gaza walked out on President Biden -- Sandra.SMITH: Quite a development.Peter Doocy live at the White House for us.Peter, thank you.The price pressures extending to drivers getting hit at the pump.Jeff Flock is at -- in Philadelphia for us. He's got more on that and a very rainy Philadelphia, I should add.Hi, Jeff.JEFF FLOCK, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Price is at the pump getting about as unpleasant as the weather here in Philadelphia today. Sandra.Yes, maybe you see that number over my shoulder, $5.99 for premium gas. That's pretty high, the average gallon of regular, though, nationwide $3.54. Not horrible, maybe, you say, up just a penny in the last week, but up 20 percent -- 20 cents in the last month and slated to go higher.That, of course, is underpinned by the price of oil, and, today, the Biden administration announcing oil prices are so high they can't afford to replenish the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. That, of course, was famously run down by the Biden administration to bring down the price of gas when it got high the last time.Now there is about 363 million barrels in the Strategic Reserve. That sounds like a lot, but there was 638 million barrels when President Biden took office. And it's not a great time to have the reserve run down. Why? The oil bulls tell us, that is to say, the traders who say that oil prices are going up, they point to OPEC production costs, which they affirmed today at a meeting overseas the bombing of the Iranian consulate in Syria, new sanctions on Venezuelan oil by the U.S. and Ukraine hitting Russia's oil infrastructure.All of that driving up prices. And Andy Lipow, the oil analyst, telling FOX Business, here's his big concern.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW LIPOW, PRESIDENT, LIPOW OIL ASSOCIATES: The greatest fear in the oil market is if the Straits of Hormuz moves should be shut, where 20 percent of the world's oil is transiting every day. Should that happen, we certainly could see oil prices spiked $30 to $40 per barrel, which is a significant 75 cent to $1 per gallon increase in gasoline prices.(END VIDEO CLIP)FLOCK: That would be a major increase, Sandra, and make things even more unpleasant than the weather is here, where I stand in Philadelphia -- Sandra.SMITH: And battling right through it, Jeff Flock, thank you very much for that report from Philadelphia.Most other prices are cooling, however, but why aren't most folks feeling it?To economist Steve Moore and political watcher Tiana Lowe Doescher.Well, Steve, my guess is it's not the prices they're cooling. It's the rate of inflation. The rate those prices keep going up is getting smaller, right?STEPHEN MOORE, FORMER DONALD TRUMP CAMPAIGN ADVISER: Yes, the way I put it, Sandra, is that we just haven't slayed the inflation dragon. And all of this kind of premature euphoria that inflation was behind us, we're not seeing it.And, by the way, if your report is right, we're looking at potentially $5- a-gallon gasoline again.SMITH: Oh.MOORE: Remember, it was $2 and I think 49 cents a gallon when Trump left office.If you look at the key indicators of where inflation is headed, if you look at the gold price, if you look at commodity prices, if you look at what's happened to things like Bitcoin, which are an alternative to the dollar, they're all shooting up in price, which means we have got a -- still got a lot of work to do.Basically, today, the price of virtually everything you buy on average is about 20 percent more expensive. And that's why people aren't feeling the love for this economy.SMITH: Yes.And, Tiana, we were just showing a moment ago on the screen polling on who voters think is best suited to handle the economy. And most voters give that to former President Donald Trump. He gets the highest marks there. And all of a sudden, if we're in a world of, gosh, hope that's not the case, Steve, but $5 at the gallon and oil prices, to Andy Lipow's point, back above $100 a barrel, that changes the political landscape heading into November.TIANA LOWE DOESCHER, THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Because, unlike 2016, we now have two candidates at the top of the ballot that we have now lived under one term of Trump and one term of Biden.And, under Trump, we had 50-year-low unemployment while inflation was still low, while interest rates were near zero, while you had some of the fastest real wage growth in about 20 years. Under Joe Biden, prices have increased about 18 percent on average.And even though Biden has claimed that inflation is slowing, look, in just the last month alone, CPI inflation, wholesale inflation, which is a leading indicator, both have increased, PCE inflation, which is what the Federal Reserve cares about.And that's why you have these bond markets collapsing, because investors understand that, as Steve said, the dragon is not tamed. And, look, Biden even has understood this. The rest of congressional Democrats, last July, they used the term Bidenomics 500 times. Now they don't use it at all, except you know who does use it in the hundreds?SMITH: Republicans.LOWE DOESCHER: Congressional Republicans.(LAUGHTER)SMITH: We think we knew the answer to that one, Tiana, but good point.Fed Chief Jerome Powell, meanwhile, is stressing the need today to see more evidence inflation is indeed cooling before cutting those rates. This affects everyone, Steve. When do you think the first rate cut may be coming, if at all, this year?MOORE: I don't see a case for it right now, Sandra. I wish I did. Look, I want to see this economy improve.But as I was just mentioning, every single forward-looking indicator is suggesting now inflation is getting worse, not better. Now, how do you handle that inflation? The most important thing is not what Jerome Powell does. It's getting the federal -- in my opinion, it's making major cuts in government spending and debt, and that's not going to happen any time soon in Washington.Remember, the other big factor of the economy, Sandra, that's really affected by the inflation and the higher interest rates is the housing market. And these new reports are showing the average middle-income family today cannot afford a median family home because the mortgage payments are so much higher.They're up 60 percent since Trump left office.SMITH: Yes, and those house prices are still big. They're not coming down. So how can we possibly be in an environment where we can even discuss cutting rates?So, and, by the way, the only reason people were even talking about it or the market was pricing it in is because Jerome Powell suggested it. So it'll be really interesting to see what happens here.Thank you to both of you for joining us.Oh, by the way, one quick thing before you go, drug prices, Steve, Tiana, if I could ask you about this. Senator Bernie Sanders hosted an event today along with President Biden to tout their fight against high-priced prescription drugs and a cap on the price of asthma inhalers.Tiana, to you on this. How will this play out on the campaign trail?LOWE DOESCHER: So, look, something like Symbicort that's been on the market for almost 20 years, they have had time to recoup that research and development cost that they put into that drug.But then everyone knows the next step that Bernie Sanders takes, which calls Novo Nordisk greedy for charging a lot for Ozempic. But we know that these drugs take billions of years per year just to get them ready for market. So if they want to brag about a 20-year-old inhaler finally being $35, that's OK.But if you're paying $5 to fill up your tank of gas, it doesn't offset too much.SMITH: Steve, do you have a five seconds on that?(LAUGHTER)MOORE: Yes, I don't see drug prices coming down. Do you, Sandra?I mean, I think he's -- again, a premature kind of celebration, but drug prices have not come down.SMITH: Yes.No, in fact, one of our FOX News reporters today was reporting from a pawn shop in Chicago where she said she saw customers coming in to offer items in -- to go pay for medicines. That is a real economic situation that is happening right now.Tiana, Steve, thank you very much for joining us.MOORE: Thank you.LOWE DOESCHER: Thank you.SMITH: All right, did Texas just get some good news in its border brawl with the White House? Find out what happened in court today.Plus, fierce storms wreaking havoc for fliers. We will have the very latest.All that and new proof the California minimum wage is taking a bigger bite out of consumers' budgets.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: That border battle taking center stage in the Big Easy today, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans hearing arguments as the Biden administration fights that Texas immigration law.FOX News' David Spunt is outside that courthouse. He's got the very latest from there for us at this hour.Hi, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Sandra. Good to be with you.Interesting. In federal court today, there were three federal judges on this panel. Two of them seemed somewhat skeptical over the argument the United States is making to completely throw out this controversial Texas law. One of those judges didn't even speak at all.The reason I'm in New Orleans is because the Fifth Circuit, where the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals is, covers the Lone Star State and the state of Texas. Outside of the building earlier today, there was a protest by a pro- immigration group that was actually anti-Senate Bill 4.Senate Bill 4 is a Texas law signed by Governor Greg Abbott that would allow any Texas law enforcement officer to arrest people for illegally crossing the border. The U.S. government argued the border is federal territory, and border agents should therefore be doing the arresting.Governor Abbott argues the Border Patrol is overwhelmed and understaffed and is not doing enough. Therefore, Texas officials should be able to do so. Here is the Texas solicitor general. Watch.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)JUDGE PRISCILLA RICHMAN, U.S. FIFTH CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS: If the answer is just we don't have the resources, why hasn't the federal government taken Texas up on its generous offer to say, hey, here are resources, we will do it for you? What have they -- they're not saying yes. They're saying no.AARON NIELSON, TEXAS SOLICITOR GENERAL: They're not just saying no. Respectfully, Your Honor, they're destroying our Texas property. They're saying -- suggesting awful things about Texas at the United States Supreme Court, which are demonstrably untrue. And they're suing us.(END AUDIO CLIP)SPUNT: Sandra, today, lawyers for the Justice Department argued that Texas has no right to patrol the border.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)DANIEL TENNY, DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE ATTORNEY: Opposing counsel was talking about how extraordinary our position would be, but it's really their position that would be extraordinary and unprecedented.They have not cited a single case in which the government has endeavored to bring an action of this kind, and the court has refused to allow it, not one from any court.(END AUDIO CLIP)SPUNT: Now we await the ruling, Sandra.Could take a couple of weeks, but the bottom line, whoever loses here will go directly back to Washington, D.C., to the steps of the U.S. Supreme Court. And those nine justices will have to settle this, not to mention in the middle of an election year -- back to you.SMITH: All right, David Spunt, live there in New Orleans for us.David, thank you.We just saw former President Donald Trump making the border issue front and center on his swing state campaign. But in his last stop of Wisconsin, 13 percent of Republican primary voters chose Nikki Haley last night. What does Trump need to do to bring those voters to his side as Biden makes a play for them?Let's ask the Hill editor in chief, Bob Cusack.So what can Trump do, Bob?BOB CUSACK, EDITOR IN CHIEF, THE HILL: Well, Sandra, he's got to reach out to them.The White House and President Biden is trying to court the Haley voters, and a lot of these voters are not sure where they're going to go, whether they're going to vote for one of these two men, a third party, or stay home.And part of the reason that Trump lost in 2020 is because he's always had the base. The base is strong back then. It's strong now. He's got to appeal to independent voters. Biden won those independent voters. A lot of those independent voters are Nikki Haley voters. So part of it is, I don't think he's going to get a Haley endorsement any time soon, but he's got to reach out to them and broaden his base.SMITH: All right, we will see what happens there.Ahead of President Joe Biden's call, by the way, with Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tomorrow, we know that President Biden is facing increasing pressure over this war, in Wisconsin's primary, Bob, the Biden protest vote there netting nearly 50,000 votes. That was double the goal of protest organizers.So how big of an issue is this for Biden in general, Bob?CUSACK: It's pretty significant, Sandra. I mean, he barely won Wisconsin. I believe it was around 20,000 votes.So this is going to be a problem for Joe Biden going forward. I think it's going to be a huge problem at the convention in Chicago. It's going to be massive protests. These protests have been going on throughout the spring. They're going to go into the summer. And it's really a no-win situation for the president unless this war ends.And, of course, that's what Biden wants, but that also is not going to happen any time soon.SMITH: Meanwhile, Bob, Donald Trump and the RNC, obviously, we're watching the money game here, hauling in 60 -- almost $66 million in March.As we await for Biden and the DNC's total, which is also expected to be strong, by the way, how important is this money race to each side, Bob?CUSACK: Cash is very important in campaigns. There's no doubt about it. But cash is not always king.In 2016, Hillary Clinton outspent Trump. We know what happened in that election. So -- but this is a weakness of the Trump campaign. They have got a polling edge now, especially in the battlegrounds. They're winning. They're winning on the economy. They're winning on immigration.But they're not winning in the money race. And with Trump's legal battles, this is a concern that not only is the gap significant for Democrats, but it can get bigger as he's got to pay these legal fees. So this is significant. They have got to really pump up their fund-raising game.SMITH: Speaking of which, what can be expected this Saturday at Trump's Palm Beach fund-raiser, Bob?CUSACK: Well, listen, I think, to get in, you're going to have to give a lot of money.And I think that this is really the beginning of -- Trump has won easily the Republican primary. He won wire to wire, just like he did basically in 2016. So now it's a new phase. And I'm interested to see. I think Trump has run a very solid campaign so far, better than in 2020.But, again, he's got to broaden his appeal and make the case to independents that they should vote for him over Biden. And, listen, for some independents, I think they're going to be waiting until last second to decide who they're going to vote for.SMITH: That says a lot. And that's why all these big issues, they matter, I mean, watching immigration and what's happening right now, obviously, the economy. This is all going to come into play.And, as we know, a few months is a long time in politics. So we will be watching all of it.Thank you so much, Bob, and great to see you today.CUSACK: Thank you.SMITH: All right, well, in the wake of Chicago's deadliest weekend of the year, Attorney General Merrick Garland is there touting the administration's efforts on crime.What does Gianno Caldwell make of what he heard today? He is here.Then, severe weather is causing major travel troubles along the East Coast. What you need to know.Plus, rescue efforts ramping up after a major earthquake brings structures in Taiwan crashing down. We're going to have the very latest.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: New signs that total eclipse coming Monday could be a total boon for tourism.Plus snow, rain, wind, you name it. A nasty nor'easter heading up the East Coast is wreaking havoc on travelers across the nation. We're on it.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: To Chicago, where Attorney General Merrick Garland is touting the administration's efforts on crime, which this past weekend showed is still a very big problem.FOX News' Garrett Tenney is there -- Garrett.GARRETT TENNEY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Sandra, this homecoming for the attorney general comes just days after Chicago had its deadliest weekend of the year, 33 people shot and seven killed, and yet no new strategies for addressing crime announced today by Attorney General Merrick Garland.Instead, the Justice Department is doubling down on addressing violent crime with a more holistic approach, investing more than a quarter-of-a- billion dollars into community-based programs that work to prevent crime through interventions like counseling, job training, and having folks like former gang members who know the streets working as peacemakers before fights turn deadly.There is a lot of debate over just how effective those kinds of programs actually are, but, today, the attorney general pointed to the nationwide drop in homicides from the last couple of years as proof that the Biden administration's strategies are working.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MERRICK GARLAND, U.S. ATTORNEY GENERAL: The Justice Department is committed to continuing to make historic investments in community violence intervention, and I am personally committed to making sure that those of you in this room and our partners across the country who are protecting our communities get the support you need and deserve.(END VIDEO CLIP)TENNEY: That drop in homicides from some of the highest levels we have seen in decades ignores the larger epidemic of violent crime that continues to plague cities across the country four years after the unrest and crime spikes of 2020.In Atlanta, violent crime is up 19 percent compared to 2019, Minneapolis up 35 and Oakland up 17. The National Fraternal Order of Police says, if the Biden administration was really serious about addressing violent crime, they would instead use this federal funding to first address the nationwide shortage of police officers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE GAMALDI, VICE PRESIDENT, FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE NATIONAL: This extra money being forced on programs that aren't designed to actually make our communities safer is a complete waste. In Austin, they're down 600 officers. In Washington, D.C., they're down anywhere from 700 to 800 officers.In Seattle, they're down 700 officers. In Houston alone, we're down anywhere from 1,000 officers of what we need in order to fill the call volume. So this is an epidemic the likes of which I have never seen in my 19 years of law enforcement.TENNEY: Crime and violence remain some of the top concerns for voters heading into this election. And today was part of the Biden administration's attempts to convince voters that the country is more safe and more secure than it was four years ago -- Sandra.SMITH: Garrett Tenney live in Chicago for us.Thank you, Garrett.Our next guest, sadly, knows the toll Chicago soaring crime takes on families. Christian Caldwell was killed in Chicago in a Chicago shooting in 2022. He was just 18 years old at the time.His brother, FOX News contributor Gianno Caldwell, joins us now.Gianno, it is always good to see you. Thank you for coming on with us.GIANNO CALDWELL, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Thank you for having me.SMITH: What did you make of what you heard from the attorney general in his remarks earlier today?CALDWELL: Well, first and foremost, it's a lie to believe that any Biden policy is reducing crime.What we see in Chicago, which is a very important city for any announcement on crime reduction, is an 11 percent spike just last year, with a 33 percent decline in arrests since 2023. Last year, we saw 625 murders in the city of Chicago.Out of that 625, 18 percent of those murders, 111, were children 19 years and younger, like my baby brother Christian. Some of these folks were very, very innocent kids going about their life, trying to be productive citizens, but yet and still the policies that exist in the city of Chicago and the state of Illinois, especially the SAFE-T Act, which is a law that creates a no-bail society in the state of Illinois, the stop -- the no-stop policy, which ensures the Chicago police have to call their supervisors before they even chase a suspect in a vehicle or on foot, which ensures that the suspect gets away.There is a lot wrong in the city of Chicago and across the country, which is leading to an overall spike in crime in many jurisdictions around the nation. He did not address that. He didn't even address the soft-on-crime progressive prosecutors across the country who aren't doing their job.SMITH: Yes.CALDWELL: We need police officers all over the country.SMITH: Yes.CALDWELL: We need to give them bonuses. We need to give them training. We need to ensure that those who serve and protect us know that we have their backs and that, if they do something wrong, they will be held accountable.That's what we need. And he did not demonstrate that. Attorney General Garland did not demonstrate that today.SMITH: Yes. And the White House was asked about that today as well, about these soft-on-crime policies and DAs and lack of action that is being taken.And, by the way, that tip line was there because you're still searching answers.CALDWELL: That's right.SMITH: We were showing pictures of your beautiful brother, a life gone way too soon.And, Gianno, you know I'm from Chicago. That is a city that is lost. I mean, Garrett Tenney was delivering a report a minute ago. He couldn't even speak over the sirens behind him. I mean, people who are there, those who have had this day, people with money, they have fled the city, right?CALDWELL: That's right.SMITH: And they have been taxed to death if they do stay there. But it's scary.And companies are saying they're having a hard time attracting top talent. I mean, Chicago used to be the place where all over the Midwest kids would graduate college and this was the place to come. And now they fear what is happening there.Every single day, people are scared to go to school. They're scared to go to work. I mean, what is it going to take to turn things around, Gianno?CALDWELL: Let's enforce the laws on the books. Let's treat our police officers with respect.Let's let them know that the mayor of Chicago will have their back. But with Brandon Johnson in office, they know that he doesn't have their back. They know Lori Lightfoot didn't have their back. They know Governor Pritzker does not have their back. So it's almost an impossible job.They need 2,000 detectives that handle the current murder load in the city of Chicago. I'm currently working with the FBI on my brother.SMITH: Yes.CALDWELL: There's still Chicago police involved.And, yes, please call that number if you know anything about what happened on June 24, 2022, in Chicago, when my brother was murdered on 114th South Vincennes Street just standing out of an establishment, with multiple people shot, and the person that was actually the target lived. And he was shot almost 20 times. He lived, but my baby brother died.He was murdered. He was innocent. And there's so many other folks, whether it be in Chicago, New York or across the country, that are experiencing the same reality. The Biden administration has failed. Joe Biden has failed. And we need new leadership. This 2024 election could not be even more important for people like my family who has lost someone who cannot get answers.SMITH: Yes.CALDWELL: We need new leadership in the White House on down.SMITH: Gianno, we are so sorry for your loss. Your family is obviously still in deep grief, and that tip line has been up there. And you are still searching and demanding answers, because that is just -- is tragic what happened to your brother.Thank you very much for joining us. And we grieve with you.CALDWELL: Thank you so much. And God is with us, and God is with many other families that have suffered.And he will bring us justice. I believe that, in Jesus' name.SMITH: Your family changed forever. Gianno, thank you. We will see you again soon.CALDWELL: Thank you.SMITH: All right, well, a powerful nor'easter wreaking havoc for thousands of travelers across the U.S. And we are on it.And rescue operations are still under way, as buildings in Taiwan give way to a major earthquake there. The casualties are mounting. We will have the latest.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: Rescuers racing to save dozens still trapped under rubble after Taiwan's strongest earthquake in 25 years leaves nine dead and hundreds more injured.Greg Palkot has the very latest for us at this hour.Hi, Greg.GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Sandra.Yes, emergency efforts are going on through the night after that very strong earthquake in Taiwan. It hit just off the eastern coast of the island in a popular tourist area, the damage dangerous and widely felt, buildings in the main city there hit by the tremor collapsing or perching at precarious angles.It happened Wednesday morning local time, catching a lot of people out, along with the dead and injured. Many remain missing under the rubble, in collapsed road tunnels and mines, at resorts hit by landslides. Strong shaking was felt across the island.And even in neighboring China, some 100 aftershocks rattled the region. A tsunami warning was issued for Japan and the Philippines. That was later withdrawn. The U.S. has offered assistance. Some of Taiwan's fighter jets were damaged.No sign that Beijing was taking advantage of the disaster. Some electricity was knocked out. One nuclear plant operating on the island was not affected.But, Sandra, also affected, Taiwan's crucial semiconductor industry. Factories operating with finely tuned precision needed be shut down, even the bottom line affected -- back to you.SMITH: Greg Palkot with the very latest on that for us.Greg, thank you.Now to those severe storms here at home, including a powerful nor'easter slamming millions along the East Coast and wreaking havoc for travelers. More than 5,000 flights have been delayed or canceled so far today.FOX News' chief meteorologist, Rick Reichmuth, is tracking all of it for us from the FOX Weather Center.What can you tell us, Rick?RICK REICHMUTH, FOX NEWS CHIEF METEOROLOGIST: Sandra, what a storm.We have had snow. We have had severe weather, lots of tornadoes. A tornado threat yesterday didn't materialize in as bad of a fashion as we thought it could have been, which is good news that that forecast didn't verify, but a lot of wind damage and certainly some tornadoes, all part of this sprawling storm.You see the snow on the backside of this across much of Wisconsin towards parts of Illinois, and then we have got the rain from Florida all the way up through much of Maine. These are our 300 reports of severe weather that we have had since Monday from this. All those reds are where we have had the tornadoes really spread out over a big area.But look at these wind reports, 102-mile-an-hour wind in Cannonsburg, Kentucky. That causes a lot of damage. Now, today, we're looking at that severe weather threat across parts of Florida, and then again in towards the mid-Atlantic. You see this line of storms? This is the front moving through, and it's going to take some time for this to be through.We have had a few severe thunderstorm watches in effect right now -- excuse me -- warnings, but a tornado possible with this one. It was tornado-warned just about five minutes ago. Same goes down here towards the south, so be very careful across parts of the mid-Atlantic. This tornado watch goes in effect until 7:00 p.m. tonight, down towards Florida, also until 5:00, still the tail end here of this tornado watch.There's a snowy side of this across Wisconsin, 14 inches of snow from this. And the Northeast, which has not had much snow at all, is going to have one of its biggest snowstorms by the time we get towards Friday. Some spots may be up towards two feet of snow. It's going to be northern parts of New England and interior sections as well.The cities, the big cities at least from Philly, D.C., Boston, all the way up towards Boston, it's going to be mostly rain. But a lot of this rain is really significant, really heavy, and that's causing some big delays across some of those airports.Watch how this plays out. There's the first storm. Bit of a nor'easter develops here, and this becomes all snow by the time we get towards tomorrow morning, much of New England getting the snow. Eventually, maybe a few Flakes making its way towards the cities, but not any accumulating snow there.But, Sandra, it's hard to believe that here we are in April. We didn't have much of a winter at all, and now we have got this massive winter storm that is barreling through. It's a slow mover also. This is Saturday 6:00 a.m., so we have got about three days before this storm is fully out of here.SMITH: Mother Nature did not get the memo. We have switched seasons.REICHMUTH: No.(LAUGHTER)SMITH: All right, Rick Reichmuth on that for us.We will keep watching all of it. Thank you.While Northeast storms are keeping travelers home this week, a total eclipse is set to spark a tourism boom next week.Then, new proof that California minimum wage mandate is fueling sky-high prices.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: FOX News Alert, as we are getting some news out of New York, where former President Donald Trump has lost his bid to delay his hush money trial until the Supreme Court reviews the presidential immunity arguments in the election interference case.These are according to brand-new court records. We're digging through them right now. But pertaining to this criminal hush money case involving DA Bragg, the judge has denied the presidential immunity motion filed by former President Donald Trump. The judge denied that, calling it untimely.So we're reading through this now. We're going to continue to update you with any news that we learn from this, but that is the news for now.All right, meanwhile, everybody's getting their glasses ready, a total solar eclipse expected this month -- sorry -- this Monday, when the moon will pass between the sun and the Earth, completely blocking the sun for several minutes.FOX Weather's Steve Bender on where you might best catch a glimpse of this happening.STEVE BENDER, FOX WEATHER METEOROLOGIST: Yes.SMITH: Everyone's talking about it.BENDER: That's right, Sandra. We got the path of totality.That's what you were looking at as well, that stripe across the country. Look at all the big cities nestled into there. You have Indianapolis, Dallas, Little Rock up towards Cleveland. Here's the time frame, when those cities will experience that path of totality, but it all hinges on where there -- will there be cloud cover?And, sadly, for many of these locations down South, this forecast coming in right now has a cloudy potential. And then you start to move up into the Ohio Valley region and up into the Northeast, a better opportunity of a lack of cloud cover.Looking into Dallas and San Antonio, overcast conditions, and then a new concern coming out, as we get into Monday now, a likely severe threat for Dallas and Fort Worth. Here's the path of totality. There's the likely threat and there's a potential for this to evolve in the coming days leading up to the total eclipse.That could expand or it could shift. And so many that have booked these trips months or years in advance to chase this opportunity may need to make some last-minute adjustments. As you start to move north, Paducah, Kentucky, up towards Indianapolis, a better opportunity of visibility.And then up towards the Northeast, you have Buffalo, Syracuse, and Burlington with few clouds as well. Not only is this a big opportunity for many, but this is big business, spots like Little Rock and even up towards Buffalo seeing a surge of people that are coming in. We're talking 600 to 400 percent increase in visitors.In total, Sandra, when we look at the economic value of this, the local economies are expected or anticipated to benefit $1.2 billion out of this one event. And you don't have to spend a dime if you can't get there. We have you covered on FOX Weather. These are the teams that are out, and they are everywhere as this evolves through the day.And so we encourage you, on April 8, as you had mentioned, Sandra, on Monday, if you want to see the total eclipse and you can't see it for yourself, we will have that live coverage here on FOX Weather.SMITH: I love that map and all the people we are going to have along the way. That is awesome and a great build. Now, get your glasses ready.Steve Bender, thank you. Very exciting.And don't forget FOX Weather is your destination for the latest weather news and forecasts. Stream it on your favorite connected device, always on, always free. I love mine.And Monday's eclipse could bring a tourism boom, as Steve just said, of $1.5 billion to states in its pathTo travel expert Lee Abbamonte now on this phenomenon.Lee, I personally know someone who has planned a trip for years to go see this, like, over state borders.(LAUGHTER)LEE ABBAMONTE, TRAVEL EXPERT: Yes, it's -- you are kind of always at the mercy of Mother Nature, right? And you might have to make a slight change of plans if you are going to go to Dallas. Maybe you want to shoot up to Rochester or something like that...(LAUGHTER)ABBAMONTE: ... and hope for the best up there. You can't control the weather.And I realize people have been making plans since the last eclipse like seven years ago. So it's going to be interesting. But you never know what could happen between now and Monday.SMITH: OK, so people are going to pack their bags. They're going to find the best way to view this.But you mentioned weather. And that can get -- that can be a problem. But it is fascinating to me that this is going to create a tourism boom. It just tells me that people are just hungry for adventure. You know, they want to see stuff with their own eyes.ABBAMONTE: Yes.SMITH: It's fun, right?ABBAMONTE: People like stuff. They like being a part of things. I mean, I do it too. I have traveled all over the world to be a part of events and things like that.So -- and this is like a phenomenon that really doesn't happen. It's not quite Halley's Comet, but it's pretty uncommon, right? So people are going to travel and they're going to spend money, they're going to stay in hotels, they're going to rent cars, they're going to buy stuff, eat, and it's a big economic boom for all of the major cities there in the path of totality and a lot of little places too.Places like Bloomington, Indiana, they're doing a big event in their football stadium. I think William Shatner is actually going to be there. And hotels and airlines are actually getting in on it too. The Omni PGA Frisco with Southwest Airlines and they're doing a solar eclipse event for a fly-and-stay kind of thing.So people are really taking advantage of this, both businesses and individuals. So it's really a win-win for everybody.SMITH: The build up is fun. We covered this in 2017, obviously. August 2017 was the last time.And there's this huge buildup, almost like it's like a space rocket launch, but there's no rocket launch. So you all just, OK, it's happening. It's happening.(LAUGHTER)SMITH: But it is very exciting, and it's great to be a part of it. And we're all looking forward to it, and fun that people are going to travel to see it.Great to see you. Thank you very much.ABBAMONTE: You too. Thanks for having me, as always.SMITH: All right. Thank you, Lee.We're going to have more after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCOTT RODRICK, CALIFORNIA MCDONALD'S FRANCHISEE: A 25 percent mandated wage increase overnight targeting a single subsector of one private industry has never, ever been done before.Instead of lamenting bad legislation, I need to look forward. Obviously, price has to be a consideration, but I can't charge $25 for a Quarter Pounder With Cheese. So I have got to look at every option for business survivability.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: That business owner is not alone.California fast-food joints raising their menu prices in the wake of this $20 minimum wage mandate, as they said they would have to do. And The New York Post has the pictures to prove it.Joining us now is The New York Post national editor, Andy Tillett.Thank you so much, Andy.This is incredible. Like, does anybody look back at history and go, this doesn't work? I mean, every business owner said, if you do this to us, we will probably have to lay off workers, right? And we will probably have to raise prices to the consumer.ANDY TILLETT, NATIONAL EDITOR, THE NEW YORK POST: Yes, indeed, Sandra.Well, we found out on the very first day of this $20 minimum wage going into effect prices rose. So, at Burger King, one burger was $1.80 more than it had been two days previously. And a fish sandwich had gone up by $4 already. So, that's on the first day of this wage coming to effect.If you want to think about how, in four weeks, six weeks, two months, as the cost of having more workers -- having more wages for workers really starts to kick in, those prices could go higher. And I don't think ordinary Americans want to be paying $12, $13, $15 just for a burger and fries.SMITH: These are substantial prices increases. And then what happens is, this happens and then you have the administration, the president himself will step out and say that this is price gouging.I mean, what did they expect would happen? I mean, don't you look back and say, OK, the market's always going to determine? I interviewed someone this week out in California. First of all, she said she spent months figuring out if this law applies to her, right? That's a lot of time, a lot of money away from improving your business and managing your employees, who basically said that her employees were able to basically make this anyway in tips and otherwise.But now this mandate changes the game. She won't be able to hire as many as those, like, college-age, younger workers. She's going to have to slim down her work force. She's already raising prices. I mean, time and time again, this is what we see.TILLETT: Sure.The most obvious effect, to me, seems to be that, with $20 minimum wage, there's going to be, the fast-food companies, which spend multimillions of dollars on research and development, are going to pivot towards A.I. The first fully automated McDonald's in the country was opened in Fort Worth in December 2022.I'm pretty sure that the next place they will be looking to roll that out will be California, based on this particular thing. And the people that this affects are the normal working people, the hardworking people who go to jobs and then want to get a burger after work.It's not the kale-smoothie-drinking Hollywood elite who are going to be affected by this.(LAUGHTER)TILLETT: Because the first knock-on effect, as studies or research showed, was that the prices go up and it's passed straight onto the consumer.SMITH: That franchise owner that we just played the sound of there a minute ago, McDonald's franchise, such a good point that he said, I can't waste or spend my time lamenting bad policies. I have to look forward.And, boy, do so many business owners understand that.TILLETT: Sure. I'm sure.And it's the first time that California has singled out one particular industry, the fast-food industry, and said this wage will apply to workers in that area and not to everyone else. It doesn't seem to make sense that they would want to single things out in that way on one particular -- one particular, you know...SMITH: Yes.You're starting to wonder, when you walk into a fast-food restaurant, if 20 bucks is going to cover your meal.(LAUGHTER)TILLETT: Yes.SMITH: I mean, that's happening.TILLETT: Yes, and I'm sure most people don't want that.SMITH: Yes. I mean, it is unbelievable. It's very common now on social media to see people taking pictures of their fast-food receipts and posting them, because they're in sticker shock. So...TILLETT: We have done numerous stories about how the prices at McDonald's, of Burger King, of various fast-food locations...SMITH: It's incredible.TILLETT: Yes.SMITH: It was great to see you. Great to chat with you.TILLETT: Thank you.SMITH: And good stuff in The New York Post. Thanks for joining us.Neil will be back tomorrow. And you can catch me tomorrow alongside John Roberts 1:00 p.m. Eastern time on "America Reports."For now, here is "The Five."