THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Well, you're looking live at New York City, moments ago, the eclipse of the sun plunging the city into almost darkness, millions of Americans across some 15 states looking up to catch it, traffic stopping over it, special Delta flights chasing it, even stock trading on Wall Street slow because of it.And NASA firing off three rockets to learn more about it. We're going to talk to the mission commander behind it.First, FOX team coverage with Jonathan Hunt in Indianapolis, where they just caught a glimpse of it. Nate Foy at a viewing party aboard the USS Intrepid for it, Max Gorden in Cleveland, where they're gathering all day just to see it, and a lot of them sticking around, and Janice Dean in the thick of it in Little Rock, Arkansas, on what animals were making of it.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto. And that's true, what I just told you about it, even affected by them on the New York Stock Exchange, when a lot of traders left their Quotrons and computers to take a look outside.Very happy to have you, everybody. Let's get right to it.Jonathan Hunt in Indianapolis, he was monitoring this in the middle of the country.Jonathan, what was the reaction there?JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.It was an extraordinary reaction to what was a quite extraordinary event. I think none of us among the 50,000 or so who had gathered here for a watch party at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway knew exactly how we would react as we approached that moment of totality and then the sun completely disappeared behind the moon.For me, Neil, it actually felt quite emotional. It was certainly a physical and even spiritual reaction for a lot of people, I think, here as you look down the speedway now, a few stragglers still here, because, well, how often do you get to walk on the speedway itself?But, yes, it was an extraordinary moment, Neil, and I think for a talking to here talking to them during it and after the three minutes and 49 seconds or so we had a totality here, we're talking about how it made them feel smaller, how it made them realize just how big the universe is, how awesome nature is.And I think for a lot of people it made them think about the divides that they have perhaps within their family, the divides that we see across the nation, politically speaking, the divides that we see globally with so many conflicts raging around the world.And I think a lot of people thought this makes us realize that, let's put aside our differences. At least for today, this is one moment where we are unified, looking up at the sky, appreciating the sheer power of the universe in which we live and in which we are, after all, just a tiny, tiny part.So, it was an incredible experience, Neil. I felt absolutely privileged to be here, not just among these 50,000 great people who had come to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, but to be part of this event itself. It really was quite incredible, breathtaking, and I have to say again, Neil, it actually made me feel a little emotional as the sun disappeared and then reappeared.And you could see from the people the reactions here. It was much the same for a lot of them, just gasps of awe and then cheers just watching the universe, this cosmic coincidence, do its thing, Neil.CAVUTO: Well, you were doing your thing, and it was a wonder to see.Jonathan, thank you very much.Jonathan Hunt in Indianapolis on that.I want to go to Nate Foy right now.Nate, I loved your coverage and your discussion a little earlier in New York -- you're on the USS Intrepid -- with that girl. I think she was a 10- year-old girl who was even saying, compared to a concert she's going to of Olivia Rodrigo tonight, this beat that. That amazed me.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: It certainly tells you how much she enjoyed it, Neil, because, as I said, Olivia Rodrigo, if you don't know, she's just like a step below Taylor Swift. She's as famous as it gets right now. She's playing at MSG.And that girl Maddie (ph) said that she enjoyed this even more. She was more excited about the eclipse. She was one of 3,000 people that came here to the Intrepid Museum to view it. And, honestly, Neil, you know, living in New York City, in Manhattan, sometimes, you go days without seeing the sun because of all the skyscrapers.So a lot of people came out here on board the USS Intrepid on the Hudson to enjoy it and see it as well as they could. I want to talk to more of those people who just had this viewing experience.What's up, buddy? What did you think?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was really good. And I - and --FOY: Here, keep talking. It was really good.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And I -- also and also -- and also --FOY: What was your favorite part?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My favorite part was when it was like a crescent moon - - a crescent sign.FOY: Yes, yes, yes.And I will ask mom, for the family, what kind of experience was this for you?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, it was really amazing being able to share this experience together, and just come here, and the atmosphere is just so great, and seeing something that we have never seen before.We have never had this opportunity before.FOY: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And to have it right here in New York City is amazing.FOY: It's the first total eclipse in New York in 99 years. So it is a once-in-a-century moment.(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dad, your big takeaway?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was just great to take the kids out of school early and come down and have a good time, and something we will never get to do again, probably, with them. So it was awesome, unless we travel.FOY: Well, awesome stuff, guys. I'm glad that you had a great time.Neil, we have one more family to chat with.You guys live in New York.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we do.FOY: Tell me about your big takeaways. What did you think?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.So, my son and my fur baby here, we were anticipating this for weeks on end. And so we tried to do everything we could to prepare. And we were a little bummed out that the clouds rolled in right as we got to that peak, but just excited that we still got to get out and see everyone actually care about what's happening. So that was cool.FOY: And your son's name is Bryce?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.FOY: Bryce, well, how did it -- how was it compared to what you thought that it was going to be?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I thought it was going to be like really, like dark, but the sun really -- like, the clouds really just covered it. And I was really bummed out because I have my glasses here.And I was just ready for -- ready to see it.FOY: Do you remember the eclipse in 2017?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I do not.FOY: And what about you, mom?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, I don't. We were out on the West Coast. So even if so, it was partial, and the next one, not for, what, another 22 -- how old are you going to be 20 years?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thirty-three.FOY: Three. All right, good stuff.Well, nice meeting you guys. I'm happy that you had a great time.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you.(CROSSTALK)FOY: Thank you.Neil, people here in New York City saw 90 percent of totality. For that extra 10 percent, you got to go to Upstate New York. Niagara Falls is where Governor Kathy Hochul took it in today. The mayor there says that they expect more people, more visitors in Niagara Falls today than any other day in the city's history, and 385,000 -- up to 385,000 people expected to visit New York today to view the eclipse, which, again, in New York, is now over as it continues to move northeast right now over Maine.We will send it back to you, Neil.CAVUTO: I love the interviews with the kids, Nate, but that one little guy, he's 13 now, so 20 years, he will only be 33. I will be 112.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: That's amazing. So he has a shot at this, me not so much.Nate, great job today. I appreciate it.And Max Gorden deserved this break today, I was telling him earlier on FOX Business, which, if you don't get, you should demand. Anyway, one of the things we were saying is, we put him in harm's way on the biggest stories, weather stories and others. So he's used to disasters, so he had the treat today of seeing something that few human beings get to see.Max, what was it like in Cleveland?MAX GORDEN, FOX WEATHER CORRESPONDENT: Yes.Well, Neil, there are certain stories that you cover as a journalist, especially when you're live, where you're simply experiencing it and you're just trying to take the viewer along with you and just try to give them a little taste of what it's like to be there.And to be here in Cleveland during totality was simply incredible. We saw a sunset 360 degrees around us while we were plunged into darkness here in downtown Cleveland. All around me, we had people staring up at the sky. And just to echo what Jonathan said earlier, this was a moment where everyone was experiencing the same thing across the country.Everyone was staring up at the same sun as it was blocked by the moon. And it was simply beautiful. It was incredible. We saw the corona of the sun. And the prominence here in Cleveland, this amazing solar flare, a prominence on the southern tip of the sun, it was just amazing to watch, amazing to experience.And this is going to be something that I personally will never forget as a journalist and as a person.CAVUTO: Beautiful stuff.Now the bad news for you, Max. I don't know if you saw your assignment for tomorrow, but we will talk when you come home.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: All right. Great job, Max.GORDEN: It's all good.CAVUTO: Max Gorden all of that.Meanwhile, Janice Dean, the weather machine, she goes anywhere all over the world, but she had a unique venue for this at Little Rock, Arkansas. Went to a zoo because, she's like Dr. Dolittle and the animals talk to her, but, strangely, she talks back.But, anyway, she witnessed all of this.And, Janice, how did that go down? JANICE DEAN, FOX NEWS SENIOR METEOROLOGIST: It went spectacularly, Neil Cavuto.I have to tell you, I was a little worried because, earlier, last week, we were looking at Little Rock, and it looked like we were going to see some storms. We certainly saw storms in parts of Texas and the severe threat.Of course, you want to stay tuned to FOX Weather for all of your severe weather alerts. But here in Arkansas, Little Rock in particular, clear skies.And, Susan, what did you think? This was your first eclipse.SUSAN ALTRUI, DIRECTOR, LITTLE ROCK ZOO: I totally understand what the hype is all about. What an absolutely amazing experience this was.And it was so fun to experience it here at the Little Rock Zoo.DEAN: Yes, you're the director here. Tell me about attendance. Was it up?ALTRUI: It was up, especially for a Monday. So we had about 1,500 people, which is a great crowd for us.DEAN: Mm-hmm. And what do you think people took away from this event?ALTRUI: Well, I think people were excited. I think people had an absolutely incredible experience. I was over at great apes and people were literally screaming and crying.DEAN: Yes.ALTRUI: I mean, it was just a really just energetic experience.DEAN: Let's talk about the animals. This is eclipse, by the way.And, Sidney (ph), tell me what kind of goat Eclipse is.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So, Eclipse is an African pygmy goat and he's 8 years old.DEAN: Hi, Eclipse.And he does tricks?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He does, yes.DEAN: Tell me. Show me.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK, so this is one of his tricks. He can turn. Oh, he's eating right now. He has to take a second.DEAN: I understand. Finish what you're eating. OK.(CROSSTALK)DEAN: Aw.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He's a pretty smart little boy.(LAUGHTER)DEAN: Yes.And you witnessed some animal behavior during the eclipse. What happened here?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So I was down here at the Arkansas Heritage Farm, and I noticed a lot of our animals actually came inside like it was the end of their day here, like when we're feeding them.DEAN:UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: One of our horses was running around. She's like, hey, where was our dinner at? So it was pretty fun.(LAUGHTER)DEAN: And there were reactions from the elephants too. Did you hear about that?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I did not.DEAN: Yes, Susan. We were by the elephants and there was trumpeting to be heard.ALTRUI: Yes, we had some trumpeting that happened. And our chimpanzees were fascinating too. I was over there when that happened and they went on what we call patrol. They got in a single file line and started checking out the exhibit. It was just a little strange for them. So they were just making sure everything was OK.It was just a lot of interesting things happening all over the zoo.DEAN: And the reception was pretty amazing. We had a perfect view of the total eclipse for 2.5 minutes at 1:51 p.m.ALTRUI: Yes, I mean, how great to be able to see that and to have that amount of time to just be able to experience something?And, again, like I said, this was something none of us have ever seen before. And to be able to see it for the first time was really, truly amazing.DEAN: Well, I'm excited because, in 20 years from now, the total solar eclipse is going to happen in Little Rock, Arkansas. So I hope you will have me back.ALTRUI: Oh, we would love to have you back. And you don't have to come back just for the eclipse. We want you to come back for so many other things. We have so many great things happening here at the zoo and just in Little Rock in general.DEAN: I love it.This is my first time in Little Rock, Arkansas. I will definitely bring my family.Neil Cavuto, a lot of the animals felt like it was nighttime and they wanted to take a nap after the solar eclipse. And me, as a weather anchor, I feel like I could probably curl up and take a nap as well -- so, back to you.CAVUTO: You should have told them my show's on at 4:00. That should do the trick.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: So, you did a great job, Janice. It was really fun watching all of you guys today. You really put your heart and soul into it. It was fun. It was fun to watch.I was checking the stock market myself, Janice, but I heard about this whole phenomenon. So thank you very much.All right, we have a lot more. You know, they launched not one, not two, but three rockets to study this thing and the phenomenon of this thing all today. You wonder what that was about? We're on it -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, still following this solar eclipse today as it passes through Maine right now, but what was interesting about today is not only an opportunity to watch this on terra firma on Earth, three different rockets launched today to study it in greater detail.Here to give us a perspective on what that's all about in these multiple launches, Mike Massimino, the former NASA astronaut. "Moonshot: A NASA Astronaut's Guide to Achieving the Impossible," it's a great book and it's done with great humor. Terry Virts as well, the former International Space Station commander, retired NASA astronaut.Guys, as you know, I'm a fellow astronaut, because Gene Cernan famously gave me a pin to prove it, so I guess we're all astronauts together.But in all seriousness, guys, you have got to help me out with this multiple rocket launch today to study all of this. First to you, Mike. What was that about, is it about?MIKE MASSIMINO, FORMER NASA ASTRONAUT: Well, whenever we have -- it's great to see you, Neil.And, Terry, nice outfit. Good hat.(LAUGHTER)MASSIMINO: The -- I hope you also wore glasses, though, when you were viewing.(CROSSTALK)COL. TERRY VIRTS, FORMER NASA ASTRONAUT: I can still see the sun. Everywhere I look, I can see the sun. I don't know why.(LAUGHTER)MASSIMINO: It's an opportunity for us not just to enjoy this spectacular event on Earth and view the eclipse. It's also an opportunity for scientists to learn about the sun and what they call space weather, which is the activity of the sun.So the sun is so bright, it's really hard to observe it under normal circumstances. But the Earth -- when the moon eclipses the sun, it acts as a natural what we call a coronagraph, which blocks out the brightness of the sun. It's also used to observe stars, a coronagraph is.And you can just see the outer corona of the sun itself. And so they can study and measure the activity of the sun. And by having a telescope or probe, a satellite above the atmosphere to do that, which is I assume what they're doing with these rockets --CAVUTO: Yes.MASSIMINO: -- you get an even clearer view of it because you're above the atmosphere.CAVUTO: You know, Terry, what's fascinating about it as well is, they were launched at three different times, so three -- 45 minutes before, then during, and 45 minutes after the peak local eclipse.What's the purpose of that? What is that about?VIRTS: Well, those particular rockets, we're looking at how the sunlight affects the upper atmosphere.So, it would have been up in the very high atmosphere a few hundred miles above Earth to see before, during the eclipse and after to see how that atmosphere changes. And that atmosphere is very important for communications, for satellite communications, for electric power grids.So the scientists are just trying to get some basic scientific information about our atmosphere that you can only really get during an eclipse.CAVUTO: You know, I -- you guys know this inside now, which makes you astronauts -- well, that makes us all astronauts.But, Mike, I know there are going to be viewers saying, Neil, you're not an astronaut. But, Mike, there are a lot of people who are stunned, as was I, that some of these solar flares we're witnessing, go millions, millions of miles from the sun.And this is that rare opportunity to kind of witness that calculate that, study that. What do we gain from that, Mike?MASSIMINO: Well, we had -- I think it was a couple of months ago, Neil, we had a solar activity that actually affected communications on Earth. There was some dropouts, some communication dropouts.CAVUTO: Right. Right.MASSIMINO: And so when we have that type of activity, it's helpful to be able to predict that to know when that's going to happen.And the more they learn about the sun, the better that they can predict those things. Also, for people up on the space station, or as we have people traveling even further out into -- and away from our planet, they are susceptible to these solar flares, to that radiation.So understanding how it behaves and trying to predict its nature and when they may happen will help us prepare for them and be able to be ready when they occur.CAVUTO: It is amazing. I know these were taking off from the Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia.But we have seen a lot of launches, period, not only sending crews back and forth to the International Space Station, but, Terry, many more were, at the Space Coast, and it almost seems like every other day, there's a launch. So it's busy these days. What do you make of it?VIRTS: Well, it is busy.The space industry has been really exploding. SpaceX in specific has been launching just a ton of rockets. It's -- a lot of them are for the Starlink system that they're putting in space.CAVUTO: Right.VIRTS: So they got a lot of -- thousands of satellites that need to launch. So that means there's a lot of launches happening. There's a few other companies, Blue Origin, Rocket Labs. There's a lot, but it's a great time for the American space industry.Actually, America has really been dominating what used to be a Russian- dominated industry until about five years ago. So it's been good news for that segment of the American economy, for sure.CAVUTO: You know, there are a lot of players in space right now too, besides us, of course, coming back, big time with partnerships with government and space companies and billionaires like Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk and on and on.But, Mike, I was noticing that, when you add China and what it's doing on the moon and setting up a space station the moon, spends a lot of time on the far side of the moon. But we don't get many details about that. I don't mean to use this day as a chance to raise eyebrows and worries, but it's like they're not participating in all the fun.And some are worried about that. What do you think?MASSIMINO: Well, I just -- it's unfortunate, I think. It would be great to be able to have all the countries of the world cooperate.And I think that's even for countries that may not always get along in certain matters. You can usually agree on scientific and exploration objectives.CAVUTO: Yes.MASSIMINO: So I would hope that we will be able to cooperate with all the countries around the world. Right now, that's not happening.But, certainly, I think also there is a little bit to be said for competition, and maybe a little competition will help us get there a little bit quicker.CAVUTO: That's well put.I think, Terry, in the case of John F. Kennedy, when our space program was launching, it helped to have sort of like an enemy, not that that's probably the right word, in the Soviet Union at the time. We wanted to beat them to the moon and that was the focus and the challenge. We kind of lost that at the end of the Apollo program with Apollo 17 cutting down from what were to be 21 or 22 Apollos, and never quite the same.But it's changing now. How do you see it now, Terry?VIRTS: Well, that's true.Competition, like Mike said, is a great thing. Without the Red Sox or, nowadays, without the Astros, the Yankees wouldn't have to work so hard. So competition is a good thing.(LAUGHTER)VIRTS: I think in the future, hopefully we can work together. There's some things on Earth that are more important than working in space.But Mike and I both were at NASA during the time where we had some really great cooperation. I mean, we built the International Space Station.CAVUTO: That's right.VIRTS: So, that's a model of how we can and -- do things. We just need to make sure that governments behave better on Earth, because that's where most people live.But the cooperation was my favorite part of being an astronaut, to be honest.CAVUTO: Yes, that's interesting, because we -- that's in our DNA to cooperate and sort of attack this with the same zeal. Hopefully, that returns.Mike and Terry, thank you very much. An honor to have both of you.All right, in the meantime here, we told you how to big event this was all over the country, where this is going on, because 99 percent of Americans could catch some of this. This may be more than others in some places.But, in Dallas, they were actually kind of worried because Mother Nature wasn't cooperating. That was until the moment itself.Casey Stegall is there.Hey, Casey.CASEY STEGALL, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil, yes.And, also, talk about a big shot in the arm for the economy. One economist says that today's solar eclipse will wind up being the most profitable few minutes in the state's 179-year history.We will break it all down for you up next in a live report.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: I know a lot of you say my greedy little friends on Wall Street really don't care about something as majestic as an eclipse.Well, they left their computers for about three minutes today to catch it for themselves, so there. Then they made some more money.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: You know, speaking of the eclipse -- and Casey Stegall has been covering this -- but you know what I discovered with Casey reporting on the economic impact of this? He is a darn good business reporter as well, in fact, a little too good for my liking.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Anyway, he joins us out of Dallas with the economic impact of all of this.What do you have, buddy?STEGALL: Hey, Neil, good to see you; $6 billion, all right, that is an awful lot of money, and that is how big the economic impact of this out-of- this-world experience today is supposed to have across the entire country.And here in Texas specifically, we're supposed to get the biggest chunk of that because we had the largest area, the most land mass in the totality zone. In fact, multiple large metropolitan areas like San Antonio, Austin, and Dallas, Fort Worth here, officials in the Lone Star State initially said that they wouldn't have the final figures until it's all over.But they say preliminary estimates put that number anywhere between $150 million to $600 million. For context, in Dallas alone, hotels were 99 percent full, some 35,000 rooms, while campgrounds were at 90 percent capacity, and some half-a-million people were expected to visit, like this woman we met from Washington, D.C.DIANA HONG, VISITING DALLAS FROM D.C.: This time, it looks like there's a bunch of different cities that are actually on the totality map, but Dallas was just such a major flight hub, so easy to get to.I had a couple of colleagues and friends in the area, so it was like we should meet up too and try to make a party of it.(END VIDEO CLIP)STEGALL: Area roadways have been packed with people, with cops shutting some areas down to better accommodate the surge of traffic.Rental cars practically sold out, and DFW International Airport no doubt, expecting very, very long lines as all of those eclipse-goers who flocked here head home and start to trickle back to their final destinations -- Neil.CAVUTO: All right, that's enough of you, young man, doing these excellent business stories, all right? That's fine.(LAUGHTER)STEGALL: Well, thank you. Very kind.CAVUTO: All right, great job, Casey Stegall in Dallas, Texas.Steve Wright with us right now, Vermont's Jay Peak Resort general manager. And we were intrigued to have Steve come over and talk to us because everything's booked in Vermont. Everything's booked in a lot of hotels and all, business booming.Steve, this started early, right?STEVE WRIGHT, GENERAL MANAGER, JAY PEAK RESORT: Yes, we have had -- nice to be here, Neil.We have had about 900 rooms booked for about a year here at Jay Peak. And although we won't do the $600 million that Dallas was talking about, the last two or three days will absolutely make our fiscal year.(LAUGHTER)WRIGHT: April's the end of our fiscal. And along with about 40 inches of snow in the last two days, this eclipse has meant the world to us.CAVUTO: Forty inches of snow?WRIGHT: Yes.CAVUTO: And you have been getting a lot just the last the week or so, right? So that's wild.But, Steve, the one thing I -- when you book all of these rooms -- now, obviously, this date was well-known. We're going to see April 8. They're going to see this big eclipse throughout the continental United States, big time by you.Were those rooms booked years ago? What can you tell us?WRIGHT: We booked our very first room four years ago.CAVUTO: Wow.WRIGHT: So, just at the beginning of the pandemic, we booked our first we booked our first room. I had no idea what a what an eclipse was at that point, but I can tell you I found out real quickly that what it was.We adjusted our rates and we started to book. And we put -- we put everything on the side and booked everything within a year of the date. And we have a couple hundred people that live in the town that we're in here and we have more than 10,000 people here today on campus, and it was spectacular.CAVUTO: That's amazing.You said you adjusted your rates. What are they normally? What were they for this event?WRIGHT: Well, they're normally in April -- even though Jay Peak gets the most snow in Eastern North America, April is the end of the season. So we're on late season rates. So I will simply say that it was late season- plus that we adjusted the rates to.(LAUGHTER)(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: I like that, late season-plus.WRIGHT: We didn't gouge folks. Yes, we didn't gouge folks.CAVUTO: OK.WRIGHT: But we made a good number here this weekend.CAVUTO: Any difficult -- those -- that's a big crowd to put up with. I was reading about Niagara Falls, that they had a state of emergency right now just dealing with the million-plus who descended on Niagara Falls.Now, obviously, it's a different creature for you. You did have the added appeal of the snow and skiing and all that, but any difficulties with any of all those people?WRIGHT: Extraordinarily well-behaved, somewhere between a very busy holiday weekend at a ski resort and a Dead show. So that's what it felt like here today, a little bit of everything, and everything went off smoothly, and everyone was super well-behaved.CAVUTO: So, obviously, none of my relatives made it to your place, but it sounds like you handled it all?WRIGHT: We handled everything.No, we didn't see any Cavutos here. We had our eyes peeled for them, We didn't see anybody, though.CAVUTO: Yes. Yes.WRIGHT: Just leave the prosciuttos and the capocollo out on the main table.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Steve, I'm glad everything went well. Congratulations.WRIGHT: Thank you, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, Steve Wright, Vermont's Jay Peak resort general manager.That's true. They have been getting hit by a lot of snow, a lot of snow and ice.All right, have a lot more coming up, including right now, Joe Biden, he is still eclipsing Donald Trump on the money-raising front. See what I did there? But don't assume that Donald Trump isn't still shooting for the stars.Basic cable, my friends. Basic cable.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: You know, for the longest time, he might have been trailing into polls, but Joe Biden was eclipsing one Donald J. Trump when it came to money raised. And, in fact, he'd been doubling, lapping him in that money race.But now, all of a sudden, well, Donald Trump is red hot again and shooting for those stars, and that exhausts all my eclipse analogies.So let's go to Charlie Gasparino with what's going on here in the money race.Hi, Charlie.CHARLIE GASPARINO, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: I was going to say, I haven't heard that many cliches in one sentence in a long time.(CROSSTALK)(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Oh, then you haven't been on this show nearly enough.But how does it look?GASPARINO: By the way, was there an eclipse? Because I didn't -- it looked pretty light outside to me.CAVUTO: Incredible. Go ahead.GASPARINO: Anyway, listen, here's the thing you have to realize about Donald Trump. He doesn't need as much money to run against Joe Biden that Joe Biden needs against him. I mean, Joe Biden's going to conduct a campaign that's largely hidden from the press.He's not going to be -- his advisers are not going to put him out there, because he's not just gaffe-prone, but now he's old. And he's, in some ways, feeble. And that adds to the perception that he's not physically capable for the job, or the reality, however you want to put it.So Trump does need money, but he needs -- all he needs to do is close that gap a little bit. And, listen, if you're looking at the numbers now, and if you're looking at this weekend, the Palm Beach fund-raiser by John Paulson as sort of an anecdote and an indicator, he's probably going to get enough money to be competitive from a money standpoint, particularly from large donors.What I understand is, except for a handful of holdouts -- and we can go through that handful in a few minutes -- a lot of people are coming back to him. They're looking at Trump-Biden. And as far left as Trump has gone -- as Biden has gone has really turned off a lot of people that believe in free markets.So even if you have reservations about Donald Trump's divisiveness and January 6 antics, if you're a big GOP megadonor, you're thinking, hmm, should I be worried about President Kamala Harris? Should I be worried about turning the White House again for another four years over to the far left of the party, which Joe Biden has done in the previous three years, four years?And I think that could really help Donald Trump marginally. Now, there are holdouts. And we were talking about this today on FOX Business, Neil. Ken Griffin, the big megadonor, GOP megadonor, holdout right now. Steve Schwarzman, another big megadonor and someone who is close to Trump, still holding out. He's the CEO of Blackstone.Miriam Adelson, who's -- her husband was a huge donor to Trump, they were actually all pretty close at one point, somehow got turned off by Donald Trump, and she was supporting DeSantis, and I think at least Haley at the end.So those are three megadonors that my guess is Donald Trump is going to try to woo back into the fold. As a matter of fact, I heard there's open communications and all this other stuff. But we will see if they come back. But if he can kind of get them back in, he's going to -- he's going to -- I think he's going to have -- at least the people I speak to think he's going to be OK in the money side.Now, remember, Neil, it was a story we did on your show in 2016. Every time the guy opens his mouth, he creates a media buy. Every time he puts something on TRUTH Social, people tune in. The guy does have sort of an array of talents that mere mortals don't on the sort of publicity side.So, again, he doesn't need it as much as Biden. And he will be out and about. And Biden won't be. So put that together, that's what I'm hearing from the GOP faithful -- Neil, back to you.CAVUTO: A lot of folks are focusing on Miriam Adelson, of course, Adelson's.GASPARINO: Right.CAVUTO: She and her husband gave a close to $100 million to the Trump campaign the last go-round. She has held off for the time being. Do we know why?GASPARINO: Well, she supported Haley and DeSantis. And my guess is that she -- we once interviewed Sheldon.Since he's passed, I guess I can talk about this. Actually, my -- one of my old producers interviewed Sheldon. And we did a story on it for FOX Business that quoted him on background and things of that nature, where he's always had reservations about Trump, just personal -- personally.He thought he was divisive, overly divisive. He opened his mouth too much. Too much tweeting. I mean, I got to go back and pull the story, but essentially what I said -- and I think Miriam Adelson, Miriam is probably echoing some of those things. Now, he still gave to Trump in 2016 a lot.CAVUTO: That's right.GASPARINO: And -- because he looked at the sort of differences between the two and said, Hillary, Trump, I'm going here. This is better for America.And I did see Sheldon Adelson at the Trump -- at the Trump inaugural, one of the inaugural balls, which I happened to sneak into, and which was --CAVUTO: Listen to you.GASPARINO: Yes, I went under the guise of Jerry Jones, just so you know.CAVUTO: OK.GASPARINO: I can't tell you how that happened.(LAUGHTER)GASPARINO: But what I will tell you is that the Sheldon was always a little skeptical of Donald from the -- from the sort of personal behavioral standpoint.And I think - so --CAVUTO: But he gave. His wife might give now. We will see, right?GASPARINO: I think they're all open to it.CAVUTO: OK.GASPARINO: I just think they look at what's going on in Washington now, they look at the Biden administration just from economic policies, and I think they're going to say, do we really want four more years of this?CAVUTO: All right.GASPARINO: And I -- these are all businesspeople.CAVUTO: Sure.So, if Donald Trump did get money from her, he'd be over the moon about it, I guess, right?GASPARINO: Yes, he will be.(CROSSTALK)GASPARINO: But I will bet you he's -- you know him. You and I have been covering him forever.CAVUTO: Sure.GASPARINO: He's one of the most persuasive and charming people when he wants to be. And I guarantee he's turning on that charm right now.CAVUTO: Yes. As business acumen goes, few eclipse him.GASPARINO: Absolutely.CAVUTO: So, I'm done with the analogies.(CROSSTALK)(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Thank you, Charlie. You are the sun, the moon and the stars to this broadcast.I'm done, folks, almost because Brandy Campbell in Rochester, New York, which she also got to see this whole totality thing up close. She was near some great food, too, but, of course, she doesn't eat the same kind of food that I do. She actually looks after her weight and all of that stuff.Anyway, Brandy, how did it go there today?BRANDY CAMPBELL, FOX WEATHER MULTIMEDIA JOURNALIST: Oh, Neil, while many people or cities along that path of totality had a great show, here in Rochester, we didn't quite need our glasses, as clouds stole the show, but we still got quite the spectacle.I will have more about that after the break.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Rochester, New York, was one of those cities of totality where you're supposed to see the entire thing, the entire eclipse. Mother Nature didn't entirely cooperate. It might have happened that way in Dallas, not necessarily Rochester, New York.Brandy Campbell there with the latestBrandy, what happened?CAMPBELL: Well, Neil, yes, I guess it's what didn't happen.So, here in Rochester, we had clouds really threatening our view all morning. And really, as we got later into the afternoon, the clouds just really came in thicker and thicker. We had low-level clouds, which is what our meteorologist said we did not want to see.And as you can tell by looking behind me, we still have it. So 3:20 p.m., when totality hit, the sun was still not to be found, but people, they did the countdown from 10 and the crowd went wow. The sky went completely dark.Neil, it almost seemed as though it was nighttime here. That's how dark it got. Our FOX Forecast Center, they told me, if it is a cloudy total eclipse, you will get a darker experience. So we did feel that. I also had my emanometer ready, because we knew you could also feel that temperature drop as the moon covers the sun.And, actually, I could see in just seconds, the numbers were going down. I was counting 71, 70, 69. It went down to 65 degrees. I saw about a 10- degree drop. And, again, that was just in minutes. So we did get that experience.But I met people from all over, a lot of people from around New York City, that area just driving five hours, but even further. So, of course, they wanted to see the full show, but they did get an experience with thousands of people. I was told there was over 6,000 people here.This is actually the Rochester Museum for Science. So they threw on a show. They had live music, entertainment, an astronaut here to talk to the crowd, so still a time to be had, but maybe some folks disappointed by not getting to see that corona of the sun, like some of our other cities did, Indianapolis, Dallas.CAVUTO: Yes.CAMPBELL: I mean, I watched it from our FOX Weather app. And I got goose bumps. So I couldn't imagine what it was like in person -- Neil.CAVUTO: Brandy, the consolation prize is, Rochester, New York, has great food. My dad grew up there, visited there many times.CAMPBELL: Mm-hmm.CAVUTO: So, maybe before you go, you can stop by Nick Tahou's. They have something called a Garbage Plate.It's --CAMPBELL: Oh, you know --CAVUTO: You have heard about it, right?(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Now, come on, that's well worth it. Eclipse, who cares?CAMPBELL: I was told by several people they're closed. They're closed.CAVUTO: What? Are you --CAMPBELL: And they open up for a couple of hours. Yes.CAVUTO: Oh, for God's sake. All right, well..CAMPBELL: But I will just have to come back.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: All right. All right, well, you have the LDR Pit. You have Schaller's. You have so much more.CAMPBELL: Yes.CAVUTO: But, man, you are in the capital in the New York region of some great, great food.CAMPBELL: Yes.CAVUTO: You have to talk to your doctor about whether it's wise to eat it, but I'm serious. It's great food.CAMPBELL: Yes.(LAUGHTER)CAMPBELL: I know.CAVUTO: That should be your consolation prize.Brandy, thank you very much, Brandy Campbell.All right, we have a lot more coming up, including Jonathan Hunt. Don't know if he's ever been Nick Tahou's or tried the Garbage Plate. I do know he's in Indianapolis and been talking to folks who witnessed something that maybe was bigger than food, if ever.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, that was Jonathan Hunt in the dark.Now, we had not told Jonathan when we assigned him to go to Indianapolis that it was for an eclipse and, well, in the middle of that, everything would get dark. Actually, he did know that. And he covered it very, very well, talked to some great people out there.I guess the lights were out there for a good 3.5 to four minutes, obviously everything OK right now, but how did they all go down, Jonathan?HUNT: It was incredible, Neil, I think for a lot of people here.And there were about 50,000 or so gathered here at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. It was a physical experience watching the total eclipse. It was an emotional experience and for some people I think even a spiritual one.And you know what touched me most of all, Neil, was talking to a lot of the kids who were here. You know, the families -- families come to events. They bring the kids, along whether they're preteens or teenagers, and often you're dragging them. I know this from experience. And they're bored and they're complaining.Well, every single kid we talked to after this was saying, oh, my goodness that was amazing. And it truly was, Neil.When we saw the moon starting to creep across the face of the sun here in Indianapolis, there were gasps of awe just then. And then, as it completed that cross -- across the surface of the sun and we plunged into complete darkness here, the totality, as they called it, the gasps, the cheering, people were hugging each other.It really was, I have to say, Neil, quite an emotional experience and a good reminder to every one of us that we may be divided within families, we may be divided within this country along political lines so often, there may be conflicts raging around the globe, but the universe is bigger than every one of us, bigger than all of those problems.A great reminder that, if you're arguing with your spouse or significant other tonight, forget about it. Give them a hug instead. The world will be a much better place after today for those who witnessed it, at least, I think, Neil.CAVUTO: That's beautiful.Jonathan, you obviously didn't run into any of my Italian relatives there, because it was short-lived for them, and then they were right back to everything.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: But it is true. It kind of united the world. We weren't arguing about anything. Politics never came up.HUNT: Yes.CAVUTO: You want to see these things last, but they don't.HUNT: No, they probably don't, Neil.And I'm sure, tomorrow, everywhere, we will be back to discussing the same things that we have been discussing for so long here in this country and around the world. But at least it can serve as a reminder. We can look back at the pictures of this.We can look back at the video and think what an amazing thing, a cosmic coincidence, as NASA officials put it. It really was a beautiful thing and should remind us of all that we are just a very, very small part of an incredible universe.By the way, Neil, I heard you talking earlier to Brandy up in Rochester --CAVUTO: Yes, indeed.HUNT: -- I think she was, where they didn't get to see it so well.You were talking about all the great food up there. I will go to Rochester any time you want, Neil Cavuto, and I will eat all the bad for you -- all the food that is bad for us. We can give our own doctors a heart attack by eating the food that they tell us not to.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Oh, no, we're going together, young man. I'm not letting you have all the fun.Jonathan, great job tonight.And we really appreciate him, that perspective, only from Jonathan, but all our folks. This was a very special day, one of those days where we stop and think, this is all right.Here's "The Five."