LARRY HOGAN, FORMER MARYLAND GOVERNOR: If it's not close, she's going to have to think long and hard before going down to South Carolina.But otherwise, I think she might hang in there as long as she can.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We'll watch closely. Larry Hogan, former Maryland Governor, good seeing you. Here comes THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody, I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld. 5:00 in New York City and New Hampshire and this is THE FIVE.It is all on the line tonight. We're just two hours away from the first polls closing in the New Hampshire primary. And like the state motto says, it's live-free or die time for the candidates in their campaigns.Nikki Haley trying to defy political gravity and knock the king off his throne. But Donald Trump looking to put the final nail in the coffin for Nikki's campaign. The former president making a surprise stop at a polling location in New Hampshire, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, Haley says that she's staying in through Super Tuesday.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I don't care.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is she a threat to you?TRUMP: No, and I don't care if she says it. Let her do whatever she wants. It doesn't matter.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Nikki Haley wanted it to be a two-person race, right? I mean, she got that. You think it's going to go in her favor at all?TRUMP: I think it hurts her actually. I think it's going to hurt her. Probably have a big loss today. But who knows?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Once it's done and they drop out and they get behind you, do you forgive those people or are you kind of still mad?TRUMP: I do. I'm a very forgiving person.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: He's right. He is a very forgiving person. Last night, he even assembled his own Avengers-style team of former rivals to take down Nikki Haley.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: If you want to seal the border, vote Trump. If you want to restore law and order in this country, vote Trump. If you want to defeat the deep state, vote Trump.DOUG BURGUM, FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: There's one candidate in this race that understands how to make our nation more secure, our nation more prosperous.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): If you want four more years of Donald Trump, let me hear you scream.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But Nikki says she isn't going anywhere. Reporters getting their hands on one of her campaign memos. And it claims she's planning to be in the race well beyond New Hampshire to Super Tuesday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm not going anywhere. The political elites are saying we all need to coalesce around him. This is not a coronation. This is a democracy.And so, you know, we are going to have, you know, a strong showing today here in New Hampshire. We're headed to South Carolina. We're going to go through the tape in South Carolina and then we're on to Super Tuesday.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Judge Jeanine Pirro, is that a powerful image when you have the former president there along with all of these other Republicans that have bowed out and endorsed him? What kind of message does that send?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: I think it sends a very strong message. I think it sends a unified message. And I think it shows that Donald Trump is that person who was looking to make sure that he gets along and presents that unified front, you know?DeSantis immediately came out and said, I'm throwing my support to Donald Trump. He's not there. But at the same time, again, Donald Trump -- former President Trump, as you call him, who was very complimentary of DeSantis and his wife Casey, I mentioned that yesterday.Look, this is the first state primary. This is very important. What's significant and different about this primary is that 40 percent of the state's voters are independents, which means that they can vote in either Democrat or Republican primary.I personally don't think there's any reason to want to vote in the Democrat primary since the DNC has already said New Hampshire isn't following what we told them to do. So, we're not going to count them anyway. And Joe Biden is writing candidate.I see Nikki Haley benefiting from that scenario where people say, OK, you know, as a Democrat, Independent -- as an independent, who's leaning Democrat, I'll vote for Nikki, that bodes well for Nikki.But I think in the end, that Nikki is going to have to understand that even though Trump says, you know, I don't care if she stays in, she doesn't. It's really a function of money. It's a function of whether or not people are going to continue to support her if she doesn't have the big bucks.And the shame of it is that she didn't have the big bucks from the beginning. The money waited a while before it came to her.And in the end, she loses in Iowa, she's going to lose in New Hampshire. The next race is South Carolina, which she uh, Donald Trump apparently is beating her by 30 points, I believe.I mean, how can you lose in your own home state?So, it's going to be a problem. She can say I'm in it for the long haul and all that happy stuff. And she can say fellas in a condescending way, you know, never really saying I'm a woman candidate. But you know, these fellas, whatever it is, her play to women may work it may not.But the numbers are not in her favor. Donald Trump is overwhelmingly the person that Republicans want.In fact, the Republican Party is now the Donald Trump party.WATTERS: Dana, Nikki Haley, she said she wants this to be a one-on-one, a lot of Republicans voiced it, if I could just get it to be one-on-one against Donald Trump, that's my shot. How do you think she's done so far?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I think that she is running basically against an incumbent and somebody who never really left the Republican consciousness since 2020 when Joe Biden was inaugurated.And there's power in that. And of course, yes, absolutely, when you have all of your former rivals joining you at the podium and screaming and chanting and having all of that energy in the room.Plus, if you look at the clip that you showed at the beginning, Jesse, where you had all the media, Mr. President, Mr. President, that, Joe Biden doesn't even get that kind of attention. And you can already see what is happening there.However, you know, last summer, there were people who were on the Republican side telling Nikki Haley that she should get out because her poll numbers were so low, that she should get out and make way for Tim Scott, because he was the person that they thought had a better chance.And she has had some pretty incredible achievements actually, if you think of where she started at two percent in February and making her way here.However, that said, we all know what the polling shows President Trump way far ahead. What I've noticed today already is that the media has turned the page, the media is now talking about the general election, and now all of a sudden, you see, oh, my gosh, Biden, look at his numbers in Pennsylvania against Trump, there's so much stronger.So, we're going to be in for the longest general election in the history of the country. Are you ready by fellow Fivers (PH)? I'm sure.WATTERS: Harold Ford Jr., you say you're a recovering politician. What's it like in this situation where you're kind of counting how much you have in the war chests, you're calling donors, you're looking at the polls? I mean, these are tough decisions.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Good to be back. I think she is probably like everybody on Election Day. If you're serious, and you love politics, this is Christmas day in so many ways. Because it's a combination, it's a zenith, it's the moment when all the work is going to come to fruition. And you're going to see what happens.For Governor Haley, a couple of things have to happen this evening. It has to be a big turnout. She has to do well.Number two, in the southeastern part of the state, which is where you guys are in Manchester, and Nashua, and even up hill, north of you in Concord, if she comes out of that area. And she's got to be ahead of him in those areas.If you look back in the data from 2016, how then-candidate Trump performed during that -- during that moment, he won those areas, but he didn't win with a majority of the vote. He won with 30 to 36 percent. So, she's got to do well there because he's really going to probably generate bigger returns or to take bigger margins and other parts of the state but the majority of the population is right there.Three, one of the things that is interesting to me and will be curious to me this evening are the speeches they give.Dana and I were together and I were just a little over a week ago seems like it was a month ago. And we listened to the victory speeches that evening. Governor Haley that night said that she was now in a two-person race. Ron DeSantis thanked not a volunteer, not a supporter, and gave us a history lesson. I kind of enjoyed it but I don't know how well it went over with people.And President Trump -- former President Trump thanked everyone and called everyone flattering names and talked about the need to unify the party.If she loses badly tonight, it'll be curious to see if she continues to attack President Trump in a poignant way she has in these past few days. And if he wins big, if he is magnanimous as he was back in Iowa, or if this thing is tight, and he wins narrowly. I'll be very interested to hear how he talks about her. And again, how she talks about him.On Election Day, anything can happen, Jesse, and we will see what this turnout is this evening. My eyes will be glued to Fox that I'm sure all of ours will be as the evening goes on.WATTERS: Greg, New Hampshire misses you. Apparently you were here in 2016. So, everybody wants to say hello. Do you miss New Hampshire?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, you could say I put the man in Manchester.You know, I was thinking, you know, for you, Jesse, you should actually test out the New Hampshire motto. Live Free or Die. Just go to like a dive bar or a firing range or hell, like the police station and just live free and see what happens. I think it'd be a great segment.WATTERS: OK. We'll call the cameras. Thank you, Greg.GUTFELD: OK. You know, whenever I've watching the campaigns, I have to remind myself that it's always like a design problem. It's not a people problem. Politics and the media combined, they bring out the worst in people because that has the biggest impact.So, you see this political exercise where people are amplifying insults, which is natural. That's what happens in the campaign. But you also amplify stories.And I find that like, when I'm listening to Nikki Haley, I think she goes from being like a, a capable leader to a pandering phony, and it kind of bums me out. You know, it's like -- but it's not just her, you can see this, like, Governor Sununu calls Trump a coward, you have DeSantis supporters railing against Trump, even though everybody pretty much agrees on everything except the candidate.And like I said, Nikki, she's a -- she's a competent leaderly governor. But as a -- as a -- as a candidate, I feel that she -- when she puts the gender and race stuff forward, I feel as though it's dictated by the design of this and that she turns herself into a product.Like, the story about the beauty pageant story, which, you know, she said at 5 years old, she was, you know, rejected from a beauty pageant, because she wasn't white or black. It's like, these are stories that are -- you know, are dramatic, but it's like, all right, who -- is it -- I don't know. I mean, it's a strange, I don't know.So, anyway, I want to pull back and think about the general election. Can I?FORD JR.: Absolutely.GUTFELD: All right. OK. So, I was talking to a friend of mine who knows nothing about politics, and everything about sports. And he was asking me about New Hampshire, why should -- why should care. And I told him that politics is sports, with consequences, right?So, in politics, you can lose to a team by the tiniest margins. And that team for four years can tell you what to do. And that's why it matters. It matters to me.So, if you look at what's going on right now with crime and immigration and taxes and education, you're essentially controlled by a team that barely beat you.And so, you have half a country being dictated by another half, because -- or at least by the executive branch, and they have the refs, who are on the side of their team. So, that's why these things are important.WATTERS: Yes, it's like being ruled by Patrick Mahomes in Kansas City and the referees, it'd be four years of absolute catastrophe.PERINO: Let's be honest, they're going to be ruled by Taylor Swift.WATTERS: That's probably true. All right, Greg. Well, again, New Hampshire misses you.GUTFELD: I missed them. All. 1.4 million of them.WATTERS: Oh, you studied?GUTFELD: Yes, I did.WATTERS: Coming up, what happens when Perino and "PRIMETIME" take over New Hampshire?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Jesse, good morning. Hello, New Hampshire primary day. Oh, hi, Jesse.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Find out why Dana and yours truly are getting pampered for the primary.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: So, we're counting down to the first polls closing in New Hampshire tonight, we'll find out the results of the nation's first state primary election. We've all been putting in a ton of work preparing for the big event and after Harold so generously helped me back at the debate back in September, if you remember that, I thought I could return the favor for Jesse and obviously was so much to do. Our day together started at 5:00 a.m.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Hi, everyone, I'm so excited. We're in New Hampshire, the day of the primary and Jesse Watters came and so I can help him get ready.Jesse, good morning. Hello, New Hampshire primary day. Oh, hi, Jesse.I've read these papers and I marked some of the places for you.WATTERS: Oh, I was out late with Hemmer last night. I got to get some more sleep.PERINO: Why don't you take a look at these? Maybe take two more of these cards just to look at and then we'll be right outside and I'll meet you there. So, a couple of books just to help you prepare.WATTERS: Goodbye.PERINO: OK, see you soon. Go back to sleep, OK? Can't wait. Do you want me to get you a coffee? I can get you some coffee.Oh, great. You're ready. OK, excellent. We just have a few things.WATTERS: Dana, it's been 15 minutes. How many books have you read?PERINO: Just like five but I mean, it's just -- it's not a lot.WATTERS: Are you always this chipper in the morning?PERINO: Yes, but I'm working on it.WATTERS: OK, does this place have a gym? I got to go do some cardio.PERINO: It does. It does. You want to go together and we can study while we work out?Yes, sir. Come on. Let's do that.WATTERS: Fine.PERINO: OK, great. Let's go. OK.All right. We have a lot of material to study. I made it easier for you with some note cards.WATTERS: Dana, do you really expect me to memorize all these notes?PERINO: Not really. I mean, it's really not that many. And I just have a few more here. So, I alphabetize all of the counties in New Hampshire by population. So you can get started on memorizing that. I had just took the opportunity to write down the breakdown of New Hampshire primary results since 1920. Read those, memorize them, Karl Rove is not always going to be there for you.And also, I surveyed 500 New Hampshire residents, and I have notes on what they think.WATTERS: Dana, Dana, I don't want to know too much. I want to feel.PERINO: I hear you, I hear you. But I -- just take these, just a few more just to get your -- make sure you're all set before "PRIMETIME".WATTERS: We got to go over the rundown for "PRIMETIME" by the way.PERINO: I'm so glad you said that, I have a hundred ideas. "PRIMETIME" New Hampshire. So exciting. OK, this is interesting.WATTERS: You'd make changes to the rundown?PERINO: I don't think that you can say that Michelle Obama is going to replace Joe Biden on the ticket.WATTERS: Dana, it's an option.PERINO: I don't really think it's real, though. I think it's a fantasy.WATTERS: Do you see the Cindy Adams op-ed?PERINO: I did see this. But I think what you get another opinion. I'm just looking out for you.Tell you what, let me call your mom and see what she thinks.WATTERS: Do we have to?PERINO: Yes, let's call her. I love mom.WATTERS: Hey, Mom. Yes, yes, it's Dana.PERINO: Hi, Mrs. Watters.WATTERS: She wants to talk to you.PERINO: Hi. So, I'm just going through Jesse's run down here in New Hampshire, because he wants to say that Michelle Obama was running for president and obviously that's not happening. So, I just want to protect him. What do you think?ANNE WATERS, MOTHER OF JESSE WATTERS: I'd listened to Dana, Honeybun.PERINO: Right?WATTERS: All right, bye mom.PERINO: Bye.WATTERS: I have a better idea.PERINO: OK.WATTERS: Follow me.PERINO: Where are we going?WATTERS: Now, this is what I'm talking about.PERINO: I don't know. Do you think we really have time for this?WATTERS: Dana, the key to preparation is relaxation.PERINO: I don't know. I have this folder, if I could just here maybe by osmosis get some more preparation and record tonight.WATTERS: Dana, just hold my hand and breathe.PERINO: Wait. Maybe you're right. Maybe we do need to relax.WATTERS: Dana, I'm always right.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And there you have it. Jesse's always right, Judge, we ended at the spa.PIRRO: Well, I got to tell you, it looks like you had a very busy day preparing. How much work did you do today?PERINO: We got a lot done.WATTERS: Yes, got a lot done.PIRRO: You always do.WATTERS: I got a lot done.PIRRO: Jesse, have you learned that you have to listen to Dana?WATTERS: Not really. I think preparation is different depending on who you are. For instance, I took an Uber back from a walk and the guy was a fan and told me about stoicism. And I learned more in that Uber ride back from my walk than I probably would reading the Wall Street Journal coverage cover.PIRRO: Yes, I'll bet you could do that anywhere, Jesse.PERINO: I wish you'd been here because I would have woken you up and we would have had -- be with us right there on the elliptical.PIRRO: Yes. In a minute.PERINO: Greg, do you like are acting?GUTFELD: Fantastic. I made a couple of points that I want to address a bigger story. Dana, on the elliptical, you look like a toddler trying to cross-country ski.PERINO: I didn't realize how short I would look.GUTFELD: The best line of the whole thing was, Jesse citing the Cindy Adams op-ed. Kind of like a lot of people missed. But that just was -- that might be one of the all-time great lines. Did you read the Cindy Adams op-ed?It's amazing. But while you're doing this cute segment, you're missing out on the real story. If you notice the Dean Phillips is putting all of his money into New Hampshire just as Ron DeSantis is pulling out of New Hampshire. Is this a coincidence? Have you ever seen them together? Look at them.PERINO: Doppelganger.GUTFELD: Watch your mouth, Dana.PERINO: Harold, how do you think we did?FORD JR.: I thought you guys were frankly outstanding. I was just glad you did not trip like I tripped when I was trying to take your bag into the -- into debate hall there, the Reagan center.And I was surprised, I thought Jesse was a 4:00 a.m. riser. So, 5:00 a.m. look like you were just awakened brother, what was going on?WATTERS: Well, it's called acting, Harold, something you know nothing about.FORD JR.: Thank you. Write that down too. Two days in a row now you're on a roll.WATTERS: That's all right.PERINO: And of course, we appreciate the participation of Jesse's mom as always.All right, coming up, New Hampshire results aren't even in yet but liberal media heavyweights like Rachel Maddow, they are already accusing Trump voters of wanting a dictator.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Let the liberal meltdowns begin. The polls in New Hampshire are still open for a few more hours. But that's not stopping the usual suspects from thinking the worst of Trump supporters who just want a more prosperous economy. The new attack line is that they want a dictator.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: I think that we're naive to think that he's tricking people into picking him and then surprise, he's going to act like a dictator. What he's offering is strongman leadership, the end of politics, the end of elections, that's what he's selling, and that's what they're very eager to buy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you're that voter who thinks that the system is working against you, that Washington has ignored you and Wall Street has swindled you and Hollywood is laughing at you. You want chaos, you want something to sort of shake up the whole system. That was always from 2015 on that was the Donald Trump appeal.CHRIS MATTHEWS, COMMENTATOR: Trump is just lying all the time. And the people that believe a liar all the time are crazy.And I can't even understand, I do not understand why 77 million people out there accept a lying -- constantly lying person.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And not to be outdone far left squad leader Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is also bashing Trump supporters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): Donald Trump is what you actually get when you want a politician to embody all of your -- like, your hopes and dreams and like caricatures of yourself.And Donald Trump affirms insecure man's idea of masculinity, they affirm insecure people's idea of wealth --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Internalize misogyny.OCASIO-CORTEZ: Yes, insecure white folk's idea of race.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Greg, I got one to start with you because this infuriates me. They actually think that we want chaos as if we don't know they're the ones causing the chaos. Talk to me.GUTFELD: Well, this is -- again, this is a design problem of the industry. You can't get ratings if you operate on the best intentions of other people. So instead of honestly asking why maybe 80 million people, 75-80 million people might want something that you don't want, they will call them dumb, racist, misogynistic, deplorable because those people don't see what you see. I don't like Taylor Swift, but I can see why a billion people embrace her music.And when AOC happily psycho-analyzes groups of people, then it's an invitation to return the favor, right? If she can do it, she's saying that people who support Trump are projecting their masculine insecurity. But isn't she saying that because of her own insecurities about her boyfriend's masculinity, right? She must realize how soft and buttery and feminine Progressive males are. And it's hard to get horny with a snowflake.So, it's why -- and I think this is why she is so pro-illegal immigration. She's projecting her secret desires for young, viral men who are coming here in droves and she's stuck with Pajama Boy, and it's driving her crazy. All these Trump supporters, men, MMA fighters, drives her nuts.And I want to just say one last comment about Chris Matthews. He's been around a long time, so he has no excuse for having such a monumental blind spot. But surely if he was not on set and you sat him down and contemplated the nature of Trump's popularity, he would get it. But if he got it, then he would never be invited back to those shows.Anybody can explain Trump's popularity, right? He values what most Americans value which is success, meritocracy, putting America first, and then helping others, right? He's also an outsider and he pisses off the right people. It's -- I did that in 10 seconds. If you said that to Chris Matthews, he'd go oh, I get it. But the moment he gets it, he will be thrown out of the system.PIRRO: OK. All right, Jesse, you know, they say that we want fascism and we want democracy to end. I mean, isn't that kind of counterintuitive? And doesn't it kind of indicate what they've done for the last few years?WATTERS: It sure does. It's kind of a corporate media psyop to make us not talk about the issues. Instead of talking about the issues, they create a stigma around the issue, so you don't go anywhere near the issue. Remember, Obamacare, if you didn't like it, you were racist.PIRRO: Right.WATTERS: Want a secure border, you're a bigot. If you don't want women playing sports with guys and vice versa, you're a transphobic. So, no one wants to be in a cult, no one wants to vote for a dictator, be called a bad person, and so it just scares people away from actually debating the issues. And it kind of works. People come up to me just today and say Jesse, I can't -- they whisper, I'm a big fan, I like Trump but in my office, I work for the medical industry, I can't say. This is what's going on in this country now.And for AOC, I know a little something about insecure men. An insecure man avoids confrontation. And he just like lets his enemies build up their power. An insecure man doesn't set boundaries and lets those boundaries be broken. An insecure man is afraid to say no, even to people who he loves and then watches those people descend into chaos.We are being led by insecure men and that's why we have people who are hyphenating their last names. And so, if the country would just get back to normal manhood where people were not afraid of offending everybody and just did the right thing because it was the right thing to do, we'd be in great shape.PIRRO: OK, Harold, I was at an event last night and I was having a very heated conversation with a Democrat who told me that Donald Trump is never going to leave office. He wants to be a dictator forever. This is a smart guy. And I said to him, well, then why did he leave last time? You know, and he said well, because he had to. I mean, what is wrong with people?FORD JR.: I can't speak for that guy, but I'll tell you this. I have never found it. When I was in political office and even outside of it, I don't know how it's valuable to be critical of other people's voters. You can be critical of the candidate and perhaps the candidate is fooling them and that voters should listen more closely to them, but I don't think it's useful uh to be critical of voters in any Democrat or Republican.Two, Errol Lewis who we put in -- who was in the set, I think he was saying a little something different. At least I heard him saying something different. He was saying in 2016, people voted for Trump because they wanted -- their lives were chaotic and they didn't mind someone coming in to shake it up. And President Trump did that.I think the question now for voters is we are now eight years later from when he was elected in 2016, is that still what voters want? I would encourage the Biden team -- I think two things have to happen for an incumbent to win. First and foremost, the economy has to be performing and people have to feel like their lives are better and that the economic play in their life is better. If they're -- if they don't feel it's better, even if the numbers suggest it is, you can't tell someone you're safe, you're happy, you're healthy, and you're financially secure if they don't fill those things. So, the President has got to hope that some of those things happen in his favor.Now, if I were in the White House, if I were a campaign team, I would run ads. Roll out a line of ads and talk about the -- and just use the words that President Trump has used. He said he was proud to overturn Roe v. Wade. He said that he would pardon the J6 -- those convicted on January 6. These are things he said. I'm not -- these are not things made up. And just let people understand. And then I would play back things that George H.W. Bush played in the -- in the campaign against Mike Dukakis when Mike Dukakis said things. Campaigns do it all the time.I would make clear that this is what president Trump has said and what he wants to do. And if he does maybe we should ask him these things. But criticizing voters I think is a terrible, terrible thing to do. It's an un- American thing to do.PIRRO: OK, Dana, wrap it up for us.PERINO: So, I think if you think back to last week, what was the most important thing said in this election so far? It wasn't by a politician, it was by Jamie Dimon, the head of JPMorgan who was a center-left Democrat who took the opportunity in Davos to tell the left, wow, what you're doing is wrong. Why are -- why can't you be at least open-minded to what these people who would vote for Republicans and Trump what they are thinking, what they're wanting?He was trying to ask them to be a little bit humble and a little bit gracious and show a little bit of mercy. And also, to maybe look in the mirror and realize that one of the reasons they're so worried is because they think they're going to lose again. It's another reason why I don't think Michelle Obama would get in the race. One, I don't think she's ever going to.WATTERS: Dana.PERINO: I don't think she likes politics.WATTERS: Read the Cindy Adams op-ed, Dana.PERINO: What Cindy Adams says, do you think she wants to risk losing to President Trump? No way. The other thing is what Rachel Maddow said that Trump wants the end of elections. Well, tonight you're going to see results in a ride-in campaign for the Democrats and Biden where the DNC has already said that nobody's vote here is going to count as the Judge said in the A block. So, who's doing the election interference.Like I -- this is what I'm asking for, a little grace, a little bit more mercy for everybody, and to humbly listen to people who you might not agree with. And the last thing I'd point out, this is going to be the longest general election campaign in history. If they use all this hyperbole now, I don't know what they're going to say by next week.PIRRO: Very good point, Dana. All right, ahead, what's the most important issues voters in New Hampshire care about. Our exclusive Fox News voter analysis is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: We're just hours away from the polls closing in New Hampshire and we're just getting our very first insights into what voters there thinking, thanks to our innovative Fox News voter analysis. This is information you will not see anywhere else.Sandra Smith, our great colleague, joins us now to break it down. Sandra?SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hi, Harold! Great to be with you, guys. Thanks for having us. So, we've got these brand new numbers coming in from our Fox News voter analysis election survey. We conduct this with the Associated Press in the NORC at the University of Chicago. And remember, these are early results of what New Hampshire primary voters are telling us. So, we're going to dig in to some of the top findings you'll only see it right here and first.First up, we ask what qualities are Republicans in that state looking for in their nominee. Almost all, 95 percent of Granite State GOP voters say their nominees' mental capability is very important. Look at that. That is far more than they say about other traits, like being a strong leader, and having the best policies. It's even more them feel that way about their candidate winning in November.All right, now we're going to take a look at how voters feel about the charges against the former president and candidate Donald Trump. A third see them as legitimate, but two-thirds see them as politically based. Really important information coming out of New Hampshire here.And finally, what we've all been waiting for is to see the top issues for Republicans on the ground in the state of New Hampshire. And look at this. It's a familiar site to Iowa. Remember in Iowa, these numbers matched. Immigration is the top of the list. In Iowa, that number was also 41 percent. The economy second on the list, 10 points below immigration. And in Iowa, that number was 33 percent.So, you are looking at immigration the top issue in New Hampshire and Iowa, much different than we've seen as far as the polling at the national level where the economy has been number one. So, that's a look at some of our first results. We'll have much more for you throughout the night.FORD JR.: Sandra, thank you. Guys -- you guys are up in New Hampshire. Is - - are you -- your last two or three days, the voter analysis, is that consistent, congruent what you guys are hearing and what you're -- what you're seeing?PERINO: Definitely for us on "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM" we've had several voters who have come in and we had voters who were DeSantis people, Haley people, and Trump people. And across the board, it's economy and border. But I think Charles Payne has making a really good point that's worth reiterating here, and that is that the border being broken actually encompasses a lot of different areas, security certainly, the humanitarian aspect of it, the fact that there is no system as Greg reminds us and rightly so, but then the economy also.So, if you are thinking about the border as like basically the catchall, I think it's the canary in the coal mine for the Biden Administration. These numbers show it.FORD JR.: Greg, what are your thoughts on this?GUTFELD: Well, OK, first of all, I'm always -- I'm curious of were these options presented to these voters because I think mentally fit would be a given.FORD JR.: So, you're on -- you're on the one about whether or not --GUTFELD: Well, I was going to go to both. Yes, yes, yes. It's like I would think that -- you know, in the old days, would you even have mentally fit on there, because you wouldn't -- the voter just assumes the person has all his marbles, and so you want to -- I mean, some of these options like strong leader, I guess what they are, is the options give you the result, right? It's like mentally fit, strong leader, duh.So, anyway -- and then also under the national priority thing, you know, immigration I often wonder why it's portrayed that way, why -- shouldn't it be illegal immigration? Isn't that what people are concerned about?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: And I think we have this tendency to conflate the two. We -- you know, we are pro -- we're generally pro-immigration. We love the people that come here and do -- they're some of the best people in the world. But -- so, when you posit this as immigration, I always find it to be problematic.FORD JR.: So, it should be border security is probably the better way or at least how we -- how we are managing our border.GUTFELD: I think that's absolutely right, Harold. Thank you.FORD JR.: Your honor?PIRRO: You know, I think it's really fascinating to me that in New Hampshire, immigration is the number one issue because for the longest time, it was about the southern states. And then you know, New York City, I mean, you know, we're stumbling over people, we're seeing the -- what's happening as a result of what's going on in the hotels, on the streets, but New Hampshire -- and it tells me that the issue of immigration will not bode well for the Biden Administration nor should it given the fact that they never enforced the law that says that immigration in order to come to this country, you have to go -- you have to pass certain muster and do it legally.I think today, Greg, when people talk about immigration, I think colloquially we've kind of been led down the path of it's no longer illegal immigration, it's just immigration. So, I think that's a powerful number and even more powerful because it's in New Hampshire.FORD JR.: It's interesting the Supreme Court as we we're talking in a break just came down in favor of the Biden Administration against Texas and what they're doing. Hopefully, we can get some analysis on that. We are, Jesse, I'm sorry. Forgive me. I was wanting -- whatever you want to say about me, I'm ready for it. Yes, sir.WATTERS: I can't say it on the air.FORD JR.: Primetime, what are your thoughts on this? Are you hearing things that Dana is hearing up there as well?WATTERS: No, just go to tease, Harold. It's fine. It's fine.PERINO: Yes he's heard that from the guy who told him about stoicism.WATTERS: That's right.FORD JR.: Up next, a new book claims President Biden regrets tapping Kamala Harris as his vice president.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: A new tell-all book spilling the diets on a feud between Kamala Harris and Dr. Jill Biden, MD. It claims the President's first choice for his running mate was Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer. Jill thought Kam was not up to the job of Commander-in-Chief. The First Lady was also against Harris and favored Susan Rice. The good doctor couldn't stand the V.P. due to her "refusal to be a team player." But in the end, it was Barack Obama who foisted Kamala on Joe.Jesse, it seems like -- it seems like the book underscores what we already knew. Like you, she's unpopular and incompetent.WATTERS: That was your takeaway.GUTFELD: Yes.FORD JR.: Great.WATTERS: It looks like to me that Obama has now chosen the two worst vice presidents of all time, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. But think about, Greg, how personal a decision that is, your vice presidential choice. I mean, this is about as personal and impactful as you can get, and Biden just like had someone else make the pick for him? We're not talking about two young guys like Bill Clinton and Al Gore.Remember, Biden came in and said he was going to be a one- termer and pass the torch. I mean, this is a huge pick and he's like I'm just going to let Obama do it. And so now it looks like by tapping Kamala as V.P., that forces Joe to run for reelection which guarantees a Trump victory. So, when you think about it, when Obama tapped Hillary in 2016, it gave us Trump. And when he tapped Kamala in 2020, it's going to give us Trump again. So, thank you, Barack.GUTFELD: Judge, I mean, she may have more books written about her than Joe Biden.PIRRO: Well, she has earn eared every one of those books, I must tell you. You know, the amazing thing is that, you know, why would Barack Obama push her? I mean, when you've got someone like Susan Rice, or you have someone like Gretch Whitmer -- I mean, I don't agree with her politics, but she is articulate, she looks good, she's not laughing like there's something wrong with her every time she shows up somewhere. I mean, what is that all about?So, that's my opinion. They said quick in my ear so I'm done.GUTFELD: All right, you know, Harold, back in high school I had a friend who taped a frozen fish under the driver-side seat of my car until days later it started stinking up the car. Is that what Obama did by pushing Kamala onto Joe Biden?PIRRO: Bad analogy.FORD JR.: It smells bad. It smells bad. Look, there's always some tension between these presidents and vice presidents. I mean, Trump and Pence there were, there was Clinton and Gore, there was rumored to be by W and Cheney had a little bit of it, they said. Look, this is -- this is what happens. And winning solves everything. As the late great Al Davis, the former owner of the of the Raiders said, just win, baby. And if she's able to help the team win in '24, all this will --all this will go by.PIRRO: You really believe she's going to help the team win, Harold.FORD JR.: Well, she -- if they don't win, they'll say that she -- that she hurt it.GUTFELD: Dana, you know, another example of, you know, you should have listened to your spouse, you know.PERINO: Absolutely. I always listen to Peter. If Whitner had been the vice president, Joe Biden would not be running for a re-election. The other thing is there's some breaking news on the campaign front. The Biden Administration wants to probably get rid of this book and also get rid of the bad news cycle that they've been in. They are sending Jennifer O'Malley Dillon from the White House back to the campaign. So, she'll be heading up the campaign in Wilmington. That tells me they're taking the criticism more seriously than ever.GUTFELD: Wow. You heard it here first from Dana Breaking News Perino. All right, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Judge Pirro.PIRRO: All right, check out this video of a woman's vigorously scraping the car off her windshield -- the ice off the car, off her windshield. Ben from Trenton, New Jersey secretly filmed it. She got a real workout. But programming, watch "FOX AND FRIENDS" tomorrow morning starting at 6:00 a.m. Will Cain interviews Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. They'll talk about the UFC, WWE, Trump and the possibility of Rock running for president. I don't think so, but what do I know? And much more. Don't miss it.WATTERS: Dana, you got 10 seconds.PERINO: Watch before we go tomorrow because I have something funny about Johnny and the marching band.WATTERS: All right, that's it for us. Have a great night, everybody.GUTFELD: That's a tease.