Link to ImageThe American First Policy Institute (AFPI) is demanding that key battleground states enforce their constitutional duty to ensure that non-American citizens do not vote in the upcoming 2024 election, the Daily Caller learned first.AFPI addressed nine letters to the chief elections officers of Virginia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, New York, Nevada, Michigan, Illinois, California and Arizona, where the organization says there are the most amount of illegal aliens, the Daily Caller learned. The letters, obtained by the Daily Caller, demand that each state, under the National Voter Registration Act, ensure that only eligible citizens are registered to vote.“This issue should be straightforward - the federal government should be doing everything in its power to ensure that only US citizens vote in federal elections. This is their constitutional duty. Yet, the actions of the Biden Administration paint a different story,” Chad Wolf, former Acting Homeland Security Secretary and Executive Director of the America First Policy Institute, said in a press release obtained by the Daily Caller. “The American people deserve to know that states will take all necessary steps to ensure only American citizens exercise our sacred right to vote.”The letters call on each state's leader of elections, whether the secretary of state or executive director, to oversee how the state complies with the National Voter Registration Act.“Due to the failure of the Biden Administration to secure the border, it is now incumbent on officials like you to ensure that the 2024 election is not compromised by illegal aliens casting votes. Since 2021 no less than 11 million illegal aliens have entered the country. This is a population greater than that of eleven states and the District of Columbia combined, which together account for 41 electoral votes in a presidential election,” the letter to Arizona Secretary of State Adrian Fontes reads.Fontes responded to the letter in a statement to the Daily Caller, pledging to commit the “ensuring the integrity” of the 2024 election.“The Office of the Secretary of State is committed to ensuring the integrity of our electoral system by upholding all applicable federal and state laws regarding voter registration and eligibility,” the Arizona Secretary of State office told the Daily Caller in a statement.“Under the National Voter Registration Act, we maintain accurate and updated voter rolls, ensuring that only eligible citizens are registered to vote. Suggestions and concerns from any orgs are reviewed in accordance to these legal standards,” the statement continued.Link to ImagePresident Joe Biden delivers remarks about immigration and border security at the Brownsville Station on February 29, 2024 in Olmito, Texas. The President visited the border near Brownsville on the same day as a dueling trip made by former President Donald Trump to neighboring Eagle Pass, Texas. (Photo by Cheney Orr/Getty Images)Ahead of the 2024 election, Republicans are focusing their efforts on election integrity initiatives. House Speaker Mike Johnson met with former President Donald Trump on April 12 to discuss the topic. Following his meeting with Trump, Johnson announced election integrity legislation to make individuals prove that they are American citizens before voting in a federal election.Election integrity has been a hot-button issue for Republican voters and has been a topic of conversation since the 2020 election. A previous Daily Caller analysis, with about eight months until the 2024 election, showed that several key battleground states, including those that helped Biden in the 2020 election, are still expected to use many of the election procedures in 2024 that caused controversy in the last presidential election.  (RELATED: 'They Are Miles Ahead': Despite 'Election Integrity' Hype, GOP Could Be Walking Into 2024 Legal Buzzsaw)“There are already a number of municipalities and a dozen states which could allow non-citizens to vote in state/local elections,” Hogan Gidley, Vice-Chair of AFPI's Center for Election Integrity, said in a press release obtained by the Daily Caller. “Our mission is simple, make it easy to vote and hard to cheat. Illegal voting by non-citizens would be cheating. So, what are these states' plans to stop it?”
Graphic Seen from an aerial view, Texas National Guard troops stop immigrants trying to pass through razor wire after crossing the border into El Paso, Texas from El Paso, Texas. Those who managed to get through the wire were then allowed to proceed for further processing by U.S. Border Patrol agents. (Photo by John Moore/Getty Images)