Link to ImageA video shared on Xclaims to show an Iranian drone in an Iraqi power line. Iran sent a drone to Israel and it got stuck in electical power lines in Iraq.  pic.twitter.com/CQmge1SSaA - Incognito (@Incognito_qfs) April 14, 2024Verdict: FalseThe video is from February 2024 and is likely from Syria. It is not related to the Iranian attack on Israel.Fact Check:Iran attacked Israel with over 300 missiles and drones, with Israel and other nations, such as the U.S., intercepting the vast majority of them, according to CNN.Social media users are sharing a video of a downed drone in a power line, claiming it shows an Iranian drone in Iraq. One user wrote, “Iran sent a drone to Israel and it got stuck in electical power lines in Iraq.”This claim is false. Through a reverse image search, Check Your Fact found that the video is from February 2024. It was shared to X by a Syrian news outlet.#ديرالزور سقوط طائرة مُسيّرة مجهولة التبعية في قرية #قمر_الدين التابعة لبلدة #أبوخشب شمال غرب ديرالزور#الشرقية24 #سوريا pic.twitter.com/ivue2uO4x0 - شبكة الشرقية 24 (@alsharqia24news) February 20, 2024The claim was also debunked by BBC Monitoring reporter Ghoncheh Habibiazad in an April 14 tweet. (RELATED: Viral X Image Showing Iranian Trucks Is Not Recent) This video claims to show a drone launched by Iran yesterday towards Israel stuck in overhead power lines in Iraq. The video is from February, and shows a drone crash in Deir al-Zour, Syria. pic.twitter.com/pMunSBFdCA - Ghoncheh Habibiazad | غنچه (@GhonchehAzad) April 14, 2024“This video claims to show a drone launched by Iran yesterday towards Israel stuck in overhead power lines in Iraq. The video is from February, and shows a drone crash in Deir al-Zour, Syria,” Habibiazad tweeted.
Graphic The "Arash" drone is displayed during Iran's defence industry achievements exhibition, on August 23, 2023 in Tehran. Iran unveiled on August 22 its latest domestically built drone that can fly at a higher altitude and for a longer duration with enhanced weapons capabilities, state media reported.