Link to ImageA video shared on X claims to show Yemeni missiles being launched at Israel. After the launch of suicide drones by #Iranians towards #israel, Yemen has also launched missiles at Israel. Tel Aviv is on high alert and Iron Dome is ready. World War III or not, but this will definitely have an impact on oil prices in the world. Difficult days ahead for us! pic.twitter.com/7ciSZNYVbW - Addyy (@izhan_tabish) April 14, 2024Verdict: FalseThe video is from 2015. It has nothing to do with the current Iranian-Israeli conflict.Fact Check:Houthi rebels launched drones at Israel during Iran's April 13 attack, according to the Times of Israel. U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM) also said it destroyed one Houthi ballistic missile and seven drones on the ground, the Jerusalem Post reported.Social media users are claiming to show missiles being launched from Yemen towards Israel. (RELATED: Viral X Image Showing Iranian Trucks Is Not Recent)“After the launch of suicide drones by #Iranians towards #israel, Yemen has also launched missiles at Israel. Tel Aviv is on high alert and Iron Dome is ready. World War III or not, but this will definitely have an impact on oil prices in the world. Difficult days ahead for us!” one user wrote.This video, though, is not from the current conflict. The video was shared to YouTube in April 2016 with the title, “POWERFUL night salvo from hail.” The title is in Russian, which means it could have been taken in Russia.Furthermore, describing Houthis as Yemen is inaccurate, as the Houthi rebels are not the internationally recognized government of the country.The U.S. has continued to strike Houthi positions in Yemen, including targeting Houthi drones on April 16. April 16 Red Sea Update Between 10:50 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. (Sanaa time) on April 16, U.S. Central Command (USCENTCOM) forces successfully engaged two unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) in Iranian-backed Houthi terrorist-controlled areas in Yemen. There were no injuries or damage... pic.twitter.com/ImF90fhFAp - U.S. Central Command (@CENTCOM) April 16, 2024“Between 10:50 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. (Sanaa time) on April 16, U.S. Central Command (USCENTCOM) forces successfully engaged two unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) in Iranian-backed Houthi terrorist-controlled areas in Yemen,” CENTCOM said in a tweet.
Graphic 231019-N-GF955-1113 RED SEA (Oct. 19, 2023) The Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS Carney (DDG 64) defeats a combination of Houthi missiles and unmanned aerial vehicles in the Red Sea, Oct. 19. Carney is deployed to the U.S. 5th Fleet area of operations to help ensure maritime security and stability in the Middle East region.