Link to ImageNEW YORK - Former President Donald Trump's lawyer sought to cast doubt on arguments at the core of Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg's case just minutes into cross-examining the prosecution's first witness.Defense attorney Emil Bove questioned former National Enquirer publisher David Pecker about the tabloid's business practices, pointing out that purchasing stories to keep them from getting out, as he did for Trump, is not unusual for what has been described as the publication's “checkbook journalism.” The prosecution had previously questioned Pecker on the details of purchasing former playboy model Karen McDougal's story of an alleged affair with Trump, one of three instances they argue demonstrate an illegal “conspiracy” to influence the 2016 election by Pecker, former Trump attorney Michael Cohen and Trump.Bove sought to flip the script and demonstrate the McDougal deal was just “standard” procedure. He highlighted multiple instances where Pecker's magazine suppressed damaging stories for other individuals in the public eye, including for politicians like Rahm Emanuel, current U.S. ambassador to Japan and former Democratic mayor of Chicago, and former Republican California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger. (RELATED: 'Trial By Ambush': Former Federal Prosecutors Say Alvin Bragg's Strategy Is Unlike Anything They've Seen Before) Defense attorney Emil Bove is starting a line of questioning about AMI's business model. Pecker agrees it's “checkbook journalism” - different from ABC. Pecker agrees they sometimes purchase stories to use them as leverage against celebrities. - Katelynn Richardson (@katesrichardson) April 25, 2024He also emphasized that Pecker's relationship with Trump pre-dated the 2016 election. Pecker had been providing Trump a heads up on potentially negative publicity for over a decade, Bove noted, and Pecker confirmed the first time he did so was in 1998.Link to ImageNEW YORK, NEW YORK - APRIL 25: Former US President Donald Trump attends his criminal trial for allegedly covering up hush money payments at Manhattan Criminal Court on April 25, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Jeenah Moon-Pool/Getty Images)Pecker agreed that he ran articles about Trump because it was “good for business.” They had a “mutually beneficial” business relationship: Trump would also tip Pecker off with information about “The Apprentice,” including rating and access to participants.Link to ImageNEW YORK, NEW YORK - APRIL 22: Former U.S. President Donald Trump returns to court after a recess during opening statements in his trial for allegedly covering up hush money payments at Manhattan Criminal Court on April 22, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Yuki Iwamura-Pool/Getty Images)“Before this investigation started, you had not heard the phrase 'catch and kill,' correct?” Bove asked, referencing the prosecutor's description of Pecker's purchase of the McDougal story.Pecker agreed. Trump, sitting next to his attorneys, shook his head.Prosecutor Joshua Steinglass earlier used his questions to walk through the details of Pecker's deal to purchase the McDougal story, displaying for the jury various contracts and invoices. Bragg's team also asked Pecker, among other things, if Trump's concern was more for his campaign or for his family and whether Pecker had consulted with an election law attorney about the matter.Pecker began his testimony on Tuesday, a short day for the trial that concluded early due to Passover. Both sides offered opening statements on Monday.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic Defense lawyers Emil Bove (3L) and Susan Necheles (2L) listen as former US President Donald Trump speaks to the media as he arrives for his trial for allegedly covering up hush money payments linked to extramarital affairs, at Manhattan Criminal Court in New York City on April 25, 2024. Trump is back in court to watch his alleged tabloid co-conspirator, former publisher of the National Enquirer, David Pecker, continue testimony about their bid to kill salacious stories that could have derailed the Republican's 2016 White House campaign. (Photo by Jefferson Siegel / POOL / AFP)