Link to ImageA video shows police take down a woman who appeared to be part of an “unruly” migrant mob Tuesday at a hotel in New York.Yainilet Hernandez, a 24-year-old migrant, was arrested after she allegedly shoved police officers in Yonkers during an afternoon brawl at a local Ramada Inn, the New York Post reported.Police arrived at the scene around 1 p.m. after 35-year-old Arnal Kent, one of many migrants occupying the hotel, was reported by staff for allegedly causing a disturbance, according to the outlet. Detective Sgt. Frank DiDomizio reportedly said police “responded to a call for service and reacted appropriately” in a statement released Thursday.“The guy is over here unruly,” a Ramada Inn employee alleged to authorities during a 911 call. “He's being very violent with everybody. He's throwing stuff at everybody. We need somebody here right away.” NEW: Female illegal immigrant gets taken to the ground and arrested after hitting a Yonkers police officer during an arrest. FAFO. Now deport her. The incident started after cops were called for a mob of angry illegals at the Ramada Inn. One man was arrested for reportedly... pic.twitter.com/S3TUL02mzw - Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) April 12, 2024Police took Kent into custody in handcuffs as he struggled to escape while shouting in Spanish, footage appeared to show. Other migrants at the Ramada Inn crowded around as Kent was escorted toward a police vehicle, the New York Post reported. The hotel reportedly housed roughly 250 illegal migrants in May 2023 at the request of New York City officials as the city struggles to deal with a flood of asylum seekers. (RELATED: Officers Arrest Fugitive TikTok Influencer Who Encouraged Migrants To Squat In Homes: REPORT)“Why does he have to hit me?” Kent said in Spanish, according to the New York Post. “They're not taking me. They're not taking me. I'm not doing anything.”Hernandez appeared to attempt to prevent cops from placing Kent inside of the vehicle by shoving the officers and positioning herself in front of the law enforcement vehicle's door, the video showed. She then appeared to fight back minutes later as police took her to the ground and placed her in handcuffs in the video.Hernandez has been charged with assault in the second-degree, resisting arrest and obstruction of governmental administration, the outlet reported. She was reportedly in custody at the Westchester County Jail on $500 bail.Kent has been charged with menacing, obstructing governmental administration and disorderly behavior, police stated, the outlet reported. He was reportedly released without bail, according to police.
Graphic Screenshot of NYPD bodycam footage of the arrest of Yainilet Hernandez on charges including assault, posted on Twitter by Collin Rugg. [Screenshot/Public/X/@CollinRugg]