Link to ImageArizona Republican Congressional candidate Abe Hamadeh laid out his seven-point border plan which he hopes to bring to the U.S. House, in an exclusive Thursday interview with the Daily Caller.Hamadeh said what is going on at the border is not just a crisis but an “invasion,” saying if he is elected to Congress he will be introducing legislation to secure the southern border and stop the influx.“This isn't just another crisis - we have a full on invasion along our southern border. Record numbers of drugs, and known terrorists are flooding across the border, bringing crime, carnage, chaos, and catastrophe,” Hamadeh told the Caller.Here Is Hamadeh's Seven-Point Border Plan: Finish the Border Wall System: “On President Biden's first day in office, he signed an executive order immediately halting the construction of President Trump's border wall system. During the course of Biden's Administration, we have seen record levels of illegal immigration along our southern border, raging crime, drugs flooding into our communities and a complete invasion of foreign nationals with ties to terrorist organizations walking freely into our country,” Hamadeh said. “The completed sections of Prescient Trump's new border wall system was effective and provided the best deterrence for illegal immigration. I strongly support continuing construction of a border wall and will support President Trump's efforts to secure our southern border and build the wall.”Designate Cartels as Terrorists: “Human trafficking, money laundering and drug smuggling are all integrally intertwined. Cartels and “coyotes” are reportedly earning around $13 billion a year by smuggling migrants across the United States/Mexico border. An open border means the cartels hold the upper hand. We must defend our country and our borders from the carnage the cartels have caused on American soil. On day one in office, I will introduce legislation designating the cartels as a terrorist organization,” Hamadeh said.Enforce Current Laws: “A major issue we have is the lack of enforcement of the current laws we have in place. Illegal immigration and border enforcement relies upon a cooperative federal government committed to enforcing the law. Plain and simple, we need to enforce the laws that are already in place. If we actually had deterrence, we actually had consequences for these illegal activities, then they wouldn't be coming across our border.”Reinstate MPP Under President Trump: “The Department of Homeland Security implemented a policy known as Migrant Protection Protocols (MPP). This policy forced asylum seekers to wait in Mexico for their US immigration hearings. This policy ended in June 2022. I strongly support reinstating MPP and the Remain in Mexico policy as an effective protocol to process legitimate asylum seekers.”Zero Tolerance Policy: “This includes the Immediate Deportation of Individuals breaking the law and entering into our country illegally. I support President Trump's proposed plan to begin the largest deportation effort in history. If you have entered this country illegally, you have broken the law.”Withhold Aid to Foreign Countries: “The United States should withhold foreign aid to any country that is not willing to work with the United States to control the flow of unfettered immigration. Other countries must come to the table and work with the United States for the benefit of their own countries as well.”Additional Funding and Support CBP: “Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) are faced with numerous challenges when it comes to manpower, space, and loopholes. We must provide them with the resources, technology and support they need to effectively do their job to keep our border secure. We must build additional facilities to house legitimate asylum seekers until their case can be heard. We must enhance our technological capabilities that will in turn free up manpower along the border and allow CBP agents to do their job more efficiently.”Expand and enforce E-Verify.“It is time to stop exploiting the border as a political issue. When I am elected to Congress to represent the people of Arizona, I will introduce legislation in the House to secure our southern border and work to stop the invasion that is taking place,” Hamadeh added. (RELATED: EXCLUSIVE: Kari Lake Lays Out Border Plan For Senate Bid, Rips Opponents, Says They Will Have To End Up Endorsing It)Hamadeh has been endorsed by former President Donald Trump and is running in the GOP primary against Blake Masters, who ran for Senate in 2022.
Graphic SCOTTSDALE, ARIZONA - OCTOBER 10: Former Arizona attorney general candidate, Republican Abe Hamadeh speaks at JetSet Magazine on October 10, 2023 in Scottsdale, Arizona. Hamadeh lost his race to Democrat Kris Mayes by 280 votes in 2022. (Photo by Rebecca Noble/Getty Images)