Link to ImageDuring a Mar. 26 campaign event in which she was announced as Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s 2024 running mate, tech entrepreneur and attorney Nicole Shanahan claimed she would be the youngest vice president in U.S. history if elected.Verdict: FalseJohn C. Breckenridge is the youngest vice president in U.S. history at 35 years old. Shanahan, who is currently 38 years old, would be the second youngest if elected. A spokesperson for Kennedy Jr.'s campaign said they were “mistaken” in making the claim.Fact Check:Shanahan said she is running alongside Kennedy Jr. in the 2024 presidential election because she wants to “look out for young people,” according to a Mar. 26 interview she gave to Newsweek.“People talk about my age. It's true. I will be the youngest vice president in American history,” Shanahan said during the Mar. 26 event where she was announced as Kennedy Jr.'s 2024 running mate.The claim is false. The University of Virginia's Miller Center's website states Breckenridge “became the youngest vice president in United States history when he was elected with President James Buchanan in the 1856 election.”The Miller Center notes Breckenridge was born in 1821. In addition, the American Battlefield Trust cites his birth year as 1821 and the year he began his term as vice president as 1856.“He holds the record as the youngest Vice President ever elected to office,” according to American Battlefield Trust. Check Your Fact double checked the math on Breckenridge's age and subtracted 1856 from 1821, which totals 35 and makes Breckenridge the youngest vice president in U.S. history. (RELATED: Fact Checking AOC's Claim That RICO Is Not A Crime)Politico reports that Shanahan is 38 years old. Shanahan's Wikipedia page also places her current age at 38 years old and lists her date of birth as Sept. 16, 1985, which means she will have turned 39 by the time of the 2024 presidential election, which will make her older than Breckenridge. Similarly, ABC News, The Washington Post, the New York Post, and BBC News have all reported that the tech entrepreneur and attorney is currently 38 years old.A spokesperson for Kennedy Jr.'s 2024 presidential campaign said in an email to Check Your Fact that the campaign was “mistaken” when they made the claim.“Sorry, yes we were mistaken. Nicole Shanahan will be the second youngest Vice President of all time. We stand corrected,” the spokesperson said.The claim was previously debunked by Politifact and Fact Check.org, who both labeled it false, citing Breckenridge as the youngest vice president in U.S. history.
Graphic OAKLAND, CA - MARCH 26: Independent vice presidential candidate Nicole Shanahan speaks during a campaign event to announce Independent presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. pick for a running mate on March 26, 2024 in Oakland, California. (Photo by Thos Robinson/Getty Images for The Democratic National Committee)