Link to ImageFrench lawmakers voted to add abortion as a constitutional right Monday, in a response that activists and politicians have said is due to the United States Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v. Wade, according to The New York Times.Elected officials voted 780 to 72 in a special Parliament meeting at the Versailles Palace to pass the amendment, and became the first country to explicitly protect abortion as a constitutional right, the Times reported. The new law prevents the government from placing restrictions on funding for the now “guaranteed freedom” of abortion before 14 weeks. (RELATED: Argentine President Blasts Socialism In Speech At CPAC)French President Emmanuel Macron, who has been a vocal supporter of abortion, cheered the decision Monday in a statement on X, formerly known as Twitter.“French pride, universal message. Let us celebrate together the entry of a new freedom guaranteed in the Constitution by the first sealing ceremony in our history open to the public. See you this March 8, International Women's Rights Day,” Macron wrote.The bill's language notes that even though abortion is not currently being “threatened or called into question in our country,” the same can not be said of other countries. The amendment is also very popular among French citizens, polling around 85%, according to the BBC.Link to ImagePresident of French National Assembly Yael Braun-Pivet (L) and French Senate president Gerard Larcher pose as they arrive to take part in the congress of both houses of parliament in Versailles, southwestern of Paris, on March 4, 2024, to anchor the right to abortion in the country's constitution. (Photo by EMMANUEL DUNAND/AFP via Getty Images)“France is showing the right to abortion is no longer an option, it's a condition of our democracy,” Mélanie Vogel, a senator who helped push the legislation through, said, according to the Times. “The French Republic will no longer remain democratic without the right to abortion.”Activists have pointed to the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in June 2022 to overturn Roe as a tipping point for other countries to push for stronger protections, according to The Washington Post. Following the Supreme Court's ruling, French lawmakers began pushing multiple bills to increase protections for abortion access through the constitution, despite attempts having failed in the past, according to the Times.European activists have encouraged the U.S. to make similar moves and urged Americans to not “give up the fight,” according to the Post.“U.S. activists - don't give up the fight,” Lola Schulmann, an advocacy officer with Amnesty International in Paris, said. “What is happening in France is for you and all women fighting for abortion rights in the world.”All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic A Republican guard flies the French flag at half mast at the Elysee presidential Palace in Paris on May 24, 2017 in tribute to the victims of the May 22 terror attack at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester that killed 22 and injured dozens. Police on May 23 named a young man -- reportedly British-born of Libyan descent -- as the suspect behind a suicide bombing that ripped into young fans at a concert in Manchester, as the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for Britain's deadliest terror attack in over a decade. (Photo by STEPHANE DE SAKUTIN / POOL / AFP) (Photo by STEPHANE DE SAKUTIN/POOL/AFP via Getty Images)