Link to ImageFormer U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley declined to endorse former President Donald Trump as she suspended her presidential campaign during a speech in Charleston, South Carolina, Wednesday morning.Haley called it quits after losing nearly all of the Super Tuesday states to Trump, and only notching two primary wins in the 2024 cycle. While the former ambassador congratulated Trump becoming the likely nominee, she encouraged him to “earn the votes” from her supporters who aren't backing him in the primary.“In all likelihood, Donald Trump will be the Republican nominee when our party convention meets in July. I congratulate him, and wish him well. I wish anyone well who would be America's president. Our country is too precious to let our differences divide us,” said Haley. “I have always been a conservative Republican, and always supported the Republican nominee. But on this question, as she did on so many others, Margaret Thatcher provided some good advice when she said, 'never just follow the crowd, always make up your own mind.'”“It is now up to Donald Trump to earn the votes of those in our party and beyond it who did not support him, and I hope he does that. At its best, politics is about bringing people into your cause, not turning them away. And our conservative cause badly needs more people. This is now his time for choosing,” Haley added. (RELATED: Nikki Haley Takes One State, But Trump Romps In The Rest As Super Tuesday Results Roll In)WATCH:The former ambassador narrowly won the Vermont primary Tuesday evening, where she beat Trump 49.9% to 45.9%, according to The Associated Press. Haley also picked up a win in the Washington, D.C., primary on Saturday.Trump secured wins in Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Oklahoma, Maine, Alabama, Massachusetts, Texas, Arkansas, Colorado, Minnesota, California, Alaska and Utah on Super Tuesday, the AP projected.The former president reacted to Haley's announcement in a Truth Social post, where he asked for the support from her voters.“Nikki Haley got TROUNCED last night, in record setting fashion, despite the fact that Democrats, for reasons unknown, are allowed to vote in Vermont, and various other Republican Primaries,” Trump wrote. “I'd like to thank my family, friends, and the Great Republican Party for helping me to produce, by far, the most successful Super Tuesday in HISTORY, and would further like to invite all of the Haley supporters to join the greatest movement in the history of our Nation.”Haley failed to pick up any of the early nominating contests, where she came in third place in Iowa; second in New Hampshire and her home state of South Carolina; and lost to the “None of These Candidates” ballot option in the Nevada primary, which didn't count for delegates.The former ambassador also lost to Trump in the Michigan primary and caucus, as well as the nominating contests in Missouri, Idaho and North Dakota just days before Super Tuesday.The former president currently leads Biden by two points in the RealClearPolitics average. Trump is also advantaged in several key battleground states, like Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Nevada and Wisconsin.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic [Screenshot/Rumble/Dailycaller]