ToplineTech billionaire Elon Musk visited the United States  border with Mexico on Thursday to get an  unfiltered  look at migration across the Southern border, barging into another heated political debate and promoting his platform X as an outlet for citizen journalism.<figure><figcaption>Elon Musk visited the Texas-Mexico border.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsMusk, donning a black cowboy hat and aviator sunglasses, traveled to Eagle Pass, Texas, a border town where there has been asurgein thenumberof migrants crossing the Rio Grande into the U.S. this week.Musk, who broadcast his experiences on X, said he was there to  eyeball the situation  and meet local officials and law enforcement to gain an  unfiltered  perspective on migration and  see exactly what s going on. This included GOP Rep. Tony Gonzales (R-Texas), who showed Musk around the area and thanked him for his interest in the issue.Gonzales, whose district covers more than 800 miles of the border,toldMusk people along the Texas border feel  abandoned  and that the stories of law enforcement and other locals are often  forgotten. Musk, who was born in South Africa, called for an overhaul of immigration laws in the U.S., stressing that as an immigrant to the U.S. himself, he is  extremely pro-immigrant,  adding that the country needs to  greatly expand  its immigration system so as to  let anyone in  who is hardworking and honest and will be a contributor. However, he called for the U.S. to block entry to people who are  breaking the law  and claimed there would be a  collapse in social services  if the country didn t act to curb illegal immigration,addingthat New York City is already  buckling under the load. Key BackgroundMusk, despite previouslysayinghe  would prefer to stay out of politics,  frequently finds himself at the center of political controversy, including criticizing policy, commenting on the Covid pandemic, promoting his idea of free speech and lobbying for favorable legislation. He has publicly criticized U.S. immigration policy before, notably former President Donald Trump s decision to suspend a variety of visas and tobantravelers from several Muslim-majority countries, though his positions on some policies like a border wall appear to have changed over time (he nowsayshe supports a border wall). The subject of immigration, particularly crossings at the Southern border, is particularly divisive and a priority for lawmakers.Accordingto federal figures obtained by CBS News, the number of migrants apprehended by immigration agents after crossing the Southern border illegally soared to near-record levels in September, with an average of around 6,900 people apprehended on each of the first 20 days of the month. The sheer scale of movement is straining already stretched law enforcement, welfare and support systems in areas across the country not just at the border and the matter is shaping up to be a defining policy feature of the 2024 elections. Conditions and processing waits for those arriving, many of whom are seeking asylum, can be lengthy, onerous anddangerous.Forbes Valuation$249.8 billion. That s Musk s estimated net worth, according toForbes real timetracker. He is the world s richest person by a large margin, ahead of French luxury goods tycoonBernard Arnault, who has an estimated fortune of $189.8 billion. Musk s wealth primarily comes from his stake in electric carmaker Tesla and a cadre of valuable companies he cofounded and leads including SpaceX, Neuralink and The Boring Company. He believes his fortunes could grow significantly in the future and has said he believes X, which he acquired as Twitter for $44 billion last October, could evolve into atrillion dollar companyin the future.TangentWhile Musk s visit was intended to take a look at migration, he also used it as a way to promote citizen journalism on X, an activity he has touted the platform for since purchasing it as Twitter in 2022.  More on-the-ground reporting from regular citizens will change the world,  he said.  Please encourage more citizen journalism! You can do live video easily from your phone. 