This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox here.Good morning,At least for now, the panda diplomacy  experiment that lasted for more than half a centuryis no more possibly the latest sign of fraying U.S.-China relations.Threepandas who were on loan to the U.S. from China at the National Zooin Washington, D.C. took off yesterday on the  Giant Panda Express,  a FedEx jumbo jet headed to China.China s diplomatic relations via our furry black-and-white friends date back to President Richard Nixon s historic 1972 visit to China, when Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai gifted two pandas to the American people after First Lady Patricia Nixon mentioned her love of the animals.Don t worry, they ll be pampered with snacks like bamboo, sugar cane and leaf eater biscuits provided by National Zoo staff (clearly they re not flying in economy).BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>The candidates on stage during the Republican Presidential Debate at the Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts on November 8, 2023. Left to right are former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, former United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley, Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, businessman Vivek Ramaswamy and Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina.Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Just five candidates appeared onstage at the third GOP presidential debate last night, and Florida Gov.Ron DeSantis used opening remarks to attack former President Donald Trump,blaming him for a string of the party s shortcomingsafter Republican-backed policies and candidates were defeated in elections earlier this week. Vivek Ramaswamytook several personal digsat former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, who is polling about four points ahead of the biotech entrepreneur, marking the latest on-stage feud between the two.SAG-AFTRA announced Wednesdayit reached a tentative agreementwith the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers ending ahistoric, nearly four-month long actors' strikethat sidelined tens of thousands of workers and sent numerous TV shows and movies out of production. Specific details of the deal are expected to be released Friday. This year s actors  and writers  strikes cost southern California s economy more than $6.5 billion, according to Deadline.BUSINESS + FINANCEAkey part of eBay s turnaround strategyunder CEO Jamie Iannone has beenbending over backwards to keep its most loyal customers, who spend thousands of dollars a year on baseball cards, vintage clothing and other hard-to-find items. But it s not working: The retailer said on its Tuesday earnings call that it has 16 million so-called enthusiast buyers, down from 17 million in 2022 and 18 million in 2021.The conversation around the future of work isn t as rosy as it was a year ago, with the explosion of ChatGPT and concerns AI could replace jobs, as well as tech industry layoffs and the economy heading into a possible downturn.Forbes  2023 Future of Work listhighlights 50leaders, executives, thinkers and teams rethinking the world of workat a time when everything from the job market s future to AI s impact to a college degree s value feels more uncertain than ever.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPVivek Ramaswamy sfalling poll numbers are only part of his woes: The founder of biotech firm Roivant Sciencesis no longer a billionaire. His$200 million loss in two monthsis due to Roivant s stock, which has fallen 31% since its peak on September 27, but Ramaswamy is still wealthier than all but one of his GOP primary opponents: Donald Trump.TECH + INNOVATION<figure><figcaption>'Cruise' driverless robot taxis are seen at a parking lot as California Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) revokes its self-driving car permit and citing 'unreasonable risk to public safety' in San Francisco, California, USA on October 24, 2023.Tayfun Coskun/Anadolu via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Executives atCruise outlined new damage control measuresat an all-hands meeting as therobotaxi company scrambles to appease investors, regulators and the publicin the aftermath of accidents and a voluntary shutdown of its driverless fleet, according to audio obtained byForbes. For the General Motors subsidiary that rushed to scale its operations, the sudden turn of events is a sign that a more considered rollout might have been wiser.Artificial intelligence company Scale AI will build a suite of products for its customers to use toevaluate possible dangers of their AI products,amid concerns about responsible development of the technology. Last week, President Joe Biden issued an executive order placing guardrails on companies developing AI, which will require firms developing models that could pose national security risks to disclose them to the government.MONEY + POLITICS<figure><figcaption>Ivanka Trump arrives at the courtroom after lunch break during a civil fraud trial against former President Donald Trump at New York Supreme Court, Wednesday, Nov. 8, 2023, in New York.Yuki Iwamura/Associated Press</figcaption></figure>Ivanka Trumptook the stand at her father s ongoing civil fraud trial Wednesday, repeatedlyclaiming she couldn t recall any involvement with business dealsat the heart of the New York Attorney General s allegations. The attorney general alleges her father, brothers and the Trump Organization misstated valuations on statements prepared for financial institutions, and email exchanges shown at the trial show Ivanka Trump having played significant roles in deals that involved the financial statements.TheHouse Oversight Committee subpoenaed Hunter Biden, brother James Biden and Biden family associate Rob Walker inits impeachment inquiry into President Joe Biden, and chairman Rep. James Comer (R-Ky.) said the committee will question them on the  record of evidence  the committee has created that supposedly shows Biden  knew, was involved, and benefited from his family s influence peddling schemes.  Then-House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) launched the formal inquiry in September, but the months-long investigation that led up to it did not show evidence of illegality on the president s part.SCIENCE + HEALTHCAREAmazonwill offer steeply discounted memberships to One Medical, the primary care company it acquired this year for $3.5 billion, to its tens of millions of Amazon Prime U.S. customers. It s another in a series of experiments tocarve off a slice of the $4.3 trillion U.S. healthcare market, but it also appears to be competing against some of Amazon s other health offerings.DAILY COVER STORYFake Profiles And Anonymous Posts: How Social Media Is Upending College Life During The Israel-Gaza War<figure><figcaption>With anonymity the norm and fake social media users becoming more prevalent, some forums are inflaming tensions at universities.ILLUSTRATION BY CECILIA ZHANG FOR FORBES; PHOTOS BY ESRA SEN KULA/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE As the Israel-Gaza war crosses the one-month mark,mainstream social media platforms, as well as those geared toward college students, are increasinglybecoming vehicles to spread threats, stir up fear and sow division at American universities.At the University of Pennsylvania, for example, a Facebook account purporting to be a recent Penn grad and current Penn employee (with additional degrees from Georgetown and Fordham) was for weeks posting anti-Israel diatribes on the platform. Turns out she wasn't real:Forbesconfirmed that a person by the name on the account, Kathleen Margaret Connelly, never attended or worked at any of those schools.Forbesalso traced Kathleen's profile photo to a young actress in Ireland who was disturbed to learn the fake account had been using her likeness to spread hate and misinformation. Especially now when people are routinely punished for what they say online and in the era of cancel culture,these poser [social] accounts are more dangerous than ever,  said Penn junior Allison Santa-Cruz, who recently penned an op-ed in the student newspaper about the effect of internet platforms on the Penn community.It s not unusual to see suspicious, potentially dangerous social media activity aimed at shifting public opinion or inflaming discourse during high stakes national and global events, as has been the case during elections. (Adversaries like Russia, China and Iran have been behind these efforts in the past.) But now, in the midst of a war with no end in sight, some experts fear that American colleges which have become ground zero for protests, counter protests and debates over hate speech and freedom of expression are aneasy target for those looking to wreak havoc.Anonymous antisemitic and Islamophobic posts threatening violence against Jewish and Muslim students at Cornell surfaced recently on a Cornell discussion forum on Greekrank (which is not affiliated with the university), throwing the campus into chaos. And more recently at Penn, multiple staffers received antisemitic emails threatening the Jewish community, and specific buildings. Both incidents are being investigated by the FBI.WHY IT MATTERS  Across a range of platforms, the easy masking of individuals  identities isintensifying discord and outrage between Gen Z supporters and critics in all corners of the conflict,  saysForbes senior social media and online culture writer Alexandra Levine.  Anonymous college-focused websites are being weaponized to spread violent threats, and even on mainstream apps that require people to post using their actual identity, it's becoming harder to know or trust who is really behind the accounts. So as universities confront this enormous ideological reckoning over the Israel-Palestine war, social media is in some cases adding fuel to the fire. MORE In A New Era Of Deepfakes, AI Makes Real News Anchors Report Fake StoriesFACTS AND COMMENTSAdidasmay write off its remaining inventory of Yeezy merchandise, asthe firm separates from the brand designed by Kanye West.West lost his partnership with Adidas following a string of antisemitic remarks:$320 million:The value of Adidas  remaining Yeezy inventory$374.7 million:The revenue Adidas generated from Yeezy sales through the third quarter6%: The revenue decline year-over-year in the footwear company s third-quarter earningsSTRATEGY AND SUCCESSWhether you re making an elevator pitch at a conference, interviewing for a job or just sharing fun facts in a work meeting,chances are you ll need to introduce yourself in a professional situationat some point. Theideal way to do so is a blend of professional and personalinfo: share your motivation, mission and extracurricular passions.VIDEOhttps://www.forbes.com/video/6340627236112/QUIZNintendo confirmed a live-action film adaptation of a popular video game is in the works, following the success ofThe Super Mario Bros. Movie.Which video gamewill get a big screen debut?A. Stardew ValleyB. Legend of ZeldaC. PikminD. Grand Theft AutoCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMGet inspired by young movers and makers out to change the world our Under 30 newsletter sends every Friday. You can sign-up here.Get inspired by young movers and makers out to change the world our Under 30 newsletter sends every Friday. You can sign-up here.