This is a published version of the Forbes Daily newsletter, you can sign-up to get Forbes Daily in your inbox .Good morning,We ve all done it: instinctually reached for our phones or alarm clocks to hit snooze for a few extra minutes of that precious sleep.But new research showsdoing so might actually make you more drowsy during the day.People who hit snooze are roughly three times as likely to feel drowsy when they wake up as people who do not use the snooze button, according to a study published Wednesday in theJournal of Sleep Research. One-third of U.S. adults typically sleep less than the recommended amount at night, which is at least seven hours for adults ages 18 to 60, per the CDC. It s no wonder that the snooze button is so tempting.BREAKING NEWS<figure><figcaption>President Joe Biden is greeted by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after arriving at Ben Gurion International Airport, Wednesday, Oct. 18, 2023, in Tel Aviv. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)Copyright 2023 The Associated Press. All rights reserved</figcaption></figure>PresidentJoe Biden arrived in Israel this morning, and during a meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu,appeared to back Israel s denial of its involvement in a Gaza City hospital explosionTuesday that killed hundreds and drew international outrage, though he directed his national security team  to continue gathering information about what exactly happened.  Palestinian officials have blamed the blast on an Israeli airstrike and Israeli authorities say it is the result of a botched rocket attack by the Palestinian Islamic Jihad an allegation the militant group has denied.MORE:Israel s militaryasked civilians in northern Gaza to evacuate to the town of Al-Mawasiin southern Gaza, which it declared a  humanitarian zone,  where humanitarian aid will be provided  if necessary.  The announcement of the zone comes as UN officials and a group of Arab states call for an immediate ceasefire in the region in response to the Gaza City hospital explosion.X, formerly known as Twitter, is testing a program in New Zealand and the Philippines thatwill charge new, unverified users $1 each yearfor some of the platform s base features including posts, replies, reposts and likes. It s the latest subscription push since Elon Musk purchased the company last year, which the platform says is designed to defend against bots.BUSINESS + FINANCE<figure><figcaption>CMI Foods chair Juan José Gutierrez, 65, chairs the family enterprise in its third generation.PHOTO BY TREVOR PAULHUS FOR FORBES</figcaption></figure>The parent company of the Pollo Campero restaurant chain, which has a cult following in Latin America, has quietly grown intoone of the region's largest conglomerates,making the Guatemalan family that owns it worth $3 billion, byForbes estimate. Now, it'sseizing on Americans' fast-food chicken obsessionto fuel its already impressive growth, with a plan to open nearly 40 locations in the U.S. by next year.The Biden administration said it plans tostop shipments of advanced AI chips and chipmaking tools, such as those made by Nvidia, to Chinato curb the country s military development and slow its artificial intelligence progress. American companies that want to sell advanced chips and chipmaking tools to China will be required to tell the U.S. government or get a special license.WEALTH + ENTREPRENEURSHIPBuilders Vision, agiant in the world of impact investing founded by 37-year-old Walmart heir Lukas Walton,revealed for the first time Tuesday how it deployed $3 billionto slow climate change, promote sustainable farming and heal the world s oceans, among other lofty goals. But the organization delivered a sobering message: as much as we re trying, we can t do it alone.  We have a lot of capital to deploy, but these are trillion-dollar issues,  Builders Vision president Matt Knott toldForbes.TECH + INNOVATIONHouston-based startup Paladin sells a small piece of hardware that acts as the brain for any off-the-shelf drone,giving its police and first responder customers the ability to pilot the drone from anywhereusing a standard internet connection. But while police officers have expressed excitement about  drone as first responder  programs like this, civil liberties organizations areconcerned about the impact on privacy if there s an explosion of drone use by police.The U.S. government is making an unprecedented push to invest in clean hydrogen to curb greenhouse gas pollution, andEnergy Secretary Jennifer Granholm told that thegovernment believes it will be crucial in decarbonizing heavy industrial processes. Last week, the Energy Department designated seven  Hydrogen Hubs  around the country, covering 16 states, that will share $7 billion in funds for clean hydrogen projects set aside in the 2021 Bipartisan Infrastructure Law.MONEY + POLITICSDigital World, which is planning to merge with Truth Social platform owner Trump Media & Technology Group, hasnow walked away from two years of financial statementsafter informing the SEC that its audited financials for 2021 and 2022  should no longer be relied upon.  Monday s filingsare just the latest problem for Digital World:In June, the SEC charged a former board member and two others with insider trading of the stock, and the following month, the company settled fraud charges with the SEC.Rep.Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) lost the first round of Tuesday s speaker electionafter 20 Republicans voted for other candidates, and a second vote is scheduled to take place Wednesday. The vote was only the second time in 100 years the House has failed to elect a speaker in the first roundof voting, alongside ousted Speaker Kevin McCarthy s election in January.SPORTS + ENTERTAINMENT<figure><figcaption>Steve Stoute started the marketing agency Translation in 2004 and is the mastermind behind sneaker deals for notable entertainers like Jay-Z and 50 Cent.GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>UnitedMasters, with investors including Alphabet, Apple and Andreessen Horowitz,allows musicians to upload their music to streaming services. The company receives a percentage of streaming royalties while artists keep the rights to original recordings. CEO Steve Stoute, who once managed stars Kid  n Play, Mary J. Blige and Nas, calls thesoftware maker  a record label in your pocket.  SCIENCE + HEALTHCAREAsteroid mining startup Astroforge ison a journey to commercialize mining in space, and last month, the company successfully test-fired rockets that will enable its Brokkr-2 spacecraft to complete a nine-month trip to a distant asteroid.Mining asteroids sounds like science fiction but has a very practical force behind it: As the world transitions away from fossil fuels and begins to rely even more heavily on electricity, it s going to need more metals.TRAVEL + LIFESTYLEChoice Hotels announced ahostile bid to acquire all the outstanding shares of competitor Wyndham Hotels & Resortsat a $7.8 billion valuation. A successful acquisition would be amassive merger in the budget hotel chain space,combining the fifth- and sixth-largest hotel groups in North America to create the continent s largest budget hotel franchisor.TRENDS + EXPLAINERSThe IRS ispiloting a free direct online tax filing service for the 2024 filing season, and taxpayers in 13 states may be eligible to participate. Taxpayers in those states may e-file their federal tax return directly with the IRS for free as part of the 2024 Direct File pilot, but it will not prepare state returns.DAILY COVER STORYThe Palestinian Startup Ecosystem Has Represented Economic Hope. War Is Decimating It<figure><figcaption>Gaza City on October 16, 2023.ALI JADALLAH/ANADOLU/GETTY IMAGES</figcaption></figure>TOPLINE Palestinian startups have served as a bright spot for a growing local tech scene, with pockets of young companies, incubators and accelerators across Gaza and the West Bank. While small, thattech ecosystem has been viewed as an important part of Palestinians  economic future,Palestinian founders and investors said.But in the face of renewed tragedy and war, it s one that also seems increasingly fragile.After Hamas terrorists attacked Israel and killed 1,300 Israelis last week, kidnapping nearly 200 others, the Israeli government responded with aerial strikes that killed at least 3,000 Palestinians, per local officials, and an evacuation order for 1.1 million Gazan civilians to relocate ahead of an expected ground invasion. Israel has cut off access to water, food and electricity for civilians, and the evacuation has been called a  crime against humanity  by the U.N.Now, what was once atenuous path to economic advancement in one of the poorest placesin the world could vanish entirely.  Tech was actually the last resort they could escape to from the prison,  said Palestinian founder Ram Mere, referring to Gaza'sdescriptionby some human rights groups as an open-air prison.  Now, even that is gone. In Israel, founders and tech employees are mourning killed relatives and grappling with their colleagues getting called up to Israel s military reserves. The country s technology sector, which represents 18% of GDP, raised nearly $10 billion in funding in 2021, according to data from startup funding tracker Crunchbase.By comparison, the Palestinian startup community has received $9.5 million in funding for all of 2021, at a combined valuation of $66 million, according toFast Company Middle East.Forbesspoke to several Palestinian founders and members of its tech community based largely in the West Bank, who told us that they are unsure if their colleagues in Gaza are safe.Ramallah-based Sondos Mleitat, the cofounder and CEO of online mental health platform Hakini, is trying to set up a free mental health phone hotline for Gazans. She said that her community is used to building companies with so few resources and against so many odds. One of the advantages we have as Palestinians is that we re resilient because of what we have been going through,  she toldForbes.That resilience, multiple founders said, is core to entrepreneurs  success.WHY IT MATTERS  Global entrepreneurship and its potential for positive social and economic change has long been a pillar of our coverage atForbes,  sayForbessenior writer Sarah Emerson and senior editor Alex Konrad.  Alex remembers personally attending a hackathon for Israeli and Palestinian founders in Jerusalem years ago. But in Gaza and the West Bank, Palestinian entrepreneurs described unique challenges they have faced while starting their companies, such as reduced access to early stage capital and international funding. Right now, the founders featured in this story are grieving the loss of life and community in Gaza, with many currently unable to reach friends, family and colleagues.We wanted to feature them and their resilience. MORE Israel Founders Struggle To Balance Startups And Front-Line Military ServiceFACTS AND COMMENTSZipcar wasfined by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administrationforallowing customers to rent cars that were being recalled for safety issues. It s the first rental car company to ever receive a consent order from the NHTSA for renting recalled cars:$300,000: The fine Zipcar faces, half of which Zipcar has to pay upfront, half of which the company can defer by meeting other demands150 days: The amount of time Zipcar has from when the consent order is effective to submit an audit report of all Zipcar vehicles with open recallsLess than 50: How many of the 12,000 vehicles in Zipcar s fleet were under a recall order in 2017STRATEGY AND SUCCESSZoom has made interrupting co-workers even more awkward, from toggling between browser windows to find the unmute button to not being able to read body language as clearly.To interrupt effectively in a virtual meeting, try bringing up questions and talking points at the beginning, wait for a pause between topics, use emojis to  raise your hand,  start with a strong filler word, and use a moderator for the conversation.QUIZThe 61-year-old CEO of a major U.S. bank has performed a number of high-profile gigs as a DJ, including at Lollapalooza music festival in Chicago last summer. But thehead of which bank announcedhe would stop spinning in public after the media attention became a  distraction ?A. Bank of AmericaB. JPMorganC. Goldman SachsD. CitibankCheck your answer.ACROSS THE NEWSROOMThe ForbesWomen newsletter is a weekly digest from Maggie McGrath featuring news and analysis about female entrepreneurs, leaders and investors. Click here to sign-up.Thanks for reading! Follow along with us onTwitterfor by-the-minute updates on the latest business and financial news throughout the day.The ForbesWomen newsletter is a weekly digest from Maggie McGrath featuring news and analysis about female entrepreneurs, leaders and investors. Click here to sign-up.