ToplineThe House impeachment inquiry into President Joe Biden announced Tuesday deepened a partisan divide in Congress and comes as the 2024 campaign cycle kicks into gear giving both parties a new platform to attack each other and raise money for their reelection bids.<figure><figcaption>US Vice President Kamala Harris, with US President Joe Biden (L), speaks at a signing ceremony in the Indian Treaty Room of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, next to the White House in Washington, DC on July 25, 2023. (Photo by MANDEL NGAN/AFP via Getty Images)AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsThe Biden-Harris campaign asked supporters to contribute  whatever you can afford  in a fundraising email that cites Trump sreported role in pushing Republicans to move the impeachment inquiry forward and attacks the effort as  beyond ridiculous . . . theater with bad actors. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.) s campaign highlighted the impeachment inquiry and a threat from some on the far-right to oust McCarthy as speaker if he doesn t cave to their budget demands in a fundraisingemailto supporters on Wednesday that asked supporters for a $5 contribution.House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) s campaign sent a series of emails to supporters upon launching the impeachment inquiry, including several that ask them to respond to a poll about whether Biden should be impeached and others that highlight his third quarter fundraising shortfall and include a link to donate, but don t mention impeachment.Rep. Marjorie Taylor-Greene (R-Ga.) cheered McCarthy s announcement in a series of fundraising emails this week, includingonethat asks supporters to make  a contribution today that will enable my team and I to fend off the smears and attacks against me from the liberal media as I continue to fight for justice. Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.), a leading voice in threatening to take steps to oust McCarthy as speaker, attacked him in a fundraisingemailWednesday, referring to him as  the valet underwriting all of Biden s debt  and reiterating his call for McCarthy to adhere to the concessions he agreed to in January in order to win over his right-wing detractors, while calling the impeachment inquiry  baby steps  on McCarthys part.Key BackgroundMcCarthy announced Tuesday he directed three House committees to open an impeachment inquiry into President Joe Biden that centers around claims Biden used his influence to financially benefit his family members or possibly himself. The allegations are based on a trove of unverified evidence House committees have collected in their various investigations of the Biden family. McCarthy and other Republicans have expressed hope that the impeachment inquiry can facilitate their ability to gather more information. Biden has repeatedly denied any involvement in his family s business dealings and the White House blasted the inquiry as  extreme politics at its worst  in a statement following McCarthy s announcement. The impeachment inquiry comes as some on the right, including Greene, have threatened to vote against the budget due at the end of the month if the effort does not move forward. Others, including Gaetz, have threatened to launch an effort to remove McCarthy as conference leader if he does not cave to their budget demands, such as rolling back spending to fiscal year 2022 levels and limiting funding for Ukraine.TangentTrump has been pushing his Republican allies in Congress to impeach Biden behind closed doors, thereported. Greene told the paper she met with the ex-president Sunday, just two days before the inquiry was announced, to discuss the effort. Trump has also kept in regular touch with GOP Conference Chair Rep. Elise Stefanik (R-N.Y.) about the issue, but has not been personally pressuring McCarthy to move it forward, according to unnamed sources cited by the paper. The sources reportedly said Trump is more concerned with the House moving forward with legislation to expunge his own two impeachments from his record.Further ReadingHow The Biden Impeachment Inquiry Could Backfire On Republicans In 18 Purple Districts (Forbes)Biden Impeachment Inquiry: Here s How The Process Could Play Out And How It Could End (Forbes)White House Blasts GOP Impeachment Inquiry:  Extreme Politics At Its Worst (Forbes)