ToplineRep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.)introduced legislationFriday that seeks to censure Tanya Chutkan, the federal judge presiding over former President Donald Trump s criminal case in connection with his efforts to overturn the 2020 election the latest stagey move by the GOP s right flank to support the former president in the face of legal troubles.<figure><figcaption>Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) speaks during the House Judiciary Committee hearing on Oversight of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C.Jose Luis Magana/AP Photo</figcaption></figure>Key FactsIn addition to censuring Chutkan, the resolution would launch an investigation into her conduct if passed.Gaetz s legislation comes after Chutkan handed down a series of heavy sentences often harsher than prosecutors requested to rioters who violently stormed the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021, and ahead of Trump s likely criminal trial over his efforts to overturn the 2020 election in which she will oversee.In the legislation and a statement accompanying it, Gaetz accuses Chutkan of  extreme sentencing of January 6th defendants, while openly supporting the violent Black Lives Matter riots of 2020  as well as of exhibiting  blatant political bias  and  a complete disregard for her duty of impartiality and the rule of law. Gaetz also pointed out that prior to being appointed to her position as judge by former President Barack Obama, she had donated to his political campaign.He also pointed to statements the judge has made that he argues makes her unfit for her position: When she described the comparison between the 2020 protests in the wake of George Floyd s death to the storming of the U.S. Capitol in 2021 as  a false equivalency  that  ignores a very real danger that the January 6 riot posed to the foundation of our democracy  and when she  lamented that Donald Trump  remains free to this day.  ContraContrary to Gaetz s allegations, Chutkan has said she won t let partisan politics play a role in her decisions during the case. At a recent hearing she said,  I intend to keep politics out of this. Key BackgroundTrumpwas indicted August 1on four federal charges conspiracy to defraud the United States, conspiracy against the rights of citizens, obstructing an official proceeding and conspiring to obstruct an official proceeding related to his efforts to overturn the 2020 election, to all of which he pleaded not guilty. All charges could lead to prison time. The Department of Justice, which brought these charges, argued that Trump and a number of co-conspirators attempted to pressure then Vice President Mike Pence to illegally prevent Congress from certifying the votes, put together a pool of fake electors in an attempt to disrupt the certification of the real electors and pressured state officials and legislators to overturn election results, among other things. Chutkan was randomly assigned to be the judge on this case. In addition to this case, Trump also faces three other criminal cases on the federal and state levels for other aspects of his efforts to overturn the election and for other alleged criminal actions.Further ReadingWho Is Tanya Chutkan? Trump Pushes Judge In Jan. 6 Case To Recuse Herself(Forbes)Trump Indicted: Ex-President Charged With 4 Criminal Counts In Jan. 6 Probe As Jack Smith Decries Election  Lies (Forbes)Judge Says Trump s Free Speech Rights Are  Not Absolute  As She Limits What He Can Say(Forbes)Trump Indicted: Here s How DOJ Says He Illegally Tried To Overturn The 2020 Election(Forbes)Trump Now Faces Same Charge As Hundreds Of Jan. 6 Rioters: Obstructing An Official Proceeding(Forbes)