ToplineNorth Korean leader Kim Jong Un will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin  in the coming days,  the Kremlin confirmed on Monday, adding to growing international concern over Moscow s deepening ties with Pyongyang amid reports the reclusive state is preparing to arm Russia in its war in Ukraine.<figure><figcaption>Russian President Vladimir Putin and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in 2019.SPUTNIK/AFP via Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsKim will visit Russia at Putin s invitation, the Kremlinsaidin a statement, confirming speculation that a meeting between the two leaders was imminent.The Kremlin did not give details of the meeting including its location, time and purpose but Putinarrivedin Russia s eastern port city of Vladivostok for the Eastern Economic Forum on Monday.The city is the likely location of the meeting it is relatively close to North Korea and is the site of Putin and Kim s first and only meeting in 2019 and Putin is scheduled to remain in Vladivostok until at least Tuesday, when he is expected to deliver a speech.North Korean state media also confirmed the visit but provided no further details.South Korean media outlets citing unnamed government officials on Mondayreporteda train having departed the North Korean capital of Pyongyang for Russia on Sunday evening.The reports suggested the train was carrying Kim to Russia for a potential meeting with Putin, something U.S. officials last weeksaidwas in the works and likely to happen in the near future.What We Don t KnowThe precise nature, time and location of the meeting have not been disclosed. If the train leaving North Korea is indeed carrying Kim to a meeting in Russia, it is likely he is traveling on hispersonal armored train a slow and reportedly luxurious vehicle that stands in stark contrast to the poverty that prevails through much of North Korea to Vladivostok and reports say a meeting could happen as early as Tuesday.News PegNews of Kim s trip was first reported by news outlets in early September, citing U.S. and allied officials. Details of the trip were scarce and neither Pyongyang or Moscow publicly confirmed the visit was happening. While Washington would not confirm whether intelligence suggested a meeting was imminent, National Security Council spokeswoman Adrienne Watsonsaidthe U.S. expected  leader-level diplomatic engagement  on arms between the two nations, theNew YorkTimesreported. Watson alsotoldABC news that arms talks between Russia and North Korea are  actively advancing.  The meeting follows atripfrom Russia s defense minister Sergei Shoigu to Pyongyang in late July, where he vowed to cultivate closer economic and political ties with the reclusive state and said they were aligned with Moscow on several key international issues. Moscow s increasing isolation on the global stage and decision to reinvigorate ties with pariah states like North Korea hasalarmed analystsas a potential sign Russia may be returning to Cold War-style politics and is supporting Pyongyang s ambitions to develop its ability to wage war and violate international sanctions.What To Watch For Kim rarely leaves North Korea and the trip marks his first foreign visit since the country closed its borders in 2020 during the early stages of the Covid-19 pandemic. Any trip from the North Korean leader is therefore significant and the summit is likely to be a landmark for both Moscow and Pyongyang, both of which are growing increasingly isolated on the world stage. The Kremlin s support of Pyongyang could invite harsh repercussions for both sides, with any deal potentially violating international sanctions and destabilizing the region and global geopolitics further. U.S. National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan haswarnedthat any arms deal is  not going to reflect well on North Korea and they will pay a price for this  in the global community.  It says a lot that Russia is having to turn to a country like North Korea to seek to bolster its defense capacity,  Sullivan added.Big Number10. That s how many internationaltripsKim Jong Un has made since taking power after his father s death in 2011, including his most recent visit to Russia. He primarily, though not exclusively, travels by a special armored train and is reportedly incrediblywary of security threatswhen traveling abroad. He has made four trips to China and one visit each to Vietnam and Singapore. Kim has also crossed the inter-Korean border twice he is the only North Koreanleaderto cross into the southern side of the Demilitarized Zone once to meet with the then South Korean President Moon Jae-in and again in 2019 for talks with then-president Donald Trump.Further ReadingPutin Celebrates  Friendship  With Pyongyang As North Korea Deepens Ties With Russia And China(Forbes)Kim Jong Un Has Many Reasons to Meet With Vladimir Putin(WSJ)Does North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un always travel by train?(Reuters)