ToplineFormer President Donald Trump angrily urged Republicans in Congress to impeach President Joe Biden on Sunday, after House Speaker Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) claimed earlier in the day that an impeachment inquiry into the president would be a  natural step forward. <figure><figcaption>Former U.S. President Donald Trump speaks to the media at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport after being booked at the Fulton County jail.Getty Images</figcaption></figure>Key FactsIn aposton his Truth Social platform, Trump wrote that while  well meaning  Republicans in Congress  keep talking about an Impeachment  Inquiry  on Crooked Joe Biden,  he wants them to get on with the process.Without providing evidence, Trump accused Biden of accepting bribes, paying people off and withholding aid to Ukraine.The former president then called Biden a  Stone Cold Crook,  claiming a long inquiry was unnecessary to prove these allegations.Trump pointed to his two impeachments and four indictments, implying that the GOP should impeach Biden in retaliation.Crucial Quote Either IMPEACH the BUM, or fade into OBLIVION. THEY DID IT TO US,  Trump wrote in his post.Key BackgroundEarlier on Sunday, McCarthy signaled that an impeachment inquiry of Biden may be imminent. In aninterviewon Sunday Morning Futures on Fox, the House Speaker said:  If you look at all the information we have been able to gather so far, it is a natural step forward that you would have to go to an impeachment inquiry.  McCarthy said such an inquiry would provide Congress  the apex of legal power to get all the information they need,  however, he did not mention a specific timeline for such an inquiry and any further impeachment proceedings.TangentIn the past few days, Trump has used Truth Social to rail against his indictment in the Georgia election interference case while also attacking his rivals in the 2024 GOP presidential primaries. On Sunday night, Trump reshared a fake, photoshopped  mug shot  of Biden posted by one of his followers along with several posts that appropriate his ownmug shotinto supportive memes and posters. Trump also took aim at his top primary rival Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis by pointing to his  BAD  polling numbers and saying:  He ought to spend more time in Florida!  DeSantiscalled offa planned campaign tour to South Carolina and returned to Florida on Sunday in the aftermath of a racially motivated mass shooting in the state.Further ReadingSpeaker McCarthy says Biden turned US politics into a 'culture of corruption' as impeachment inquiry inches(Fox News)