LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Raymond, great to see you as always, have a wonderful weekend.That is it for us tonight. Make sure you follow me on Twitter or X, okay, X, and all the social media channels.Remember, it is America now and forever, it still is. Don't get mad. Get motivated.Look at that fundraising haul from Trump.Watters is next.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I don't mind being out there because I'm doing something for this country and I'm doing something for our Constitution. It's very important.This is bigger than Trump. This is bigger than me. This is bigger than my presidency.WATTERS: Biden convicts Trump and smirks for the cameras.REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): I feel it's such a sweet vindication of the rule of law.ANDREW WEISSMANN, MSNBC LEGAL ANALYST: This was a fair process.DONNY DEUTSCH, POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: From here on in, Donald Trump is simply branded convicted felon Donald Trump.WATTERS: The media wets themselves over the Trump verdict.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": I got so excited I started leaking a little bit.TRANS PERSON: Trans women can produce milk to feed a baby. You must grow your coconuts. Once your coconuts are grown, it is time to start producing milk.WATTERS: Happy DEI Friday?Plus --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Robert De Niro, you are a piece of (bleep).WATTERS: A picture is worth a thousand words. So what do you think Biden is saying here?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Mr. President, can you tell us, sir, Donald Trump refers to himself as a political prisoner and blames you directly? What's your response to that, sir?Do you think a conviction will have an impact on the campaign?We'd love to hear your thoughts, sir.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: That sinister grin may as well have been a confession. Later, he was questioned by Peter Doocy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Do you think this conviction helps Trump in the election?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I have no idea.DOOCY: Are you worried that this could happen to you someday? Somebody comes up with some charges and tries to bring you into court after your term?BIDEN: Not at all. I didn't do anything wrong. The system still works.DOOCY: And when Trump says you're just trying to bruise him -- what do you say? Politically, politically, he thinks you're pulling the strings behind the scenes, doing all this to help yourself.BIDEN: I didn't know I was that powerful.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But 34 felony counts later, Donald Trump is still standing. The former president came out of his penthouse in Trump Tower this morning, where he was welcomed with love to the lobby he built.And for 40 minutes, he spoke from the heart.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This is a case where if they can do this to me, they can do this to anyone. These are bad people. These are, in many cases, I believe sick people.I'm out there and I don't mind being out there because I'm doing something for this country and I'm doing something for our Constitution. It's very important, far beyond me.And this can't be allowed to happen to other presidents. It should never be allowed to happen in the future. But this is far beyond me.This is bigger than Trump. This is bigger than me. This is bigger than my presidency.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: This is why they hate him. Biden is a lifelong politician, ran for president three times. The last time, he didn't run to help the country, he ran to stop Trump. After he won, he didn't help the country did he? Because he'd already accomplished what he'd set out to do. His lifelong goal of being president.Unlike them, Donald Trump didn't need politics. He had everything he wanted -- money, family, real estate, celebrity status. He chose politics to fight for something bigger than himself, for a country crippled by corrupt lying fools and to make that country great again.He ridiculed them. And that's the one thing you can't do in Washington. Republican or Democrat, Washington has to pretend it is virtuous.Trump dared to tell the truth. Their policies were stupid. They were hurting Americans. They were stupid. They were ugly, inside and out. And he was more successful than all of them.Washington's status is built on prestige, and suddenly the rest of the country caught on. Maybe these politicians, journalists, and experts were just pathetic pretenders and the country started ridiculing them too, but more importantly, started asking them questions.Washington couldn't have people mocking them and being curious as to why their policies weren't working, and why they were all allowed to insider trade and lie about it.So Washington did the one thing Washington is good at, protect themselves by destroying someone else. Impeachments, raids, arrests, and now convictions. But Trump wasn't a third world dictator that they could just remove in a bloodless coup.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I'm wired in such a way that a lot of people would have gone away a long time ago, they would have gone away after impeachment hoax number one, that was a total hoax. Then you had impeachment hoax number two. And then they formed a committee. How about that? They formed the committee of thugs, the J6 committee of thugs.They destroyed all of the records after the committee was abandoned. And I supposedly went to the driver and I grabbed him around the neck and he rebuffed me. And then I went to the other guy, who I think is a black belt in karate. And I grabbed him around the neck and said, he's a black belt in karate. They know how to get somebody from around their neck.They would have gotten like this, and that would be the end of that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: We're witnessing an era of political thuggery. Hundreds of millions of dollars in fines, censorship, corporate sabotage, evil forces, spending billions of dollars to destroy one man, while they ignore you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We had a DA, who is a failed DA -- crime is rampant in New York, violent crime. That's what he's really supposed to be looking at. Crime is rampant in New York.Yesterday in McDonald's, you had a man hitting them up with machetes -- a machete. Whoever can imagine even a machete being wielded in a store, in a place where they're eating and he's going rampant and Bragg is down watching a trial on what they call crimes -- crimes.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: No Republican presidential nominee could get a fair trial in Manhattan, not with a Soros funded DA, not with a former Biden prosecutor, and not with a judge, who not only donated to the Biden campaign, but to a group called Stop Republicans and the judge did just that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: It was very unfair. We weren't allowed to use our election expert under any circumstances. You saw what happened to some of the witnesses that were on our side. They were literally crucified by this man who looks like an angel, but he's really a devil.He looks so nice and soft. People say, oh, he seems like such a nice man. No, unless you saw him in action.It was a rigged trial. We wanted a venue change where we could have a fair trial, we didn't get it. We wanted to judge change. We wanted a judge that wasn't conflicted, and obviously he didn't do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Even CNN's top legal analyst calls the verdict obscure and unprecedented. In the New York mag, he writes this: "The charges against Trump aren't just unusual, they are bespoke seemingly crafted individually for the former president, and nobody else. It's better characterized as the Frankenstein case, cobbled together with ill-fitting parts into an ugly, awkward but more or less functioning contraption that just might ultimately turn on its creator."Turning on its creator is right. Last night, Trump shattered another record.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: In the history of politics, I believe maybe I'm wrong, somebody will find that I'm wrong, maybe, but I don't think so. They raised with small money donors, meaning like $21.00, $42.00, $53.00, $38.00 --a record $39 million in about a 10-hour period.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: No, think of it. I like those people.I guess it's backfired -- now, I don't know. I'd rather not have it happen. I don't want to have it backfire. I don't know when this thing -- legitimately not because they were stupid and did things that they shouldn't be doing, they shouldn't have brought this case.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And breaking news, over the last 24 hours, Trump has raised $53 million after spending millions on legal fees, fighting Biden's prosecutors in court. And oh yes, taking on Republicans in the primary. Donald Trump is pulling even with the Democrat war chest.This morning, crowds flocked to Trump Tower to support the former president exhibiting love, not hate. The left wants us to be angry, to riot. But in the last 24 hours, we're all experiencing a cold steeled commitment, 70 percent of the population struggling and feels oppressed by a rigged system. Many of them can now identify with Donald Trump.Every family that's ever had a member convicted of a crime despises the government. Anyone that's been unfairly targeted, harassed, demonized, screwed over, big footed by a boss or a judge or anyone with more power than they have. The way a man wields power reveals who he is. Biden has the power to secure the border, but uses it to charge his rival with crimes instead.What kind of man does that?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of our country. He is the worst president in the history of our country, the most incompetent. He's the dumbest president we've ever had. He's the dumbest president, most incompetent president, and he's the most dishonest president we've ever had.And so many of the -- he is a Manchurian Candidate.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: They tried it with "Access Hollywood," remember? Russia, impeachment, Jan 6, and now this. Trump threatens their power, so they try to sever your connection with him.But it's like a Chinese finger trap. The harder they pull, the tighter it gets.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RUSH LIMBAUGH, RADIO SHOW HOST: I know they desperately want Trump gone and I know that they desperately want it codified that Trump cannot run again. Because make no mistake, they remain scared to death of you and they remain scared to death of Trump.They believe that they can -- they can destroy this bond that exists between you and Trump, if they somehow make Trump look bad, make Trump look like a reprobate.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Executive VP of the Trump Organization, Eric Trump joins me now.Eric, how is your father doing?ERIC TRUMP, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, TRUMP ORGANIZATION: Well, let's just say I've been with him for the last week, I was in that courthouse with him. I saw how rigged the whole thing was.I mean, we didn't stand a chance. In fact, you and I were texting at one point you asked me, you checked in and you said, how are you doing? You know, how is it looking in there? And I said, I don't trust the system. I don't trust this courthouse. I don't trust this judge.We had been just getting you bamboozled time and time again. So it didn't surprise me.But what's really amazing, go back to 2016 for a second, the largest fundraising haul in history to that point we did in one day and it was $16 million.And as of a couple of minutes ago, we just announced $52.8 million in 24 hours and we're probably another five to six million dollars above that, based on the fact that that was exactly 24 hours from the indictment time, which was about 5:30 yesterday.The people of this country are furious. No one believes that for $130,000.00, they shut down the DA's Office for a three-year period of time to investigate Donald Trump, that they shut down all of Lower Manhattan for literally six weeks with the largest NYPD presence you've ever seen, Jesse.You saw it, thousands and thousands of cops, blocks and blocks literally barricaded around that courthouse for $130,000.00 of personal money. Give me a break. No one believes it.For the former president of the United States and the current frontrunner while at the exact same time you've got somebody with a machete in a McDonald's in Times Square, cutting the hell out of people in New York and yet the district attorney, Alvin Bragg is sitting in a courthouse over $130,000.00, a legal expense which was billed as a legal expense and a former president of the United States gets 34 felonies.This country is furious. And that's why you're seeing you know $53 million in small dollar donations. This country has never seen a fundraising haul like that. People are behind my father in ways that I've never -- I can't even tell you the love that's out there right now.WATTERS: No, I felt it too this morning, Eric --E. TRUMP: And I really believe this is guaranteeing him the victory, I mean, just watch his poll numbers. I guarantee you this propels him to victory.WATTERS: I was out getting bagels this morning with my son. I had people coming up to me. I was out at the butcher shop people coming up to me.My phone has never looked like this in my entire career. I've never seen anything like this. You're feeling it. Everyone's feeling it. And the fundraising shows it.When you look at Joe Biden smile like that, smile in silence and shuffle off. How does that make you feel?E. TRUMP: It doesn't surprise me. I know he is crooked. Listen, Jesse. I've had 110 subpoenas and I've never done a damn thing wrong in my life. Hunter Biden has a laptop full of pictures of hookers, cocaine, drugs or finding drugs in the White House. Illegal deals with every shady country around the world, sitting on every single board making an absolute fortune in industries he knows nothing about in countries where he does not speak the language, getting away with absolute murder and they haven't done a damn thing to the guy.Guess who they attack? They attack Donald Trump.Look how much money that guy on the screen has made off of politics. He's got three different houses, all really expensive houses. How do you do that making, you know, the $200,000.00 he made as a senator for 50 years. Give me a break. No one believes it.They're corrupt as hell, but they've always protected him. No different than they protected the Clintons. Look how much money that Clintons have made and everybody else on the Democratic ticket in Washington, DC? Hillary deleted 33,000 e-mails, she got away with absolute murder, along with a lot of other things, including the Clinton Foundation and guess who they prosecute? They prosecute Donald Trump because he's a Republican, and guess what? He was the bull in the China shop, who went into Washington, DC and tore apart a corrupt system.He hurt their feelings. He smacked them in their face. He exposed their corruption and they are lashing out on him, and they are using every aspect, every tool, every knife, every arrowhead that they have to get him using AGs, get him using crooked judges, get him using DAs.They go into the most far left areas of this country, you know the vote in Georgia, the Washington, DC, the Lower Manhattan where you've got 10 percent of the vote. They hand it to their buddy who is a judge, they use a crooked DA and they go after him criminally and civilly because they couldn't get him in Washington, DC and they know he's created one of the greatest political movements in history. That's their strategy.So when I see that little smirk on his face, does that surprise me? Jesse, it doesn't surprise me at all. This has been their game plan from the second my father went down that escalator and they decided to start impeaching him over absolutely nothing.That's what these people do.WATTERS: It's the last gasp of a dying and desperate movement and they are throwing everything at him to stop it on their way down and nothing has been more clear than yesterday that that is what the game plan is.Eric Trump, thanks as always for joining JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.E. TRUMP: And Jesse, it is not working.WATTERS: It's not.E. TRUMP: It's not working.WATTERS: It's not. Look at the numbers. Good to be with you. Thank you so much.E. TRUMP: Good to be with as well.WATTERS: Former Speaker of the House, Kevin McCarthy joins me now.I mean, I'll ask you, you've met with Joe Biden a couple of times, in private. You just saw him smile. Like he just, you know, swallowed something.You know him better than we do.KEVIN MCCARTHY (R-CA), FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: He looked like the Grinch.WATTERS: He did.MCCARTHY: He looked like the Grinch. He really did, like the Grinch who stole Christmas.But you know the really sad part about this? You've got to see the damage that has done. We now have Soros elected DAs who go after people not crime. We've got, if you go with the standard of what they just did to President Trump, you can't bring witnesses on. You literally can't talk, there's a gag order over you while you're being tried.And if you study world history, when individuals go after their political enemies and persecute them or jail them, a movement is created and history is changed -- and you're beginning to feel like that's happening today.Now, if you want to go with this new standard, what the Democrats talk about, then shouldn't Hillary Clinton be tried for paying a law firm with her campaign money to change the outcome of election and lying about Russia-gate? Shouldn't Joe Biden be tried for lying to the American public about the laptop and getting 51 people in the intel community to lie to the American public and going after tech companies that you couldn't reprint "The New York Post"? Trying to change the outcome of an election? Is that fair in the process of what they're doing?But one of the worst things that has happened here, I talked to a lot of world leaders throughout this trial. They're wondering what has happened to America? What has happened to this shiny sitting on the Hill that people look towards? That they would utilize this and go so far.But I hope all Americans see one thing, the strength of Donald Trump, not of his political movement, of the person of who he is to sustain this. I was just talking to him Sunday night, before he was going and that is what we need in the White House to change this country, someone who could take all this pressure and still govern and put the people first.WATTERS: You're right. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction and we are seeing that, and we will see more of that for sure.MCCARTHY: Yes, it does.WATTERS: Former Speaker Kevin McCarthy, thank you so much. Have a great weekend.MCCARTHY: Thank you.WATTERS: Founder of America First Legal, Stephen Miller joins me now.Miller, we've seen something we've never seen before in the history of the United States. This Republic is strong, it will survive. But man, was that an ugly and deep wound yesterday.STEPHEN MILLER, FOUNDER, AMERICA FIRST LEGAL: It was the first communist show trial in American history, but it sure won't be the last communist show trial unless Republicans unshackle themselves from their self-imposed restraints, and are is ruthless in fighting to save America, as the Democrats are in fighting to destroy America.Two questions matter tonight, Jesse. The first: Why are they doing everything in their power to stop Donald Trump? And the second: What are we going to do about it? The answer to question number one is simple. Every force that is trying to ruin America, the war mongers, the globalists, the radical Democrats, the leftists, the communists, the Marxists, the open border lunatics are going after Trump because they know he is the only one who can stop them.As the second question, they're going to pull out every stop, every trick, every dirty play they have between now and November. So we can't just sit back and say, oh, I hope everything corrects itself. You have to get in the game, Republicans.I want every secretary of state, are you purging your voting rolls of non- citizens right now? Is every Republican state AG opening investigations into voter fraud right now? Is every House committee controlled by Republicans using its subpoena power in every way it needs to right now? Is every Republican DA starting every investigation they need to right now?Is every donor off the sidelines and in the game, the big dollar guys, the rich guys, the wealthy guys?Every facet of Republican Party politics and power has to be used right now to go toe to toe with Marxism and beat these communists. That's the task, Jesse.WATTERS: That's the only thing they understand is brute force, and I'm feeling some rumblings of it, and I think you know what I'm talking about.Stephen Miller, have a great weekend.MILLER: I sure do.WATTERS: Talk to you soon.MILLER: You too.WATTERS: Do celebrity endorsements matter?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, FOX NEWS MEDIA: The Rock and Cardi B endorsed Joe Biden in 2020. But now they won't say who they're voting for. What does that mean?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Maybe they've waken the (bleep) up.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Democrats have been fantasizing about convicting Trump since 2015. They didn't have a crime yet, but knew they'd cook one up. So after a Manhattan jury, Biden donor judge, and liberal prosecutors finally made it happen, they couldn't contain themselves.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ABC NEWS ANCHOR: Our team has heard that there were some shears inside the Biden headquarters in Wilmington as the verdict was read.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: After the Biden team was done partying, they started passing around the hat. Biden blasted out text messages. "This is the perfect time to make your first donation."Hillary Clinton popped out of the woods to start selling mugs that say "Turns out she was right about everything." The media celebrated like it was Christmas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": So I'm going to say something you've never ever heard me say before. But Donald John Trump --BEHAR: Donald Trump --GOLDBERG: -- is a convicted felon.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)LITMAN: It's a majestic day and we are rightly saying the system worked like clockwork.WEISSMANN: This is a really about our democracy in a shining moment, led by a really eminent wonderful judge.RASKIN: I take great pride in what's happened because I feel it's such a sweet vindication of the rule of law.BEHAR: I got so excited I started leaking a little bit.(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Who were they so happy for? If a murderer is found guilty, sure you celebrate. You're happy for the victim's family, I guess. And you're happy the killer is off the streets.But who's the victim here? There is no victim because this is no crime. They're just happy for themselves, because their lives in between Trump losses and getting vaccinated don't seem that happy.Democrats have been claiming the justice system has been rigged for decades. It's racist. Millions of people of color, the poor can't get fair trials because of dirty DAs and bias judges. And now when Trump says the trial was rigged, they say, oh, no, no, no, you can't say that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: It's reckless, it is dangerous. It's irresponsible for anyone to say this was rigged just because they don't like the verdict.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: No matter how much Joy Behar leaks or how much money Biden raises, it's going to come down to you. What do you think about the trial?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I find it absolutely insane.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It kind of blows my mind. Can you say Banana Republic?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's a complete failure of our justice system. And it's a complete Joe Biden-Kamala Harris hit job.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm shocked that he keeps going. So I will say he's -- you know what? God bless him for what he is doing.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And it's not just middle class voters, patriotic billionaires are now lining up behind Trump again. Casino barons, hedge fund CEOs, tech investors all rallying around the former president.Elon Musk who has been wrangling his rich friends to stop Biden says: "Great damage was done today to the public's faith in the American legal system. If a former president can be criminally convicted over such a trivial matter, motivated by politics rather than justice, then anyone is at risk of a similar fate."Clay Travis is the founder of outkick.com.Did you leak a little?CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: That that might be the nastiest thing that's ever been said on "The View" and that is saying something. I didn't think Joy Behar could make me wretch based on that, but I did.I think she said she did it at Costco. They should revoke her membership, God forbid.But Jesse, this is pretty awesome. In the last 24 hours, the opposite of leaking is the amount of money that's rolled into the Trump campaign $52.8 million, 30 percent nearly of that money from people who have never donated before.And this may make you a little sad, Jesse, but my nine-year-old he's not watching Fox News right now. You know what he's watching? WWE. He loves wrestling.And one thing you learn in wrestling as our former president and future president well knows based on the number of Wrestlemanias he's been to, is at some point in time when a steel chair ends up in the ring, and you get hit by it by the bad guy. Sooner or later, you have to pick the chair up and smack the bad guy in the face in the wrestling ring and that's what Republicans need to do.They have sent a new message, which is they are going to try to put their chief political rivals in prison for the rest of their lives. There are red state DAs and red state attorney generals all over this country that should send clarion calls out across this nation and let it be known that there are now new rules and that if you're going to swing a steel chair at us in the wrestling ring, we're going to take it back and we're going to smack you in the face with it harder.Democrats need to fear what Republican prosecutors will do. This can't be 30 or 40 years ago, when everybody has a Manhattan in the country club and talked about the Republican Party. We're in a real war. Legal warfare is afoot and it's time to return fire.WATTERS: Joe Biden, not mentally fit enough to stand trial but maybe some of his comrades can take a steel chair to the head figuratively, of course. I love you, Clay.TRAVIS: Figuratively like Hacksaw Jim Duggan. It could be a two by four, too. Again figuratively, Jesse, it's time to go after them.WATTERS: Right. Rowdy Roddy Piper from the top rope with the belt.TRAVIS: Amen.WATTERS: Amen, baby.Happy DEI Friday?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: While Trump's New York trial is over, a new trial begins in Georgia. Nope, not that one. This one: Laken Riley's alleged killer was arraigned today, Jose Ibarra, the Venezuelan Biden migrant pled not guilty to nearly a dozen counts today, as Laken's mother sobbed in court.Nobody is talking about this because everyone is distracted by the anti- Trump trial, and that was the point all along.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JD VANCE (R-OH): Why aren't we talking about inflation, Wolf? Why aren't we talking about Biden's wide open southern border?WOLF BLITZER, CNN HOST, "THE SITUATION ROOM": We are talking --VANCE: This entire trial was cooked up to distract from Joe Biden's failure.Donald Trump has had 34 felony indictments. It's so obvious that this is about politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Locking up Trump might make liberals feel good about themselves, but it won't bring Laken Riley back. They won't fix any of the disasters Biden has created and there are a lot of them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We're dealing with a corrupt government. We have a corrupt country. Our elections are corrupt, our borders are open. Our borders are going to be closed very soon. November 5th is going to be the most important day in the history of our country.Now when I say that, because my people are always saying do this, do this because we're fighting for America.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Eight Republican senators are joining that fight, vowing legislative retaliation against the Biden administration. What does that look like?Florida Senator Rick Scott signed that pledge and he joins us now.Senator, what are you guys planning?SEN. RICK SCOTT (R-FL): Well, first off, this is completely rigged. I talked to Trump last night. He is going to stand for all of us and fight like hell. Our job is to do the exact same thing.We have to be clear. We are fed up and we're not going to take this anymore. So in the Senate, we're going to do everything we can to block judicial, any appointments of the Biden administration that we can. We're not going to fund any more programs unless it is tied to public safety.We're going to start -- and we're going to make sure there is no money for this lawfare against Republicans including Trump. So this has got this has got to end, but here's the posit. You look at look at the WinRed numbers that Trump did last night, that was even after WinRed crashed.People all across this country are fed up. We are going to have a big win in November. But every Republican, every Independent, every law-abiding Democrat needs to show up tomorrow and say, this is not going to be business as usual. We are going to change the direction of this country, any power you have, do it. Change the direction of this country today. This has got to stop.WATTERS: So you're saying if there is a judicial nomination, you're not going to listen. If you're saying there's any sort of political appointee, no confirmation. That's just dead in its tracks. Nothing. That grinds to a halt.And the money, no more free money for Joe Biden for any of his BS.SCOTT: Every Republican in the Senate needs to say the exact same thing. All right, every Republican needs to say this has to stop. All right, we can't keep doing business as usual and just keep giving money to Biden, let his appointments go through.WATTERS: Yes, I agree. Everybody agrees and that's just a start.Senator Rick Scott, thank you so much.SCOTT: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Johnny hits the streets.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: Dennis Quaid says Trump may be in a-hole, but he's my a-hole. Is Trump you're a-hole?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. My a-hole is my a-hole.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)AL SHARPTON, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL ACTION NETWORK: We'll be doing this on a weekly basis. DEI is something we must have.WATTERS: Last night, Alvin Bragg disrespected Sharpton by hijacking DEI Thursday with a show trial, but PRIMETIME is not going to let anything get in the way of bringing you our favorite stories about diversity, equity, and inclusion.So we're celebrating on Friday this week. PRIMETIME PSA, if you're on a diet right now, stop. We've just been informed that dieting is racist. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: From a historical context, being fat was viewed as being unable to control yourself, being attributed savagery, which is what was attributed to Blackness.Therefore, in an effort to continue to separate themselves from fatness and this being White people and you know, slavery times. One of the things they did was say that fatness was like being a Black person and that is why diet culture within itself is racist.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Do you hear that Oprah? Weightwatchers is White supremacy. It's official.The fastest girls in the Pacific Northwest are boys. A few weeks ago, a biological male crushed the competition at a high school track meet in Portland, and now, the top girls high school runner in Washington state is you guessed it, a boy.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: On the bright side, we just found out Johnny has been wagering on these trans athletes and he's doing so well. We don't have to give him a raise.Not only do ladies have to share their track meets with men, they have to share breastfeeding. Apparently the right drug cocktail can make men breast milk.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRANS PERSON: You know it sounds crazy, but trans women can produce milk to feed a baby.After about three to five years of estrogen, you will have fully functional milk ducks from which you can feed a baby.Now normally getting pregnant would trigger milk production, but since trans women can't get pregnant, he must do it another way.Just add a few extra hormones and supplements and pump your coconuts regularly and you will start producing milk.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Here that pump your coconuts regularly, guys.I know this might surprise you. That person is not a doctor. The CDC and FDA do not approve of these types of treatments.And no DEI Friday is complete without a PRIMETIME victory, of course. We always said men and women should have separate spaces because if you don't, there's always going to be a sick freak ready to take advantage.This peeping tom in Denver thought he could snap a picture under a woman changing in the dressing room and get away with it, until the girl went Ronda Rousey on him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's a lot of people that are going to stop you, all right, so just relax.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I am not -- out here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I feel you tense. Just relax.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You are talking to the wrong person. This is why men don't belong in women's fitting rooms.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I couldn't agree more.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: "Get rekt, perv."Happy DEI Friday, everyone.After four years of chaos, Hollywood is ditching Biden. celebrities like The Rock, Patrick Mahomes, even Cardi B won't show their hands. So how much do these endorsements even matter?Johnny hit the streets to find out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: Huge election coming up in November. How do you decide who you're voting for?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The economy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Whoever tells the how it is.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think about who is better looking.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: How handsome am I, right? How handsome?BELISARIO: Actor, Robert De Niro says you must vote for Joe Biden or else.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Or else?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Or else what?BELISARIO: Or else the country is going to be destroyed.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're in great shape now, right? We're doing great.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It might be destroyed.BELISARIO: Was the country destroyed the first time?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was on the verge? Yes.BELISARIO: How?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a secret.("GOODFELLAS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)JAMES CONWAY, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: Never rant on your friends and always keep your mouth shut.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I might vote for Joe Biden if Robert De Niro said it. I'm not going to lie, he's one of my favorite actors.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If he pays me, I don't know a million dollars.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BIDEN: Where's the money?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Bring it on pal. You want -- you want or else? You bring it on.("MEET THE FOCKERS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BELISARIO: Robert De Niro walked down to the Trump trial and says Trump is worse than 9/11. How does that make you feel?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (Bleep) great. Excuse my language. Great.BELISARIO: It makes you feel great.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because he creates chaos and trouble.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BIDEN: Oh, holy god, I wouldn't have called on you if I'd known that.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Ashamed. Because 9/11 was a day I will never forget.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Don't say things that you don't understand.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, I'm not with that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How can a person that made our economy better be worse than 9/11?BELISARIO: If Robert De Niro is watching, what do you want to tell him?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe Biden sucks.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Robert De Niro. You are a piece of crap.(MOVIE VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)ROBERT DE NIRO: Hey, mind your own (bleep) business.BELISARIO: People weren't happy with Bobby D. They called him a mook. What's a mook?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Something that you want to step on? Like a bug.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A fat cow.("MEET THE FOCKERS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)JACK BYRNES, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: I have nipples, Greg. Could you milk me?BELISARIO: The Rock and Cardi B endorsed Joe Biden in 2020. But now, they won't say who they're voting for. What does that mean?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's some shady (bleep).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Maybe they are waking the (bleep) up.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That means they're voting for Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Biden's got to do some work to really get on other people's sides.BELISARIO: Is Joe Biden doing a good job?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Uhm.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's kind of confusion right there. Because that's also one of my favorite celebrities.BELISARIO: Now you're going to change your vote.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Maybe.BELISARIO: What happened to Robert De Niro?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I liked The Rock better.("JUMANJI" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)DR. SMOLDER BRAVESTONE, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: We have to do this together.BELISARIO: Another actor, Dennis Quaid says Trump may be in a-hole, but he's my a-hole. Is he you're a-hole?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I feel the exact same way.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I couldn't find a better one.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My a-hole is my a-hole.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's not my (bleep)-hole as long Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson's voted for him. Then he is my (bleep)-hole.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: I liked that question. I like this guy, I can tell.BELISARIO: Do celebrity endorsements mean anything anyway?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They might. Yes. People are gullible.BELISARIO: People sure are gullible.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)SEN. KATIE BOYD BRITT (R-AL): Goodness, you'll. Bless his heart.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Celebrities should probably stay away from politics.BELISARIO: If one celebrity could change your mind about who you're voting for, who would it be?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Jack Nicholson. He's pretty cool.(MOVIE VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: God.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it will have to be Will Smith.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If he were alive, I would listen to Johnny Carson.BELISARIO: What about Johnny Belisario?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I would do that. Yes, I want your job.BELISARIO: All right. Here you go.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Okay. What do you want to tell Jesse Watters tonight?BELISARIO: I'm Watters, and this is my world.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Jesse, Jr.'s new ride. Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Junior has got a new whip. Check out the little boy in the McLaren. Woo-hoo-hoo. That ain't even street legal. Doesn't have his license, doesn't care. Look how happy that is. Just over a million dollars.It'll be at the Peter Chesson Car Show Sunday. Moorland Farm, Jersey. Check it out.Let's do some texts.Sir Dave from Chicago: Let's see how much Biden smirks during Hunter's trial next week.Jury selection begins June 3rd.Keith from Texas: Here's a quick history lesson. Joe Biden will be the first president to lose to a convicted felon.We'll see.Andy and Lynn -- isn't that sweet -- from Pace, Florida: Anybody noticed there were no riots. Not even the mostly peaceful type.Scott from New Castle, Pennsylvania: I used to be a professional wrestler. If you get into a steel chair fight, just make sure you don't get hit. Trust me, they don't feel good.Told you wrestling was real.Howard from Prince George, Virginia: $52.8 million, I think I just leaked a little.That's all for tonight. "Hannity" is up next, and always remember, I am Watters and this is my world.