(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: we are out of time!Thanks to Paul Mauro, Vince August, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Evening, everybody. I'm Kevin Corke. 8:00 p.m. Out West, 11:00 here in Washington, and this is America's late News, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You started calling just as George Floyd was murdered, and there was a reckoning on race.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It doesn't matter whether you're black, or brown, or white, or whatever the hell color you are, it doesn't matter. We are all Americans.BIDEN: To be a black man who loves his country, even if it doesn't love him back in equal measure.TRUMP: This is like a love fest -- love fest, to love fest. We love you.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Breaking tonight, a stark comparison of the campaign's this week, one clearly focused on division, race, and fear. The other, unity, love, and patriotism. But the question tonight is which is resonating more with voters.Meantime, the liberal media and Democrats not too happy with the former president entering deep blue turf.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And you describe that rally as fraught, I would describe it as fraud.REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): You know, busing people in, in order to get those donations so that he can funnel them to his legal fees is kind of his business right now.JOY REID, HOST, MSNBC: In a -- in a place he could never win. The Bronx is full of black and Latino folk, and he's not fond of those.GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): He wants to spend his time doing these made-up fake rallies and returning their support here. Be my guest.(END VIDEO CLIP)Correspondent Jeff Paul with more reaction to Mr. Trump's speech and how the 2024 campaign is heating up. Hey, Jeff.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, good evening, Kevin.The campaign is certainly heating up. And in some cases, as you just saw, people are quite simply showing up.That was the scene in The Bronx as former President Donald Trump stopped by the New York borough, appealing to many black and Hispanic voters in the crowd. He said people are losing their jobs, their housing, and immigration is at the forefront, and they'd be better off under him than Biden.Well, some Bronx residents agreed.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MARCELO BRAVO LOPEZ, BRONX RESIDENT: But the cost of living has spiraled out of control. I don't see Biden doing anything about it. And also, there is an influx at the border that needs to be dealt with, and I think that Trump is meant to do it.PAUL (voice over): Meanwhile, the Biden campaign was busy today releasing two new campaign ads attacking Trump. One featuring the voice of actor, Robert De Niro, where he says, "From midnight tweets, to drinking bleach, to tear gassing citizens, to staging a photo-op. We knew Trump was out of control when he was president. Then, he lost the 2020 election and snapped.QUENTIN FULKS, PRINCIPAL DEPUTY CAMPAIGN MANAGER FOR BIDEN'S RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN: When Donald Trump was president, he told Americans to inject bleach during one of the worst pandemics of our lifetime. He has continued to double down on his extreme rhetoric, embracing political violence, and we're going to highlight that.PAUL (voice over): However, just one day after former Republican presidential candidate, Nikki Haley, said she would vote for her former rival. Donald Trump was asked if there is any room for her on his team.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is there room for her on your team? Or better yet your ticket?TRUMP: Well, I think she's going to be on our team, because we have a lot of the same ideas, the same thoughts. I appreciated what you said. You know, we had a nasty campaign. That was pretty nasty, but she is a very capable person, and I'm sure she is going to be on our team in some form. Absolutely.(END VIDEOTAPE)PAUL (on camera): Haley, despite calling Trump unhinged, said she would vote for him. But some are paying attention, Kevin to the fact that so far, she hasn't said she would endorse him. Stay tuned.CORKE: Stay tuned, indeed. Jeff Paul, thank you. We'll see you again in just a few my friend. We want to continue the conversation now with Fox News contributor Steve Hilton, and Media Research Center T.V. contributing writer, Stephanie Hamill. I want to begin with you, Stephanie, and I want to have you listened to this soundbite.This is actually Kristen Holmes over at CNN, terrific reporter. She is talking about that rally we all had a chance to see and listen to. I'm going to get your reaction after this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KRISTEN HOLMES, NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT, CNN: Turnout is certainly much larger than the Biden campaign would like. Donald Trump is making the play for minority voters, particularly black men and Latino men. That is something that we know that Donald Trump, one, sees some opportunity with, but also, two, as you showed in that recent polling, there is some movement there, and they really believe they can syphon off these minority voters from Democratic groups.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Trying to syphon off votes from the Democrats. Is that how you saw this rally?STEPHANIE HAMILL, CONTRIBUTOR, MEDIA RESEARCH CENTER: That is not how I saw it. I saw him speaking to potential voters and speaking to people who are really concerned about the economy. Some of the videos that I saw, were some people who were explaining that they actually voted for Joe Biden, but they were considering a different candidate this time around, because they think it's going to make their life better.And as you were talking about, there is been a difference between campaign messaging this week. And that, that the contrast couldn't be more stark. We have Joe Biden who is going around painting a picture of doom and gloom, and attacking Donald Trump, instead of talking about a vision for America, or how his policies made your life better.So, yes. The Joe Biden campaign messaging, it's not working for him. And it's actually been quite disastrous. The several speeches that he's had the last one, the White House had to do nine corrections on a speech that was on teleprompter.(CROSSTALK)CORKE: Yes, that's true.HAMILL: I mean, you can't make this stuff up. Kevin.CORKE: Steve, you got to sort of acknowledge what Stephanie said there. There does seem to be a different internality. Is that how you saw the rally, and what was your takeaway?STEVE HILTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Exactly. Well, look, if you really look at Biden, I mean, what have they got? I mean, he's a disaster, personally. His policies are a disaster. So, all they have got -- this you know, the pathetic personal insults, lies, hate, and division. And you contrast that now with Donald Trump, and you're seeing it more and more on the campaign trail in his rallies and the way he operates these days. It is positive, it is upbeat. I mean, he is now the candidate of hope and change.Remember that?CORKE: Yes.HILTON: That was a bummer. Now, it's Trump that represents that. And that's what this Democrat elitist, these divisive politicians like Kathy Hochul, they can't take it. They can't believe it. And that's why they seem so kind of patronizing and out of touch when they talk about it.I mean, she is -- she had her deplorables moment, Kathy Hochul, the governor of New York, when she talks about the clowns that showed up in her state to support Donald Trump, when you couldn't get a handful of people to show up to support Biden in New York.CORKE: Yes. Hochul also would that quip about blacks and computers -- mind boggling.I want to show a graphic here. This is the swing state, Real Clear Politics Average, 15 seconds each. Love to get your thoughts on it before we wrap up the segment.Stephanie, listen, it's Trump, across the board there. What do you think?HAMILL: Yes. I mean, these numbers are incredible for the Trump campaign. And again, the Biden campaign is really having a hard time explaining why this is that. Instead of talking about policies, and how they are going to improve your life, they are now attacking Trump supporters, not just Trump.And so, again, I think it's a bad strategy to go after people who could potentially vote for you. It just makes no sense.CORKE: Steve, too early to make too much of the polling per se. But given where we are, if you're -- if you're Trump, and his supporters, you have to like it.HILTON: Yes. I mean, it's going in the direction and the momentum is with him. And it's getting stronger. These leads are more consistent. And you're seeing this demographic change. Something really big is happening, Kevin.I mean, we haven't seen this for a -- probably since the late 1960s. With Nixon and the Southern strategy and all of that. You've got the emergence of this multiracial working-class coalition, black voters moving to Trump, Latino voters in enormous numbers, a massive turnaround. It's a huge moment in American politics.CORKE: It's huge, indeed.Steve Hilton, Stephanie Hamill. Thanks, guys. I really appreciate you spending time with us on a Friday night.HILTON: Thank you.CORKE: We'll see you again real soon.Meantime, Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito facing more political pushback tonight after the New York Times published a photo of a second controversial flag flying outside of one of his homes.The pine tree appealed to the heavens flag is historically thought of as a patriotic banner, but it has also allegedly been co-opted by right-wing nationalists in recent years. At least that's what the leftist are arguing.Chanley Painter has more on Alito's new flag controversy for us tonight. Hey, Chanley.CHANLEY PAINTER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL OVERNIGHT ANCHOR: Hey, Kevin.It's all part of the nearly, nearly -- the flag and Justice Alito's home, is well -- so --Sorry, I don't have the right script --CORKE: You know what, sorry about that, Chanley. We'll get back to you when we get a chance.In the meantime, we will get perspective on this. Again, apologies for Chanley there. We want to get perspective tonight from Washington Times legal affairs reporter and attorney, Alex Swoyer -- very good friend of mine, as is Judicial Watch president, Tom Fitton.OK, let me just sort of unpack what Chanley was basically going to talk about, which is this idea, Alex, that, you know, sometimes these things are co-opted, sometimes the left will sort of just say they are co-opted, and then, you're sort of on the defensive.Is that what you're saying play out in this particular circumstance, and it's up for the -- listen, the justice, he's got a life, he's got a wife, he's got a home, he's may have more than one home. Is this much to do about nothing?ALEX SWOYER, LEGAL AFFAIRS REPORTER, WASHINGTON TIMES: Well, we didn't hear the same people complaining when Justice Ginsburg called Trump a faker and then didn't recuse from any of the cases that involved Trump. So, yes, it seems a little bit one sided.The timing, I also think is suspect. We have two January 6 cases. One involving Trump's immunity before the court with opinions expected by the end of June.(CROSSTALK)CORKE: Yes.SWOYER: And then, also the obstruction case, involving hundreds of January 6 defendants and whether that charge will go forward or not. And it couldn't be a read that the left thinks that they are going to lose these cases.CORKE: Right.SWOYER: And that's why we're seeing this now, this push, this call to get Alito off of those decisions.I have -- I also have to note that -- so this is like the end of the term, right?CORKE: Yes.SWOYER: There just few weeks away from all the opinions coming out. And this seems to be what we see each term. So, right now, this is Alito last year, if you recall, it was Justice Thomas.(CROSSTALK)CORKE: Thomas.SWOYER: And issues over ethics there. The year before that, we had the leak of the Dobbs' opinion. So, it's just seems like, you know, par for the course.CORKE: Good stuff. Tom, your thoughts?TOM FITTON, PRESIDENT, JUDICIAL WATCH: Well, the left thinks the American flag is controversial. So, it's no surprise that a revolutionary war flag created by George Washington's folks would be seen as controversial by the left. I don't even understand what they mean that somehow, because he has an old revolutionary war flag, he has to recuse himself from many cases, when that's just Alice in Wonderland thinking.CORKE: Right.FITTON: And it's naked intimidation. And it's dangerous because this isn't just about recusing the justices from cases. This is about illegal protests outside their home, and -- which is a violation of federal law to try to intimidate him.And on top of that, we've had previous protests led to potentially an assassination of Kavanaugh.CORKE: Kavanaugh, sure.FITTON: There was an attempted murder attempt on Kavanaugh and his family.CORKE: Yes.FITTON: So, this attack on the Court is not only anti-constitutional, it's potentially dangerous.CORKE: I want to share something from foxnews.com. This is about Hunter Biden's defense team questioning, who actually filled out the key gun form. Obviously, this is a major case that we are following here.Hunter Biden's defense attorney Abbe Lowell, seemed to telegraph a key element of his defense strategy in a Delaware federal court, Friday, about who exactly filled out the key federal gun form in question in the case. It was revealed in court Friday, a gun store employee, Gordon Cleveland, helped Biden fill out the physical form that day." Is that dog going to hunt, Alex?SWOYER: Well, I think when you're a defense, you need to look at what you can call into question. I think it was also that he held on to the form for 11 days.CORKE: Right.SWOYER: There was some question there. It will be interesting to see what the judge allows to come in, what isn't allowed so far. I think it's a Trump appointee overseeing this case. And the decisions have been very fair what you expect, going so far as saying the drug incident when he was in the Navy and then was discharged that can't be let in. Although, we're talking about him using drugs, it's relevant in the case.She says, no, it goes too far, it has to be centered around the time of the form. I think that's very fair. That's protecting a defendant's Sixth Amendment right.Whenever I was looking at the coverage of this, I thought how different it is from what we're seeing in New York, in the hush money trial.(CROSSTALK)CORKE: In New York. That's absolutely right. Stormy Daniels and all that, other foolishness. Tom.FITTON: Hunter Biden is going to be able to put onto the defense.CORKE: Yes.FITTON: And he is going to be treated fairly by Court. It's very unusual in these political cases that we've seen previously, because they've involved Trump and people around Trump, very different standards. Hunter Biden, ironically, is going to get a fair trial up in Delaware.Of course, the real scandal is that it would never have happened, unless the corruption at the justice department was caught up in, in terms of trying to cover up this another Hunter criminality was called out by whistleblowers, pressure from Judicial Watch, Congress, and the Court, in this case, the judge up in Delaware, saw this plea deal as being a racket and shut it down.CORKE: I'm glad she has talked about that real quick, plea deal in the offing possibly. No?SWOYER: I don't know. Maybe one of the other things, if you recall that he has the tax case.CORKE: That's right.SWOYER: You're right.CORKE: Yes.SWOYER: And that's been pushed to September. One of the things I'm looking at is, is it going to go in towards the election? Is it going to be pushed back? Does that have any impact whatsoever on what voters think of Biden?CORKE: Your thoughts -- plea deal?FITTON: No. And if I were Hunter, I'd be asking why did the FBI and Justice Department thinks so little of this case that they waited as long as they did to pursue it? And he'd have a fair point.CORKE: You know what, there is so much happening now legally around the -- not just the presidential candidate from the Republicans, but also the umbrella of the Democratic candidate as well. It's an interesting time, I think for everybody, Alex and Tom. Thank you so much, and we appreciate that.FITTON: You're welcome.CORKE: Congressional lawmakers considering sending an invitation to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address a joint meeting of Congress. As you can well imagine, most Republicans are all for it. But there is actually quite a bit of division among Democrats.Senior congressional correspondent, Chad Pergram has that tonight from Capitol Hill.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Fractures over the Middle East war tear at the Democratic Party. Democrats accused Republicans of trying to exploit those divides over the war, and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. TROY NEHLS (R-TX): I would love to see, Netanyahu come over here and address Congress. And it would be interesting to hear what he has to say.PERGRAM (voice over): But House progressives, objecting Netanyahu, speaking to Congress.REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): It's probably one of the most disturbing things, I think Congress can do is to have Netanyahu come.PERGRAM: What concerns you about that?OMAR: It's just unconscionable.PERGRAM: Yes.OMAR: Somebody who is currently -- his crimes are about to be prosecuted by the ICC. Why in the world would we invite him to address us?PERGRAM (voice over): Netanyahu addressed a joint meeting of Congress in March of 2015. But views about Israel and the makeup of House Democrats shifted since then?REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): I think that our central goal should be to establish a lasting peace and a permanent ceasefire. And I don't think that we should be rewarding individuals who are not focused as focused or committed to that aim as U.S. -- as the U.S. administration is.REP. BRAD SCHNEIDER (D-IL): She is wrong because Israel is our most important ally in the region.PERGRAM (voice over): Illinois Democrat Brad Schneider is Jewish, and one of the most ardent supporters of Israel in Congress.SCHNEIDER: I think, everyone should come and hear the prime minister. If they can. But, you know, we have too many people in Congress who have closed their minds on a whole number of issues.PERGRAM (voice over): Some Democrats would prefer to hear from someone else altogether.REP. GREG MEEKS (D-NY): It would have been more appropriate for the Speaker to allow President Ruto of Kenya to have and to speak to a joint session of Congress.PERGRAM (voice over): But the head House Democrat insists, there is no chasm over the Middle East.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): The divide is overstated. It's nothing but puppies and rainbows on the House Democratic Caucus side.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): An appearance on Capitol Hill by Netanyahu serves as a flashpoint. It could threaten to cleave the Democratic Party even more ahead of the election. On Capitol Hill, Chad Pergram, Fox News.CORKE: Thanks, Chad. Let's talk about the increasing political impact here in the U.S. of Israel's war against Hamas, with former Army Special Forces Green Beret, who trained with the IDF. Derrick Anderson joining us tonight.Derrick, I'm really appreciative of your time here tonight. There's so much I want to get to, but I want to begin by playing a little sound and get your reaction. This, the House Speaker Mike Johnson and Congressman Jim Himes talking about this invitation for Bibi Netanyahu -- your reaction on the other side?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): We will soon be hosting Prime Minister Netanyahu at the Capitol for a joint session of Congress.This will be a timely and I think a very strong show of support to the Israeli government in their time of greatest need.REP. JIM HIMES (D-CT): I think it's a terrible idea, right? Why is the prime minister who presumably should be focused on freeing the hostages and prosecuting this war, hopefully, in a more humanitarian fashion -- why is he going to take two days to come serve the Speaker's naked political interest?(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Talking about a real contrast there, Derrick, what say you?DERRICK ANDERSON, FORMER ARMY SPECIAL FORCES GREEN BERET: Yes, that's an understatement, Kevin.CORKE: Yes.ANDERSON: I mean, let's be honest here. I support this. I think Netanyahu should come, not only address the House, but I think he should try to get a meeting with the president -- and President Joe Biden.Right now, we've seen President Biden equivocate back and forth on his support to Israel. You know, one moment he gets in front of the camera, and he says, you know, I'm all in support of Israel 100 percent.CORKE: Yes.ANDERSON: But then we see the actions that happen this past week. And we see President Biden and his U.N. Ambassador sending condolences to the president of Iran, the Butcher of Tehran.This is absolutely ridiculous, especially, if you consider the timing. Right now, we are the week before Memorial Day weekend. This should be the time that we should be celebrating and honoring our service members that paid the ultimate sacrifice, and President Biden, his U.N. ambassador, are instead offering condolences to the same organization, the same country that was involved in Iraq, when they were manufacturing and sending over EFPs that cost the lives and limbs of so many of our service members.So, again, I absolutely think we should be bringing Netanyahu to the House. And I think he should absolutely be meeting with President Biden with some questions.CORKE: I have to admit, in my conversations just past the camera there over on Capitol Hill, there are a lot of lawmakers who are quite surprised, and I think that putting it mildly, by the White House's reaction to this and the way they feel like Bibi Netanyahu has been treated by the President of the United States and this administration.I want to share this. This is a statement from Israel's Prime Minister's Office and Foreign Ministry. This is a joint statement talking about the International Court of Justice. "South Africa's accusations against Israel at the International Court of Justice in The Hague regarding 'genocide' are false, outrageous, and disgusting. Israel has not and will not carry out a military campaign in the Rafah area that creates living conditions that could lead to the destruction of the Palestinian civilian population, in whole or in part."Strong statement there. Is it enough to assuage some of the fears?ANDERSON: All we're seeing with the ICJ right now, Kevin, is they are rewarding the bad behavior of Hamas. Right? I think that they continue to forget that. It was only eight months ago that October 7th happened,CORKE: Yes, that's true.ANDERSON: And that we had thousands of Israelis that were killed, murdered, raped, all of the above. We had hundreds of hostages taken. In fact, we still have roughly over 100 hostages that Hamas is still keeping in Gaza. And we just saw this past week that the IDF found some of those hostages, unfortunately, but underneath of a U.N. building.So, the ICJ really needs to think twice about their comments into Israel. And, look, Netanyahu and Israel have a right to defend themselves. We have to stand with Israel 100 percent. And, you know, I was a Green Beret. I was in the army, I deployed to places like Iraq and Afghanistan.CORKE: Right.ANDERSON: I can tell you 100 percent, when we had our enemies against the ropes, we didn't take, we didn't stop, we kept punching. In the same, we did the same thing. Americans in the United States Special Operations Forces did the same thing in Syria --(CROSSTALK)CORKE: Right.ANDERSON: -- when we are trying to take out ISIS. We got them on the ropes and we took them out. And now, ISIS is no longer the organization that it used to be.CORKE: Derrick Anderson with us tonight. Derrick, thank you so much. Appreciate it. Have a good weekend, my friend. We'll talk again real soon.ANDERSON: You too, Kevin. Thank you, always.CORKE: You bet. Coming up. If you are traveling this weekend, buckle up. Experts are warning, it will be one of the busiest starts to summer, in two decades. That stories coming right up.And later on in the "NIGHTCAP' partisan identification becoming more important in picking, you know, lifelong partners.A new Monmouth poll is out and a surprising number of Americans say they would care if a family member married a Republican or a Democrat. So, we wondered tonight, would you care if a family member, you know, married somebody from the wrong side of the political spectrum?Let us know on Instagram and X, @tracegallagher, @foxnewsnight. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CORKE: Welcome back, everybody. 27 minutes after the hour now. Close to 3 million people passing through airport checkpoints on Friday. And what TSA officials say is likely to be the busiest day of air travel this Memorial Day weekend.Now, fortunately, the weather has mostly cooperated throughout the U.S., although, more than 6,000 -- I said, 6,000 domestic flights have been delayed today. Really, frankly continuing a trend that has forced passengers to wait for it pack their patients all week. Sorry, Mary Pat (PH).This week, our very own Bill Melugin has been covering a frankly a disturbing trend down at the southern border. Illegal immigrants from dozens of countries pouring into California, and in the process representing a potentially, some would argue, substantial threat to the homeland.Jeff Paul, back with that story for us tonight. Hey, Jeff.PAUL: But yes, Kevin. Gone are the days where Texas sees these big numbers of migrants coming across the border. For now, it's the San Diego Sector, where most migrants are choosing to cross. And as we learned this week, in many cases, they aren't from anywhere near the region.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Where are you guys from? What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pakistan.MELUGIN: Pakistan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We -- Turkiye.MELUGIN: Turkey?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: Turkey. OK.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: To Turkey.MELUGIN: Turkey.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Turkey.MELUGIN: Turkey?Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ecuador.MELUGIN: Ecuador?Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India (INAUDIBLE).MELUGIN: India, India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: All India?PAUL (voice over): Now, just last month, U.S. Customs and Border Protection reported more than 37,000 apprehensions in the San Diego Sector. That's up more than 10 percent compared to the month prior. Migrants say the San Diego Sector is often the easiest and safest area to cross.But it's who's crossing now, that is also changing. Border Patrol at the San Diego Sector reports they have encountered people from 67 different countries just last week alone.MELUGIN: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pakistan.MELUGIN: Pakistan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: How did you get here?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Just -- I crossed the border.MELUGIN: I know you cross the border. Where do you fly into? How did you get here?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I came from the Brazil.MELUGIN: From Brazil. OK.Why did you come to the U.S.?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For the job. For the -- for work.MELUGIN: You want to work. You know it's illegal to come here across the border like this, right?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: Not a big deal?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No.PAUL: In New Mexico, Texas DPS helicopters captured this chaotic scene. Border Patrol is trying to stop smugglers from breaching a border fence. That's when agents arrive, try to get the ladder they're using down, and they are then pelted with rocks, bottles, and even dirt. Fox also obtained a letter today from House Judiciary Committee Chairman, Jim Jordan, that's addressed to DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. It's regarding the attempted breach of the Marine Corps base at the Quantico by Jordanian Nationals.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: The Congressman is demanding the Jordanian Nationals immigration history, dates and times of entries into the U.S., and what information CBP officials had during the screening process. Kevin.CORKE: J.P., thank you. See you again in the "NIGHTCAP." I want to bring in former Daily Mail, Washington Bureau Chief and U.S. Political Editor, David Martosko. I want to share this very quick sound, David. This is the Governor of the state of New York, Kathy Hochul, she's talking about, she's basically blaming the GOP for more or less derailing a border bill that the Democrats supported listen to what she has to say. I'm going to get your reaction on the other side here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): Let's shut down the border right now. We have an influx of people that is unmanageable and unsustainable in the state of New York and in other states as well. The Republicans know that if we can, if they do this, it'll be a win for Joe Biden. Just examine what that's all about and happen again today. Something that's good for America.JAKE TAPPER, CNN HOST: I think a number of Democrats voted against it too.HOCHUL: Right. Something that's good for our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: She sort of elided past the difficult part of what Jake Tapper said that some Democrats actually supported that too, your thoughts?DAVID MARTOSKO, WETACLASSICAL HOST: Well, first of all, what she said at the beginning sounds like it could have been part of a Trump speech from eight years ago.CORKE: Yes.MARTOSKO: Shut the border now. It's unsustainable. Why New York, though? Why does it bother her so much? And that's because every American city right now is a border city. We've got hundreds of thousands of people being given free lodging, and food, and medicine, and education.And a lot of people who have done this the right way, a lot of immigrants, people of color especially, are looking at this saying, wait a minute, where's mine? How come I had to do this and it's so hard? And so, this is going to be a major political issue in the cities. This is why Trump went to the South Bronx yesterday.He understands that when you're angry about something, you want to actually act. When you're, when you like something, you want to talk about it. But anger and outrage are more acute motivators than peace, love, and understanding.And so, I think Republicans rightly, now they want to motivate people of color who did these things the right way and came to the United States legally, and say, don't you hate this?CORKE: You know what, and not just the people who've come to the country the right way, but also the Native Americans, people who've been here for generations, they're saying, hey, wait a minute, my family's been struggling, I have relatives who are struggling, and yet, it's seemingly, these cities, like New York, for example, are doling out cash and housing and all sorts of benefits for people who don't have a legal right to even be here.Meanwhile, we're here in Chicago going, hey, wait a minute, what about us? I want to share this really quickly. This is from the San Diego Union, Alexandra Mendoza. The headline, David, is "Shifting migrant routes make San Diego the new hotspot for illegal border crossings. But migrants continue to come, particularly through remote areas of the border near Jacumba Hot Springs, where migrants slip through gaps in the fence or find ways over or through the barrier.Then, they wait in the desert for Border Patrol to pick them up, process them, and then release them into San Diego County. In April, they came from all over the world with very few from Mexico or Central America." What a real change, especially when you think about what our perception was of illegal immigration not so long ago.MARTOSKO: And the hundreds of them from Iran, by the way.CORKE: Wow!MARTOSKO: This is not -- I mean, this is scary stuff.CORKE: Yes.MARTOSKO: And remember it took fewer than 20 Saudis, yes, and so it's just going to be a matter of time before something really, really horrible happens. And I don't think it's just Republicans who are scared of this. I do think Democrats mostly are scared of it. This is why you're seeing Chuck Schumer right now play politics with this resurrecting the border bill. I think by the end of the summer they're going to quiet this down and recognize that voters aren't going to just put their heads in the sand and look away. This is a big problem. This and basic economic issues, kitchen table economics, those are going to be the two big drivers. And the angrier people get, I think the more we're going to see Donald Trump rising, especially among constituencies that he normally does very poorly.CORKE: I think we're already seeing that, especially in the polling, as we continue to take a closer look at it. David Martosko, my friend, thank you. I'll see you in the "NIGHTCAP" a little bit later.Coming up, a historic agreement that will change college sports forever. Really! We're going to tell you all about it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CORKE: Welcome back everybody. 39 minutes after the hour now. Revenue sharing coming to the NCAA and the nation's five most powerful major conferences. Meaning, student athletes are just about to maybe, just maybe start getting paid directly for their athletic endeavors. Chanley Painter returns with that story for us tonight. Hey, Chanley.PAINTER: Hey, Kevin. It's all part of a nearly $2.8 billion settlement of a class action anti-trust lawsuit by college athletes. It's a historic step for a more professional model for college sports. So, if it is approved by a judge, the agreement would allow colleges and universities to pay athletes directly for playing sports through revenue-sharing plans.And it also calls for paying damages to thousands of former and current athletes who say the now-defunct NCAA rules prevented them from earning endorsement money. In a joint statement, the NCAA, M5 Conference reps wrote that, "This is an important step in the continuing reform of college sports that will provide benefits to student-athletes and provide clarity in college athletics across all divisions." Well, Nick Saban, one of the winningest coaches in college football history, had this to say on "SPECIAL REPORT" in March.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NICK SABAN, FORMER FOOTBALL COACH: I want the quality of life for student- athletes to be the best it can be and I think they should have a seat at the table and I think it needs to be, you know, equal across the board so that a school that can afford more can't create an advantage for themselves just because they have more money to spend.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAINTER: Well, NCAA leaders are also looking to Congress to pass legislation that not only shields it from future anti-trust lawsuits but also enable it to develop compensation rules to prevent athletes from becoming employees. And Kevin, the results of this litigation could impact hundreds of schools across the country as early as fall 2025.CORKE: Chanley, thank you so much. We'll have to see how your Razorbacks react to all that.PAINTER: Ooh, pig suey.CORKE: Yes, indeed. Let's get some insight tonight from the host of Let's Go! podcast with Tom Brady and Larry Fitzgerald, Fox News Contributor and one of my real heroes, Jim Gray. All right, buddy, I want to get your thoughts after I listen to just a little bit of Paul Feinbaum, a guy you and I know very well. This is from "First Take." He's talking about the significance of this particular rule. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAUL FEINBAUM, AUTHOR AND COLUMNIST: This is the most significant day in the history of the NCAA because the sham that the NCAA has always been is over. They have always fought on every mountain to defend the right that this is really amateur athletics, when we've all known that has not been the case for a long time. This isn't really to further "student athletes," so to speak. This is to prevail and preserve their own ability to continue to be in existence.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: I have to admit, I'm kind of excited about it, but maybe I'm looking at this the wrong way. What do you say there, Jim?JIM GRAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it's been a bad system, like Paul said, and it's been a bad system for a long time in the NCAA. The only reason that they got to this point is because they were forced to reform. They were forced to reform by the court system because they wouldn't do it themselves. So, the whole thing has really been, as he said, it's just been a sham. And now finally it's come crumbling down and it's come crumbling down so much so that they're paying out $2.7 billion in a settlement.It was either that or go out of business. So, they'd rather stay in business and try and circulate once again as some form of an entity but now everybody's on the hook here and it's retroactive and thousands upon thousands of athletes are finally going to get paid. You know they've been exploited for a long-time, and they were exploited without representation. So, I think the next thing that you're going to see is representation, agents, and then you're going to see a union.CORKE: I kind of want to call Ed O'Bannon tonight and just get his thoughts on this. I mean, can you imagine what he's thinking right now? I want to share this. This is a Florida softball coach Tim Walton. He says, my greatest fear of all this is what we're asking for. What is that going to do to all the sports on every campus? What's it going to do to some of the programs that were relying on their conference and the NCAA for money? What's that going to do? Are they dropping programs? Are they dropping sports? Unintended consequences, Jim. What might happen?GRAY: Well, I think one of the intended consequences had been unintended and unspoken in the past. These are not student-athletes. Now, they are athlete-students. OK, they're not there for the education. They're there for the participation in athletics. So, now, it's just come out. And really what we're going to see is the minor leagues for professional football, professional basketball, and that's a great concern.What happens to all of these other sports that were funded? This doesn't mean that the money's going away. The money's gotten greater. Television networks are paying more and more. And this NIL, you know, that was a system that was put into place a short time ago, and with that now, these players are getting paid, but now it's going to be everybody. So we're going to have a free-for-all here, and if they thought that they had, you know, renegades before, just wait until this takes off.CORKE: In 15 seconds left, is this a rich get richer circumstance here, Jim? Or is this leveling of the playing field?GRAY: Well, it depends how you define rich. Money can come from anywhere now. So, we'll just see what happens. I mean, you know, you can have boosters from any place that have a tremendous amount of funds. And now, they can spend them. And now they don't have to spend them in the shadows. You know, there's just so much that we have to wait and see. Great for the athletes, great for the student athletes now that they're going to get paid and no longer exploited, but I think we've opened a Pandora's box that none of us know what's going to happen.CORKE: I couldn't have said it better. The great Jim Gray. Thank you, my friend. Have a great weekend.GRAY: Kevin, always good to be with you. Appreciate it.CORKE: 45 after now. First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS."Earlier this week, people in Spain and Portugal got a stellar view of this brightly glowing blue comet soaring across the sky. Now, those who saw it firsthand claim it was incredible. They say the luminosity was so extreme, it was almost like standing in broad daylight as the comet passed right over. Now, according to NASA, the blue-green hues of meteors like that are caused by burning magnesium. Who knew?Meantime, rough winds and terrible tornadoes tormenting Texas residents, not even downtown Houston, was safe. Even local shoppers going about their day, they were part of the action. Take a look at the video. A storm pushing a powerful wind right into a shop, shattering windows. Houston also saw significant power outages. Crazy day down there in Lone Star State.By the way, if you have a video you'd like to show, just share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.All right, coming up, how'd you feel if a family member, you know, married a Democrat or married a Republican? Let us know on X Instagram, @TraceGallagher, we'll read the best responses next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CORKE: And welcome back everybody, we are with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Jeff Paul, Chanley Painter, Derek Anderson, Stephanie Hamill, David Martosko, and Alex Swoyer.Tonight's topic, party preference. Partisan identification becoming more important in picking, you know, lifelong partners. There's a new Monmouth poll out showing 41 percent of Americans say they would care if a family member married a Republican. 35 percent say they'd care if they married a Democrat.By the way, both numbers up 10 from 2014. So, would you care if a member of your family married somebody from the wrong side of the political spectrum? Stephanie, what do you think? Stephanie Hamill. Not there. All right, how about Derek Anderson?ANDERSON: Hey look, Kevin, I kind of like mixing it up a little bit. You know, my family, they say don't bring religion and politics in there. I kind of like mixing it up to make the Christmases and the Thanksgivings and the family dinners, kind of interesting. You know, my family, we have people from all walks of life and all over the place, but I have to give a shout out to my grandpa, Ray.He and I always are at the family dinners and at the Thanksgivings, and we always give each other the side-eye and we're like, let's go ahead and just start it. Let's start the fire and get this thing rolling. So, we're not afraid, we'll let it roll.CORKE: I love it. Alex, what about you?SWOYER: I think it's great to have diverse opinions. I married someone that votes very differently than I do, and our families have welcomed each other. We often celebrate our Thanksgiving together, and it's just even more lively.CORKE: David?MARTOSKO: Oh, yes. I'm in a politically mixed marriage. I haven't had a first date since 1993, so it's working. But I'll tell you also, the best part is we've raised two wonderful kids, and they always heard both sides of everything at the dinner table and honestly she helps keep me honest, and I think I do the same for her.CORKE: Yes, they side with mom. All right, Chanley, what do you think?PAINTER: I have no problem with it. We can always agree to disagree.CORKE: All right, Jeff?PAUL: Hey man, good peeps is good peeps. You know, the only thing I don't like to be around is closed-minded people, so just be able to listen. You don't have to agree and not get in a fight. That's great to me.CORKE: Steve Hilton, what about you?HILTON: Yes, I agree. I agree with the idea of different views. Like when I was growing up, most of my friends were on the left, so I'd be happy for this. But there is a limit. If it was one of these screaming, keffiyeh- wearing, Gaza kind of people, I don't want that.CORKE: OK, here's what our social media followers said. We asked them, would you care? On X, 36 percent said, yes, I'd care. 45 percent said they'd care, on Instagram, so basically not many people. How about -- let's take a look at some of our responses tonight.AME says, "No Democrats in my house."How about Patsy, "Politics change, love is forever, hopefully."C. Sperling, "I did and it didn't turn out well," ouch.Katie, "It's all about who makes them happy, not who their partner voted for, aw," how nice.Charlie says, "No, just make interesting conversations at the dinner table." Charlie, you're crazy.Dr. Houman Hemmati, "I've seen too many families collapse because of political misalignment, and that's tragic." I always say, don't ask, don't tell.Thank all of you for helping me out tonight on the "NIGHTCAP," and thank you for spending time with us on a Friday night. I'm Kevin Corke in for Trace Gallagher. He's back next week. In the meantime, have a wonderful holiday weekend.