KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS HOST: You got a big week coming up, guys. We'll see you tomorrow, but for now, Greg Gutfeld is next. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes. Yes. Thank you. Thank you for that well- deserved applause. Happy Thursday, everyone. Today, Joe Biden held a press conference with the President of Kenya. Biden said, the event was great and it was even better to catch up with Barak.A new poll from the Hollywood Reporter ranks the most trusted TV news anchors by network. And guess who was number two at Fox? Yep. Hold your applause. 51 percent said, they trusted me a lot or some. The other 49 percent said, I never trust a guy that handsome.But, the Hollywood Reporter had me ranked at number two as most trusted, which clearly means the folks at the Hollywood Reporter have never seen this show. Who knew -- who knew jokes about poop would land better than an Iranian helicopter? The same list ranked Jesse Watters 10th, it's the first time he's ever been at 10.Oddly his hairpiece scored even lower, narrowly beating Joy Reid's. Kilmeade ranked lowly 8th as most trusted, narrowly beating out an Iranian helicopter. But, he also (inaudible) out Steve Doocy, who ranked 9th? That's going to do wonders for the chemistry of Fox & Friends.If I ever Kilmeade, I'd get a food taster on set for the next cooking segment. Anyway, Hulu is launching a new dating series called, Virgin Island, where young attractive singles who claim they've never had sex will seek to change all that. I liked it better when they called it Epstein's Island.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It can't be too soon, he's dead.GUTFELD: Yeah. Or so we think.TYRUS: Yeah.GUTFELD: According to researchers, potato plants possess a form of intelligence that allows them to interact with their environment in sophisticated ways. Except for some potatoes who get fired from CNN. I know, a New Jersey gym owner who defied government-imposed COVID restrictions has been cleared of all charges, prompting one New Jersey man to ask, what's a gym?You people, like, you're all terrible. All right. So, she had a chance to nail Fauci, instead, it's a skirt that made her grouchy. So, what would you do if you had one of the architects of the COVID-19 lockdown sitting in front of you? Besides, strangling him with a dirty N95 mask?What would you ask him if he had to answer your questions under penalty of perjury. Personally, I want to know how Anthony Fauci makes such delicious cookies while operating out of a tree. Or maybe I'd asked about the pandemic lockdowns that didn't work. The businesses shuttered. The years of school learning lost. The masks that didn't work or the vaccines that may or may not have.Point is, Congress had a chance to nail these clowns. And like stormy Daniels, they kept blowing it. Dr. David Morens, Senior Adviser to the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, appeared before the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability yesterday. He's accused of getting around Freedom of Information Act requests by deleting emails and using a personal account.That's a big no, no, or at least it's supposed to be. After all, this is a federal agency, not an Ashley Madison account. The FOIA is supposed to keep the government honest and transparent. Just like the freezer bag, they store Biden in overnight.It's supposed to inform Americans about how our taxes are being spent. Because, creating a biological super weapon -- weapon should come with a little transparency. It's like, when I negotiate at the Bunny Ranch, I want to know exactly what my money is buying. But Fauci and his underlings covered up their communications like it was Dana Perino's crack habit. You didn't know?TYRUS: No.GUTFELD: Well, to get around FOIA, they broke the law. That's not my opinion either. That's what Morens himself put in writing, quote, the FOIA are dreadful and paranoia inducing. We're all smart enough to know to never have smoking guns, and if we did, we wouldn't put them in emails. And if we found them, we delete them.Well, nothing like putting in writing how you avoid putting stuff in writing. That email as more smoking guns than an NRA family picnic. So, that's a confession to a federal crime. Eddie's bragging that breaking the law is just part of government culture, like stealing office supplies are weaponizing the DoJ. But, these are your saviors, folks.So, Congress had this clown dead to rights. They had a direct confession written by his own hand that an entire branch of the government has been violating federal law as a matter of course. And what did they do about it? Here's Mariannette Miller-Meeks, Republican Representative from Iowa, questioning Morens.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARIANNETTE MILLER-MEEKS, REPUBLICAN REPRESENTATIVE, IOWA: Dr. Morens, I can understand how very difficult it is for you to be here. You've had an illustrious career. You went to undergrad and medical school at a very prestigious university, you're dual-board certified, which is not an easy thing to do, to have dual-board certification. So, can you tell us just, very briefly, how difficult is it to get into medical school, especially in the 1970s and 1980s?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Wow. Someone's getting flirty. Illustrious procedures and then dual-board certification. My God, he's like Doogie Howser, but old and not gay. I hope she keeps going. I wonder, was it easy to get in med school?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MEEKS: Was it easy to get in med school?DAVID MORENS, SENIOR ADVISOR TO THE DIRECTOR, NIAID: Pardon?MEEKS: Is it easy to get into medical school?MORENS: Oh, it's never easy. And particularly for somebody like me, when I applied to medical school, the only science course I'd ever had, was 9th grade general biology.MEEKS: And, do you know what alpha omega alpha is?MORENS: I believe that's an honorary -- an honorary, like fraternities or society for medical students.MEEKS: National Medical Honors Society, is it easy to get into alpha omega alpha?MORENS: I don't believe it is.MEEKS: Is it more prestigious to get in, in the third year or the fourth year?MORENS: I don't know.MEEKS: OK.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: So, now we're asking about fraternities. What is this? The dating game? What's next? Hey, what's the strangest place you've ever made whippy? Mind you. OK. She gets five minutes to grill him. So, what she asked next?MEEKS: Do you know what a kilt is?MORENS: A kilt?MEEKS: Yes, sir.MORENS: K-I-L-T? Like a Scottish kilt?MEEKS: Yes.MORENS: Yes.MEEKS: OK. And do you know what a pteruges is?MORENS: Say again?MEEKS: It's a Roman garb. Such as Roman soldiers were sort of like a skirt.MORENS: I don't -- I don't think I know that word.GUTFELD: There's no real reason why you should. Pteruges? That's P-T-E-R-U- G-E-S. Pteruges. He didn't realize it was going to be a spelling bee. Where's the 12-year old Indian kid when you need him?Remember, this is a congressional hearing about the government's response to COVID-19, which happened in 2020, not the year 20. Then for some reason, Miller-Meeks starts reading out her resume to remind him of how smart she is. After which, she started ranting about skirts.MEEKS: Well, I left home at 16 to put myself through medical school. I was the last person entered my medical school class at the University of Texas in 1982, the last person. By the third year, I was 12 out of 214 students alpha omega alpha in the third year. I think merit is extraordinarily important.A pteruges is a skirt. A kilt is a skirt. I don't think William Wallace was any less a hero in Scotland because he wore a kilt. Nor do I think Roman soldiers were any less fierce, intelligent or strategic because they wore a skirt.GUTFELD: Yeah, me neither, I guess. But now, I see where this is going. And it has nothing to do with COVID, it's sexism, which is in yet another ism that trumps everything else that matters.MEEKS: So, I'm having a hard time understanding why, in 2021, I would have expected it when I was in medical school in 1982. But why in 2021, and I can understand the embarrassment of having personal emails shared, but you were doing work-related stuff on your personal emails that you would have commented in an email.Dr. Fauci got Rochelle Walensky her job as CDC Director by lobbying for her to Ron Klain. Well, she does wear a skirt. I poured a little cold water on her, but he was undeterred and thinking that she is the Kat's pajama.GUTFELD: Oh, oh. She's going to go off on Kats pajama now, isn't she?MEEKS: So, let me just say, am I the Kat's pajama? Do you know how many women sit on this Subcommittee? You know what it takes for any of these women to get elected to Congress? Because I find your comments to be disgusting.You had an illustrious career, an amazing track to get to where you are. You're trusted with one of the highest positions in government to combat public health crisis, and instead of doing your job, you're too busy worrying about avoiding FOIAs, and challenging someone's position because they happen to wear a skirt.GUTFELD: So, after millions are dead, businesses and livelihoods destroyed, what gets this lady's (BEEP) in a twist is the skirt you were over it. Now, she's almost at a time, surely, she's going to ask something useful that Americans might actually be curious about, right?MEEKS: You should be ashamed of your character and embarrassed. I'm glad that you are and you should, in fact, apologize to this Subcommittee, to Congress, and to our nation. With that I yield.MORENS: May I apologize to you and the Committee? It's a misogynistic statement. And, you know, it was the same snarky joking stuff. But, let me say, I've been in --MEEKS: Sir, that's not a snarky joke. That is an underlying behavior that indicates how you approach women and how you think of women. And it's disgusting.GUTFELD: No. You know what's disgusting, you dummy? That this is how you chose to spend our time and our money. I think, I speak for all of us. Thank God you're in government and can hold men accountable for their cheesy emails. Maybe, after this you can blow the lid off on who left the toilet seat up in the Senate bathroom.What a missed opportunity. Never mind the cover up, the deletions, the lives ruined, civil liberty violations, and students who can't count to 10 if you spot them four through nine. Sure, these bastards lied to us and covered up their misdeeds, while we all suffered for their dishonesty and incompetence.But, their real crime was making sexist jokes. We're probably never going to get the whole story about the COVID-19 disaster, and this cretin isn't helping. And it has nothing to do with gender. You don't need a set of balls to keep your eye on the ball.That a COVID liar on the ropes, but left the questioning to dopes. Let's welcome tonight's guest. She's covered more athletes than Tinactin; former NFL sideline reporter, Michele Tafoya. He can fillet a fish and pansy as liberals, Chef in restaurants, Andrew Gruel.She's written twice as many books as Sylvia Plath; New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. And I hope he doesn't get murdered because the police would run out of yellow tape; New York Times bestselling author and comedian and former NWA Champion, Tyrus.Michele I'm sorry, I had to play all that tape. But, I blew a gasket watching her choice of priorities. What do you make of this as a woman?MICHELE TAFOYA, SUNDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL SIDELINE REPORTER, NBC: As a woman, and I'm wearing pants, by the way. You know what? I'm glad you played all of that, because I didn't get to see all of that. And now that I have, I want to get her out of that Committee and out of Congress, and out of government.What a freaking waste of time and energy, and focus. I mean, you've set it all there. But, that was embarrassing of to focus, and she even said, it must be embarrassing to read your personal emails. So, yeah, --GUTFELD: Why are you doing?TAFOYA: Why are you doing it? Not -- and not to save him any embarrassment? I don't really care. Although, those are private emails. He can say whatever he wants. I found another one he wrote. Beverage is always good and best delivered by a blonde nymphomaniac.That was also in one of it. Now, you know, whatever, there's nothing to do with COVID. You can be disgusted by it all you want, but her responsibility there is to use our tax dollars, and to get freaking answers. And as she got into the skirts and like kilts and all that is just absolutely beyond me. I am speechless.GUTFELD: Kat, just the fact that she took time to manufacture this whole moment doing her resume, and if it was something about sexism, but this is about men and women who died.TAFOYA: Yeah.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. Right. It's also so shocking that a corrupt liar is also kind of a perv. The blood -- the blood nymphomaniac thing, he wants to be served drinks by a blonde nymphomaniac is everywhere. I care a lot less about that, and the fact that, he's a major reason why none of us were legally allowed to go get drinks anywhere.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: At all. I -- do you remember how bad that was when places were illegal? I would have gladly been served a drink by a castrated bald ogre. That meant I could leave my (BEEP) apartment and go somewhere. And I was one of the lucky ones, I didn't lose my job, I didn't lose my business. I didn't die, if you haven't noticed.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: So, I mean, of all the things to focus on, yes, the guy's a creep, but, usually people who are just corrupt, horrible people, they don't care about the destruction of people's livelihoods and lives, and care more about their own, whatever (BEEP) they're peddling, yeah, there probably going to be a perv tail.GUTFELD: Yeah. Andrew, I mean, you had businesses during COVID, they were probably likely affected. This has got to get on your skin, given what Kat said about all (BEEP) we went through, and this is what she focused on.ANDREW GRUEL, AMERICAN CHEF AND TV PERSONALITY: Yeah, I mean, two years of the worst pandemic in the world, then that 22nd video is what almost killed me.GUTFELD: Yeah.GRUEL: But, could you imagine being married to this lady? You come home and it's like, do you know applause Jesus? No, I don't. Did you leave the cheese jar open? I did to your room, like you went poopoo on the rug. I mean, this is absurd. It's unbelievable. But, the thing is, we've been lied to this entire time.And this is really emblematic of the way in which the government is going to actually try and, you know, or I should say, rather, the low TGOP, even though she's a woman.GUTFELD: Yeah.GRUEL: But still, I mean, they're not going to do anything about this. We've been lied to. And the real thing we need to take away from this is, what are they lying to us about right now?GUTFELD: Yes.GRUEL: Right. Let's, you know, let's really look into it and pull that little gem from it, because we're being lied to.GUTFELD: Yeah. Tyrus, what was even sad and painful? Was that he was being set up and you see him smiling when she was (inaudible) him up?TYRUS: Listen, Listen. I don't -- I don't -- you could take all the names out of that. That's pretty much every kitchen table. When your wife finds out you have a (BEEP) account. It's pretty much across the board, where you know where this is going. And she's taken the long (BEEP) road because she can, because you're caught.And you're -- all you're doing is trying to find a way to get out and plead to a lesser crime, why she lays the stats out. Like, I've been there a million times at this one. Whenever they got so much evidence, they want to sit you down. Yes. I'm talking about women.And they sit you down, they start laying out the tracks. At some point, given his age, cut out the middleman, and be like, yeah, I talked about women, and sometimes, I did all myself. Just get it out. Because this all that -- that long (BEEP) drive she took us on, I was like, yep, she has your history, bro. Just -- just kill yourself and get over with.GUTFELD: You know, it's like -- it's like -- it's like a guy burns his house down, and the wife set -- looks at the burned house and goes, you have (BEEP) account.TYRUS: Yeah. Yeah, did you -- but she just was so proud that she had them.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: She didn't take the time to actually get him, because that would have been in 30 seconds. Nice emails, jerk. Now, let's get to what how many people you heard.TAFOYA: Yeah, exactly.TIMPF: It would have been a good (inaudible).TYRUS: It would have been a good (inaudible)GUTFELD: Yeah.TAFOYA: Yeah.TYRUS: But she had to let everybody know how great she was.TAFOYA: Oh, that was the worst.TYRUS: Would you say third or fourth year? If I was you, the best time to graduate. And she knows I didn't graduate. So I'm like, I don't know either one. I don't know.Well, how about I get it in three years? (CROSSTALK) because I love to chase football and I didn't come back. I'm sorry. You're smart. I'm not. You're attractive. I'm not very good looking. People like you. Everyone hates me. Can we go? That's what this is. This is a joke3.GUTFELD: Yeah. All right.TYRUS: Make real point.GUTFELD: We got to move on. Trump gets some love from a former gub.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)She talked trash on the stump and now she backs Trump, it's true Nikki endorses the man with a bright orange tan. And her first public speaking event since dropping out of the Republican Presidential race, Nikki Haley announced her support for Donald Trump in the general election, shocking everyone from Donald Trump to Donald Trump Jr. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, FORMER GOVERNOR OF SOUTH CAROLINA: As a voter, I put my priorities on a President who's going to have the backs of our allies and hold our enemies to account, who would secure the border, no more excuses. A President, who would support capitalism and freedom.A President who understands we need less debt, not more debt. Trump has not been perfect on these policies. Biden has been a catastrophe. So I will be voting for Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I haven't seen a 180 like that since Joy Behar tried walk past a salt lake. Now, Nikki support is better late than never. But, it's a far cry from this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HALEY: Everybody talks about the economy they had under Donald Trump. It's good, right? But at what cost? He put us $8 trillion in debt in four years.President Trump was incredibly reckless with our national security. Donald Trump had a rally today. In that rally, he mocked my husband's military service. If you mock the service of a combat veteran, you don't deserve a driver's license, let alone, being President of the United States.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Man or defense when she said those things, she had her fingers crossed behind her back. But, we've seen this before, right? Remember when Kamala Harris called Joe Biden a bigot, and then, in months became his Vice President, and on call, night nurse.It's like the old saying, politics makes strange bedfellows, although in Joe's case, bedpan fellows. Andrew, is this basically when you see her before, politics just makes people awful people, and then, they have to come around and be back to normal? Like, I have to say, awful things about you, and then, when they lose, they become your best friend.GRUEL: And they know they have to do this, that's what's hilarious about it, right? Because she knew what -- every single time she was making those speeches, that's ultimately she was going to endorse it. Right?GUTFELD: Right.GRUEL: Because everybody made the pledge. So, why would she say those stupid things only to have them held up in front of her to begin with? And her delivery when she was doing the endorsement, I thought she was going to vomit.GUTFELD: Yeah. Yeah.GRUEL: She kept stopping like, oh.GUTFELD: Yeah. It was markedly different from before. It wasn't -- I wouldn't call it rousing.GRUEL: Yeah. And the thing is, though, we all know, right? Nobody's going to trust her. She's like a gas station burrito at this point. Looks great on the outside, but it's going to give you irritable bowel syndrome.GRUEL: Still doesn't stop me from taking a bite.GUTFELD: Tyrus?TYRUS: Yes, sir.GUTFELD: So, do we like Nikki now?TYRUS: I always like Nikki. And I find nothing wrong with policing our own. We should hold each other to a higher standard. We should check each other on every damn thing. Because, that's the only way you can get changed. You can complain about what a Democrat's doing? Like, they're not even the same hemisphere in terms of thought, and stuff like that.So, I want tough. I want someone to challenge our President, I don't want someone to expect on our party. I don't want someone every time, if he does something wrong, be the first one to call him out. Because that's only when we get better as a party. So, again, she's not excited about it. But, it was a question.It wasn't like she -- that was her speech to come out and endorse President Trump. I kind of feel like an endorsement when they're standing next to each other. And she says those things, and then, you really got to see, and he's cool.His hair is neat. I don't like him, but -- the alternative is somebody drooling in a microphone. But, real quick, I was really offended the last segment. I can't let it go. But I'm half Scottish.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: OK. It's not the Black side. It's the other side. And the whole kilt thing, I can wear a kilt to work anytime I want to, because I have the pedigree to do so. I'm going to have to do this, because I'm just offended that she was trying to say that, you know, kilt somehow affected your medical practice. I could bet that I could get my medical license in 20, 35 years, tops.GUTFELD: Kat, isn't it a typical woman to always change the mind?TYRUS: Well, let's go.TIMPF: She had to do this.GUTFELD: Yes, of course.TIMPF: She had -- of course, and what else was she going to do? Be like an anti-Trump War-Hawk Republican? I can't do that. Liz Cheney already took that cake. Right. No. There's -- that's already been done. So, I mean, that's -- that's, like, OK, sometimes, politics is the reason people do things. And oftentimes, if that person is a politician, that's what they're doing.GUTFELD: Yeah, exactly. I mean, this -- I'm not surprised by this at all. But, what could be really surprising Nikki as VP?TAFOYA: Well, that could be surprising. And you mentioned the whole Kamala- Joe thing. Remember, when she went on with Fallon after he named her -- And he's like, but you call them because she's -- it was a debate.GUTFELD: Right.TAFOYA: It was debate. It was a debate. And Fallon laughed along with her and everything was hunky dory after that. So, I mean, this is typical. You got to shred your opponent when you're competing with them. And then, you got to do the 180, and which is what she's done. But, it does make this interesting. Now Trump has come out and said, she's not under consideration. But, she's a very popular person.GUTFELD: She's got 20, what -- 15 percent to 20 percent of support that he -- he could use?TAFOYA: Yes. So, that will be really -- I mean, I don't know who is she.GUTFELD: She is no Doug Burgum.TAFOYA: Well, come on, North Dakota.GUTFELD: That's the thing that worries me about this is that, the Democrats want him to pick Doug Burgum. That bothers me. So, if they -- I think they would be more worried about her, you know.TAFOYA: Oh, totally. I don't --TYRUS: Tim freaking Scott. Hello. You got a girlfriend for this.TAFOYA: Fiance.TYRUS: Yeah, he got engaged.TAFOYA: Yeah.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: He was excited. (inaudible) Tim Scott.GUTFELD : Tim Scott.TYRUS: What's all this Haley talk when we got Scott who's going to be polite and nice to President Trump. He's like Mike Pence with all the White.GUTFELD: Yes. All right. Up next, can Charlamagne save the Biden campaign?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Our view on "The View".(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: They wanted to put words in his mouth but instead the whole mess went south. This week "The View" hosts demanded that radio host Charlamagne tha God profess his loyalty for Joe Biden lest he vote for someone else and immediately cease to be black. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Charlamagne, now is not the time, in my opinion to sit this one out.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, RADIO HOST: I didn't say that. I never said I was sitting it out.Why do you need us to say this if we don't feel comfortable saying it?WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, "THE FIVE": It's not that we need you to say it, but I think other folks need to hear --CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: The reality is I think both candidates are trash, so because I'm -- but I am going to vote in November and I'm going to vote my best interest who I think can preserve democracy. When you look at somebody like President Biden, it feels like his base is pretty pissed off at him for a number of reasons.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Help him out. Help him out.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Help him out by doing what?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: There are so many ways to help Joe out. You can puree his food, make sure the stage is free of deadly sandbags, polish his walker, steam clean the Oval Office carpet, proofread his last will and testament, find him a new corner, book his next autopsy.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Because if you vote for Joe Biden again, someone is going to have to clean up this mess.Tyrus, shouldn't he have done what every guy does when a woman demands something and just lie? Go I'm going to vote for him.TYRUS: I'll give him credit, but here's the problem. Whoopi Goldberg made a little subtle statement to him -- other people need to hear it. She wasn't talking about the audience and the crowd, because that whole thing they go back, because the left thinks they control Hollywood. And if somebody isn't anti-Trump, you're not getting movies. Your little radio show could go away. So you're going to come on here on this platform. We support you. We're the ones who allow you to be on TV with your less than funny content. So if you are not willing to be on the team, guess what's going to happen?And that's what that is. That's how they threaten you guys for a long time. The dynamic has changed, and the Democrats misjudged the feelings. They started too soon and now everyone is tired of their -- so what he's supposed to do is come on TV as a black man, he's sitting in the big chair on "The View", and say what he supposed to say, which is I'm team Biden. I'll vote for Biden or whatever. And he didn't do that. But he wasn't confident enough in his career, in my opinion, to say I'm not -- because why his answer was I'm voting for Trump. That was the answer, because if you came on this show, and they're like, who you are you voting for, because we are supposedly Trump MAGA meat 10,000, and someone says I'm going to vote best for my financial situation. We are going to be like, so you're not voting for Trump.But Charlamagne has money. He 1,000 percent is voting for Trump because his taxes are going to be better. But this is the problem with Hollywood. They threatened him. Now watch the backlash, watch all of a sudden his numbers are going to matter.TAFOYA: But see, I thought he endorsed Biden the last time and he really regretted it. And he took a lot after it's gone to hell in a handbasket.TYRUS: And they made him backpedal and say that they're both trash.TAFOYA: Well, no, I think he doesn't want to endorse anybody, but in a way he did, because he said I want who is going to preserve democracy, and then he went on later on in the interview to say Trump ain't going to take care democracy.TYRUS: He had to. He had to clean it up.TAFOYA: Maybe, maybe, but I didn't get the sense that he was endorsing Trump.TYRUS: No, no, he's not. But if he was a man of his words, like he put od on the end of his nickname, so I would think four humans talking to you, he could look them in the face and be like, I'm not voting for Biden because of how I feel. But he won't do that because he knows the consequences, because it's changed.Ten years ago when I first started here, or eight years, ago, when we started this part, brothers would come up to me, be like, hey man, I love you on the show. You want to come on? No. Now they are like Tyrus, what it is, keep it up, keep fighting. The entire thing has changed. But they haven't realized that. And Char is not going to come out and endorse Biden because his fans are like what are you doing.GUTFELD: It's crazy. I do think, though --TYRUS: He'd be afraid, though.GUTFELD: I think, Kat, that there is a gender issue here when they're talking about people leaving parties in there. It's a lot of guys. But the problem is whenever you're in a situation here as a man, it's like women want you to vote the way they do. And that's what I think you saw there. I'm not saying you.TIMPF: Then why would you ask me a question about what it's like to be a man in that situation?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: No, because you transcend gender, Kat.TIMPF: I know, unfortunately, firsthand the kind of reactions you get when you say you don't like either candidate or you don't like either party, where people, sometimes they'll say to me, you just do that so that no one will be mad at you. It's like, no, no, no, then everybody is made at me actually. And I think what he said about we should talk more, I want to talk more about issues than people, that I actually couldn't agree more with. And I write about that a lot my new book, actually.GUTFELD: What's your new book called?TIMPF: It's called "I Used to Like You Until."GUTFELD: Where can people find it?TIMPF: TheRealKatTimpf.com. But no, it's because "I Used to Like You Until" is if you say one thing people disagree with, then you write off that whole other person. And then we wind up in a situation where we are not working together, and the more divided we are, the people who are in power over us, it's easier for them to control us when we are so divided. Look at what happened with COVID.GUTFELD: Andrew, what say you? I felt like it's like being married to a liberal woman who's been around all her liberal friends, and they are all going you can't vote for Trump, you better not vote for Trump. And the guy goes, I'm not, I'm not. But then he goes and votes for Trump.GRUEL: It's like a painful cocktail party. That was another painful clip to watch. This is tough tonight.(LAUGHTER)GRUEL: Seriously. And I also wonder who watches "The View" and I kind of giggle to myself. I'm like no one watches this. But then I get mad at myself because I wish everyone would watch this because then they would understand how disgusting it is.But here's what's going to happen, right. In the next day or two he's going to come out and he's going to endorse Biden, because he is going to get beaten up and down emotionally, verbally, possibly physically by the ladies of "The View". And it's going to happen.TYRUS: People lose sponsorships. I love the fact that, you know what, I might not ever get the big Marvel movie because I chose this path, but I sleep -- great every night. No one tells me what to do, what to think, and I still --(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: That's a good time to get out.TIMPF: Whoopi, actually, when he mentioning third parties, Whoopi threatened to beat up the people in a third party. So if that applies to me, I'd like to have her beat me up, and we can sell tickets.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Retail workers fret their jobs are no safe bet.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five words -- 80 percent retail workers unsafe. That's a clumsy statement. Kat, a recent study shows that 80 percent of retail workers are scared going into work every day, 72 percent have experienced a threat they couldn't respond to due to being understaffed in this era of high crime. Isn't it a shame that retail workers can't work remotely?TIMPF: Yes, yes. I feel like in general just because you are scared every day, that doesn't necessarily mean that everything is not OK, because I'm scared every day. Of what, I don't even really know.GUTFELD: But here in the media we don't have to worry about this --TIMPF: Right. No, because they can't do anything. They can't do anything, as that's got to be terrifying. And also you're sitting there, you're folding clothes. It's not like you have a stake in the company, right? So the last thing you want to do when you're working a job for minimum wage is also feel like you're putting your life at risk for minimum wage.GUTFELD: It's true. Andrew, if we see something going on in a store, we can leave because we are a customer. But the person, the clerk has to stand there with a psychopath. And then they show up the next day.GRUEL: And also, people don't leave. You know what they do. They film it. That's the problem right there is that we can actually step in and help out, but then we don't want to get prosecuted. And a restaurant is just like retail. We used to hire the hostess would be like somebody in high school who just wanted an entry-level job, because they're the one who greets the guests when they come in. And our hostesses get so much crap from guests now, it is a little bit scary. Now we're putting out job offers for hostesses. They have to be six-foot-seven, 300 pounds, right, and their name has to rhyme with Fyrus.TYRUS: I've got a lot of kids. I might know a guy.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I've got a jacket.GUTFELD: It's true. You know what, there's going to be big guy privilege now.TYRUS: It's always been there, Gutfeld.GUTFELD: No job for me. I won't be security.TAFOYA: You're right, there always has been big guy privilege, because my brother is that way, too. He's intimidated. But I even find just being in a retail environment, my head is on a swivel. I'm thinking who's coming in that door. You see so much of it. And maybe we see more of it on television than is actually happening, but that concept that if you are in an Apple store or if you're in any kind of any store that someone could come in with a garbage bag and just filling it up, and you are supposed to stand there and be OK.GUTFELD: It's not just media exposure. In New York it's like a 40 percent increase in retail crime. It is absolutely nuts. But they ignore the effects on the person working there. They focus on the perp, but they never actually show this clerk is going to be stuck here at the scene of the crime tomorrow.TYRUS: Or even the clerks that are attacked. The only time you see them is when they are responding to the thief running out the door, because no one cares about the victim. But more important than that, what this is doing is it's already hyper speeding up the horrible practice that's going to happen to retail. It's going to go away, because you can just order it and have it shipped to your house. And now you get workers that even when they work, they don't really work because one eye is always looking at the door or there's something to film, or they decide that they should get $45 an hour to fold a t-shirt and put it up kind of on a hanger. You know what I'm saying?So eventually retail is dying, malls are already dying. Pretty soon, why would you risk going into a store when you can order and have it sent to your house?GUTFELD: I have a great idea for an experiment for a store. One side, that's for the people who pay, and the other side is for looters.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And that way, what you do --TIMPF: Because the looters would follow the rules?GUTFELD: Yes, but if they break that law then you can really go after them. No, no, no, you can only steal over there.GRUEL: It's like Congress.TYRUS: You know what the funny part is, nobody would steal on the looter's side.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.TYRUS: They'd rob the other side.GUTFELD: But then they go, we have to let them go. OK, well, then let's divide the store even more, because that's the mentality, people think that it's OK.TAFOYA: That's just oppressed versus oppressor in the store.GUTFELD: Yes. There you go. Well done.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I was listening, even though it sounded like I wasn't. All right, I wasn't listening, Michele.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Up next, they jacked the price of your fast food vice.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Whoa, check out this chart!(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Check out this chart. Since 2019, the price of major items at fast food joints like McDonald's, Subway, and Chipotle -- that's how you pronounce it, Michele.TAFOYA: Very good.GUTFELD: Have spiked dramatically. In some cases they've actually doubled. Fries, Big Macs, and footlongs.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Burritos all costing way more than when Biden took office. And what of the Hardee's, you ask? I'm kidding, no one cares about Hardee's.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Andrew, you are in the restaurant business. People I think take, like the media makes a moral decision about this type of food. It's a different class. They don't care. A bunch of fat losers eat this food so why do we care? We've got our kale.GRUEL: The immediate response would be this is great for society because everybody is going to be eating healthier now. They all can go to Ruth's Chris and spend $100 for a steak. It's actually worse than what this chart implies because not only have the prices gone up so much, but the quantities have been cut in half. So it's really like a five-x.GUTFELD: Yes.GRUEL: But look, at the end of the day, the thesis here is that the only place you should be going out to eat is at my restaurants.GUTFELD: There you go.TAFOYA: There we go.TYRUS: And I'm working the door. Ask for Tyrus.GRUEL: And we have a beautiful young hostess.GUTFELD: Tyrus, he's right, though. They're going to just say, oh, this is great, because I don't eat it and you shouldn't eat it either.TYRUS: To that point, but it's really messing up for those who sneak eat or have an invisible friend eat with us. During a period of my life when I was eating away my sorrows, it was usually me, and then when I'm ordering the food, yes, let me get three, we'll call them happy meals. Three happy meals. Hold on, let me see what he wants. This guy, he wants a chocolate shake and --(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: --- two Big Macs. What? Oh, and a diet coke. Thanks.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Now I can't afford to feed my invisible friends, so I'm going to have to actually deal with my -- problems.GUTFELD: You I can't eat away your problems anymore.TYRUS: Not anymore. Not at these prices.GUTFELD: Yes. Michele, you don't hear about this because nobody in the media eats at these places.TAFOYA: That's exactly right, because you have the normal people -- someone wrote a column this week, the normies versus the elites. And the normal people like to eat at your restaurant I'm sure, but also at McDonald's and Chipotle, and I call it Chipotle.GUTFELD: Chipotle.TAFOYA: And they like to eat at those places. But it's not only the inflation, but it's, again, they are paying these entry-level workers so much more than they should have to, so that's raising the price as well. My son came home from the grocery store the other day. He had just a box of cereal. I won't mention the brand. But he said this box of cereal was $8.64, and it was like a small box.TYRUS: Cap'n Berry Crunch.TAFOYA: Damn it. So anyway, that's why I wore this jacket today. It looks like one of those berries.GUTFELD: Yes.TAFOYA: So yes, so the people in the media, you're right. They have their kale. They have their nice healthy food, so they don't care. And they do believe that you should stop eating this stuff. So yes, jack up the price as much as you need to. You are pricing out a major chunk of our society of being able to just go have a lunch.GUTFELD: Kat, you are a frequenter of fast food.TIMPF: I love fast food, actually.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Five dollars for a medium fries at McDonald's is insane, especially because ordering fries at McDonald's is like putting a coin in the slot machine.GUTFELD: You never know.TIMPF: They're either going to be so delicious or they're going to be so gross you're going to wish you were never born.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes. Or they'll be superhot or supercold.TIMPF: There is nothing in between. It's gambling.GUTFELD: It's gambling. It is gambling.TIMPF: Unless you order them with no salt so they have to make fresh ones, and you add the salt later. Pro-tip.TAFOYA: That's a good life hack.TYRUS: Or your invisible friend asked for extra salt.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, well, that was fun. Don't go away. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thanks to Michele Tafoya, Andrew Gruel, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)