RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: He goes to them and draws the best out of them and it is fun.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Okay. Let's just say, Trump's fun.ARROYO: He is fun.INGRAHAM: He's fun to watch and even if you don't agree with him, you're like, okay, I want to watch that.ARROYO: It's a good time.INGRAHAM: All right, Raymond, great to see you in studio.ARROYO: Happy to be here.INGRAHAM: That's it for us tonight. Make sure to follow me on Instagram, Facebook, and all the rest, or whatever they're calling it. It's America now and --JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): He's got court and the man practically has the legal version of an ankle bracelet around them, and he can't leave the five boroughs.JAMES COMEY, FORMER FBI DIRECTOR: I don't care how you feel about Joe Biden, you must vote for him.WATTERS: Progressive power and the revenge of the normies.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We have to win more. We're going to win more.FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA DISTRICT ATTORNEY: We are going to celebrate. We're going to party. The DA drinking Grey Goose in case anybody want any.WATTERS: Fani Willis keeps dancing but the music is about to stop.HUNTER BIDEN, JOE BIDEN'S SON: I probably smoked more Parmesan cheese than anyone that you know, I'm sure.WATTERS: Hunter Biden, IRS whistleblowers, and the CIA.Plus --SEAN "DIDDY" COMBS, RAPPER: I'm not playing with you, New York. I am going to give you this love. It's a love rampage.WATTERS: Hear, hear. Normies are revolting. And they want to make America normal again. Former CIA analyst, Martin Gurri, one of the good guys says we're living through a great global battle for power, a clash of classes between the normies, ordinary people who just want to work, get married and have children and get on with their lives, and the elites who wish to change everything -- sex, the climate, our history, your automobile, your diet, even the straws with which you slurp your smoothie.For them, there is no good and evil, no right and wrong; only oppressors and oppressed. Every transaction demands their intervention to protect designated oppressed groups.The elites need total control over the information sphere, because their policies on immigration, gender and climate just to mention a few aren't popular with normies. To them, normies are just a basket of deplorables manipulated by unscrupulous populists who need to be brought to heel.But no matter how much normies are censored, smeared and corralled by the elites, they keep fighting back and electing men like Donald Trump. The elites can feel it, and they're wetting the bed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: I'm torn here because I love American democracy.MIKA BRZEZINSKI, MSNBC HOST: Me, too.SCARBOROUGH: And at the same time, I hate listening to Democratic bedwetting every day. I want them to be scared so they will work harder. I want them to be wetting their bed every morning so they get up and work harder all day.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: You're seeing it from coast-to-coast, red states to blue. Soros- funded DAs yanked from their jobs. Black women yelling about migrants invading, parents refusing to let their daughters change in the same locker room as boys.Take here, from Bronx bodegas to Manhattan construction sites, to beach towns on the Jersey Shore, normies are showing up.Trump is holding a rally tomorrow in the South Bronx and Joe Biden can't even fill up a room in New Hampshire.This was the president of the United States' crowd yesterday. Does that look like a man of the people?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCARBOROUGH: Joe Biden, you know, it's never going to look like Beatlemania when Joe Biden steps off a plane going to an event. Joe Biden's -- Joe Biden is about normalcy.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: There is nothing normal about the Biden presidency -- pandemic, crime, inflation, illegal immigration, no leadership, he just lies and hides.A new Reuters poll has Biden's approval rating falling to 36 percent -- thirty-six.The revenge of the normies is even being felt in Biden's hometown of Scranton.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get a stable guy in there who knows what he's doing. A businessman who did it the first time we were doing pretty good.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I was in better shape when Trump was in office, financially making less money than I am now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We need someone fresh in office, not crooks and not old, decrepit old people.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Biden has a tendency of just dazing off and falling asleep. So who knows? Trump so far, he's on top of things.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: What you're watching is a political uprising in this country, against a class of people who have done nothing but talk down to you, if they talk to you at all. It's what our Founding Fathers would call democracy, the elites' favorite word.But when the elites say democracy, Gurri says what they mean is their democracy. Democracy only exists when they're in power.The elites are so disgusted and threatened by populism, they don't even dare debate it. It's to be exterminated from the political landscape. Populism must be criminalized. It's why they're using the judicial system this stuff Trump in a refrigerator, keep him on ice before they try to throw him in jail, so when he pops up in the South Bronx tomorrow night, it's going to drive them crazy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OCASIO-CORTEZ: He is hosting a rally to try to con people and try to fleece them out of every dollar that they have to fund his own legal fees. And by the way, he's doing it in the South Bronx, not to make a point, but because he's got court, and the man practically has the legal version of an ankle bracelet around him and he can't leave the five boroughs because he always has to be in court.And so it is truly an embarrassment to him. And I am looking forward to the response of everyday Bronxites talking about how they feel about him coming to their backyard.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: AOC admitted lawfare is an ankle bracelet to keep Trump away from normies. His connection is too powerful. There is no way AOC could get anywhere near the crowd Trump could get in the Bronx, and that's her district.She is humiliated that the Bronx wants him there and he wants to be in the Bronx. Gurri says the elites can sense impending danger, the aggressive moralizing, the embrace of bizarre ideology, the trampling of the norms, all of it is a function of panic.Democrats have lost the normie vote. All they have is scare tactics and here is the scariest one of all.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COMEY: He's going to put people in positions in those organizations. He didn't have all stars the last time, he'll have the bottom of the barrel this time, but people who will want to do his will and that should worry every American.This election matters because of a reason like that. People have to participate. You cannot sit on the sideline.I don't care how you feel about Joe Biden, you must vote for him because the consequences on the other side are too severe.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The former FBI director doesn't realize the normies hate what's become of the FBI. It's the whole reason they're voting Trump. Send him to Washington and smack the town around.No one feels sorry for crooked FBI directors, dirty prosecutors, rogue judges, and insider trading politicians. They don't need protection. Normies need protection from them.Four years ago, Biden told Charlamagne tha God if you don't vote for me, you ain't Black. Now the elites are begging the guy Biden insulted to endorse him. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HOSTIN: You say you're not going to endorse anybody. Charlamagne, now is not the time in my opinion to sit this one out.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": Yes.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, PODCAST HOST: I didn't say that. I never said I was saying sitting it out.HOSTIN: What are you going to do?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I'm definitely voting in November --HOSTIN: What are you going to do?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: But what I like to focus on is issues, not individuals, like you know --HOSTIN: But why not endorse?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Huh?HOSTIN: Why not endorse Biden?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Why do y'all need us to say this if we don't feel comfortable saying it?GOLDBERG: No, no. It's not that we need you to say it. And I think I think other folks need to hear.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: The reality is I think both candidates are trash. Because -- but I am going to vote in November, and I'm going to vote my best interest and I'm going to vote who I think you know, can preserve democracies.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Gurri predicts a political earthquake is coming and Joe Biden will be crushed on election day if Democrats keep prosecuting populism.America is ready for normal and that is only starting when we get a president back in the White House who listens to the will of the normie.Senator JD Vance joins me now. Senator, is it a normie election?SEN. JD VANCE (R-OH): I think it certainly is, Jesse. And you're seeing this in a number of ways. People are sick of the lawfare, the weaponization of their own government. They're sick, of course of higher prices, they're sick of the border, the fentanyl flowing across the wide open southern border.So on issue after issue after issue, what you have is just normal people who think like, you know, simply they should be able to send their kids to school without them being indoctrinated. They should live in a country with public safety. They should be able to go to the grocery store and not have to break their budget. Those issues are dominating this election.And it's so funny, Jesse, to see all of these people panicked about the fact that they cannot figure out how to distract from the fact that Joe Biden has been a failure. Every single clip that you showed of various MSNBC hosts and politicos melting down, it's because they want to talk about Trump's legal problems that are of course, the creation of a corrupt justice department. They want to talk about anything other than the fact that Biden has been a failure, and when Donald Trump was a president, he was a success.WATTERS: You hear James Comey whine that Donald Trump might, I don't know, punch back at the people that have tried to throw him in prison for the rest of his life. Do you think that resonates with anybody anymore?VANCE: Now, worth remembering, James Comey is the guy who identified that Hillary Clinton had broken the law a few days before the 2016 election, and now he's decided somehow that Donald Trump is the biggest public enemy.The problem is, James Comey himself presided over a Department of Justice, a Federal Bureau of Investigation that became weaponized. You know, people don't want to be prosecuted for speaking their mind. They don't want to be prosecuted for participating in the prolife cause.They certainly don't want the leader of the opposition, Donald Trump prosecuted on phony, trumped up charges that have nothing to do with justice and everything to do with politics.So when you have the leader of the FBI, who is maybe the single biggest reason why we have a weaponized justice system in this country, talking about Donald Trump as if he is the problem, the problem is James Comey, and everybody who thinks like he does.And if Donald Trump goes after that weaponized system of justice, it will benefit not primarily Donald Trump, it will benefit everyday Americans who want to be able to participate in their own country without being thrown in jail.WATTERS: I agree. He needs to look in the mirror.So today, big breaking news, Nikki Haley, who had held out for quite some time officially endorsed Donald Trump. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, FORMER GOVERNOR OF SOUTH CAROLINA: As a voter, I put my priorities on a president who's going to have the backs of our allies and hold our enemies to account. Who would secure the border, no more excuses.A president who would support capitalism and freedom. A president who understands we need less debt, not more debt.Trump has not been perfect on these policies. I've made that clear many, many times. But Biden has been a catastrophe, so I will be voting for Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So does that give you great confidence that the Republican Party, all spectrums are coalescing going into November?VANCE: Well, cheers to her saying, Jesse, that Biden has been a catastrophe because he has been, and look, my message to people, whether they voted for Joe Biden in 2020, whether they were on the other side of the Republican primary in 2024 is welcome.We need all hands on deck to defeat the Democrats and take back this country. It's just too crazy. And we want a return to normalcy.So I know a lot of people are going to attack Nikki Haley for not getting on board sooner. My attitude is we're thrilled to have Nikki Haley's support for the Republican Party in 2024, and anybody who just wants to go back to low inflation at home, peace all over the world and common sense at all layers of government, Donald Trump and the Republicans are the ticket. So please get out there and vote for us.WATTERS: All right. I think that's going to be a big endorsement for Donald Trump. Significant. Absolutely. And you need a united Republican Party in order to slay this beast.JD Vance, Ohio, is going to be a big state.VANCE: Absolutely.WATTERS: Thank you so much for coming on PRIMETIME.VANCE: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Fani, Fauci and Loverboy, ahead on PRIMETIME.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Fox News Alert: House Republicans said they have new documents that show Hunter Biden lied to Congress under oath.Two IRS whistleblowers provided docs to the House that they claim prove Hunter perjured himself at least three times.Hunter lied to Congress about using his dad's name to shake down a Chinese businessman for five mil. He lied about controlling a bank account for his shady firm. And he lied about helping a foreigner obtain a visa.Hunter's lawyer told Fox this: "Here they go again, grasping at straws and twisting Hunter's testimony to try to revive an impeachment inquiry that was a complete and utter failure."The House is also releasing a document from one of the IRS whistleblowers, claiming the CIA blocked them from interviewing Hunter's sugar brother, Kevin Morris.According to the document, and Assistant US Attorney Lesley Wolf had a classified meeting with the CIA at Langley and was told Morris was untouchable. She didn't tell the investigators why they couldn't interview Morris, but she did tell them that she picked up a mug from the CIA gift shop on the way out.Why would the CIA protect the Hollywood lawyer keeping Hunter above water? And why does the CIA have a gift shop?And tonight, we're also finding out Hunter's tax trial just got pushed back to September. His gun trial where three ex-lovers will testify still starts in June, but the tax trial we expect to run the whole month of September, right before the election, maybe into October.This is a nightmare for the Biden family and the campaign.Miranda Devine is a "New York Post" columnist, a lot of significant developments here, what do you think is the most impactful?MIRANDA DEVINE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Jesse, I think the lying, of course is pretty important when he lied under oath, but we've seen other people lie under oath to Congress and nothing has ever come of it.WATTERS: Right.DEVINE: So I am not holding my breath.I think that the CIA aspect of this is very curious. I've just been researching a book, and it seems that the CIA's shadowy hand is behind a lot of the Hunter Biden-Joe Biden influence peddling saga, both during Joe Biden's vice presidency and beyond.And you know, we've already seen that the dirty 51 letter, that dishonest letter written by 51 former intelligence operatives, most of them from the CIA, including five former CIA directors. That letter saying that Hunter's laptop was Russian disinformation, which it wasn't just before the election really amounted to election interference.And if in fact, as there is suggestion that there were active CIA people involved in vetting that letter and clearing it, then we're talking about a very serious issue where the intelligence agencies will have been proven to have intervened on Joe Biden's behalf to rig the election.And on top of the fact that here, it seems that they were trying to intervene in the Hunter Biden investigation in Delaware, on Hunter's behalf to prevent the investigators from talking to his sugar brother, who was an integral part of the tax investigation, because of course, he gave more than $6 million or lent to Hunter to pay off his tax debts and to fund his lavish lifestyle.WATTERS: Yes, and we also remember the whistleblower for the Trump perfect phone call -- such a perfect phone call -- was CIA as well.DEVINE: Yes.WATTERS: So is the sugar brother an asset? And is that $6 million he loaned a Hunter even his money?DEVINE: Very good question. And look, if he is being protected by the CIA, he must have been useful in some way. And remember that Hunter Biden himself was on the board of a CIA cutout. He was placed on that just before he went to Burisma in Ukraine.WATTERS: Which cut out was that? That charity group?DEVINE: It's called -- it's part of the NED, the National Endowment for Democracy. It's the subset of that that the Democrats are involved in.WATTERS: Wow. Very, very interesting.Miranda, thank you so much for your reporting.DEVINE: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: A few weeks ago, PRIMETIME introduced you to Joel, the violinist who had his quarter million dollar student debt erased by Biden. What did Joel do with his new financial freedom? He is flying to India for a yoga retreat.But the White House isn't just stopping with the likes of Joel. Today, Biden handpicked 160,000 more Joels, and paid off $7 billion of their student loans, including a little note that says please vote for me. What about the people who didn't go to college or the people who paid their own way? Binder says tough luck.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: What then is the White House's message to those Americans who did not attend college for a variety of reasons, perhaps, including perhaps that they didn't want to take on all the debt that went with it right now that they feel like in some form, they are responsible for allowing those who did not to pay their fair share?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: So look, here's the thing. This is a president who has been very clear about making sure that he's building an economy that leaves no one behind, right, making sure that --REPORTER: But those people being left behind are the ones who didn't get support, because they didn't go to college?JEAN-PIERRE: Well, no, but -- I hear your question, but this is -- if you look at what the president has done holistically over the past three-and-a- half years, he has tried to build an economy for everyone.We're talking about folks who are in debt who are literally being crushed, literally being crushed because they took they took -- you know, they took --REPORTER: They're not literally being crushed --JEAN-PIERRE: Financially, okay? Is that okay with you?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: What's crushing is the two-punch combination of unfairness and inflation, bribing voters by paying their debts, what does Binder call that?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: They should be given a little bit of breathing room. That is something that -- by the way, that's something that majority of Americans agree on.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: A breathing room.We know Biden hates polls, but he should probably have looked at this one before rubber stamping this new round of handouts. A majority of Americans actually do not want their money used as welfare for college grads.More PRIMETIME ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Fani Willis and Nathan Wade finally reunited.Last night, Fani Willis won her primary, threw a big old party. Here's how she kicked it off.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILLIS: It's a message that's pissing folks off, but there is no one above the law in this country, nor is there anyone beneath it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Is paying your lover with taxpayer dollars above or beneath the law? Then Fani moved on to what she loves the most.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILLIS: Right here tonight, this is a fundraising, in case you're confused.(LAUGHTER)WILLIS: If you left some money at the door, go back and leave some more, I've got two stores going on, go and buy a t-shirt because you don't need to wear it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: After Fani got paid, time to hit the bar, and you know Fani doesn't drink wine.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILLIS: Tonight, we're going to stop and smell these roses, we're going to celebrate. We're going to party. The DA drinking Grey Goose in case anybody wondering.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But the highlight of the night was when Loverboy, Nathan Wade showed up with a big smile on his face, with which he stuffed before his woman got up on stage.Last night must have been great because Loverboy had a new pep in his step and joy in his life.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NATHAN WADE, ATTORNEY: I made the statement earlier that workplace romances are as American as apple pie, right? That was not to make light of the situation. That was just to say that it could happen to anyone.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It sure can. But that's over. Now, Loverboy and Fani are just friends.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: How would you characterize your relationship now?WADE: We're the best of friends. We're great friends. Being attacked this way, the only other person on the planet who knows what I'm going through, and I know what she's going through.We communicate daily. You know, during the course of the prosecution, when I was a part of the team, we talked all the time, but we talked about the case. It was about business.Now there's been a shift in the communication and it is more about hey, how are you handling the pressure? Is your family okay?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Friends without benefits then.Trump calls Fani, Fani Wade, Loverboy's last name. Nathan doesn't like that. Is he sensitive?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WADE: I respect his right to voice his opinion. Her name is Fani Willis. My name is Nathan Wade. We are not married.Having said that, there's something special about individuals who say things just for attention, or just to get a reaction. My reaction is simply this: Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Clay Travis is the founder of outkick.com.CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, boy.WATTERS: There's something endearing about these two. I can't put my finger on it.TRAVIS: Did you see that she made him wear a credential in the first shot that you had where he was standing there at the table eating off a plate. He had a big sort of lanyard around his neck. I guess at some point they came and let him take that off.I love that this duo, has somehow turned themselves into victims when the people of the state of Georgia paid Nathan Wade $700,000.00 basically to be the boy toy of Fani Willis.And I just -- the idea that she got re-elected with ease, I guess is fantastic. I still think she's going to lose her law license over all of this and maybe she can become a spokesperson for Grey Goose because in her defense, she seems to really love vodka.WATTERS: I mean, I like Grey Goose, too.TRAVIS: But I don't know that's going to pay the bills.WATTERS: No, absolutely not.TRAVIS: I love everything about this story. I mean, it's perfect, because if you were trying to come up with the most ridiculous prosecution of Trump, it's not even going to be down in South Florida for the deadly raid where they could have killed him trying to get you know, 20-year-old papers.It's not going to be Jack Smith fumbling all over himself in Washington, DC. It's not even going to be Alvin Bragg in New York City.This is the personification of the crazy that they have brought to bear in Atlanta, where this woman I think is going to actually lose her law license, certainly lose the ability to prosecute this case before all is said and done.WATTERS: She is going to lose her law license and her dignity after all is said and done.Big day in the Republican Party. Nikki Haley officially endorsing Donald Trump. This is huge. What do you think?TRAVIS: Maybe she wants to be VP. I mean, did anybody think she was not going to endorse Donald Trump? For the last several months -- look, she should have done it a long time ago.I think, Jesse, if she had had really good advisers, they would have told her after the butt kicking in New Hampshire, let's go ahead and endorse Trump. I actually think if she had done that, I think she'd be the vice president right now. I think he would have picked her, I think that would have been a solid ticket.WATTERS: You think she could have squeezed herself onto the ticket if she had done the endorsement earlier?TRAVIS: I think if she, right after New Hampshire had come out and said the people have made their choice, Donald Trump is going to be the nominee, and it's important for all of us to rally behind him. Instead, she went and got crushed in her home state of South Carolina, then stayed on for big Tuesday, Super Tuesday got beat even worse. I think she killed her VP chances.WATTERS: All right, well we're happy that she's on the team now because we need a united party going into November. Thank you so much, Clay Travis.TRAVIS: I hope she likes Grey Goose.WATTERS: Clay Travis who will never lose a bottle of Grey Goose or his law license. God help him. Thank you.TRAVIS: So, yes.WATTERS: Southern California has become America's hottest migrant magnet. San Diego County officials said the shelter system completely overrun. Nearly 150,000 migrants had been released on the streets just since September, and they come from every corner of the globe -- South America, China, the Mideast.National correspondent Bill Melugin caught up with a group of them in the middle of the night. Here's how that went down.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, Jesse, adult men from all around the world are showing up here in sanctuary state California to cross our border illegally in the middle of the night.Take a look at this video we shot right here in her Jacumba, east of San Diego, 2:00 AM overnight as masses of predominantly Middle Eastern and Asian men crossed illegally here very nonchalant. Many of them special interest aliens meaning they are coming from countries with potential national security concerns.We talked to a lot of them. There was not a single Mexican out here. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: Where are you guys from? What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pakistan.MELUGIN: Pakistan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Turkey.MELUGIN: Turkey?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Turkey. Okay.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Turkey.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Turkey.MELUGIN: Turkey? Turkey? Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ecuador.MELUGIN: Ecuador? Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India. Sagar Baba.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India, India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: All India?Iran.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Iran.MELUGIN: Iran? why'd you come?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No freedom.MELUGIN: No freedom.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes in Iran. Iran is dangerous country. No freedom for speech, for writing, for singing, for thinking.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And we also met up with a local resident out here, Cory Gotoro (ph), former US military. He goes out and he collects all of these discarded passports and IDs that illegal immigrants drop. As soon as they cross here into Jacumba illegally, he has got hundreds of them from China, from Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, many others. Some of them are burned, cut shredded as these migrants try to destroy some of the documents to hide who they are and where they've been. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CORY GOTORO, FORMER US MILITARY: They're just dropping this stuff on the ground to come here and assume a new identity. So that's a little bit scary.With my military background and seeing the people that are coming across that male, male, male, these are all military aged males. People keep saying that. I've got the proof right here.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And if you're wondering how some of these people from halfway around the world arrived here at the San Diego border, we've talked to a lot of them using translator apps.They've told us they fly into Turkey, then they fly into Mexico. Then they take a bus up the Tijuana, then they cross somewhere in this area.Jesse, we'll send it back to you.WATTERS: P Diddy plus Wellness Wednesday, ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Happy Wellness Wednesday. PRIMETIME has always said, if your life is too comfortable, you're not living, you're dying.Modern America has gotten complacent. We sit in climate controlled boxes all day, then we drive home in a climate controlled box on wheels to another climate controlled box. We don't hunt our harvest. We have seamless dropped dinner off and we eat it on a cushioned recliner in front of TV. We've confused comfort with happiness.The heart of the human experience has always been about perseverance. You try, fail, get back up and try again. You do hard things because it's rewarding. You don't have to go out in the woods and grapple with a grizzly, but a certain level of discomfort can drastically change your life for the better.Run fast, lift heavy, learn a language, give his speech. Expose yourself to extreme heat and cold. Adversity shocks the system, it makes us sharper, it gives us a purpose and discipline.So let's get uncomfortable together.Michael Easter knows the importance of challenging yourself. He survived Alaska's most remote back country and wrote the book "The Comfort Crisis." He joins us now.All right, Michael. Tell us what it means to be uncomfortable. How can we be as uncomfortable as we can be without dying?MICHAEL EASTER, AUTHOR, "THE COMFORT CRISIS": We can go to Alaska for 30 days, like I did.WATTERS: Yes.EASTER: I think the larger message of my book, though, is that, you know, weaving discomfort into your life can be very practical and very beneficial. A stat I like to throw out is that only two percent of people take the stairs when there's also an escalator available. Yet that simple act of taking the stairs was recently shown in the study to reduce the risk of heart disease deaths by 39 percent, just the simple act of taking the stairs.WATTERS: What other little things like that can people do in their daily lives, their habits, and routines?EASTER: Oh man, we've woven comfort into our life so deeply that the steps we can take to sort of rediscover discomfort are very easy.So for example, 93 percent of our time is spent indoors, and yet we know spending more time outside exposed to the elements, walking is one of the best things a person can do for themselves. I mean, the steps are really easy. It really is as simple as going escalator or stairs, which one am I going to take? And choosing the stairs.WATTERS: All right, so walking more, getting sunlight. What else in terms of if someone is up for an adventure? We can't all go to Alaska like you, but if maybe like a weekend warrior, what do you suggest?EASTER: So there's a concept that I talk about in the book called "The Nature Pyramid." And it basically gives people a sort of prescription for the amount of time that we should spend outside in order to enhance our mental health, our physical health.It has found that basically 20 minutes three times a week is a really great dose if you live in, you know, a neighborhood and have easy access to a park. Next step is spending five hours a month in sort of more state park like nature. And then finally, at the very top of this, this is called the three-day effect. And it's found that spending three days in the back country every single year, is like this hard reset for human mental health for human physical health.And it's an awesome approachable way to get outside more and along the way you're going to have a lot of good things happen to you. And I can tell you, you're not going to regret. It might be uncomfortable in the short term, but you won't regret it.WATTERS: Alaska, here comes PRIMETIME. We're taking the show out there to the back country.Thanks so much. We love the book, "The Comfort Crisis." Let's get uncomfortable, buddy. Thanks again.EASTER: Thanks for having me.Time for Watters' Cooler. Let's bring in Joe Concha.First topic, Concha. The NFL's best kicker, Harrison Butker became the media's newest punching bag after telling female college graduates, they're probably excited to fall in love and have families, so controversial.Now, Patrick Mahomes; his coach, Andy Reid, and even the commissioner are backing him up. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PATRICK MAHOMES, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: I judge him by the character that he shows every single day, and that's a good person.ANDY REID, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS COACH: He has his opinions and we all respect that. I let you guys in this room and you have a lot of opinions that I don't like.ROGER GOODELL, NFL COMMISSIONER: They have a diversity of opinions and thoughts, just like America does.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Diversity of opinions and thoughts. Is that in DEI?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: No, it absolutely is not in DEI.You've got to love it. They all champion free speech. And Mahomes and Reid particularly talked about how the Chiefs locker room is like a family and you're going to have disagreements, but then they're on the same team. They all respect each other.But this was such a stupid controversy, Jesse. It reminds me of during the Black Lives Matter hype when that was big in 2020.And you had people literally getting fired for simply writing on Twitter saying, no, I think all lives matter. Oh, that's racist because I think all people are created equal, all races?WATTERS: All lives matter. You're fired. Clean out your desk. What?All right, people love to bet on everything from sports, horses, cards. Mom, you owe me 50 bucks.CONCHA: Yes.WATTERS: It's no surprise that people like to make money on politics. They're called election betting markets.Trump is at an all-time high in the betting markets right now. And this week, the Biden administration ordered all betting to be banned on elections. What a coincidence.CONCHA: Yes, they're not happy with the point spreads they are seeing lately.WATTERS: It's a big one.CONCHA: The Alvin Bragg trial started I think, in late April, and at that time, the sports betting markets had Biden as a slight favorite.WATTERS: Okay.CONCHA: Today, Donald Trump is up 17 points. That's a three-possession game, Jesse. His highest ever in all three elections.WATTERS: Wow. Do you think it has everything to do with the trial? Or is it something else?CONCHA: It's the boomerang effect from the trial because it's not like he's been campaigning all that much. He had some sort of big policy announcement. It's what's happening in this show trial and people don't like the weaponization of the justice system.WATTERS: A 17-point spread. That's a big one.September, New York City Mayor Eric Adams gave Diddy the keys to the city, remember?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COMBS: Key to the city. Yes, yes, yes. I am coming in and got it with (bleep). I'm not playing with you New York. I'm going to give you this love. It is a love rampage.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But after everybody saw Diddy beating up his ex, Adams wants the key back.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: We're going to take the next steps. My heart goes out to the young lady who was assaulted. All of us are disgusted at the video, seeing something of that magnitude.But we want to take the process. We've never removed the key from anyone before. We want to make sure we do it right.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: What is do it right mean when you go get the key back from Diddy?CONCHA: You declare -- you need to give this back now.If you look up hedging in the dictionary, that was Eric Adams, that statement was the example, but I loved when Adams gave Diddy the key in September 2023. You want to hear the money quote. "The BAD BOY of entertainment is getting a key from the city from the bad boy of politics."WATTERS: Oh, no.CONCHA: No Mayor, you're just bad. And literally no one has ever called you the bad boy of politics.WATTERS: Except himself. All right, well, now Concha and I are going to bet on Trump in the election markets before they shut it down.CONCHA: Yes, good idea.WATTERS: Let's go do it.CONCHA: It's like Colts-Jets.WATTERS: Breaking news on Fauci's deleted e-mails. Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Anthony Fauci's righthand man was caught deleting records about the origins of COVID and using secret back channels to avoid FOIA requests. Hmm.Fox News senior national correspondent, Kevin Corke has the latest -- Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Jesse, this is something else.A top adviser at the NIH, that of course is the National Institutes of Health, deleted records critical to uncovering the origins of COVID-19 and then apparently used a "secret back channel" to help Dr. Anthony Fauci and another federal grantee that apparently funded gain-of-function research in Wuhan, China evade transparency, that according to Congressional lawmakers, who believe that this senior adviser, Dr. David Morens, improperly conducted government business from his private e-mail account.Sound familiar?He also apparently solicited help from the NIH's FOIA office to dodge records request, according to the e-mails that have been put out by the House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic. That 35-page memo also suggest Dr. Fauci took part in a "conspiracy among the highest levels of the agency to hide and potentially destroy official records regarding the origins of COVID-19."This is Dr. Morens in one e-mail, April 21 of '21. "There's no worry about FOIAs. I can either send stuff to Tony on his private Gmail or hand it to him at work or at his house. Fauci is too smart to let colleagues send him stuff that could cause trouble."Subcommittee Chairman Brad Wenstrup of Ohio, a Republican called the 30,000 pages of e-mails deeply concerning, said they reflected poorly on Fauci's leadership. Others have suggested Dr. Morens may have even broken the law.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. BRAD WENSTRUP (R-OH): On May 13, 2021, you wrote that you connected a reporter to Dr. Fauci via your secret back channel. What back channel did you have for Dr. Fauci?DR. DAVID MORENS, ANTHONY FAUCI ADVISER: All of these terms like secret back channel, and the other one you mentioned were just jokes.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: "Just jokes," but he did write that and he said back channel -- secret back channel, in fact.Morens who is currently on administrative leave, in another e-mail, February 24th, said he partnered with the staff to "hide e-mails." He said, I learned from our FOIA lady how to make e-mails disappear after they'd been FOIA'ed. Plus, I deleted most of those earlier e-mails after sending them to Gmail. Basically, my Gmail is safe from FOIA as long as we use my private e-mail." He said, "I ask both of you that nothing gets sent to me except to my Gmail."Wow.Then in June may be feeling the tightening noose. He admitted that he and Dr. Fauci deleted e-mails regarding EcoHealth Alliance, once quote, "the s***hit the fan," adding that --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WENSTRUP: Did you ever send information related to COVID-19 to Dr. Fauci's personal e-mail?MORENS: I don't remember if I did, I may have, but I certainly told him some things that he asked me to tell him about.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: I don't know, I don't remember. Now, what's more, the e-mails, Jesse also appeared to show that the NIH's Office of General Counsel instructed the agency's underlings to ignore FOIA requests even though they were lawful. Wow.WATTERS: "Shh hit the fan."CORKE: Yes.WATTERS: That's an understatement, Kevin. Thank you so much.CORKE: I'll say.WATTERS: They want to spray my yard with mosquito chemicals that will kill all of them, but I heard that it's going to kill me, so is it worth losing a year off my life so I don't swat flies? I think you know the answer.Let's do Tim from California: I am a normie. Hear me roar. Will you roar with me?Nice try.I'm Watters, this is my world.