(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time. Thanks to Kevin O'Leary, Joe DeVito, Timpf, Tyrus, studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE) I am sober (INAUDIBLE) go home now.PROTESTERS: Lock him up. Lock him up. Lock him up. Lock him up. Lock him up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Go to jail. Go to jail.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's convicted criminal. It's a fact, F-A-C-T.(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's time for dancing in the streets.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Breaking tonight. Brand new reaction to Donald Trump being found guilty on all 34 counts of falsifying business records. The verdict, no surprise, being celebrated by the left. But supporters of the former president have a much different take.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When you first heard it, what was going through your head?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh my god, I almost fainted. This disgusting. I'm telling you man.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What they do into this man is disgusting. It's disgusting. It wouldn't happen to no one else.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE) how's it going to change my mind?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: In fact, the verdict appears to be igniting the Trump base even more. The campaign says the digital fundraising system is overwhelmed. But the former president appears to be unshaken by the outcome vowing to continue the fight all the way to the ballot box.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This was a rigged disgraceful trial that the real verdict is going to be November 5th by the people.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: We have Team Fox coverage. Matt Finn with how the verdict might impact the presidential election. But we begin with Nate Foy. He's live outside the New York Courthouse with more on the unprecedented conviction. Nate, good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trey. So, you just saw the emotion outside the courthouse but inside the courthouse when that verdict was read. Former President Donald Trump showed no emotion whatsoever. He is now a convicted felon pending an appeal for falsifying business records to unlawfully influence the 2016 presidential election. But you saw Trump's stoic after court today.He's already turning his attention to November in this year's presidential election saying this at the court.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This was a rigged disgraceful trial. The real verdict is going to be November 5th by the people and they know what happened here and everybody knows what happened here. You have a source back, D.A. and the whole thing. We didn't do anything wrong. We'll keep fighting. We'll fight until the end and we'll win.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: So, Trace, as for what comes next. Trump has 30 days to appeal. It's unlikely that he'll go to jail because Trump has no criminal history. And these are nonviolent crimes, but jail time is possible. Trump faces up to four years for each of the 34 counts. But under New York law, the maximum sentence for this level of felony is 20 years. Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg reacted to the guilty verdict after court tonight. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALVIN BRAGG (D) MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY: I did my job. Our job is to follow the facts and the law without fear or favor. And that's exactly what we did here. And what I feel is gratitude to work alongside phenomenal public servants who do that each and every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Trump attorney Todd Blanche challenged the jury's verdict, but Judge Merchan declined his motion. Blanche said the only way the jury could find Trump guilty as if they believe the testimony of Michael Cohen. Blanche claims that Cohen lied on the stand during this trial. Cohen has admitted to lying several times under oath. He's the only person directly connecting Trump to the Stormy Daniels deal.So, as we look forward, Trump's sentencing hearing is on July 11th. That's just four days before the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee. So, after spending 23 days in this courtroom now, Trump has already as you mentioned, Trace raising money off this conviction and he can turn his attention back to politics. We'll send it back to you.GALLAGHER: Indeed. Nate Foy live for us outside the courthouse. Nate. Thank you. Let's bring in the co-chair of the America first Policy Institute's Center for Law and Justice, former Florida attorney general Pam Bondi. Former DoD Chief of Staff Kash Patel along with criminal defense attorney and federal litigator Vik Bajaj. Thank you all for coming on. Pam Bondi, to you first. Jonathan Turley said this earlier. I thought it was fascinating. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It's not good precedent. And I think that when people perhaps some who are celebrating tonight, and the celebrations are occurring all around us, I think that some may look back at this and wonder what we've done. Because there's great damage here.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Great damage here. How much damage does this do? How much trust is lost in the U.S. Justice System, Pam?PAM BONDI, FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Trace, the tremendous amount of trust is lost in the justice system tonight. We all know that and this judge has committed reversible error every step of the way. Throughout this trial, I'm convinced, I think all lawyers are convinced it will be reversed. But, you know, Trace the American people see through it. DonaldJTrump.com shut down today because the internet crashed because so many Americans were donating and it's back up and running now.And people were patient. And so, people see what's happening around this country and what happened to him. But I fully agree with Professor Turley in what he said. It's a sad day for our justice system.GALLAGHER: Meantime, Trump Attorney Todd Blanche said this to Jesse Watters earlier.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TODD BLANCHE, ATTORNEY FOR DONALD TRUMP: The district attorney says that this type of case is bread and butter that they do these cases all the time. That is not true. That does not happen all the time. That doesn't happen all the time in Manhattan, that doesn't have to happen all the time in any jurisdiction in this country.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, Kash Patel. Bread and butter? I mean, this is so unprecedented. It's just amazing there he would say that.KASH PATEL, FORMER HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: It's shockingly unconstitutional, Trace. It's great to be with you. And I'm here to announce on your show, a measure that I'm working with Congress that should be Congress's bread and butter. And I'm calling for the subpoenas to be issued to Judge Merchan's daughter's company who made $15 plus million from the illicit information pouring out of her father's courtroom.I want to know the bank records because money doesn't lie here. I want to know how deep it is and how much of it went to the family and how much of it is going to the family after this false conviction. And then we need to investigate the FTC actual violations that this judge and his family conducted because he should never have been overseeing this trial to begin with, because of the illicit campaign money that was flowing through there.And the unconstitutional due process violations are only the beginning. So, America is calling for accountability of their judicial system. And Congress is the only lever that has it. And I'm hoping for one or two brave members of Congress that I'm talking to, to issue those subpoenas ASAP.GALLAGHER: Yes. And Vik, I mean, the judge came under a lot of focus on this thing. I mean, it was one of those things where in the world of Alvin Bragg, in this case, you didn't even have to have one crime. You could pick up a kind of a buffet of crimes. There were three crimes there. And any one of those would get your conviction.VIK BAJAJ, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Translating what you're saying through the lens of a criminal defense practitioner, what you're really saying is there's a violation of due process. Defendants have a right to proper notice. What are the charges? Who are the witnesses? And in this case, the judge allowed witnesses to be disclosed to the defense at the very last moment.Similarly, this judge allowed jury instructions to go to that jury to say, hey, if you feel he is guilty, we'll fill in the blanks. We really don't need to know how you get there. Just fill in the blanks. It's really comical when you have the frightening sound of a prosecutor who has immense power over the citizenry in that area, say it's not force or fear or favor. We just let the law fall, you know, lead and we followed it.The reality is favor was the horse in the lead and they found a way to go back to statements from 2017. Don't forget and bolster that underneath of felony charge to bring this case to a very biased court.GALLAGHER: Yes. Somebody said today that Alvin Bragg wants dangerous criminals protected and political opponents jailed. Kash, would you agree with that assessment?PATEL: I'd say just look at the facts. Donald Trump is their political opponent, and they've been chasing Donald Trump since Alvin Bragg was running for office. Him and Leticia James actually campaigned and fundraise off the fact that they were going to prosecute and convict Donald Trump. Letitia James also hired Judge Merchan's wife to work as a prosecutor in her state attorney general's office.So, they have completely weaponized the system of justice and done away with the rule of law. And one of the most irreversible errors that I saw occur in this courtroom violating due process was this judge gave a jury instruction that literally left the bottom of the envelope blank and said, you don't have to find unanimously beyond reasonable doubt w what the underlying felony is.You just have to find that you think he committed a crime. That is automatic reversible error, but these people don't care because all they want to do is weaponize justice and take a victory lap.GALLAGHER: Pam Bondi, is there a feeling that the Democrats stepped across the line here?BONDI: Oh, of course they did. And again, Americans all over this country are -- have been donating the Web site crashed. And American see what's going on, Trace. You know, you said the bread and butter at that Alvin Bragg said that of what he did. That's not true. That's not what that office does. That's not what the function of that office should be. It should be prosecuting violent criminals.The crime on the subway. I believe there was a stabbing just before the verdict came in. Yet half of NYPD was there protecting the courthouse not by choice. And, you know, all of these prosecutors were in there watching the trial instead of prosecuting, that should be their bread-and-butter violent crime in New York City. Yet it wasn't it was going after a political opponent, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes. Vik, Kash, Pam, standby for one second. We're going to get back to you in moments. Meantime, another big question facing the nation tonight is what impact today's historic verdict we'll have on November's presidential election. Matt Finn is live with more on the political fallout. Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, Trump left the courthouse after his guilty verdict today appearing brother stone face saying this was a rigged trial, in part because the judge would not grant a change of venue. Out of Deep Blue Manhattan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This was a rigged disgraceful trial. The real verdict is going to be November 5th by the people. And they know what happened here and everybody knows what happened here.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: The presidential candidate then went to Trump Tower and waved his fist at the crowd. And as many predicted today's guilty verdict might ignite even more check writing for Trump. Trump's donation Web site briefly went down today and then reemerged with fresh branding asking for donations. Reading, I was just convicted in a rigged political witch hunt. I did nothing wrong.Now in a text message, Biden's campaign urged his supporters to counter Trump donations writing, Donald Trump supporters are fired up and likely setting fundraising records for his campaign. So, while the MAGA right comes to the aid of Trump, Joe Biden and those who care about democracy need you. And some known opponents of Trump like Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff reacted posting on X.First, a court found Donald Trump to be a sexual abuser. He was then found to be a fraudulent business owner. Now Donald J. Trump is a convicted felon. All are an affirmation of the rule of law and Trump's unfitness for office. And a short while ago tonight, Ivanka Trump posted this picture to Instagram writing. I love you, dad. Now 67 percent of registered voters nationwide said in an NPR poll that today's guilty verdict will make no difference in how they vote, Trace.GALLAGHER: That's a big number. Matt, thank you. Let's bring in Fox News contributor Steve Hilton. Former RNC press secretary Cassie Smedile and Princeton University political scientist, Lauren Wright. Thank you all for coming on. Lauren, to you first. Do you think this helps or hurts the former president politically?LAUREN WRIGHT, PRINCETON UNIVERSITY POLITICAL SCIENTIST: Zero, probably no impact. And it's just a couple of percentage points on the positive a couple on the negative. All of that will wash out by the election. But I think most of the impact is frankly a miscalculation that Democrats are making that people really care about Donald Trump's crimes and possible crimes, when most people just want to know is this person going to help me and my family more than the guy in the office right now?And so, I do think if it is an impact, it's a huge miscalculation by Democrats, but likely nothing at all.GALLAGHER: Yes. Meantime, the Biden campaign sent out this text. "Convicted felon or not, Trump will be Republican nominee for president. But there is one other certainty as you read this, Donald Trump supporters are fired up and likely setting fundraising records for his campaign."Steve Hilton, they got that right. They're fired up. All right.STEVE HILTON, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Exactly. And rightly so. And how dare they, by the way earlier in the -- in the tweet you talked about earlier than the statement. Talk about caring about democracy. Democracy, from these people who lectures endlessly about democracy. They undermined it today. They go on and on, don't they about January the 6th. This is the Democrats, January the 6th and he much, much worse.It's not just a few rogue elements. This is the entire party, the entire establishment, the media echo chamber, all of them preemptively subverting the peaceful transfer of power. These people, this failed feckless establishment who from day one couldn't bear the idea that the American people want Donald Trump as their president. They've been trying to do this from day one.You had the Russia hoax, the Mueller report. In the last election, the laptop and the cover up there. And now this and how dare they talk to anyone about democracy? The truth is they will not succeed because this is America. And people will not stand for this.GALLAGHER: And Cassie, you -- even RFK Jr. said, look, this is not democratic. And he's got a point. I mean, he's running against both Trump and Biden. He's like, this isn't democracy.CASSIE SMEDILE, FORMER RNC PRESS SECRETARY: Yes. And I think that point is where a lot of people come down on. They see this people who say I didn't really have a dog in this time. This wasn't -- I don't have a strong opinion about anything. Happening in the courtroom are really about Biden or Trump but I know that this isn't America. And I think in terms of President Trump, if pre verdict he was winning.So, if the election was held tomorrow, he'd win. Post-verdict, he's emboldened. And I think that only helps him as well. And I will say this was not a good day for Joe Biden. I don't think he brought any new people to his side today and he desperately needs them.GALLAGHER: Not sure it was a good day for Larry Hogan either, the former governor of Maryland who was now running for Senate, Lauren. He said the following on post X. Regardless of the result, I urge all Americans to respect the verdict and the legal process at this dangerously divided moment in our history. All leaders regardless of party must not pour fuel on the fire with more toxic partisanship, we must reaffirm what has made this nation great: the rule of law. And of course, the Trump campaigns like we're done with Hogan.WRIGHT: I don't know I'm not done with Hogan. I mean, he's trying to win as a Republican and a blue state the more power to him. I hope he takes that seat that would be great for the GOP. And so, I think that's very fair and even handed and that's on brand for him. I'm not going to bash a moderate Republican trying to win that back the Senate.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean, a lot of people say, Steve, I'm not sure he's a moderate Republican anymore. But aside, let's move on to Nikki Haley's campaign spokesperson, who said, if you're shocked that Trump's campaign donation page crashed after the ruling, you're part of the problem and we'll never understand why millions of Americans support the former president. Touch grass and log off resistance Twitter. People just don't really understand what this movement is all about, Steve.HILTON: That's exactly right. And they never have. And they sneer at Trump and they -- and they smear Trump supporters. And they don't understand that anger, their failures, years and decades in the making the establishment and the more that they try to use these unfair illegitimate lawless means to bring him down, the more fired up. The movement that Donald Trump created will be.GALLAGHER: Yes. And Cassie finally to you. Do you agree with that assessment? I mean, people just don't quite get what this whole movement is about.SMEDILE: Absolutely. Donald Trump's the blue-collar billionaire. He represents the Everyday Guy which is funny considering he's a billionaire. But -- and he's not afraid to fight. That's what for Republicans. I've worked in Republican politics for 15 years, and they say Republicans never fight. You guys just apologize. Donald Trump doesn't apologize, he fights. And that's what average hardworking Americans want in our elected officials.And that's why he resonates. And despite Democrats trying to put some logic on it, they can't, because they refuse to understand that piece of it.GALLAGHER: Republicans may be fighting before they know it. Cassie, Lauren, Steve, thank you all.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What they do to this man is disgusting. It's disgusting. It wouldn't happen to no one else. They're trying to stop him from campaigning. That's what they're doing here. And everybody can see that.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm so pleased that there's finally some accountability for Donald Trump. He's evaded the law for many years, decades. And it's finally caught up to him. And also, this is a -- we're fighting for democracy here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He is actually going to increase his chances to win, he's actually going to win because he's -- it's in the public's eye how they're using this judicial system just to penalize him to get him away from running for president again.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, as you see mixed reaction from voters after the guilty verdict for Donald Trump. Let's go back now to our legal panel. Pam Bondi, Kash Patel and Vik Bajaj. Thank you all. The New York Times says the following. The editorial board here by the way. Donald Trump, felon, is the headline. Goes on to say, yet the greatest good to come out of this sorted case is the proof that the rule of law binds everyone, even former presidents.I mean, they keep pushing this thing that, oh, this was just a run of the mill case, Vik Bajaj.BAJAJ: If you really think about this and you distill all the theatrics into what it really is the sand at the bottom of the ocean. What you're talking about here is a politician turned prosecutor who said I'm going after Donald Trump, elect me and I will do it. This should not be allowed. So, if he went into office, and he didn't go after Donald Trump, he would be out of a job. This is foundationally the pollution of the legal system and it should send chills up all litigators and common citizens spine.GALLAGHER: It should. Todd Blanche, Trump's attorney said again this to Jesse Watters earlier. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Did your client get a fair trial?BLANCHE: I mean, no, I don't think so. I mean, we've been saying for over a year that we couldn't get a fair trial in Manhattan. We couldn't get a fair trial with the judge. And it played out in lots of ways exactly as we expected.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Pam Bondi, what attorney thought -- what honest attorney thought this was a fair trial?BONID: None, Trace. And, you know, I was in court last week when Todd Blanche and his partner were arguing the jury instructions which I always felt were the most crucial part of this trial other than picking the jury. And they did a great job arguing it, but the judge shut them down every step of the way. This is a criminal case beyond and to the exclusion of every reasonable doubt.Yet the judge would not allow the defense to put the word willful in front of intent. That's the burden in a criminal case. His response was, it's not necessary. So, they know this case is going to get overturned on appeal. They know -- they won the battle, they're going to lose the war. All they wanted was the short-term win. So, they can have ascendancy they can have him convicted. Sentencing is four days before the Republican National Convention. And they can all go on national T.V. and call them a convicted felon, but it's backfiring.GALLAGHER: She talks about the battle in the war, Kash. I just want to go back to you because the battle part of it. Can you pinpoint where you think the jury thought the second crime or what you think that second crime of the three was?PATEL: I don't think the jury knew and the judge gave him free rein, the judge issued an instruction and said you don't have to figure out the second part of the crime. I've never seen a criminal jury instruction in my entire career read like that, where it said the U.S. Supreme Court has specifically stated all elements of all counts of all crimes have to be proven beyond them to the exclusion of every reasonable doubt.And it has to be unanimous. The jury was removed from that option, because the judge gave them a hall pass. And to reflect on what Joe Biden said today. His campaign spokesperson said If Donald Trump's elected, he's going to terminate the Constitution. Today the Constitution was exterminated by the disoriented rule of law in New York. And I want to see all these constitutional hardliners that are on the radical left-wing media had talking heads this week.I want to see what they have to say when Hunter Biden's jury is sworn in next week. And if they want those meticulous jury instructions to be handed down to Hunter Biden, due process is for all it's not to be sliced and diced. And what we saw today was a weaponized system of justice, cut apart due process with this judge and this Alvin Bragg prosecution and deny Donald Trump at the -- every single right to due process he deserves.GALLAGHER: Vik, I got to go. I got 10 seconds. Does this -- is this overturned on appeal?BAJAJ: Absolutely. Beyond a shadow of a doubt this judge has tripped over his feet in more ways than you can combine in 12 jury trials done the wrong way.GALLAGHER: Vik, Kash. Pam, thank you all. Coming up. Rigged or right? The mainstream media still celebrating the verdict. We'll play you some sound from other networks that you may find enlightening.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BRAGG: Donald J. Trump is guilty of 34 counts of falsifying business records in the first degree to conceal a scheme to corrupt the 2016 election. And while this defendant may be unlike any other in American history, we arrived at this trial. And ultimately today at this verdict in the same manner as every other case that comes to the courtroom doors by following the facts and the law and doing so without fear or favor.TRUMP: This was done by the Biden administration in order to hurt an opponent to political opponent. And I think it's a just a disgrace. And we'll keep fighting or fight until the end and we'll win because our country has gone to hell and we will fight for our Constitution. This is long from over.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, many on the left and the mainstream media celebrating today's historic guilty verdict for Donald Trump. The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in Washington with that part of the story. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. It may not carry the weight in once dead but the Drudge Report longer repository of news of the day seemed to revel a bit in the verdict. Guilty 34 times. Each word linking to an article about the historic verdict. And it wasn't just drudge getting into the act. This is reportedly what the upcoming New Yorker cover is expected to look like.A satirist's interpretation of the former president's eventual fate albeit highly unlikely. And to be sure opinions ranged from delight to discussed on television as well.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: The former president of the United States now a convicted felon. An unbelievable moment in American history.ANDREW C MCCARTHY, ASSISTANT UNITED STATES ATTORNEY: It's a historic trial of a former president of the United States by his partisan adversaries, whatever you think of the results, it's inconceivable in New York that anyone else other than Donald Trump would ever been indicted in this way by Alvin Bragg.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Strong words there obviously by Andy McCarthy. And perhaps the CBC of Canada, Alexander Panetta up there perhaps put it best. A verdict and appeal and for Americans, a plunge into the political unknown. That it is, Trace.GALLAGHER: Very unknown. Kevin Corke live in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in the spectators, Washington editor Amber Duke, and Seattle Talk Radio Host Jason Rantz. Thank you both for coming on. I want to play a little media montage. This is a joyful media montage from today. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: Thank you to the jurors. Thank you to this judge. This is a moment of, sort of Democratic recess, (INAUDIBLE) Democratic recess for us as a country. Accountability is happening here.ARI MELBER, MSNBC HOST: This was a jury that throughout the process was extremely attentive.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A miracle is too strong a word but a really a day for celebration.KAITLAN COLLINS, CNN HOST: The judge here, Judge Juan Marchand, who he's attacked repeatedly as corrupt without any basis for that, is a remarkable moment.ANDREW WEISSMANN, ATTORNEY: This was a fair process, so you have to live with it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Miracle, Amber. I mean, you go through the list, you're like, the last guy didn't know the crime any more than anybody else did. He couldn't pick out the crime either, and yet so overjoyed.AMBER DUKE, WASHINGTON EDITOR: Oh, it's incredible. I'm not surprised at all to see these people gloating. Of course, they very much represent the same makeup that was likely on that jury, because these are dyed-in-the- wool coastal elite liberals who love to, you know, trounce around Manhattan and have been dreaming about this moment for years.But I will say the media ought to be very careful because they enjoyed Trump as a cash cow when he was in office. Their ratings were much better. A lot of them got six figure book deals. And all of that is going to go away if he does not get elected in 24 in November. So, they better be careful about what getting what they wish for.GALLAGHER: You know, Jason Rantz, Joy Reid always gives my favorite sound bites, and she did not disappoint today. I want to play this. It's 20 seconds, but well worth the watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: The one good thing that happened here is that this case was brought in a state that no Republican controls. Because if it did the same thing that happened in Georgia would have happened here. Thank God for the state of New York, Donald Trump's home state, because there was no way for him to interfere with the process of justice.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: So, what she's saying is the Republicans, they were matchmakers for Fani Willis and Nathan Wade in Georgia. That's what happened down there. It was all, it was all a rigged deal.JASON RANTZ, KTTH TALK RADIO HOST: Yes, who knew we could find love so easily? I didn't know Republicans were capable of doing that. I mean, she is so mind numbingly dumb. And what I think is so funny about all of this, we have had over the course of the last few days, coverage that has went, it's gone from Dr. Jill Biden.She's a doctor, by the way, telling us that democracy is in peril, and we're about to lose our democracy if this guy gets elected by the people to today is actually a great day for democracy because one party rule, one party system in New York with a corrupt judge was able to move forward with a politically motivated case against a former president we hate, and we're trying to destroy his life. Yay, democracy.These people don't really know what the definitions are of the terms that they're using. But I think most people at this point can see through this and we have that Marist poll, I think it was the last day or so, basically saying most people, regardless of the outcome, would not really change their position. It's about a small group of people, and I think they're going to be alienated by this kind of coverage.GALLAGHER: I think you're right. Meantime, Anderson Cooper, unbiased Anderson Cooper had this to say today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) ANDERSON COOPER, CNN HOST: Clearly, he's turning this to politics and to the campaign and trying to link this what he calls a rigged system to a rigged system that he hopes his voters believe in.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, who, Amber, in their right mind, would link this to politics?DUKE: Well, first of all, I mean, how could you not imagine after the length that they went through to allow this case to even be brought in the first place and then ultimately rigging the process to return a guilty verdict, that these same people wouldn't attempt to rig an election? And then, on the other side of this, the Biden campaign that showed up yesterday, they showed up with actor Robert De Niro to hold an event outside of the Trump trial.And now, actually, members of the Biden team are complaining that the media is covering this too much. You have TJ Ducklow on social media saying that they should be covering a Biden speech in Philadelphia to Black voters as opposed to the Trump trial in New York. Well, which one is it? Do you want them to cover your campaign event outside of the trial or not?GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean it really, they should have music from 2017-2018 here Jason Ranz, because it feels like a Russian collusion reunion.RANTZ: It really does, and if they were doing this for the first time, perhaps it would be more effective, but because they've been relentless, and they've been playing the same tune over and over and over again, people again I think are able to see through it and frankly they're just getting really sick and tired.I was talking on my show about this obviously today and I was hearing from a lot of folks who are Independents or moderate Democrats who hate listening to me, who are sending in messages saying, look I don't like the guy necessarily but you've pushed me into his corner, and I really think that this is going to backfire particularly in the states where they can afford it if you're a Biden supporter for it to back slide.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's exactly right. Jason Rantz and Amber Duke, thank you both.Coming up, a lot of people think America's losing its grace, losing its honor, and it's not just by using the legal system to go after political opponents. It's our lack of pride, our lack of patriotism. But up next, we might change your mind. We are joined live by a middle school student who was running for Commissioner of Spirit and Patriotism, but was told to remove all parts of patriotism from his speech. He pushed back. We'll show you what happened. In fact, we will show you him. He will join us on set, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JIMMY, RUNNING FOR COMMISSIONER OF SCHOOL SPIRIT AND PATRIOTISM: Sadly, some people take their citizenship for granted. Whether it is disrespecting the people who protect us or eating nachos during the national anthem at a sporting event. Many people recite the Pledge of Allegiance without understanding its meaning. If someone doesn't truly know what they are pledging for the United States of America, they might as well be reciting the lyrics to shake it off by Taylor Shift.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, that was Jimmy reciting a speech that he was supposed to give it his catholic school in Huntington Beach, California. You see, Jimmy is running for Commissioner of School Spirit and Patriotism but he was told his speech could not have any reference to patriotism. He and his parents fought back so let's bring in young Jimmy and his mother, Hattie Ruggles. Thank you both for coming on. We appreciate it. To you first, Jimmy, because the principal told you to remove the patriotism stuff from your speech. You did a lot of edits. I know you went back and you did a lot of edits. And what happened then? Tell us about this.JIMMY: So she, as you said, she told me to remove everything regarding patriotism. And so, I immediately knew, no, I'm not going to do that because I knew that that was wrong. So, we made revisions and she saw it the night before the election. So, then I came in, I put the speech, I put in a slip, I put it in a folder and then I had my parents sign it and I came to school the next day.And so, I came up to her, she's like, oh, I need your speech. I need to see it before it goes on. I'm like, OK, I have it right here, but I did not remove the parts regarding patriotism. And then she's like, you don't understand. You have to remove that part. First, you're not obligated to be speaking about this.And then, she said, yes. And then, she said, you're speaking to fourth, fourth through seventh graders, they don't care about patriotism. And then, that was like a red flag for me. I'm like, excuse me, I've known about patriotism since kindergarten. I've been a president every year for Halloween since I was in kindergarten, this year being Reagan. And so, it was like, that was an immediate red flag. And I'm like, no, I'm not going to remove that.GALLAGHER: And you're running for patriotism and spirit, right?JIMMY: Yes, and she's like, to me, you don't understand, you need to remove this. And I'm like, I love my country, and that's why I put it in there. And then she's like, you need to come to my office. And I'm like, and at that point, I'm like, no, I'm going to say my speech, and then if we're going to speak, it's going to be in front of everybody and that's my dad started speaking her and I sat up on the stage and put on my Make SBS Great Again hat and sat down with a big smile even though I did feel a little bit humiliated later on.GALLAGHER: Mom, here's the thing so that that she he says you can take out the patriot stuff so the principal sends an e-mail and it says quoting here: "At no point did I ask for patriotism to be removed from the speech. I did ask him to remove the political rhetoric from the original speech, which he did, and speak to the duties listed under the responsibilities of the Commissioner of Spirit and Patriotism." They're saying, we never said remove the patriotism part.HATTIE RUGGLES, MOTHER OF JIMMY: Yep, she did say that until we showed all of the evidence that we had, and then they backpedaled on that because they couldn't use that excuse anymore. And so, they decided to say, OK, well, he didn't turn it in on time.GALLAGHER: Yes.RUGGLES: And we're like, no, we turned it in on time. And since then we haven't heard anything.GALLAGHER: A lot of backtracking. That beep in your hair is the school backtracking, Jimmy, I'm telling you, because the whole thing is, is that like your mom said, they got a screenshot of this. It was taken down and it says, parents say the school, let me put them, no, the principal said this. This entire section, she's telling you, has to be removed. Remember, your audience is fourth through seventh graders who want to know more about pep rallies and spirit for their school.And if I can, Katie, I want to put this up. This is the barred speech sentences in the Pledge of Allegiance. I just want to read the first one. "Many people recite the Pledge of Allegiance without understanding its meaning." It goes on. But Jimmy, you're just saying, what fourth or seventh grader doesn't know what the Pledge of Allegiance is about?JIMMY: It's honestly sad, because we're out in front in the morning behind the stage that we actually did the speeches on. And I'll hear kids giggling, making jokes, just going blah, blah, blah. Some kids will be tying their shoes or not even putting their hand on their chest, over their heart. And so, that's how I know and I play sports. I've been to Dodgers games. I'm a Braves fan though.GALLAGHER: Oh, my goodness, let's leave. Let's get Jimmy out.JIMMY: I'll see guys, whether it's, I'll see people keep their hats on, on their phones, eating nachos, and I'm like, even though it's a baseball game right here, it's the national anthem, and it's disrespectful for what they do. But I know the meaning of it, and I know who I'm respecting when I do it.GALLAGHER: You're a good young man, Jimmy. Mom, are you glad that he fought?RUGGLES: I'm so glad he did, and we will continue to fight. It's our priority. If we don't stand up for our kids, no one will.GALLAGHER: And on days like today, we need patriots. We need more patriots. And we need more speech about patriotism. Fair? Is that fair?JIMMY: Yes, for sure.GALLAGHER: OK. Thank you for coming on. You were great. Mom, thank you for bringing him. We very much appreciate that. Best of luck on this fight. And if the school wants to come back and join you on this, we'll have a debate. It would be great stuff.JIMMY: Thank you. I'd love to do that.GALLAGHER: Well, coming up, are you surprised by the guilty verdict in Trump's New York trial? More importantly, how do you feel? Angry, sad, some other emotion? And tell us why. X and Instagram, @Trace Gallagher, we will read your responses coming up next in the "NIGHTCAP."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Matt Finn, Vik Bajaj, Lauren Wright, and Jason Rantz. Tonight's topic, Trump convicted. We asked you a few weeks ago whether Trump had a shot in a deep blue Manhattan courtroom. Clearly, the answer was no. What was your reaction to today's guilty verdict? Did the outcome make you more angry, more sad, some other emotion and why? We'd like to start this time with Vik Bajaj.BAJAJ: Neither. I'm not mad, sad. I think it's a time for strength, for motivation, to be able to conquer things that are just not right. I think we need more of that. Mad and sad just takes too many minutes away from my life.GALLAGHER: Lauren Wright, your thoughts on this?WRIGHT: I'm going to go with neither for a little bit of a different reason. I think there's too much emotion on this on both sides, and it's dangerous for Democrats and Republicans. Democrats, they're assuming people care way too much about Donald Trump and his legal troubles that might lose them the election. Republicans, though, can't assume that nobody will be alienated by this. I mean, there's a lot of small business owners in this country that cross every T, dot every I, and maybe they would never find themselves in this situation so everyone needs to cool down a bit and try to see the other side.GALLAGHER: Matt Finn.FINN: You know, no surprise there right I mean it's a deep blue jury pool. I personally thought maybe one or two people may have held out, but here we are. I guess the question is what is the implication moving forward, Donald Trump was already impeached twice and it looks like he's going to continue running. The signs reporting to him being re-elected. So, we may look back at this and say, oh, yes that time Donald Trump was convicted.GALLAGHER: Yes, Kevin Corke, your thoughts on this.CORKE: Yes, listen, I think Matt nailed it. Look at history twice impeached now this verdicts of hundreds of millions of dollars. I mean, this is part for the course. I think you can look at this one way which is -- so what? Or you could say, this is wrong and the best medicine is to vote.GALLAGHER: Yes. Jason Rantz.RANTZ: I went from wanting to binge ice cream endlessly to then wanting to take anti-anxiety medication to wanting to go walk downtown Seattle and get a contact high just to calm down. But at the end, I feel hopeful, because I think people are going to come together, voters are going to do the right thing and put Trump back into the White House.GALLAGHER: Yes, and my thing on this whole thing was, you know, the bottom line is I'm just surprised it got this far because, you know, you read the indictment, you look at what happened. This was never, there was no crime. They never pointed to any crime. How does it get this far? Maybe Vik could answer this when you have more time, does it get this far when you don't have a crime, you don't give somebody due process and say this is what you're convicting of or you're accused of.Anyway, we asked the thing. Angry, 67 percent on X, sad 33. Instagram, angry 70, sad 30.Dcorb72 says, "China, Iran, North Korea are all laughing along with Alvin Bragg. Sad day."BurntBacon, "Wasn't very interested in politics before, donated and volunteered. I'm livid. Trump has my vote."Debbie said, "Sad that anyone supports him."HistoryWillNotBeKind says, "I was raised as a Democrat, but I'll never vote for any Democrat again."Riley says he's "Happy, thrilled, and ecstatic."Jessica, "Little both but most of all it makes me want to fight harder to bring him back."And John says, "It totally pissed me off. I am a Vietnam era veteran, and I feel like I've been stabbed in by my country for letting this verdict happen."Thank you all for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. We'll see you back here Friday night, FOX NEWS @ NIGHTit only takes a second for an everyday item to become dangerous Tide Pods Child Guard Pack helps keep your laundry packs in a safe place and your child safer. To close, twist until it clicks. Tide Pods Child Guard Packaging.Hi, I'm Mike Huckabee, former governor of Arkansas, and I'm here today to tell you about a hidden health crisis currently affecting nearly every American, sleep deprivation. And that's why you need to know about Relaxium Sleep. You see, getting a good night's sleephelps support a healthy immune system, helps maintain a healthy blood pressure, healthy cardiovascular system.Relaxium Sleep is studied, tested, and designed by a neurologist to help you fall asleep faster,stay asleep longer, and wake up refreshed.Relaxium Sleep worked from the very first night I took. I had more focus and mental clarity than I've had in years.Join the hundreds of thousands of people who've experienced the relief and health benefits from getting a great night's sleep and get Relaxium Sleep.After being a Relaxium customer for at least three years now, because I'm getting a better night's sleep, it's making everything else about my life more enjoyable.It'll regulate your natural sleep cycle, relax your body, and calm the mind for better sleep through the whole night. Call today and get your very own risk-free bottle of Relaxium Sleep. Relaxium Sleep doesn't have any harmful chemicalslike many prescription sleeping pills. With Relaxium Sleep, you can expect to start sleeping better the very first night.The very first night.I wake up feeling alert and like I've had the best night's sleep.If you're like I was, and you've got trouble sleeping at night, take control of your health. Stop struggling with restless nights. Sleep like you were meant to with Relaxium. Mike Huckabee is so confidentthat Relaxium will work for you he's asked us to give away 1,000 bottles. Ifyou're not getting calm enough to go to sleep take Relaxium sleep. I promise youit'll work. Get your risk-free bottle of Relaxium sleep now it's guaranteed to work or your money back. Visit tryrelaxium.com or call 800-806-4851.That's trirelaxium.com or call 800-806-4851.Generalized myasthenia gravis made my life a lot harder, but the picture started changing when I started on Vivgart.Vivgart is for adults with generalized myasthenia gravis who are anti-ACHR antibody positive. In a clinical trial, Vivgard significantly improved most participants ability to do daily activities when added to their current GMG treatment. Most participants taking Vivgard also had less muscle weakness.And your Vivgard treatment schedule is designed just for you. In a clinicalstudy, the most common side effects included urinary and respiratory tract infections and headache. Vivgard may increase the risk of infection. Tell your doctor if you have a history of infections or symptoms of an infection. Vivgart can cause allergic reactions. Available as Vivgart for IV infusion and also as Vivgart-Hytrulo for subcutaneous injection. Additional side effects for Vivgart-Hytrulo may include injection site reactions. Talk to your neurologistabout Vivgart. Victims of mesothelioma and their families may be entitled to receive a cash award from the estimated $30 billion in the Asbestos Trust Funds now available. Over $50 billion has been awarded already. If you have been diagnosed with mesothelioma or lung cancer caused by asbestos, call the number on your screen now.We have served victims of mesothelioma and their families nationwide for over 30 years. We have successfully recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for thousands of our clients. Even if a family member has passed due to mesothelioma, you may still be entitled to a cash award. So call now for your free evaluation. We want to help victims of mesothelioma and lung cancer and your families get the financialcompensation you deserve from the estimated $30 billion in trust funds now available. one has been diagnosed with mesothelioma, call 1-800-296-0860 now or visit us at mesofun.com.Consumer Cellular, this is Sam. How may I help you? This is a butt dial. Well, somebody's butt. Just thought I'd let you know that with Consumer Cellular, you can get the same exact coverage as the leading carriers, but for up to half the price. I want to tell you about a really simple thing you can do for your heart.This is Super Beats, and I swear by it.Super Beats is America's number one doctor, pharmacist, and cardiologist recommended beat brand for heart health support. With clinically studied grape seed extract to help promote normal blood pressure. Nearly two times more effectively than diet and exercise alone. Nearly two times more effectively than diet and exercise alone.So do something good for your heart and your energy.