NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: But I'll spare you the unrefined impression which I think I do quite well. But I'm not going to burden you with that.Andy, Katie, thank you both very much. So, again, whether it's Henry Fonda or someone else, but these jurors got another chance to get back in that courtroom, get some questions answered, and maybe some clarity, we'll see. Here comes THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone, I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Kevin O'Leary, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.And we are awaiting a new remarks from Donald Trump as his fate hangs in the balance, the first day of jury deliberations in the hush money trial is over after four long hours of talking about the case. The jury will be back in court at 9:30 a.m. tomorrow, there is no verdict yet. There are 12 members of the jury, seven men and five women getting their first chance to discuss amongst themselves six weeks of evidence and testimony.And we got the first insights and to how they are feeling. The jurors sending two notes to the judge, requesting four pieces of testimony from David Pecker and Michael Cohen be read aloud. They also asked for the judge to reread the jury instructions that were given earlier today.And earlier, Donald Trump going off on the trial and comparing himself to one of the most famous religious figures in history, watch here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: These charges are rigged. The whole thing is rigged. The whole country is a mess, between the borders and fake elections, and you have a trial like this where the judge is so conflicted, he can't breathe. He's got to do his job. And it's tough for me, that I can tell you. It's a disgrace. And I mean that, Mother Teresa could not beat those charges.The people of this country see that this is a rigged deal. It's a weaponized deal for the Democrats to hit their political opponent.For Joe Biden, the worst -- the worst president in the history of the United States.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And Judge Jeanine was down there. And now she's here. So, let's just turn it over to you and hear your thoughts.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: I tell you, Dana, to me, it was a very difficult day today. I heard a man with a robe instructing a jury that on issues that I know as a former judge exactly as he was, were just plain wrong, reversible error.I was stunned at what he brought up. And what he said. And specifically, I refer number one to the fact that we've been talking for weeks, months, actually, since this indictment came down as to what is that unknown felony that will be used to resurrect two dead expired misdemeanors?Well, that unknown felony is an election law violation, according to this judge that is made up of a federal campaign violation of a creation of a false record or of a tax law violation.The Trump defense team didn't know this. So, they couldn't speak to it. And it is a Fifth Amendment requirement that you know the charges against you, that you know what in the indictment in the bill of particulars and discovery in the opening statement, and through the testimony.This was and I knew what during the prosecution summation, this was clearly -- it was like a game between the prosecution and the judge where the defense was left out of it.And specifically, there was -- they talked about there was no legitimate press function. And no one had talked about that during the course of the trial. Neither side presented evidence as to what a normal legitimate press function was. But the jury hears about it from the prosecution in summation, no evidence whatsoever by either side.And of course, we know that there was no evidence allowed of the federal campaign -- election campaign violation, because the defense was not allowed to put on Brad Smith was ahead of the Federal Election Campaign commission, but they were allowed to hear that Michael Cohen committed a Federal Election Campaign violation, and that David Pecker was advised not to engage in certain conduct because it was an FEC violation.So, the prosecution put on evidence, the defense wants to put on evidence of what an FEC violation truly is, and is not allowed to do that.And then, the defense of advice of counsel was not allowed. That's what Trump wanted. He wanted to be able to say, I did this on the advice of Michael Cohen.Now, all of a sudden we hear Michael Cohen is the coconspirator who was aiding and abetting Donald Trump. And now you can convict just on the word of Michael Cohen without corroborating evidence.But as it relates to that felony, which will bootstrap this and bring it to life, you don't have to agree on any one of the three. It doesn't have to be unanimous.This is a kangaroo court. You've never heard of anything other than a unanimous verdict in a criminal trial.And here's a new one. Legal expenses are if you report them as income is a crime. I never -- I wrote it again, reporting money as income when it's reimbursement is a crime.So, the judge is saying that itself was a crime. No one knew that, they could have argued at the trial, but they didn't have the opportunity.So, I mean, those are just some of the issues. It was a sad day for me. I sat with Andy McCarthy and Jonathan Turley and Trey Gowdy and Shannon, we were all like, this is unheard of.PERINO: Very dispiriting to hear it put that way. Greg, and your thoughts just today.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I feel like this is bad for your mental health. You know, it's exhausting. It's self-destructive. And it's - - we know, in our hearts that it's unnecessary, because it's political, but we're forced to endure it. It's like impeachment three.And if it weren't so tedious, it would radicalize you. You know, if you actually paid attention to this, you would come out pretty angry.I think the prosecution is resting on the hate crime hoax defense, the logic being, he may not be guilty of this specific crime, but he's definitely guilty of some crime somewhere out there. That was the reason for the extraneous B.S. they introduced that had nothing to do with the accounting issue.The hate crime hoax defense is always based on if this hate crime isn't real, somewhere, someone is doing this.So really, this hoax is raising awareness of a widespread problem. In this case, Trump doesn't have to be guilty, but you just know that he's guilty of something. So and it's just a general assumption. So basically, this is another hate crime hoax.If the jury -- I wish the jury would sit and ask themselves, would it be OK, would it be fair to you if your entire life hangs on a creature like Michael Cohen?I mean, think about that, you wouldn't do that to a petty thief, right? As the star witness combines two things, which is proven dishonesty and raging personal vendetta, you wouldn't do that to a petty thief, to bake his fate hinge on his mortal enemy. And yet, that's what we're doing to the President of the United States.We were told for three -- for I don't know, three years that the no one is above the law. But they were saying that because they were making sure that Trump was below the law.You know, they didn't raise the bar for him. They lowered it, they lowered it. And so you're going to -- you're prosecuting the current leading candidate with an unprecedented theory, right?That is so difficult to follow that nobody knows what's going on. Wouldn't you want to streamline this and make it the best possible most persuasive argument possible since this is the leading presidential candidate? No.PERINO: And you wonder, Jesse, if that there is on the jury, two lawyers, and the foreman is a lawyer, and you wonder if he had -- he or she had a similar -- it's a he, had a similar reaction to what the Judge is saying that and what we've heard from our legal analysts all day.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I worry about the two lawyers because they're both at Manhattan corporate law firms. And if they are in a jury that votes to not convict Donald Trump, they have to go and see their boss, and they have to go see their colleagues. And there's a lot of social pressure. There's a lot of peer pressure there, Dana, to not bring back tour your liberal law firm in Manhattan a conviction.So, that concerns me but as a non-lawyer, and who has never watched a single episode of "Law and Order" and open the LSAT prep book and got to page two and shut it. I am about as confused as Judge Jeanine, which makes me feel better, because I've only watched "Runaway Jury" twice, was impressed with John Cusack and has read every single John Grisham book cover to cover. Tell me if I'm an idiot. Greg, don't jump in.This is a case with the crime they won't tell you. And it's not even in the D.A.'s jurisdiction. But the jury can pick whatever crime they want. And they can all disagree on the crime. And it's still a unanimous decision.PIRRO: They have to agree, it's one of the three.WATTERS: It's one of them. It's like a buffet, Judge. You can get a little of this, little of that and everybody can go home. And Trump's gagged, and Cohen's not. And then he lets Stormy Daniels go out there and pretend like she was sexually assaulted, and then says jury, forget you ever heard that, we're going to strike that.And then basically every time the defense objects overruled, and then the one guy who was supposed to come in and explain the law, the judge won't even let them explain the law, and then tries to explain the law to the jury, and the jury doesn't even understand it.And as for the explanation, again, and then you find out the judge, not only an Obama donor, donated to the progressive turnout project, and its subsidiary Stop Trump. The judge donated to a Stop Trump Organization, and his family is going to financially benefit from a conviction.And you touched on this last week. There are 24 sitting judges. This guy's enacting. He's not even on the list. They're assigned randomly.It's statistically improbable that this judge, an acting judge, was assigned the Trump Organization case, this Trump hush money case and the Steve Bannon case.PIRRO: He was selected.WATTERS: He was so -- it's statistically impossible.GUTFELD: Not impossible.PERINO: All right, Kevin O'Leary, nice to have you here. Your thoughts from your perspective as a New Yorker looking at this?KEVIN O'LEARY, CHAIRMAN, O'LEARY VENTURES: Yes, I was in Europe to the beginning of this case during the Stormy Daniels test -- when she was testifying.Talking to sovereign wealth funds, we've done a lot of damage to the American brand here, a lot of damage. Trump and Biden going to be gone in four years. But the damage done here to the office of the executive, a 200- year old brand reason we can go overseas and bring billions dollars back to the United States is they trust our system.This has rocked the bedrock of that belief. She was testifying about condom brands and sex. And I -- they were asking me, what is this? Like, this is - - wasn't this the president of the United States?So, I think what we should do and think about it as a country, forget about these -- whatever this is that's really going on here. What is it doing to the brand the United States of America? Because in just a few months, these guys are gone.But the executive, when a president leaves the office of the White House, the president of the United States, you better murder somebody if you're going to be brought into trial, you don't do condom brand porno stars. This is hurting what every entrepreneur does in America.And for me, we dragged our brand into the toilet on this one. And I hope everybody understands it. Anytime you want to talk about this case, it has to be so partisan. Forget about that. Think about America, the mother egg that we want to protect.Is this what we want to do to former presidents? Forget about Trump, any former president, we got to raise the bar in bringing these cases because we drag them and porn stars? I've never understood what does she have to do with campaign law? Nobody understood that overseas in London. Where's the condom brand and the law on campaign financing? I didn't get it either.I said, look, it's an unusual time. Let's talk about my deal instead. They said no, let's talk with the porn star, we're trying to understand how this is working.Really not great for me trying to bring back money for datacenters, really bad.PERINO: Indeed. Well, much more to come, Donald Trump is still in court. He may come out and speak at any moment and of course we'll bring that to you live.But coming up next, even the media thinks this was a bad idea. The Biden campaign's Robert De Niro Trump trial stunt is backfiring.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: You are gangsters. You are gangsters. You're washed up. (EXPLETIVE DELETED) you.TRUMP: And then they have a protest of Robert De Niro yesterday. He's a fool, he's a broken-down fool standing out there. And he got -- he got MAGA'd -- he got MAGA'd yesterday. He got a bit dose of it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Donald Trump popping off on the Biden campaigns De Niro's stunt, which bombed harder than Robert's last five movies. The actor was outside the Trump courthouse, letting his undiagnosed Trump derangement syndrome get the best of him, and even the liberal media was embarrassed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This was a bad idea. This entire thing was not a great idea.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Let's step away from celebrities. I just -- I don't think it helps. I think it kind of almost in a weird way sometimes backfires. Oh, those liberal Hollywood elites, and they're well-intentioned and Robert De Niro was well-intentioned, but I think staying away from the courthouse would have been the best thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Morning Mika was taken aback by the raging tool and tried to get the Biden camp to backtrack.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKA BRZEZINSKI, MSNBC HOST: Americans citizens is not supposed to politicize a court proceeding. And just I feel the same way about the campaign. Is there any concern about the campaign getting a little bit too close to these court proceedings? And could that backfire? Any concerns? Looking back, was it a good decision?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, there's no concern, this campaign is not speaking about the substance of the trial in any way, shape, or form. What we are talking about, what we talked about yesterday, and what we'll continue to talk about, is the unique threat that Donald Trump poses to our democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, Larry, did the De Niro stunt backfire?O'LEARY: You know, I spent a fair amount of time at Los Angeles with Hollywood types. And I've always said to entertainers to think this through, when you're an entertainer and you're a great one, because I love that guy's movies. You don't want to get into this kind of narrative, because you're going to make unhappy 50 percent of the people that go to your movies. 50 percent are going to say, I didn't hire you to tell me who to vote for. I hired you to be great actor. He's a great actor.I think he hurt himself. He hurt his brand. He's definitely got -- what -- I was listening to that thinking to myself, you know what Biden should do, and Judge, I know, you're going to tell me, technically, this is impossible, but maybe he can do it and get credit for it.When and if Trump gets convicted of any of these charges, he should pardon him that second, and clean the record and say. Let's start debating.That would lift him out of the garbage that he's involved with this kind of De Niro stuff. Now, I know you can't do that. Because it's New York.PIRRO: Right.O'LEARY: But can he find some way to take credit for it by getting a higher power in New York to pardon this though? This thing, this has hurt our brand. I've said it five times. But what's the right thing for Biden to do to clean up the fact that half the country thinks this is a politically motivated persecution.PIRRO: I don't think the president is that big a man to do that.O'LEAR: But don't you think that would help him a lot?PIRRO: It would absolutely help him but maybe it would infuriate his base, the progressives, they'll go -- they'll go bonkers.Plus, there's no question he's fine. This given the fact that the number three at the Department of Justice Colangelo jumped down three steps to prosecute a local D.A.'s case.You know, so, I think the fingerprints are all over this. Plus, he's upset about what's going to happen to his son Hunter. So, he -- I doubt he's in a forgiving mood.But I got to tell you, I mean, I wish we lived in a country where that could happen. I do. I do but --O'LEAR: It should happen.PIRRO: It's not going to happen.And unfortunately, but if I can just -- since I started, Jesse, a couple things. When if you're bleeding young voters and minorities, you don't bring out De Niro. De Niro is someone who said last year, I'd like to punch this guy, you know as if he's a gangster, and then he's calling the Trump people gangsters.And for this guy who brought him out from the Biden administration, Michael Tyler to say, I'm not talking about the substance of the trial. They did it right outside the trial. I mean, who were they kidding? It's just, they are so hungry to attack Donald Trump.And this guy is just a loser. He had some great movies, I agree. But right now he's a loser. And he's past his prime.WATTERS: And Greg, he loses his cool. It's one thing to read off a script, but then he couldn't handle the crowd at all.GUTFELD: It's kind of -- it's a big letdown, you know? I know that he's not his roles. But come on, dude. I mean, "Golden Girls" have more testosterone than him. He's a butthole with eyes and the worst part is he's blind.Here's the problem with this De Niro stunt. They trotted out the poster child for Trump derangement, but he doesn't just need a doctor. He needs a telethon. I mean, he's got it. Where is Jerry Lewis when you need him? I know he's dead.But somebody needs to abduct this Rupert Pupkin in depends (ph), stage and intervention before he douses himself a grill cream and sets himself on fire. He's beyond help. He had one bullet in the chamber and he shot himself in the face. He felt that this irrational, personal hatred was more important than the issues that America faces all the things that we talk about, crime, immigration, China, the debt.And he's not to jack about that before this, and he will not say jack about it after, because this is a luxury hobby for people like him. He owns half a lower Manhattan, you know, so he's a loop, he's well off.He can do -- he can do this. And crime could range all around him, and it won't matter. But it matters to us.WATTERS: And the show that Joe watches every single morning, Dana, "Morning Joe", obviously not happy with the strategy with sending a message that not a good idea going forward.PERINO: I was thinking about that. Because we know that President Biden watches every morning and when you've lost Mika and Donny and they're saying what a bad idea. He's probably going to blame somebody else.But I think that the Biden campaign, they're in a real fix. They've been very understated. But this is like one of their first big, big events. And they're going to get attention for it. But it's, it's just seemed a little off.And the other thing is I think Mike Tyler is a very good hire for the Biden campaign. And he speaks well. And I think that he has been given direction like, this is where the campaign is going.And I'm just curious, I wish that they could share with us a little bit more of the -- of the data that they have that says this messaging works for them.Because it's not in any of the polls, mainstream polls. It's not in anything like coming from Carville, or David Axelrod or people who really want Joe Biden to win. They're all saying, this is not working, the whole Biden is -- Trump's going to destroy the world, that's actually not working.Well, you guys need to talk. But for some reason that campaign keeps on that track. So, I would love to know, just show me a little bit of evidence that that it makes sense.I think the point about the brand is really important. And one of the things to remember is that Joe Biden's team made it very clear that as soon as his verdict is given that President Biden is going to give an official address from the White House. And it is not definitely not going to be a pardon.Because what he wants to say more than anything else, is that Donald Trump, my opponent is a convicted felon. And they will say that and hammer it and they'll probably continue to lose in the polls unless they can figure out some other way to turn it around.WATTERS: What if he's convicted of a misdemeanor, Judge? What do you call that?PIRRO: A misdemeanant.WATTERS: A misdemeanant, my opponent is a convicted misdemeanant, doesn't have the same ring to it.O'LEARY: Is that a -- is that a felony under that situation? You can't call him a felon, right?PIRRO: It's not a felony, if he's convicted of a lesser crime in misdemeanor, he's misdemeanant.WATTERS: Misdemeanant.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: It's the first time I heard of it.GUTFELD: You heard so much stuff watching THE FIVE.O'LEARY: I'm getting a shirt that says misdemeanant.PIRRO: Misdemeanant.WATTERS: Ahead, the liberal freak out continues, Joe and Kamala in a panic and trying to win back black voters who are flocking to Donald Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Fox News alert, former President Donald Trump now speaking after day one of jury deliberations, let's watch.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TRUMP: -- in the Biden witch hunt, take a look at where the people come from. It's a Biden witch hunt, it's weaponization.So, it seems that there's a lot of witnesses, a lot of people that they could have called that they didn't call. And they didn't call them obviously, because they would have been very bad witnesses for them.But take a look at this because of the gag order. I won't go down into individual names. But you have a lot of big players, very big players that would have solved their problem or actually would have given us the win.We already have the win. If we had a fair judge, this case would have been over a long time ago. But a lot of key witnesses were not taught, look at your list. Look at the players. And you know what I'm talking about. You could take five or six of them.Why didn't they call those witnesses? They didn't call them because they would have been on our side. And it's a shame.And in particular, one witness who's now suffering gravely because of what's happened because of the viciousness of these thugs. The vicious people what they've done to that person. And you know what I'm talking about. And they didn't call it as the witness. They didn't call anybody as a witness and all these people they could have called themselves the problem.The other thing, the confusion is nobody knows what the crime is because there's no crime. Nobody knows what the crime is. The D.A. didn't name the crime. They don't know what the crime is. That's what the problem is. It's a disgrace. This thing ought to be ended immediately. The judge ought to end it and save his reputation. Thank you very much.(END VIDEOTAPE)PIRRO: OK. All right, so there is Donald Trump calling the a witch hunt and a weaponization of the judicial system. He apparently, Dana, was very upset about the fact that certain witnesses weren't called. He said they're vicious people. And what they've done to that person is outrageous. He's talking about Weisselberg, Allen Weisselberg, former CFO who is under the prosecution's control, who had material evidence, who would have said that Trump never talked to him about the vouchers, the invoice, or the drafting of the check.PERINO: It's one of the big questions, right, is where's Weisselberg. And if you are on the jury, you would sit there and say why didn't we hear from them? But correct me if I'm wrong. The judge asked both the prosecution and the defense, do you want to have Weisselberg, and they both said no. so, I -- maybe Trump's lawyers had a reason for saying that.PIRRO: Well, the defense has no obligation to call anyone. The burden of proof is on the prosecution.PERINO: OK.PIRRO: But what should --PERINO: They had the opportunity to bring him and they didn't.PIRRO: Well, but they don't have to. The burden of proof is on the people.PERINO: I'm just saying --PIRRO: But the there should have been an adverse witness charge.PERINO: Sure.PIRRO: That folks this guy was in the -- in the control uh of the prosecution at Riker's Island and you can assume that had the prosecution called him he would have said something not beneficial to the prosecution.WATTERS: Yes, and that's why they didn't call him and that's why they didn't call Keith Schiller, the security guy who apparently took the phone call from Cohen. And that was the big phone call that Cohen said this is what I told Schiller that I handled it for Donald Trump and Schiller could have just come on and said no, we talked about the 14-year-old kid that was prank calling you and you wanted me to call the Secret Service about it.This whole case is a joke. We have another overwhelming piece of evidence that Donald Trump was doing this not for politics but because of his business. If you think about it, and you know better than anybody Kevin, if you're running a media conglomerate, you're running a hotel chain and you're running these companies all over the world, in Muslim countries and Europe and Asia, anything that's bad news for you personally is bad for the brand.And you're a billionaire and you have this coming out in the middle of nowhere. Forget about protecting your family. That's the obvious concern. Secondary concern is the business. You can't have some porn star extorting you. 130 grand is nothing for Donald Trump. You pay that it's nuisance. Make it go away. That's common sense.O'LEARY: Well, Trump reign is very important, you know, even prior to him being president. And obviously, all of these Trump brands all around the world on real estate are royalty-based businesses. I particularly love that because you don't need a lot of capital but you get a lot of cash flow. So, I've admired what he's done from the business perspective.I bet you, if it's true that this election is going to be decided by Independent voters, if I polled 10,000 Independent voters right now -- let's say I could just wave a magic wand to do that on a panel. I bet you after all of these six weeks or whatever it's been, even if you watch the synopsis every night on the news somewhere, whatever outlet you watch, you are still 99 percent totally confused on what the hell is going on.WATTERS: Yes.O'LEARY: And you know, it's -- even if you spent full all day listening to this which some people did, you're still confused. And so, I just wonder in in that group of jurors if a few of them are just looking at each other saying, I don't know, this is a mess. I don't even understand what the judge is telling me to do. That's why I'm asking you to read it over to me again because they can't take it printed in and read it.I don't know what's going to happen here but I just look at it and say to myself, wow this is bad for the American brand. That's what I keep going at. It really is. It's just -- even if he gets -- even if he gets acquitted it's bad for the American brand. And I don't think people at this table think that's going to happen. It's more leaning towards maybe a hung jury.PIRRO: Well, I hope so.O'LEARY: And you say, Judge, if that happens, they'll bring it back a week later. That sounds crazy to me.PIRRO: There's no question. But Greg, one of the notes that came out today was they wanted the testimony regarding Pecker meeting at Trump Tower, along with Cohen meeting at Trump Tower. It was at that meeting -- and I have this in my notes that Trump apparently never mentioned his family like he did with Hope Picks. That, and I may be reading it wrong, but I'm not real comfortable with that.GUTFELD: I don't know. It's the first time I'm hearing of it. It always goes back to Pecker. No one know knows what the crime is but it's the trial. That is the crime. What is interesting about this is it paints Trump in an incredibly appealing way. He's up against the wall, meanwhile Joe Biden needs a wall to stand up on. And this guy is like he's best when he's angry and he's focused and he's direct.You know, this is like -- when you compare the way he is in that kind of energy to what is in the White House now, it's persuasive. I mean, you look at this guy, you go like, I get it that guy is pissed off and he's clear. Meanwhile, this guy speaks in these amorphous fantasies about a threat to democracy. He can't solve anything. He doesn't know what's going on. And this guy is fighting for his life. I mean, it's a pretty -- it's a pretty stark choice for Americans if they're paying attention to this. But maybe most of them they're tuned out because they know this is all B.S.PIRRO: Yes, a lot of people are but we'll see. More of THE FIVE after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: President Biden out and Philly launching a new effort to reach out to African-Americans called the Black voters for Biden Harris. That's clever. And Joe has good reason to be worried. Recent polls showed Trump winning more than 20 percent of Black voters. Here's what the Pres pitched today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Because Black Americans voted Kamala and I for President and Vice President the United States because of you. That's not hyperbole. Because you voted, Donald Trump is defeated, former president. And with your vote, with your vote in 2024, we're going to make Donald Trump a loser again.Trump continues to lie by saying Black unemployment was at a record low on his watch. The fact is record low unemployment happened on my watch and we're going to keep it going.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: You know, Dana, the Democrats always operated on this wishful thinking and arrogance. They hope Blacks are happy where they are and they assume they're too complacent to look elsewhere. They're like a booty call that's always there at 1:00 a.m. come election season. But what do you say to anybody in abusive relationship, it doesn't have to be this way. There's a whole world out there. You -- why not listen to the Republicans. Let them -- hear them out. There's a whole world out there beyond this plantation style thinking of the Democrat Party.PERINO: It's interesting because I wrote down Booty Call, and I was going to use --GUTFELD: No, you didn't.PERINO: I was going to use that as well, so thank you for that.GUTFELD: I did a movie in the 80s called Booty Call.PERINO: I remember.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: OK, one of the things is that they said today is that we're not going to take any voters for granted. We know we have to work for your vote, which I think is interesting is that this only comes after several polls show that they have a big problem. And I think back to -- there's a New York Times writer named Astead Herndon. He's --GUTFELD: Great guy.PERINO: He is a great guy. I think he does some great work. And he does something called the runup on the New York Times. And he went and talked a lot of Black voters. And I remember in this one he separated and had a conversation with the Black men that were gathered there, and then the Black women. It was a very different conversation.Now, when they were all together, there -- it wasn't that I'm going to vote for Trump, it was that I'm definitely not going to want to vote for Biden and I might just stay home or maybe I'll look elsewhere. And so, Biden's trying today to try to make up for lost time here.I think it's interesting that 57 percent of Hispanics report feeling inflation stress, 53 percent of Black families are saying that, and that is definitely weighing the Biden campaign down. And I don't know if Kamala Harris is going to be able to fix that for them.GUTFELD: Kevin, you and I are a lot alike, very successful businessmen. You know, you understand that a person let's say is never less powerful when they only have one option and you're at you're most powerful when you have double the options. So, shouldn't blacks be willing to listen to Republicans because that forces the Democrats to take Blacks more seriously?If you only have one party dictating to you, the part's in control. But if you have another party out there, then you have control.O'LEARY: I think by now the Black caucus voter and the Independent Black voter must be very skeptical about politicians making promises. I think since the 60s, they've been courted by all kinds of presidents and want to be presidents. And what happens it seems to me, and I'm sure they'd agree with this, within 90 days after the elections decided, they're forgotten. So, they should be very skeptical and I'm sure they are, but I don't know what's different this time.And that to me if -- I were a Black voter would say show me what's different this time because I don't feel really great about what happens to us as a -- as a caucus as a cohort after all these promises are made and we've elected somebody. That's where I think this thing is still broken.GUTFELD: You know, Jesse, you're one percent African-American. Is that right?WATTERS: 0.1 percent.GUTFELD: All right, well, that -- you're still the most African-American at this table.WATTERS: I would agree. Although you look --GUTFELD: Was Biden speaking to that 0.1 percent?WATTERS: It stirred something in me, Greg. 0.1 percent Blacks for Biden- Harris. Let's go. So, in the primary, generally, what you want to do is you want to make sure your base is locked in. And then in the general, you pivot and you try to speak to all Americans. It's the summer before the election and Biden is doing base maintenance. It's more than that. He's doing base rebuilding.And Trump's base is good especially with the Haley endorsement. I'd like to see more of an endorsement. Maybe we'll get there. But Trump is not even just playing for the middle. Trump is reaching into Biden's base and going after Black, Hispanics, and young people. Not just linguistically, he's doing events in the Bronx. I'd be scared if I were Biden.And also let's think about the history of Biden's relationship with African-Americans. You have President Clinton from Arkansas, different kind of upbringing, but the way he spoke and carried himself appealed to Black Americans. Barack Obama, obviously appealed to Black Americans. What's Joe's relationship that he was a senator in Delaware? Delaware? He palled around with segregationists. I guess the first Black president tapped him as VP so that gave him street cred invisibility in that community. But since then, what?He hasn't delivered absolutely anything at all. The only reason he actually really got the nomination in 2020 because of a deal he cut with Clyburn to deliver those votes in exchange for promising to name a Black Supreme Court Justice, a Black female Supreme Court Justice. He did the same thing with Harris. All of the appeal to Black America has been a DEI move, but that doesn't solve the inflation issue which is crushing African-Americans.GUTFELD: Should -- isn't it frustrating that the Republicans aren't taking advantage of this opportunity? It takes somebody like Trump to do it but I get it, Republicans always get rejected and mocked in the media for trying. But this seems like a great opportunity, and I wish that both, you know, the Black voters and the Republican could actually meld into a beautiful relationship.PIRRO: You know, it is a great opportunity. And I think that Donald Trump is setting the tone for other candidates. I mean, you know, when I ran for office, I was a Republican, Conservative, Independent and I went into Black churches and I was welcomed into Black churches. I mean, you just have to - - you just have to let people know that your concerns are their concerns or theirs are yours or whatever.But Black Americans are like all other Americans. To them the number one issue is the economy. And Donald Trump when it comes to inflation and the economy is up plus-14 points. And it's very sad that Kamala Harris, although she's been added to the ticket or she's vice president, she hasn't been able to change anything. They're losing black voters.And you know it's not because of one issue. We know repeatedly we see that the minority voters are being subjugated to the illegals who are being brought in. And they know that and it's a Democrat Party that's doing that. So, I mean you know Joe Biden has to learn that some of his Progressive policies are hurting the people that he expects to follow him because you're not Black if you don't vote for Joe Biden.GUTFELD: And I guess the -- you know, maybe the Democrats will realize that ticking the box whether it is Kamala Harris or KJP is so transparent now. Everybody sees it coming and they don't trust you.Ahead, Hollywood Legend Dennis Quaid called Trump and A-hole but in a positive way.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)O'LEARY: Is Liberal blue Hollywood turning red? Actor Dennis Quaid giving a very interesting answer to Piers Morgan on why he's voting for former President Donald Trump. Watch this.DENNIS QUAID, ACTOR: I think I'm going to vote for him.PIERS MORGAN, HOIST, PIERS MORGAN UNCENSORED: Are you ready for the blowback?QUAID: It just makes sense. People might call him (BLEEP), but he's my (BLEEP).(END VIDEO CLIP)O'LEARY: You got to love that. What do you think?PIRRO: I love it. I mean, you know the truth is you can't question Donald Trump's love for this country and love for America, and the fact that you know, he is doing things to help this country. When he was President, we weren't involved in any wars, the inflation was -- it wasn't in wasn't what it is now, gas prices, food prices, all that stuff. You know, when Democrats can't stand that fact, it makes them crazy. But the truth is that you know, Americans will vote for Trump based upon the fact that they had a better life when Trump was president. And you know, if you don't like his tweets, too bad. But you know, when it comes to your pocketbook and a lot of women look at this, they're happier with Trump.O'LEARY: Jesse, do celebrity endorsements even matter?GUTFELD: Who cares?WATTERS: Well, if I was to endorse someone, watch their numbers rocket. I mean, The Rock just unendorsed Joe Biden. Patrick Mahomes says, you know what, I'm not going to make an endorsement this year. A lot of celebrities aren't wanting to get involved with Joe Biden because Joe Biden is boring and doesn't act.If you're a Republican, if you're a Democrat, at least you respect action. A president who has strength who sees problems and tries to solve them. An old man doddering around and blaming everybody and then just sending out crazy actors to intimidate juries. Hollywood doesn't like that. Even if Hollywood's on board with De Niro, they don't like the games that are being played.O'LEARY: I'm worried about family values when you use the A-hole. I mean, - -PERINO: Are you worried?O'LEARY: Well, I mean --PERINO: I know -- I know what you mean but I feel like we are way past that. I mean, if you look at just some of the language that everyone is using. But I also think that when you see some people of fame who are leaving Hollywood, Dennis Quade lives in Nashville now, several others have left, they're leaving in Las Vegas or in -- leaving California because it's so terrible, basically giving a little bit of a push back to the Hollywood permission structure. I'm not saying that it's going to have a major effect, but it certainly can't hurt Donald Trump.O'LEARY: What do you think?GUTFELD: That's a great compliment. I hope somewhere I'm somebody's ass- hole. I hope I'm your ass-hole.PIRRO: Oh, my God.WATTERS: You're the show is ass-hole.GUTFELD: Thank you.O'LEARY: I mean, to achieve ass-hole status, I mean, that's really something. That's really something.PIRRO: You could trademark it.PERINO: You're on your way.O'LEARY: Well --GUTFELD: That we broke a record.PERINO: Oh, boy.O'LEARY: All right, all right, "ONE MORE THING" is up next. Stay tuned.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Perino on Politics this week, a podcast with Harold Ford Jr. Don't miss it. OK, Jesse.WATTERS: Father's Day is just around the corner. You know you want it. You know you need it. You got to go to the Fox shop. Here we go, guys. We got golf balls, Pro V1s. They don't slice, I promise. Hats, coffee mugs, you got pint glasses. Look at this beautiful decanter.PERINO: That's nice.PIRRO: That's beautiful.WATTERS: And we got some cocktail glasses. All of that and more, mouse pads, polo shirts. Go get it at foxnews.shop. And tonight, JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," an investigation, Joe Biden's DEI Elmo.PERINO: What?WATTERS: A special report.PERINO: Greg!GUTFELD: Oh, tonight we got a great selection of ass-holes. Chael Sonnen, Sage Steele, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. Tune in 10:00 p.m.PERINO: OK, Judge.PIRRO: I'm on Hannity tonight.PERINO: OK, Kevin.O'LEARY: A Virginia woman is $50,000 richer because she used the numbers in her fortune cookie to actually put it in.PERINO: Oh, it can work.O'LEARY: Except everybody, there's way too much sugar in these cookies. Don't eat them.PERINO: That's it for us tonight.PIRRO: Oh, eat them.PERINO: Sorry, guys. We got to go. Have a good night!O'LEARY: Don't eat these cookies.