GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you, John and Sandra. Good afternoon. I'm Gillian Turner, in for Martha MacCallum. This is THE STORY. President Biden making his first public remarks a short while ago after former President Trump's 34 count felony conviction. He says, his top political rival should now have the opportunity to appeal the guilty verdict, same as every other American. He did not answer shouted questions from reporters. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Donald Trump refers to himself as a political prisoner and blames you directly. What's your response to that, sir?Do you think the conviction will have an impact on the campaign?We'd love to hear your thoughts, sir.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Should he be on the ballot, sir?(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Well, just prior to those remarks, Trump vowed to appeal the verdict resulting from what he insists was a scam trial, once again blaming politics for the conviction. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This should have been a non-case and everybody said it was a non-case including Bragg. Bragg said until I ran for office. And then they saw the polls I was leading the Republicans, I was leading the Democrats, I was leading everybody, and all of a sudden they brought it back. It's a very sad thing that's happening in our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Well, Ohio Senator and Trump ally J.D. Vance says the trial was a disgrace to the rule of law. He's here with us. We will get his reaction in a moment. First, we go to our political panel. We've got Clay Travis, OutKick Founder; Marie Harf, former State Department Spokesperson under President Obama, also a Fox News Contributor; Gianno Caldwell, Fox News Political Analyst.Thanks to all of you for being here on this Friday. Great to see you. Let's start with you, Clay. The Biden campaign reacted to the Trump, excuse me, the former President Trump's remarks this morning. They called him unhinged, confused, and desperate. Take a look at this.This is just part of the statement they put out. "This man cannot be president of the U.S., unhinged by his 2020 election loss and spiraling from his criminal convictions. Trump is consumed by his own thirst for revenge and retribution. He thinks this election is about him, but it's not. It's about the American people lowering their costs, protecting their freedoms, defending their democracy." What do you say?CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, first of all, if it's about lowering their cost, he's managed to increase the cost since he came into office for 20 percent for everybody, no matter what you're buying, whether it's your food, whether it's your gas, no matter what it is, pretty much everybody has gotten a pay cut based solely on that.TURNER: I think you mean just 19 percent, Clay.TRAVIS: Just 19 percent, yes, let's go ahead and make that correction, very important. But also, if it's about democracy well let's talk about that for a moment. He's trying to put his chief political adversary in prison for the rest of his life and arguing that somehow that is preserving democracy here's what's actually going on: Joe Biden and his administration, they're doing everything they claim that Donald Trump would do during his term in office in their actual term in office.So, I think this election in five months and change is the most important of our lives and I think the stakes have been raised in the wake of what I think is a failed jury. I'm very disappointed in those New York City jurors. This case was not proven. And unfortunately, if they can do it to Trump they can do it to anybody I'd encourage anybody who can get out of those blue states move to red states because there's going to be more people targeted just like Trump was.TURNER: Marie is President Biden trying to put his chief political rival, as Clay says, behind bars?MARIE HARF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Absolutely not. I know Trump supporters love to say that. Nothing could be further from the truth. This was a legal process where 12 Americans convicted the former president unanimously. So, I know it's a convenient talking point, but it's just not true. I think what President Biden did today, Gillian, is really smart.He made comments about the trial, said Trump could appeal if he wanted to, also made it clear that Donald Trump is now a convicted felon. I agree with Clay on one thing, that this is the most important election of our lifetimes. And the other thing, Gillian, that Biden did today was talk about a proposal he is working on actively to get the hostages home from Hamas and to get a lasting peace for Israel.So, he's pointing out that Donald Trump is on trial, has been convicted, he is a felon, while Joe Biden is governing. He's protecting our allies, he's protecting our national security, he's trying to get American hostages home. That is a contrast that I think is a very smart one to draw.And I think that Trump is only going to get angrier, is only going to get more vengeful, is only going to get more unhinged because the things he fears the most, bankruptcy and jail -- we're getting pretty close to the second one because of his actions.TURNER: Gianno, what do you think is the best path forward for Republicans to respond to this? Is it lawfare? Is it political vengeance as a lot of folks are vowing now? Or is it to sort of eke out some kind of a high road so that the American people can actually move forward into this 2024 election cycle.GIANNO CALDWELL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, first and foremost, what I just heard Marie said sounds like something out of a Daily Onion article. I don't know. Whereas we see Joe Biden clearly wants to get Donald Trump out of this race by some way, somehow, whether it be jail or pay them in a very despicable light in untruths. That's the facts. Now, when we're talking about what is it Republicans should do --TURNER: Well, that's just a political campaign. Not throwing people behind bars, but speaking untruths, you know --CALDWELL: This is more on the extreme side of things. This isn't our normal traditional politics as usual. We all know that. Nothing like this has ever happened. In fact, a CNN Legal Analyst said and a New Yorker, he said, in New York, no state prosecutor in New York or Wyoming or anywhere has ever charged federal election laws as a direct or predicate state crime against anyone for anything, none, ever. So, this is obviously something that's very nuanced, very different, and something that many Americans should be very concerned with.Now, when we talk about what should Republicans do, yes, we should highlight accomplishments. We should talk about issues of impact to the American people. We should talk about inflation and how that's robbing many individuals of their income and their ability to buy the things that they need. Also, reach out to the Black community, like Trump did in the Bronx. We should be doing a lot of those. We should be reaching out to the Hispanics and young people.So, that's what you should be doing. We should move around and continue pushing forward with the messaging of the day that has been resonating with the American people. And you know that because the polls numbers have been telling that story.TURNER: All right, panel, we've got to leave it there. Thanks for joining us. Marie, Clay, and Gianno, talk to you soon. Have a great weekend.TRAVIS: Thank you.HARF: Thanks.TURNER: All right, let's bring in Ohio Senator J.D. Vance now. He was at the former president's trial to show support as he was facing the charges. He just signed off on a GOP letter as well, vowing to no longer cooperate with, as I understand it, correct me if I'm misunderstanding, any Democratic legislative packages or nominations moving forward. Let's pick up there, real quick, Senator. Is the letter and the, and the, what you express in the letter, is it more about vengeance or is this more about a political strategy for you guys?SEN. JD VANCE (R-OH): No, look, it's an effort to, first of all, our voters are so desperate for people to actually fight back against this lawfare and that's exactly what it is. They don't just want us to write letters. They don't want us to just criticize as important as that is. They actually want us to do something. And there are a number of Senate procedures that Democrats use, frankly, to grease the wheels of very destructive pieces of legislation.We sometimes allow that stuff in the name of bipartisanship or in the name of comedy. And I think what a lot of us are saying is, look, if they're going to try to throw Donald Trump in prison, we're taking the gloves off and we're actually fully pushing back against their agenda at all levels. Now, of course the agenda itself is a disaster and it is telling that Joe Biden is not talking about lowering inflation because he can't.He's not talking about securing the border because he can't. The Democrats cooked up this sham prosecution so they could distract from their failures as a governing party, and I just don't think the American people are going to go for it.TURNER: When you say the Democrats cooked up the trial, do you believe that the president was directly involved in some kind of an effort to stand up the charges and the trial?VANCE: I don't know if he was directly involved in it but we know he was indirectly involved in it because the number three person at the Biden Department of Justice left the DOJ to go join the New York prosecutor's office and actually go after Donald Trump.I really standing here, it's been 24 hours, cannot believe that the New York prosecutor, a city that is rife with crime, cooked up 34 felony counts based on a literal bookkeeping violation. The argument here at its root is that this is -- somebody who worked for Donald Trump, not even Donald Trump himself, filled out paperwork in the wrong way, so they're trying to throw him in prison at the height of the presidential election.It really is shameful and disgraceful, and completely aside from her views on this election, I think the American people have to say, do we want to become a country where we try to jail our political opponents rather than persuading the American people? Biden has really set us down a very dark road in this country.TURNER: So, President Biden speaking you know a couple of hours ago actually spoke to the argument you just outlined. He essentially called the argument reckless. Take a listen, I'll get you to respond to him directly.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's reckless, it's dangerous, it's irresponsible for anyone to say this was rigged just because they don't like the verdict.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: What do you say to that?VANCE: Well, Biden calls anything reckless when it's just the truth. We need to be able to criticize this thing. And frankly, you know, Biden talks about the verdict. I'm much more worried about the fact that the judge had a financial interest, his daughter works for Democrats fundraising for them, off of this very trial.I'm much more worried about the fact that the judge was a Biden campaign donor, which by the way is a violation of New York judicial ethics, and I'm much more worried about the fact that he made numerous reversible errors here. The trial fundamentally was rigged. It was always about politics. Alvin Bragg was funded by a far-left Democratic donor trying on the campaign promise to go after Donald Trump.So, I don't think any objective person can look at this and say that it was about justice. And unfortunately, the real losers here are the American people. Law and order as at the heart of our system, not trying to jail your political opponents because they're about to win an election.TURNER: Well, the good news for Republicans is that you've pulled in a stunning, the NRSC and the Trump campaign, a stunning amount of money since the verdict. It's evident by social media, by reporting, man on the street interviews that the GOP, the base is really fired up about this. But people aren't going to the polls tomorrow or next week. You know, November 5 is a long way away. I'm not good at math, but I think it's just about five months now.VANCE: Sure.TURNER: Do you have concerns that this story loses power, loses steam, momentum over the next few months or now?VANCE: Well, look, I think the politics of this, Gillian, are good for us. I do think this has backfired. People see what Joe Biden is doing. And I think people are going to remember what Joe Biden has done here five months from now, and it will help Republicans electorally. But I'm actually much more worried about the damage this has done to American democracy, our constitutional system here.Really, at the heart of this whole process of ours, this whole project of America, is you have two parties. They each make their argument to the American people, and the American people chooses who governs them based on results and based on who makes the best arguments. What Joe Biden has done is shredded 250 years of American constitutional tradition. They say that Donald Trump should go to jail for committing a paperwork violation.Joe Biden has done far worse, and even his own Department of Justice says, well, he can't stand trial because he's too weak and feeble. The political bias here is really off the charts, and I think it's going to cause damage to our judicial system, into Americans' faith in their own country. Whatever happens politically, and I think Donald Trump is going to win. The damage has been done here and Joe Biden needs to be penalized for it.TURNER: Well Senator, I know it's a busy day for you. Thanks for taking time out of it to join us. We appreciate it.VANCE: Thanks, Gillian. See you.TURNER: Well, former Trump attorney Jim Trusty, Kevin O'Leary, and Pete Hegseth all coming up. This is ordinary Americans now having their say on the conviction of former President Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kind of blows my mind. Can you say banana republic?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's the right verdict and I think it's a great result for New York and for America.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It scares me that we would literally go after any, whether it's a Democrat, a Republican, an Independent, any person running for office, that we would go after them in order to silence them. That's a scary place to be and I don't want to live in America like that.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back. Former President Donald Trump now is vowing to appeal his conviction this morning. Among his list of reasons for wanting to overturn is this. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We're going to be appealing this scam. We're going to be appealing it on many different things. He wouldn't allow us to have witnesses, he wouldn't allow us to talk, he wouldn't allow us to do anything. The judge was a tyrant.I've never seen anything like it. And neither has anybody that was in that courthouse where he demanded that the courthouse be cleared. Now, the good news is most of the people in the courthouse were the media. And anybody that was in the media of your fair, you'll say wow, that was anger. That was crazed. He was crazed.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: All right. Well, let's bring in former attorney to former President Trump, Jim Trusty. He is also a former federal prosecutor, perfect guy to talk to us this afternoon.Jim, something else that Trump talked about today that caught my attention, because he didn't need to bring it up, was the fact that he had really, really wanted to testify on his own behalf in the trial.Listening to him, it made me question whether that was maybe a signal to his team, like, hey, this -- the verdict could have gone another way if the jurors heard from me. Did you read anything into that?JIM TRUSTY, FORMER TRUMP ATTORNEY: Yes, hard to know. I mean, look, that is a very typical kind of situation with kind of high-powered white-collar cases where you have an executive who's used to really kind of controlling his world that has to be subjected to the criminal process.And so, you know, if that's his reaction, he is not alone. There is plenty of like C-suite executives that would go to trial, lose, and say, man, if I just had that chance to explain.A lot of times, that's what gets them in trouble in the first place. They say, I just need to talk to the FBI and explain what's happening. And the next thing they know they are being charged with false statements or other crimes.So, look, you know, I think it was the right decision for him not to testify, no matter what friction was between attorney and client, because, number one, the judge had made rulings that all sorts of stuff -- I mean, we already had a case where basically sorted, replaced illegal. And then, we're going to allow a whole bunch of stuff on cross examination like E. Jean Carroll, which I don't know how that has anything to do with this trial. That was going to come out.And again, you want the focus to be on Michael Cohen. I mean, look, it may have been a foregone conclusion in terms of the jury pool and the jury instructions, but you want the case to be about Cohen's credibility and nobody else's.TURNER: So, vowing to appeal, sure, the team is already working on that process. It's going to take a while. How do they go about that work when it's not clear to their team, it's not clear to the American public, maybe even internally to some of the jurors, what the underlying crime ultimately was that bumped this up to a felony? Or is that maybe -- is that the basis of the appeal?(CROSSTALK)TRUSTY: Yes, I mean -- I think that's pretty -- a pretty central part. Look, there is a number of different things that could be subject to appeal here. One is, what the president mentioned about the former FEC chair, not being allowed to testify in any sort of wholesome fashion and eventually being not called to the stand, you know, the jury, nobody knew what the underlying basis for felonization was, until at the earliest the charging conference.So, that is a bizarre spectacle to be on trial where you don't really know the government's theory until the end of the case.And then, the instructions, which were supposed to be very instructive on, for instance, what is the federal election law that's involved. That never really came out. They just got this kind of buffet of pick a basis for felonizing these misdemeanors.And so, I think the combination of not being able to call the FEC chair to talk about how there is no violation, and the government friendly instructions, is a central part of the appeal. I would also say, the Harvey Weinstein case complicates things. It was came out during this trial, emphasizing New York courts don't like collateral other crimes evidence, and we had already heard about Karen McDougal, and the Access Hollywood recording may not be crimes, but bad acts.So, there is -- there is some really, I think, pretty sexy issues on appeal for the defense team to play with. That's just a couple of big ones.TURNER: What about is it going to go all the way up to the Supreme Court do you think? This -- or -- and does the court have any ability to like kind of reach down and take this case if it wants to while it's working itself through the appeals process?TRUSTY: Yes, I've heard a few people suggest that there might be a ticket to the Supreme Court. I believe it when I see it. I think most cases that are tried in state court, they are going to have to exhaust the state system before there is even a chance. And, you know, that could take over a year.TURNER: Right.TRUSTY: I don't really see a likely expedition of this.TURNER: OK.TRUSTY: So, you've got two levels of appellate court in New York, and then you've got kind of the basic, low percentage of a chance that the Supreme Court would take it after that. But again, I think the lower courts are going to have some pretty juicy stuff to wrestle with.TURNER: Speaker of the House today, said he hopes that they step in and do take this case eventually. We'll see what happens. Jim. Thanks for joining us. We got to leave it there.TRUSTY: Sure. Good to see you, Gillian.TURNER: You too.President Biden says Hamas can no longer carry out an October 7th-style terror attack now.He is calling for a new ceasefire in Gaza as the issue continues to hurt Democrats ahead of the election. We got Pete Hegseth standing by. He is going to weigh in with us coming up next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And as long as Hamas lives up to its commitments, a temporary ceasefire will become -- in the words of the pros, the Israeli proposal, the "cessation of hostilities permanently."(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back. After commenting on former President Trump's conviction, President Biden today turned to an issue that's hurting him in the polls, laying out an Israeli plan to bring an end to the war with Hamas. It would start with a temporary six-week ceasefire and pave the way to bringing home hostages and eventually rebuilding Gaza. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I know there are those in Israel who will not agree with this plan, and will call for the war to continue indefinitely.And the hostages are not a priority to them. Well, I've urged the leadership in Israel to stand behind this deal, despite whatever pressure comes.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: So, let's bring in Pete Hegseth, "FOX AND FRIENDS WEEKEND", co- host.Pete, the president laid out, you know, this is the proposal on the table, Israel is on board. It's got three phases, made it sound like it's pretty clear cut.I don't want to say it was a weird move, but it was certainly unexpected for him to take to national television today on a Friday, amidst all the other news to talk about this?(CROSSTALK)PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes --TURNER: I don't know. What did you think?HEGSETH: I had the same feeling, Gillian. It -- but it did feel very calculated. They could have done this any day at any time. This is probably something they have been sitting on for a while.To me, it felt like, and I'll talk about the substance for a second. But it felt like a politically calculated move. It felt like my opponent is facing criminal trials. He's bogged down. I'm going to try to look like a statesman solving Middle East peace. And here is the plan to placate folks who support Israel and maybe placate the folks who've been criticizing me because I haven't done enough for a ceasefire, but that have the approach hasn't worked so far.And here is the thing to the actual brass tacks, that the address, Gillian. It was far from clear -- it was very vague, very ambiguous, not good terms for Israel. And ultimately, if you don't finish the fight against Hamas, it means the fight never goes away. And what this would guarantee is that Hamas lives to fight another day.And lowering the bar to say they are not able to commit another October 7th level attack is very different than destroying Hamas. So, he's continues to hamstring Israel. I think he's trying to look strong at a moment when he thinks his opponent might be weak. I think he's got that wrong. But that's their perception. And that hence, you get this speech today.TURNER: So, it was just like a week or two ago, I'd have to go back to the calendar. But remember, Hamas came out of nowhere and said, great news. We've signed on to a peace deal. We have agreed with Israel and nobody in the administration knew anything about it. Nobody in Israel knew anything about it. Turns out that the whole thing was just, you know, another ploy for, you know, their nefarious purposes.HEGSETH: Yes.TURNER: Do you think part of this was maybe an attempt to prevent that happening again, with whatever the current version of the deal is that's on the table?HEGSETH: I mean, maybe, by trying to be straightforward about what it represents, and to call Hamas's bluff, because it was a giant P.R. move by them.But there is nothing earnest about what Hamas is doing at this point. They are trying to leverage cow casualties, string out the time, use hostages to their own benefit to try to make Israel look bad and bring on international condemnation and they are counting out of White House to fall for it, which they have so far done so.If you let the Israelis crush Hamas and kill every last Hamas fighter, you get to the point where they're on their knees, begging to give hostage -- make a hostage exchange. That's on your terms. I think the Israelis understand that, certain, the Biden White House doesn't. And so, they are pushing them into tough scenarios like this.TURNER: So, I know that you're on a bit of a crusade to kind of dig up some of the core -- you know, the -- some of the -- I don't know what you want to call it. The disease, the fungus that's like eating away it's a morale of a lot of servicemen and women today. The cultural warfare that has now spilled over into the military.(CROSSTALK)HEGSETH: Yes.TURNER: I hear that you have been writing away and have a new book coming out too, and do you want to tell us about it?HEGSETH: Yes. Gillian, thank you. I've got a new book coming out next week, Tuesday. You can order it right now, you'll have it Tuesday. It's called "The War on Warriors: Behind the Betrayal of the Men who Keep Us Free."Gillian, you're exactly right. Our military should be focused on meritocracy and lethality, crushing and defeating our enemies with the best of the best, not insidious ideologies that have us distracted and focused on other things. So I interviewed dozens and dozens of active serving members, I drew on my own service to look at new strands that are really deteriorating morale and distracting our forces and are bad for our ability to fight that next war and finish it.So it's the "War on Warriors." It's a quick, easy read but we named some names and I think you'll enjoy it. Thank you.TURNER: Do you have any solutions what to do going forward real quick before I let you go?HEGSETH: Got to fire a lot of generals, and you got to recruit patriotic young men and women who loved the country without these woke ads that make it look like only people with two mommies should be serving. So it's pretty straightforward. You can do it. We just have to get back to what we've done before.TURNER: All right. Pete, have a great show this weekend. Thanks for spending time we us.HEGSETH: Thank you, Gillian. You got it.TURNER: Well coming up, what Elon Musk has to say about a potential role in a Trump administration. This is the former president gains support among business leaders ahead of the election. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIEL CLIFTON, POLICY RESEARCH HEAD AND PARTNER, STRATEGAS: On a relative basis, I know with Trump, I may get some stability on geopolitics, I may be able to get a stronger economy, that's sort of the equation that's going on with some of those donors.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: We've got a very special Friday guest for you, "Shark Tank" investor Kevin O'Leary is on tap. He's joining us next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back. Former President Trump ends up back in the White House, Elon Musk could be one of his top advisors. This is according to the Wall Street Journal. Musk says there have been no talks about that, however, but the rumors just won't die. The Trump campaign tells Fox Business correspondent Ed Lawrence, "President Trump will be the only voice of what role an individual plays in his presidency."Well, let's bring in Shark Tank star and investor Kevin O'Leary. He's chairman of O'Leary Ventures. Kevin, I want to hear all your thoughts about the verdict that came in yesterday. I also want to hear what you think about these sort of GOP mega-donors that have come forward in the last 24 hours and pledged hundreds of thousands of dollars each to the former president's campaign. I know you're generally a supporter, are you thinking of following suit?KEVIN O'LEARY, CHAIRMAN, O'LEARY VENTURES: Well, I'm a supporter of entrepreneurship in America and I'll support any president that supports entrepreneurs. They create 62 percent of jobs in this country. But on this particular day, which is historic, and it's been detailed since yesterday, I have a bit of a different take.And I'm thinking about the history of this. It's really unique. It's a moment in time we're living through. It's never happened before. I was over in Europe last week raising funds and they were intrigued by this, because generally speaking, you don't do this to ex-prime ministers or presidents in the G7. This is what happens in South America, in some countries like Venezuela.But here we are. I mean, there's many Venezuelan presidents that have been indicted and been to jail, et cetera. I hope we're not making our brand look like that. I actually think, in retrospect, years from now, when we look at this outcome, if President Trump wins the presidency, and I think it's 50/50. But if he does, the person that put him there, and this may sound rather unique is Alvin Bragg. And I'll tell you why I say that.Before he got in any in the range of any charges two years ago, a third of the Republican Party was looking for an alternative to Trump because of the chaos as they said. They wanted a new leader to get away from this, and all the issues they had, and Jan 6 and everything else. And then Bragg brought these charges and the whole party coalesced behind him in a matter of 48 hours.And then the country bifurcated and everything became very, very intense. Fundraising both sides went up, both parties got behind their candidate. And actually what's going to happen here, and this is, you may disagree with this but if Trump becomes president, he actually owes this to Alvin Bragg. Alvin Bragg made Donald Trump president again. That's what happened.And I know that sounds crazy but I think history will look on this as exactly how it occurred, because there was that moment when Trump was losing traction in the party and Bragg bought it right back to 110 percent. For him, and you know, that that may be an unintended consequence but that's what history will say.TURNER: I mean, what we saw yesterday was certainly, as you said, a historical moment, a pivotal point, not just for the campaign's but, you know, for all of America, what do you think about generally, before I let you go, this idea of titans of industry and business serving advisory roles in an administration? Is it a good idea?O'LEARY: Very important. For every one of the 11 sector, the S&P, the leader of the nation should always talk to leaders of business because that is our economy. There's nothing wrong with that. And these are negotiated periods before any of the candidates win their presidency. They should be talking, that narrow should be going on.TURNER: All right. Well, Kevin, it was great talking to you. Thanks for joining us taking time on this Friday. We appreciate you.O'LEARY: Take care.TURNER: Thank you. Well coming up next, Hunter Biden and his federal gun trial could further complicate the race for the White House. We got all the details coming up next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HUNTER BIDEN, JOE BIDEN'S SON: Like every single person that I've ever known, I have fallen and I've gotten up. I've done esteemable things and things that are been in my life that I regret. Every single one of the things has brought me exactly to where I am right now, which is probably the best place I've ever been in my life.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Welcome back. Hunter Biden is set to go on trial facing gun charges in Delaware beginning Monday. He also faces another trial on tax charges in California, that's slated to begin in September. Feds indicted him in both cases after a plea deal collapsed in court last year.Justice correspondent David Spunt is with me here now in Washington with all the details. What's going to happen Monday?DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS JUSTICE CORRESPONDENT: Well we'll see if there's going to be a plea deal because it's always possible at the last minute there could be one. But at this point, it doesn't appear that one is in the works. Hunter Biden's attorney hinted in court that Hunter may have not even checked no in the box on the federal firearm form. That is key to the entire case. Gillian.Hunter Biden was seen getting on Air Force One just hours ago on his way to Washington from Delaware. He's charged with three felony counts of lying on a federal gun form in 2018 when claiming he was not a drug user. Hunter's attorney, Abbe Lowell, previewed a theory in court last week that Hunter did not check no on this form to being a drug user. He says it needs to be examined whether other people may have filled out parts of the form kind of questioning the chain of command.The Special Counsel is confident Hunter was the one who checked no in the box. Special Counsel David Weiss's team will introduce parts of the Hunter Biden evidence laptop, which Hunters lawyers fought to vigorously exclude. We don't know yet which parts though.Remember, this is the same laptop that 51 former intelligence officials touted as having all the classic earmarks of a Russian information operation. It wasn't in the special Counsel's Office wrote recently. The defendant's laptop is real. It will be introduced as a trial exhibit and it contains significant evidence of the defendant's guilt. Moreover, the evidence on his laptop is corroborated by independent sources.Judge Maryellen Noreika rule the Special Counsel cannot mention Hunter's indictment and pending tax case in California. But this is the same trial judge who tore up that plea deal. Gillian, you mentioned last summer that would have allowed Hunter Biden to plead guilty to two misdemeanors and avoid prison time on those gun charges.Again, it's always possible an 11th hour plea deal could be cut, but it seems both sides are ready for jury selection on Monday. This trial may last two weeks, possibly going into a third but prosecutors say they don't expect it to take more than two weeks. And we'll see if the defense even calls Hunter as a potential witness, which is always possible.TURNER: Well, no one better to cover it than you. You've been covering all along, along with Jake Gibson, our stellar Justice Department producer. So we'll be watching all the coverage starting Monday.SPUNT: Thank you, Gillian.TURNER: Thanks, David. President Biden may be in for an awkward face to face with Kansas City Chiefs' kicker Harrison Butker. This after the three time Super Bowl winner had this to say about the President's faith.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRISON BUTKER, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS' KICKER: Our own nation is led by a man who publicly and proudly proclaims his Catholic faith, but at the same time is delusional enough to make the sign of the cross during a pro-abortion rally.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: We got former NFL player Jack Brewer on tap he joins us next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Well, just moments from now President Biden is going to welcome the NFL champion Kansas City Chiefs to the White House. This is for the second year in a row. The event could maybe get a little awkward for the President. He's expected to appear on stage with Chiefs' kicker Harrison Butker, who called the president delusional during a faith-based commencement speech earlier this month that went viral. Former NFL safety Jack Brewer standing by to join us with his reaction, but first we got a White House correspondent Peter DoocyPETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: And, Gillianm Harrison Butker's beef with President Biden is that he thinks the President's abortion stance conflicts with his Catholic faith. We know that the Chiefs' are already here getting shown around the White House. Harrison Bucher is believed to have made the trip. The White House explained they don't single out individuals for events like this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So can you confirm that everyone on the team is obviously invited as the Chiefs' kicker Harrison Butker welcome at this White House.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: What I can say, you would have to obviously -- what I can say is we invite the entire team and we do that always. I don't have anything beyond that.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Wives and girlfriends are invited to this celebration. TMZ has a photographer who is reporting the tight end Travis Kelce got on the charter plane in Kansas City without Taylor Swift, so it's possible she arrived separately. White House officials claimed not to know if she is going to swing by during this very short break on her European tour.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: I think the Swiftie is behind these double doors are hoping that Taylor Swift makes an appearance. I don't have anything for you. I don't know.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Rashee Rice is also expected to be here at the White House for this celebration. He is the wide receiver for the Kansas City Chiefs. So as a hero in the playoffs on the field, currently in trouble with the Dallas Police for a allegedly being a part of a hit and run accident, Gillian.TURNER: Thanks. Well, Peter, I hope you brought your autograph book with you today because you're likely to get good signatures.DOOCY: Nobody wants an autograph. People just want a selfie now.TURNER: Yes, that's true.DOOCY: We'll make it happen.TURNER: All right. We'll talk to you later. Thanks, Peter.I'm bringing in Jack Brewer now. He played for four teams in the NFL as a safety. He's now chairman of the Jack Brewer Foundation. Thanks for taking time with us today.I want to get your general response reaction to yesterday's historic verdict before we get into the details of what's going on at the White House today?JACK BREWER, FORMER NFL DEFENSIVE BACK: You know, it's a sad day in America. I mean, just when you start thinking about the implications of having the 45th president which has really started a political movement across our nation, now all of a sudden being persecuted as if we're in a third world country, you know?I was looking it up and I saw that Manuel Noriega actually has less felony convictions than President Donald J. Trump. And so, it's just a sad time. I pray for him. I hope the president uses this as a spiritual opportunity to speak, you know, so many men and women, and families across America have been impacted by the criminal justice system. And now he's one of those fathers.He's a father impacted by the criminal justice system. And we have 18.6 million fatherless kids in America who have dads locked up, and this is a great time for President Trump to speak on that and talk about redemption in the way that so many have been misused in a criminal justice system in this country.TURNER: That was a very interesting thing. I just heard you say that I have not heard anybody else say, which is rare. I think that everything that could have been said about this trial has been said in the last 24 hours. Jack, I want to ask you now about Harrison Butker's remarks that garnered a whole lot of controversy last month when he made them. Take a listen to this quick clip, I'll get your reaction.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BUTKER: Bad policies and poor leadership have negatively impacted major life issues. Our own nation is led by a man who publicly and proudly proclaims his Catholic faith, but at the same time is delusional enough to make the sign of the cross during a pro-abortion rally.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: I mean, President Biden and his family has long said that there is no conflict and that there is enough space within the Catholic base for faith -- for people to still maintain some of their own individualized spiritual beliefs. What do you make about the controversy?BREWER: I think that Harrison has done an amazing job of showing the world that there really are people here in America that use their platform and their God given gifts to speak the gospel and to speak to truth, and to stand for their faith. You know, they're not all only out for power and money. And I think that's the message to President Biden, the Biden administration, is that sometimes, you know, just to do things for political reasons and purposes, and to fundraise and raise money.It's just not justice. This is not true. And Harrison Butker right now is demonstrating truth to the American people, standing on the word of God. Those are not his words, right? Those are not his issues, those are not his policies. Those are written in scripture. And unfortunately, the Democratic Party has symbolized to America that their policies align with Sodom and Gomorrah, aligned with the things that are not righteous across America. And that's just not okay.And so, I applaud Harrison for his bravery. And I pray for him today as he goes into the White House. Hopefully he shows the love and the light in the hope of Jesus Christ to help bring this nation together in a time of division.TURNER: All right. Well, Jack, thanks for taking time with us today on this Friday. Always good to hear from you. Thank you.BREWER: God bless you. Thank you so much.TURNER: We'll take a look at this. Next week, Martha is going to anchor the story live from Normandy. This is to mark 80 years since D-Day. In her new "Untold Story" podcast, 98-year-old World War II veteran Jack Gutman talks about serving as a medic on Omaha Beach when he was just 18 years old. Let's take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JACK GUTMAN, WORLD WAR II VETERAN: When we hit the beach, three hours later after the initial deal, we thought it was going to be a cakewalk. And it turned out to be hell. God, the bodies were in the water. And for an 18- year-old to see that and on the beach, and you had a walk in water up the hips, and the guns are still going on. Kill it, guys. It was terrible.And I've often told many people where I speak, and I said, I felt not normal person. I was not -- otherwise, I was not prideful. I was -- I had a job to do and I did it. And I was a scared kid. But I'll tell you what, what I came upon that first man that was in their gushing blood. And I went to help him. And he yells out to me, doc, help me, help me.I'll tell you one thing. I became important to that soldier and I decided that's what I have to do. And I went into survival mode and started doing my job.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Well, you can hear more from World War II hero Jack Gutman on the "Untold Story." It's available now at Fox News podcasts.com. Check out the interview with Martha.We're continuing to get reaction into the newsroom from lawmakers on Capitol Hill, from supporters of the former president, from ordinary Americans across the country. Reaction to the historic verdict that was reached yesterday when the former president was found guilty on all 34 counts he was facing. We are going to continue to cover this all afternoon long for you.Coming up Monday, Martha will be hosting "The Story" as we mentioned from Normandy to mark the anniversary of D-Day. Also going to be jury selection in the highly anticipated Hunter Biden trial.That does it for us, "The Story" of Friday May 31s. As always "The Story" goes on. We'll see you back here at 3:00 PM Eastern. Here's Your World.