SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".Anthony Fauci grilled on the Hill and as always, his memory seems a little off. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Why was it so important the virus not have started in a lab?DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, FORMER NIAID DIRECTOR: Wasn't so important that the virus not -- we don't know. We know --JORDAN: It was important to someone in the Biden administration, so much so that the top people at Meta, the top people in Facebook are asking, why are we getting this pressure to downplay the lab leak theory?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And guess what? We have Dr. Rand Paul, Senator Rand Paul. He actually has the actual smoking emails. He put it in his book.Anyway, the once drunk with power Dr. Fauci has skirted accountability for years, while gaslighting the American people every step of the way. But his free pass, that might soon be over. We'll check in with Rand Paul, that's coming up.Also tonight, well, mass amnesty for illegal immigrants. According to this new report, the Biden administration, they just simply tossed out 350,000 illegal immigration cases, granting impunity to hundreds of thousands of unvetted Joe Biden illegals without even a trial.Also, tonight, pro basketball star Caitlin Clark is bringing fans into the WNBA in droves, but many of her fellow WNBA stars, they're not happy about it. Some are even violently lashing out on the court. And by the way, one idiot over at ESPN calling her the B word.Clay Travis, Tomi Lahren, they'll weigh in, straight ahead.But, first, one week after Trump was convicted of on all 34 bogus felony counts in New York's kangaroo court, the former president has now emerged more resolute than ever before. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I say it and it sounds beautiful, right? You know, my revenge will be success and I mean that. But it's awfully hard when you see what they've done, these people are so evil. And at the same time, the country can come together. People also say, can you bring the country together and the answer is yes. Success will bring the country together because I had it together.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, the momentum is certainly building for Donald Trump. Americans on both sides of the aisle, including commentators even on fake news CNN, they are speaking out against what was a gross abuse of power from both Alvin Bragg and Juan Merchan, everyone else involved in this political witch hunt.And now, Trump 's very own fundraising numbers are through the roof. In May, the Trump campaign and the RNC hauled in a whopping $141 million, nearly double April's numbers. The campaign says $53 million was collected in the first 24 hours after Trump's conviction, 25 percent of those donors, first time contributors.And while Biden only leaves home for tiny, barely attended short, heavily scripted events, his 2024 opponent Donald Trump just attended UFC fight in New Jersey. He was warmly greeted. The place was jammed and packed, having fun, clapping, very happy he was there.Anyway, this is in the Prudential Center. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SPORTSCASTER: Also with us tonight, 45, being ushered in by UFC CEO, Donald Trump is in the building, getting a standing ovation from the assembled masses here at the 302.SPORTSCASTER: Boy, the round of applause he's getting right now is pretty staggering and you had to imagine that's what was going to happen.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: By the way, anybody want to see Joe Biden go to a major sporting event, probably get booed right out of the stadium. Few Americans actually even really like Joe Biden. They know he's been a complete failure as your president and that's why Democrats are now resorting to lawfare, weaponizing the DOJ, that's why they're in a full-fledged panic.Trump is now calling on the Supreme Court to act before his sentencing. Otherwise, Alvin Bragg's political con job, well, that will need to slowly work its way through a variety of liberal New York courts filled with partisan judges who hate Donald Trump. This lawfare deserves to be rectified before the election. These questions must be answered -- did Alvin Bragg withhold exculpatory evidence from the indicting grand jury? Was Biden donor Judge Merchan obligated to recuse himself? What about the family conflicts?Were Donald Trump's Sixth Amendment rights violated by not telling him the crime that he was even being charged with? We didn't know to the end of the trial if we even know at this point. Did the judge allow prejudicial information during the trial? Did New York even have jurisdiction on a federal election law? Did the judge violate not one but two Supreme Court decisions, the latest in 2020, Ramos versus Louisiana, in his jury instructions that very clearly mandated unanimity of the jury on all issues? You can't have 4, 4, 4, as we have described. This lawfare, blatant abuse of power, it cannot stand.And meanwhile, we are monitoring yet another legal case, this one out of Delaware. Joe Biden loves to say nobody's above the law but he might be soon singing a very different tune now that his very own son is facing the possibility of real prison time.Now, this morning, Hunter Biden's felony gun trial finally got underway. He's accused of lying on a gun application, why, in order to purchase a firearm despite his ongoing drug abuse. Now, this very same firearm in question was ultimately recovered in a dumpster near a school.It was put there by his brother's former wife, his girlfriend at the time. And unlike the lawfare in New York, well, there are no cooked up charges or aggressive prosecutors campaigning on, we're going to get Hunter Biden? No, to the contrary, just the opposite of what you saw in New York.This trial features actual evidence, numerous credible witnesses and if I'd argue anything, I'd probably say the deck is stacked in his favor. He's a Biden in Delaware. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN BERMAN, CNN ANCHOR: The witnesses is brutal for Hunter Biden. It includes his ex-wife. It includes the wife of the late Beau Biden with whom Hunter had a relationship after Beau's death. It includes I believe another even woman that has an issue with Hunter Biden here.I mean that's tough stuff for Hunter here. Why would he want to go through that?JOEY JACKSON, CNN LEGAL ANALYST: I don't think he would and I think everything here that's going to be presented is very damaging.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Despite the evidence for a while, Hunter Biden appeared above the law. This is a trial that was never supposed to happen. Remember, according to "The New York Times", the DOJ's original plan was to charge Hunter with nothing, sweep all of these misdeeds under the rug. And for a while, it was all going along.According to plan, federal prosecutor David Weiss dragged on what appeared to be a fake investigation for years. Remember, he allowed the statute of limitations to run out on several serious tax crimes, conveniently we call them the Burisma years. He then reportedly seemed content to wrap up the probe without any charges.Then a little problem happened -- whistleblowers at the IRS, they sounded the alarm. Weiss, the DOJ had to move to plan B. What was plan B? That was the sweetheart Weiss deal masquerading as justice.Never before in the history of the country has a deal ever been that sweet. Even to the defense being asked by the judge in the courtroom, did you ever see anything, idea like this ever before, and they have to admit no. No felony tax charges, no jail time, differed meaningless gun charge and nothing else. But, unfortunately for Hunter, the plea real collapsed after the federal judge starting actually ask real questions.In a statement, Biden referred to his son as inspiring -- by the way, I'm glad that he did get off drugs and I hope he stays off them. You don't want that for anybody. But, of course, we want Hunter to get a fair trial and we trust that, well, Delaware, it might lean his way.No American, whether your name is Biden or Trump should have to face a partisan witch hunt? And, of course, no one in the Biden White House has of the decency to call out of the lawfare against Donald Trump. Quite the contrary, we hear they were celebrating in Biden headquarters, in the White House.And by the way, why did the third highest ranking person at Joe Biden's DOJ, why did they ever leave that prestigious position to prosecute a local case against Donald Trump in New York?Clearly, with a deeply involved and incompetent unpopular president -- well, the Democrats, they need all the political help they can get and this appears to be their number one strategy.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Jonathan Turley.Well, I labeled a few of the areas that I've identified that President Trump should appeal, I think because of the circumstances and the severity of the conflicts in this case and constitutional issues that are at hand here, it should be expedited I think the American people have a right to know if it's going to be overturned before the election. I would urge Trump's attorneys to pursue every avenue to get there. What would you advise them?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think they are going to pursue every avenue. I must say I do not hold out much hope that the Supreme Court will allow them to go directly to the highest court for review. The reason is that the Supreme Court previously turned down Jack Smith who wanted to expedite his own prosecution of Trump. And I think that some of the justices are going to want to stay within that same lane.Now, that means it goes through the New York criminal system and many of us don't have a lot of faith after this trial in that system. I think that initially at least, he may have some tough going, but I have to tell you, I think that these errors are rather glaring and obvious.I can't imagine this verdict being sustained on review. It just may take a while. It may occur later. In fact, it may not occur until they get to the Supreme Court.But I think the Trump campaign has to assume that it will not get a final review before the election.HANNITY: Yeah. All right. So we have July 11th, sentencing, somebody -- it's a class, what, E felony. We had the upcharge, of course, the novel legal theory that we spoke so often about. You have somebody that's never been convicted before. Usually, I would think that somebody would be released on their own recognizance, pending appeal.I suspect anything's possible with Judge Merchan. Will he try to put him in jail and have him miss his own con -- Republican convention? Is he going to have home confinement as part of this? You know, how far does he go?TURLEY: Well, before I sat in that courtroom, I would have said that all of these options were almost fanciful. I was really surprised what I saw in that courtroom. I felt that the judge was dead wrong in a number of his decisions. He ruled very heavily towards the prosecution, even liberal legal analysts have admitted to that.But to, first of all, to sentence him to jail ultimately as an elderly first offender and a nonviolent crime would be just such a huge departure from the norm in Manhattan and other courts, that I think that even many liberals would object that they would say that that -- that's that -- you're adding to this notion of a special criminal system just for Trump. It's bad enough that they effectively created a crime for him, zapping a dead misdemeanor into life and coming up with this rather novel theory.In terms of any sense being imposed before appeal, I would hope that Judge Merchan would suspend it or allow the appeal to go forward. There are a lot of options here. If you doesn't go with a jail sentence, which I think would be absurd, there's community service, there's home confinement.In most of these cases, I think you would have a conditional dismissal. This -- the type of go out and sin no more, you're on probation, or parole and you're under court review. I think that's what most judges would view a case of this kind. But nothing that has happened in this case is how things are usually done in the criminal justice system in my view.HANNITY: Yeah. All right. Jonathan Turley, we'll see. We'll see soon enough, only a few days before the Republican National Convention. This will be interesting.All right. Joining us now, FOX News contributors Miranda Devine, Ari Fleischer.Miranda was in the Delaware courtroom today.Let's get your general impression and we all know what Weiss's plan was. Plan A was no charges, sweep it under the rug. Then a little inconvenient moment came, the IRS whistleblowers. Plan B was okay, a slap on the wrist, no jail time. We'll brush it again under the carpet.Now, he gets appointed to be the guy to prosecute this case. Why do I think he's still the same guy that didn't want to charge him in the first place after he let the statute limitations on a lot of income years pass over on his watch?MIRANDA DEVINE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, Hannity, look, I mean, you're very perceptive there, and I saw an interest in little fleeting encounter between David Weiss and Hunter Biden today in the courtroom. It was very frosty. They came face to face as Hunter was walking out the door. He was going to confer with his lawyers about which jurors they were going to try and knock out, and David Weiss was going in the other direction to confer with his deputies in the court -- you know, courthouse well.And they almost collided and Hunter Biden just forged ahead, not even looking at David Weiss. David Weiss had to veer around him and you could tell from his body language that David Weiss is extremely uncomfortable about the position he's in. He's been, you know, a Delaware insider since 1986, he's been at the us attorney's office. He knows that the Bidens rule Delaware, that Joe Biden is basically the emperor of this very small odd state, very wealthy state, because all the corporations in America pretty much are headquartered there.But it's a town of 70,000 people, and as one of the jurors said today, it's a small town. Everybody knows the Bidens, and it's -- it's -- you know, unmistakable that Joe Biden's in town. It's unmistakable when you see Dr. Jill Biden, the first lady, sitting in the front row today, very conspicuous in a bright purple pant suit. She turned around, full face to look at the jurors when they came in and sat in the back of the courtroom.It's just Secret Service all around the first family. There were about five of them in the front row along with the sugar brother Kevin Morris, and Secret Service vehicles, the Chevys outside, Sub -- Chevy Suburban outside, flashing lights.You know people were stopping me on the street saying what's going on up there and I said, Hunter Biden's trial and they go, oh, right, is that for the cocaine? No one really knows what it's about, but they know about the Bidens. They know the power and they know about Hunter's -- a lot of them, the jurors talked about the sweetheart plea deal that collapsed, they knew about that.HANNITY: You know, Ari, unlike President Trump, I can't think of a more favorable venue what Miranda is describing here for somebody with the last name Biden to be in that courtroom in Delaware.ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, Sean, I'm -- I'm very much a traditionalist. I want deeply to believe in our legal system. I -- what alternative do we have if the legal system doesn't work, you just throw up your hands and say there's no justice in America? I don't want to be like that.But it's increasingly clear that justice depends on what judge you get and what venue you get. It may not depend as much on the facts of a case. In this matter, this case would have been settled and dismissed by a prosecutor who did not want to prosecute it had he not had a judge who said -- a Trump appointed judge who said you can't do that, I'm going to hold you accountable, this deal that you are asking me to sign on to, I will not sign on to it.Could you imagine if that was a Clinton appointed judge or a Biden appointed judge? That judge would have ratified the prosecutor's sweet deal for Hunter Biden, there would be no trial. And that brings me to venue.You know, I think all the facts in New York would have exonerated Donald Trump everywhere in America except the bluest of blue counties which is why they brought the trial in Manhattan, one of the bluest counties in America.And same thing now we're seeing in Georgia, in DeKalb County, that is one of the bluest counties in America where they're trying to go after Donald Trump on local charges.So, it does shake your faith in the justice system. Now, I will point out the Justice Department is prosecuting Senator Menendez, a Democrat, and this is hardening because justice needs to be blind. But I just worry so much with Merrick Garland who reports to Joe Biden with a prosecutor who reports to Merrick Garland, that justice is not blind and they're all peeking out from behind their blindfold to figure out what the right ruling is to preserve their jobs.HANNITY: You know, I said at the beginning of the trial in New York for President Trump, Miranda. I didn't think he can get a fair trial and I could tell you he did not get a fair trial. It was everything I expected and worse.I have the opposite feeling here is that they're going to bend over backwards to accommodate the Bidens in Delaware. Jst a feeling. You were in the courtroom. Am I wrong?DEVINE: Look, I think that Judge Noreika is playing a straight bat. She was the one who overturned the plea deal in the first place by just asking a few questions about this very opaque, very strange, specialized two-part deal that that fell apart as soon as she did ask the questions.But I -- you know, the jurors, for instance, seven of the 12 that were finally selected today have answered the question, that they have family members, close family members who had addiction problems, narcotics problems, and have been in rehab and so on, and some of them had some quite sad tales. One man who actually didn't get chosen but he was fairly typical, he had a brother and a brother-in-law who were both alcoholics and he said, you know, it's a disease, it's tough for them.And so, and -- and Judge Noreika also was saying to jurors when they were talking about these issues, oh, you know, I'm very sorry to hear that. And so there's just a lot of sympathy for addiction you're seeing in that courtroom now, and that, of course, is Hunter's major defense is that, look, he'd just gone through rehab, he was sober at the time that he bought the gun, you know, be kind to him because he's had so many tragedies.HANNITY: Yeah. Well, there certainly the evidence is overwhelming. Look, I share the sympathy. I've known people that have suffered with addiction. It's horrible, but I don't see the same treatment in New York and that's the problem for our country.All right. Thank you, Miranda. Thank you, Ari Fleischer.When we come back, flip-flop Fauci grilled by Jim Jordan and House Republicans during a very heated exchange on Capitol Hill today. We'll show you the highlights. We get reaction from Senator Rand Paul who it turns out was right the entire time, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And earlier today, Dr. Flip-flop Fauci testified on the Hill before a subcommittee investigating the origins of coronavirus, and while getting grilled by House Republicans, Fauci tried to rewrite history when he was pressed by Jim Jordan on the lab leak theory, Fauci denied suppressing any theories, actually claimed to have had an open mind. Really? Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JORDAN: Why was it so important devise not have started in the lab?FAUCI: It wasn't so important that the virus not -- we don't know.JORDAN: Well, it was important to someone in the Biden administration, so much so the top people at Meta, the top people at Facebook are asking why we getting all this pressure to downplay the lab leak theory and we have an e-mail from June over the same year, June 4th, 2021 saying the same thing, it was certainly important to somebody.FAUCI: Well, what does that have to do with me?JORDAN: I'm asking you, because you're the expert on coronavirus. I'm saying why was administration --FAUCI: Am I in thosee emails?JORDAN: -- why was the administration so pushing not to have to lab leak theory something that was viable?FAUCI: I can answer that I've kept an open mind throughout the entire process.JORDAN: You've kept an open mind.Did U.S. tax dollars flow through grant recipients to a lab in China?FAUCI: Yes, of course, it was a sub award to Wuhan Institute.JORDAN: And who approved that award?FAUCI: Excuse me?JORDAN: And who approved that award? What agency prove that a report?FAUCI: National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.JORDAN: Your agency approved that, right?FAUCI: Yes, it did after --JORDAN: Does that have anything to do with the downplaying of the lab leak theory?FAUCI: No.JORDAN: Nothing to do with it?FAUCI: Nothing.JORDAN: Well, do you agree that if there was a push to downplay the lab leak theory?FAUCI: None on my part.JORDAN: Really?FAUCI: Really.JORDAN: Wow.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now that's on par with one of Senator Rand Paul's legendary exchanges with Dr. Fauci. Let's go down memory lane, you might remember this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAUCI: The point that you are making is that the -- the grant that was funded as a sub award from EcoHealth to Wuhan created SARS-CoV-2. That's where you are getting. Let me finish.SEN. RAND PAUL (R-KY): We don't know -- we don't know if it did come from the lab but all the evidence is pointing that it came from the lab, and there will be responsibility for those who funded the lab, including yourself.FAUCI: I totally this resent --(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This committee will allow the witness to response.FAUCI: I totally resent the lie that you are now propagating, Senator.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here now with reaction, he is the author of "Deception: The Great COVID Cover Up". That is Senator Rand Paul, great state of Kentucky.Now in the early months of the pandemic, Senator Fauci expressed he wasn't convinced the COVID-19 virus was spread as a result of a lab link. Now, in the earliest months, in January, aren't there emails that you've written about talked about that show just the opposite, that they were in a panic, that number one they may have funded it, number two, they knew gain research -- gain of function research took place and coronavirus research took place and that they may have funded it?PAUL: Yeah. One of the very frightened emails he gets from an assistant in January of 2020 as an assistant saying, oh, my goodness, this is gain of function research we funded. This is from his assistant. This is gain of research, gain of function research that we funded but I don't know how that could have happened because it never went before the safety committee.So, yes, they knew very -- very quickly and they were worried about guilt. They were worried about culpability. They're worried that anybody's hands that touch the money, anybody who approved the money going to Wuhan would ultimately get blamed. So Fauci actually organized a paper called Proximal Origins, he had five biologists write the paper, most of them were well- rewarded with large grants. Christian Anderson got a $9 million grant about a month after this.Meanwhile, all of these people were privately saying, oh, my goodness, it looks like it was manipulated, but publicly they were saying, it's a conspiracy theory. They went to Facebook. They suppressed it. They told Facebook, suppressed the story of anything coming from the lab. It's all conspiracy theory.So in no way was Fauci ever objective. Fauci leaned in on this. He pressed hard and he used his 40 years worth of accumulated power to try to suppress any story that this came from the lab.HANNITY: And anybody that disagreed was labeled a conspiracy theorist. But how soon into the pandemic do you believe Dr. Fauci knew that in fact it was gain of function, it happened in the Wuhan lab, and it happened with American taxpayer dollars? What do the emails show you?PAUL: January 27th, there's emails starting at 6:00, they're going across the ocean to Jeremy Farrar in England, and back. They go on until 3:00 in the morning.At 3:00 in the morning, Anthony Fauci sends an email to the head of the safety committee. The head of the safety committee should have seen this research but never did and he sends him an email saying, hey, nothing to see here, here's paper that says in all likelihood this came from animals, not from the lab. Why is he sending that to the head of the safety committee? Because the safety committee was never allowed to review this.For three years, I've been asking the NIH for the deliberations, if this is not gain of function, I want to see the discussion between the scientists. Fauci says, all the scientists up and down, they all said it wasn't gain of function.Let me see the deliberations, I want to see the arguments for and against. They won't reveal this. They are tighter-lipped than the CIA on this, and the NIH has resisted really requests from Democrats and Republicans. The Democrat chair of my committee has co-signed this request, it's over a year old and my individual requests are three years old.They have resisted. They have obscured, and according to Fauci's assistant that he threw under the bus today, David Morens, according to him, it was a targeted cover up and that they destroyed emails and evidence. But today, the most shocking and surprising thing was Anthony Fauci threw David Morens, a 20-year assistant, under the bus and acted as if he' hardly ever met him. He wasn't part of the inner circle he never made decisions had no access to my office, all completely the opposite of what David Morens.HANNITY: Wait a minute -- is this the same assistant that sent that that email, oh, my God, this is -- this is gain function?PAUL: Different -- different assistant, but David Morens worked for 20 years for Anthony Fauci. He's called the special advisor to the head of the agency which Anthony Fauci is. But today, Anthony Fauci could not run fast enough. And the real question is this, if we were to get a prosecutor someday, maybe a new presidential administration that ask David Morens under oath and says, you're going to go, you're going to be punished for destroying records, you may see prison time, would you be willing to give us the full story on what Anthony Fauci knew and when he knew it, I think there's a great deal to be had.But I think one of the reasons Morens is the fall guy here and they they've chosen him as the fall guy, he's been paid for over a year not to work. So he's on paid leave for over a year, maybe two years now from the NIH. They've never made decisions on him.HANNTY: Well, let me -- let me ask you this. The NIH recently officially admitted, finally admitted taxpayers funded gain of function.Okay. Now, we're learning that NIH scientists received $710 million in royalties from drug makers of the COVID-19 -- during the COVID-19 pandemic. That's just breaking, Senator.What should the American people know about that?PAUL: I think when you have a drug company that makes a vaccine like Moderna, and I know of at least one payment of $450 million in sharing the proceeds of the vaccine, you have to wonder how anybody at the NIH could be objective. So if Moderna has a new drug, how can they be objective when they've just received $450 million from the company? So it really is a situation, it's a revolving door between big pharma and the government, somebody's got to put an end to it.And I hope the next president will.HANNITY: "Deception: The Great COVID Cover Up", you were way ahead of the curve, Senator. I wish more people had listen to you about this, the origins of COVID, NIH spending, also something called natural immunity, nobody wanted to listen to you but you were right. Senator, thank you.When we come back Biden reportedly now set to issue an executive order on the border, something he said he had no power to do may happen as early as this week. His border crisis is spiraling even further out of control. We'll check in with Senator Ted Cruz.And why all the hostility against WNBA star Caitlin Clark? Straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Well, tonight, more bad news from Biden's border crisis. An unvetted Biden illegal immigrant from Venezuela shot two New York City police officers in Queens, New York. The suspect crossed the border in July of 2023.Who should we blame the most? I would say Joe Biden, the same guy that lied to you for three years saying over and over is the borders closed, the borders secure.Here's a simple fact that Biden would probably like you to ignore. In his first 100 days in office, Joe Biden reversed nearly every single one of Donald Trump's safety measures with the stroke of a pen. As a result of that stupidity, well, the predictable chaos ensued and more than 10 million unvetted Biden illegal immigrants and counting have now poured into our country, many from, let's see, places like China, tens of thousands of them, and Russia and Egypt and Afghanistan and Iran and Syria and Yemen and Kazakhstan and I can go on.And, by the way, for a while, Biden just kept lying to you the American people, telling you that Congress could -- only Congress could reverse this terrible border policy that he himself reversed with a stroke of a pen. But with the election right nearby, 154 days away it's time for an election year conversion. And now, Joe is planning later this week a new executive order to finally address the crisis that he himself created.By the way, spoiler alert, it's little more than an absolute failure and a political ploy on his part. In the meantime, Biden granted a kind of makeshift mass amnesty -- amnesty without us watching to 350,000 illegal immigrants according to data gathered by "The New York Post". Oh, amnesty, something of great value. Hope you'll vote for us.Anyway, here now with reaction, Texas Senator Ted Cruz is with us.So it's even worse than we thought. Now, we're basically allowing the people to stay in the country, and on top of it, we're not even paying attention where it's coming from.But here's the sinister part of this, he was saying trying to blame Republicans after telling the country a lie for three years, the border secure. Then he said, well, Republicans won't sign the bill that would have allowed at least 5,000 unvetted illegals a day, under his plan and then when they wouldn't go along with it now, he's saying you know what? I'm going to go back to what Trump did and I'll use a stroke of a pen and I'll fix it although I said I wasn't allowed to do that.Can you explain that?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Well, I can. This is the latest incarnation of what I call election year camouflage which is the Democrats, especially Joe Biden, but all the Democrats, they think the voters are stupid. And so they do -- you remember before the 2022 election, right before the election, Joe Biden released a bunch of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve and it ended up causing gasoline prices to drop a little bit and they think the voters are stupid. They don't notice that gas prices are skyrocket and if they get a little bit of a drop, they say, look, aren't things great?Or the student loan forgiveness where he gives away or he says he's giving away a trillion dollars right before the election, trying to convince a bunch of young people, hey, look at all this free stuff I'm giving just vote for the Democrats now. Of course, he knew it would be struck down by the courts and it was.In this instance, on immigration, tomorrow, Joe Biden's --HANNITY: It didn't stop him.CRUZ: It didn't stop him but it's all about fake messaging for the election. This immigration order that's coming tomorrow, Joe Biden's going to stand up and say, we're securing the border.And you know what? I'm going to predict in the next five months, we're actually going to see the border numbers go down a little bit. Now don't be deceived by that, it's just like the gasoline prices going down a little bit, they're doing this right before the election, they're doing it so the useful idiots in the corporate media will say, gosh, Biden solved the problem, nothing else to worry about here.It is entirely fake and we have had 11 million people invade this country because Joe Biden and the Democrats want 11 million people to invade this country.You mentioned the two NYPD police officers that were shot. They were shot by a Venezuela and a 19-year-old named Bernardo Raul Castro Mata. I mean this is the name out of Charles Dickens. Mata is Spanish for he kills.The guy's middle name is Raul Castro. He's literally named after a communist murdering dictator. He came from Venezuela.And what did Joe Biden do? Let him go. Let him go and said, you know what? New York city's a great place for you to go, he did, he shot two police officers.This is what Joe Biden is doing every day and this executive order he admits he had the power to do this three and a half years ago but he didn't do it three and a half years ago. He wants 11 million and he wants 20 million and he wants 40 million because he views every one of these as future Democrat voters.HANNITY: Okay. That's the point. You know, they would say, well, Republicans don't want people of color. It's the great replacement theory. I don't care where anybody comes from. If you come into the country legally, we have a chance to vet you.A couple of things, we need to have a security background on you, a health check in light of what happened with COVID, and beyond that, a means test to make sure you won't be a financial burden on the American people. Then, Senator, I don't care where you come from.CRUZ: Yes.HANNITY: Welcome to the country.CRUZ: There's a right way --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: But the lie is but now they're giving amnesty on top of it. Ooh, something of great value, a path to citizenship which will lead to, what? I hope you'll vote for us. We're the ones that gave that to you. Meanwhile, you know, you'd pay $10 million to get into Australia.CRUZ: Yeah. Look, that's exactly right. Listen, there is a right way to come. You come legally. As you know, I am the son of a Cuban immigrant.Sean, you know my dad. My father came in 1957 from Cuba. He had nothing. He had been in prison, he'd been tortured as a teenager in Cuba.When he came to America, he came to Texas. He was 18, he couldn't speak English. He was a teenage immigrant, he had $100 in his underwear, his first job was washing dishes 50 cents an hour.But you know what? He came legally. He got a student visa. He came to go to the University of Texas. He came to work. He ended up getting a job. He started a business. Today, he's a pastor.That's the right way to come. We're a nation of immigrants. We welcome people who come legally.But Joe Biden and the Democrats, they don't want legal immigrants where you know their background. They open it up. They invite every murderer, every rapist, every gang banger, every terrorist to flood across the border.And what happened in New York this week, the two police officers shot. That is happening every single week. People being shot and killed by illegal immigrants Joe Biden and the Democrats have released.HANNITY: He has blood on his hands and when some of these people from either China or Russia or Iran or Syria or Yemen or Egypt or Afghanistan or Kazakhstan, you know, one of those terror cells which I'm pretty certain are here -- I hope I'm wrong, but I don't think I am --(CROSSTALK)CRUZ: They -- they are tragically. The FBI is telling us they're here.HANNITY: They tell -- so it's a matter of when, not if.CRUZ: Yes.HANNITY: And how sad is --CRUZ: Sadly yes.HANNITY: Yeah .Well, there'll be a lot of dead Americans and they'll have blood on their hands and you know what? It's unforgivable. It's a clear and present danger, and it's unnecessary.Senator Cruz, thank you.When we come back, WNBA rookie superstar Caitlin Clark getting a lot of unwelcome treatment from fellow players. We're going to show what happened again this weekend. We'll get reaction. Clay Travis and Tomi Lahren straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Outrage continues to grow over the violent horrific treatment of WNBA player superstar Caitlin Clark after she was literally hip checked, it's not hockey, by an opposing player during a game this Saturday. You can look at it there. Really?Now, the incident is only the latest in a string of hard fouls against of star rookie which have drawn criticism from the sports world. For example, ESPN Stephen A. Smith suggesting the players could be jealous of Clark's popularity. He's a 1,000 percent correct.And meanwhile, they're missing the best opportunity of all time because if she does well and brings a lot of people to watch the WNBA, well, as Stephen A. said, a rising tide will lift all boats.Meanwhile, Pat McAfee, well, he's facing a backlash rightly today for using a descriptor that he used to defend Caitlin Clark and here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAT MCAFEE, ESPN: But I would like the media people that continue to say this rookie class, this rookie class, this rookie class -- not. Just call it for what it is. There's one white (EXPLETIVE DELETED) from the Indiana team who is a superstar.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: He's like the Jim Cramer of sports.Anyway, McAfee since apologized for his comments on today's show. He's still a jackass and a buffoon and a horrible host. McAfee's biggest problem I'll tell you what it is his ego cannot handle living in the shadows of the far more popular, way more talented Stephen A. Smith.Here with reaction, host of "Tomi Lahren is Fearless" on Outkick, Tomi Lahren, and Outkick founder Clay Travis.Look, I'll give McAfee credit. I mean, he could say the entire rise of the WNBA, you know, white B superstar, let me give McAfee a lesson 101 in broadcasting. I don't care what the context is, you don't ever, ever, ever, ever call a woman that word, period, end of sentence. And then you'll have a more successful career if he survives it, which I hope he does because I never call for people's canceling or firings -- Tomi.TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, listen, obviously, as a woman I don't believe you should ever call another woman that name especially on television. That was definitely a misstep. But the sentiment beyond the words that he used was correct, this anti-white hate towards Caitlin Clark is exactly that, it's anti-white and I'm not saying that because I just came up with that. You've got other -- the other folks in media like Sunny Hostin on "The View", Jemele Hill, former ESPN, saying that very thing, that the reason she's popular is not because she's a star athlete it's because she's white or she has some kind of a privilege.So they're the ones that are making this claim, but I could guarantee you this, Sean, and I bet Clay agrees with me on this, if Caitlin Clark would take a knee and she would salute BLM, that all of this might dissipate overnight, but because she has not done that, here we are.HANNITY: You know, look, I guess there's a certain initiation that maybe anybody goes through and a transition from college basketball to the pros, okay, welcome to the club. It's a little bit more rough and tumble here. I can live with that, Clay.And, by the way, Caitlin's going to live with it. She's paid next to nothing for the first four years of her career except what she might make in endorsements which is probably significant, but she is opening the door for every WNBA player to get richer.And, you know, I'm looking at this saying, really, why would -- this girl is one of the most phenomenal natural players I've ever seen.CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think that's 100 percent right. And if you watch that hip check, there wasn't cameras running but that's exactly what Sean did when I started working for FOX News in the green room. He just took me out. He said, welcome to the team, rookie.But in all serious --HANNITY: By the way, if I was taking you out, you would have known it because I've been training for 14 years, but go ahead. It's a great story.TRAVIS: I've heard -- I've heard about this. You would have -- you would have choked me out.Look, here's the -- here's the reality. It's -- Tomi's right. It's not just race though. It's also sexuality. Caitlin Clark is a white heterosexual woman in a Black lesbian league and they resent and are jealous of all of the attention and the shoe deal that she got.And instead of recognizing the truth, which is great athletes who people care about coming into your league really do make everybody more money and hey, get you charter airplane flights instead of flying commercial. Remember when Tiger Woods came into golf. He took golf to an entirely different level, and even if he didn't win a tournament, every golfer in that tournament made a lot more money.This doesn't really exist, Sean, in men's sports. They need an enforcer honestly I think to run around on the court and actually protect Caitlin Clark because they don't seem able to do it.HANNITY: Why do you say lesbian league? I mean, I don't know anything about the sexuality of any of the girls in the WNBA.TRAVIS: I, 70 percent lesbian, and I think her having a boyfriend, I think it's a fiance who by the way said there needs to be an enforcer creates two different identity politics universes that she doesn't fit in this league. They don't like her because she's white and they don't like her because she's straight. And as a result, the league is coming undone around her, even though she's bringing new fans.HANNITY: They might bring the WNBA version of the former flyers and the broad street bullies which fighting does bring a lot of attention to any sport and I'm kind of all in favor of it.More "Hannity" straight ahead. Thanks, guys.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Programming note. Don't forget the fourth and final episode of my news special "Outlaws and Lawmen" out now on FOXNation.com. You don't want to miss it.Don't forget, please set your DVR, so you never, ever, ever, ever missed an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled, why? Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.