SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And tonight White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre, she's perplexed at the mere thought that Americans are not happy with their boss, imagine that. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Why do you think Americans are so down on President Biden right now?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUS PRESS SECRETARY: What do you mean?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Coming up, we got the answer to that question. We're going to help Joe and the administration and Karine Jean-Pierre understand exactly why Biden poll numbers are so awful.Plus, a shocking new report accusing the White House of withholding intelligence from our ally Israel surrounding terror threats from the terrorist group Hamas.Later, also, you're going to love this story. We're going to check in in San Francisco where that city is now spending millions of taxpayer dollars to give shots of vodka and free beer to homeless alcoholics. Wait until you see Sara Carter's report.All right. But we begin, where else, but in a New York City courtroom tonight and lawfare has a new mascot, his name is Michael Cohen. The serial liar, fraudster, convicted felon back on the stand today, asking jurors to believe him now.And to make matters worse, well, Michael Cohen has a fixation on any and all things Donald Trump, and it's clear he's got a pretty big ax to grind. It is clear he has nothing but a deep hatred of president Trump. He's hell- bent on revenge.But don't take my word for it, just listen to Michael on TikTok. This clip from April the 23rd, it was featured in court today. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER TRUMP ATTORNEY: So here with the gag order, yes, the other day, Donald once again he comes out, you know, he comes out of the courtroom and goes right into that little cage which is where he belongs, in a (EXPLETIVE DELETED) cage like an animal.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Wow. It gets worse.On TikTok, Cohen also called Trump's attorney, well, a crying little bleep, and even referred to Trump as dictator D-bag.Now, Cohen was even wearing and selling a t-shirt from a TikTok merch store, you know, featuring Donald Trump behind bars and that's not all. The clips we're about to show you were not featured in court today, but it just shows how much hatred that Michael Cohen has for and, of course, the obsession with Donald Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COHEN: A lot of journalists have been calling over the course of the last two weeks, asking me, do I think that Donald Trump is insane? Has the guy gone (EXPLETIVE DELETED) that crazy and absolutely lost his mind? Now, look, I'm not a clinical psychiatrist. I'm not a therapist. I'm just a guy that worked for this lunatic for somewhere in the neighborhood of 11, 12 years. And here's what I really believe, I believe that Donald Trump has actually lost his (EXPLETIVE DELETED). He's lost his marbles.Okay, how do you then convict a corporation? Who's going to be held accountable for it? And the -- and the only person who should be held accountable is this guy, right here, not me, Donald if you can't see it. This guy needs to be held accountable.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. So, the calm, cool, collected coach Michael Cohen, so we're supposed to believe Michael Cohen has no ulterior motive, no anger, no hostility, no acts to grind? Are we honestly expected to believe that this habitual liar has no reason to lie? This is Alvin Bragg's big star witness.When pressured by Trump's attorneys on the stand today, Cohen even appeared to lie about lying. Now, look at this bizarre exchange about Cohen's involvement with the Mueller witch hunt.Now, Trump's attorney says, quote, they asked you about the Trump Moscow project and you lied to them. And Cohen responds, yeah, the information that I gave was not accurate. Trump's attorney followed up: is not accurate information a lie? Sure, Cohen said. "Is it a lie?" the lawyer asked. It was inaccurate, yes.Cohen said it was -- so was it a lie? To which con responded, I don't know if it would characterize it as a lie, if I'd characterize it as a lie, but it was inaccurate. After more and more back and forth, Cohen finally admitted, okay, it wasn't truthful. You want to call it a lie, I'll call it a lie.Wow, I'm sure that liberal New York City jury was really impressed with that exchange. Now, we got even more obfuscation when Trump's attorneys asked Cohen if he openly pushed for Trump to be locked up. Yes, probably and sure, that was his answer.I think the T-shirt maybe featuring Donald Trump behind bars, maybe that gives it away. Now Trump also -- Cohen rather, also admitted that he mentioned Trump in every single podcast he records four days a week.And while Cohen claims to remember every single detail from conversations that he had with Trump, going all the way back to 2016. Well, when asked about leaks to CNN about the case in 2023, responded conveniently, I don't recall.Why is that important? Cohen is the only witness backing up, quote, the state's theory, not law but theory, that Trump himself classified an NDA payment to Stormy Daniels as a legal expense and now, the state of New York is asking jurors to take Cohen at his word, which is laughable.But regardless of Cohen's testimony, it's kind of hard to fathom how labeling a payment to a lawyer as a legal expense would be a crime. And again, non-disclosure agreements, they're not illegal. And by the way, the NDA is not even an issue in dispute in this case, nobody's disputing it happen.As for the phantom secondary crime that Bragg is using to upcharge what is a seven-year-old misdemeanor who statute of limitations as we have been telling you has expired to a felony, well, no one knows yet what that crime really is. The prosecution barely even brought it up, much less proved Trump's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.Now, clearly, the strategy is hoping that a lot of irrelevant, immaterial, salacious testimony and hatred of Trump in New York City, that'll be enough to convict him. So do you see what's happening here? No crime, no evidence of any crime, the so-called witnesses pretty much clowns with major credibility problems, the prosecution is asking a jury to convict Donald Trump simply because he's Donald Trump, they're asking a liberal New York City jury to throw justice to the wind and make a political decision.And the judge -- well, he's political himself. He's the guy that donated to Joe Biden and as we've gone over connections with his family and conflicts there, he should have recused himself, and he's now allowing this kangaroo court to play out.The state of New York is apparently willing to shred our Constitution, degrade America's justice system, all for political gain. What about equal justice and equal application of our laws? And if they'll do this to Donald Trump during a presidential election and keep him off the campaign trail, imagine what they'll do to you.Here now with more, Trump's legal spokesperson Alina Habba. She was in the courtroom today.Alina, let's get your overall take.ALINA HABBA, FORMER PRESIDENT TRUMP'S LEGAL SPOKESWOMAN: As I'm sitting there today, Sean, all I keep thinking is they've sold tickets to all the Democrats in America who have Trump derangement syndrome for a show that frankly when the curtain open just didn't happen. So I hope you all get a refund. That is what is happening right now.And the only thing I'm hearing is accusations of somebody who paid their lawyers to hide something -- we haven't heard that yet by the way. Do you know who did pay their lawyers to hide something, Sean? Hillary Clinton with the Russia hoax and the FEC investigated and she had to pay a fine, $8,000, something like that. There was no trial.You know why? Because this is election interference, do not get it twisted. What we are seeing is 100 percent them afraid that Trump is and probably will beat them.He is beating them in court. He is not campaigning and it is petrifying everybody that has done wrong against any Republican and frankly Americans in this country. It's a joke.HANNITY: All right. So where do you see the trial -- as you sit there every day and again, unless, you can identify for me, I don't even know what the second charge is. I've yet to see any evidence that Donald Trump committed any crime. Every -- every respectable legal scholar that I know, even -- even people on fake news CNN and then the mainstream mob media, they're recognizing as a matter of law, there is no case.However, what is the reality that you're facing, the president is facing and everybody's facing and that is a New York City jury, you know, where nine out of 10 New Yorkers are registered Democrats and most don't like Donald Trump and didn't vote for him in 2020. So that's the reality of what he's facing.I don't think this was a fair venue. I don't think he can get a fair trial. I don't think this is a fair judge, and I think it's all playing out the way probably Alvin Bragg hoped it would.HABBA: Well, that's 100 percent right. They intentionally choose these venues if you look at all the venues that he's been carried and indicted into, they're all blue areas, right, D.C., look at what's happening with Fani, and we're slowly like I said the curtain opens and there's no show, and we have to peel it open like that.But the key is that we have to make sure that the jury is listening and the jury is applying law to fact, because there has not been -- there's been a lot of noise, Sean, but there has not been any proof of any wrongdoing. There has not been any proof that President Trump who was in the White House knew what an accountant was booking a payment to a lawyer as a legal expense, which, by the way, isn't wrong.But they want to make you feel it's wrong. They'll put in noise. They'll bring in witnesses that are salacious. They will do that on and on and on, and if the jury is not capable of listening to that jury instruction and really listening to limiting instructions and able to block out testimony that frankly shouldn't have come in, we're going to have a problem.But I'll tell you right now, President Trump has done nothing wrong and they have not proven their case as I sit here today on day 17.HANNITY: Let me ask you this. There's been some speculation as to how many witnesses the defense will call. I've even heard maybe one, maybe not any, maybe as many as 10. Can you give us any insight as to what the thinking is?HABBA: Well, Sean, as you know, I am team Trump. I support my defense team ad nauseam, and they're doing amazingly. But if I were to divulge anything about our strategy, I'd frankly be unethical much like some of the people we've been hearing from in the news and I'd also be just frankly a bad attorney.So I'll let you sit tight.HANNITY: Well, you can't blame me for asking.HABBA: No, I cannot.HANNITY: Okay, Alina, we appreciate you as always being with us.All right. Thank you.HABBA: Thank you.HANNITY: And joining us now, FOX News contributor Jonathan Turley.Jonathan, let's get your overall observations of the day, not exactly the most credible witness to say the least.JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, not at all, and indeed, one of the most impressive things about the last two days is it does appear that Cohen may have committed perjury again. You know, his explanations on various points do not strike some of us as true. You know, when he said that he surreptitiously taped the president which just blasts away ethical obligations, he said he was doing that really to help Trump and to keep David Pecker honest. It makes no sense that is it's just no one can get their head around that.But that was just one of a number of moments where you really have to be impressed with this guy who really has shown throughout his life that he'll only tell the truth if he has no alternative. Now, what I think was the most amazing thing today is that the prosecutors said that they will close their case, they'll rest their case after Cohen's testimony is done. There's only one problem, nobody has established the elements of any crime.The government has not even stated or explained why listing these payments is legal expenses is not correct. They haven't put on any material evidence to support those elements. Most judges would be insulted for prosecutors to say, well, that's a wrap, without ever making the basis for a case.So the judge is going to have this motion for a directed verdict, and I think any judge in good faith would grant that motion. If he sends this to the jury, he is sending a case to a jury where no crime has been stated and even core factual issues remain very much in doubt.I still cannot figure out not only what the crime was that brought to life instead of misdemeanor. I can't figure out what the government's arguing as to how this should have been denoted, if it wasn't a legal expense, what's the notation some accountant should have put in a ledger, none of us know because they just have shrugged.And that's what this case is, it's a shrug, and they expect the judge to do the same.HANNITY: I don't think the judge would ever go with the motion, but I agree with your analysis. Now, the question is, strategically, if you're consulting with the -- with the Trump campaign, you don't have attorney client privilege, what advice would you give them? Would you say Michael Cohen, they didn't make their case, we rest?Or do you put on legal experts that point out no crime has been -- have been laid out in this court, there's no evidence of any crime? There's been a lot of salacious material put forward, there's been a lot of words used, conspiracy, and this and that. But where's the crime? And what is the charge? And where did Donald Trump and where's the evidence he committed that crime, what would you do?TURLEY: Well, first of all, as a criminal defense attorney, I would wait to see what this redirect is like. They are confined to the parameters on the cross. They can't go beyond the cross and so they will do a redirect, and you have to see what they you that for. I would be very cautious not to do what was suggested at the end of today's proceedings, to wrap up on Thursday afternoon.If that's late Thursday afternoon, I would not want to give the government the chance to go over a long weekend and then do a redirect at the very end of their case. That'll be the last thing the jury really sees with regard to Cohen. So this is one of those situations where either you got to finish early to make sure that the government doesn't have a redirect on Monday or you to your advantage to go bit long and bleed into Monday.But there are various witnesses here that they could use. One is Cohen's prior attorney who gave very damning evidence against Cohen. Another would be an expert witness to say this is a legal expense. This was paying his -- his fees, his costs, it was money to basically settle a potential legal dispute in an NDA, it's this would be noted as a legal expense.But if you're asking me what my inclination right now would be, it would be to rest. I think this case is gone. It doesn't -- they didn't state a basis for a crime.Now, Merchan may throw all of his judgment out the window. He may be blinded by who the defendant is. I'm hoping that he's better than that.So I would -- I would probably rest unless that redirect goes badly.HANNITY: Why would you believe that? I --TURLEY: Because you know what? I still want to give I still want to give a modicum of faith to him. I want to give a modicum of faith to the jury.It's hard for me to believe that they're not equally insulted by what we saw today.HANNITY: I -- I wish I had the confidence you do. I just don't have faith in a New York City jury, but I have faith in you.Jonathan Turley, thank you.All right. Here now, FOX News contributor Gregg Jarrett, Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz.Gregg, we start with you tonight. Your take on today's, well, extravaganza, shall we call it?GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, as much as I love Jonathan, I disagree. I don't think Merchan is better than that. He's exactly what he appears to be, biased, and frankly incompetent.But as for today, you know, Cohen was cross-examined. He's two-faced, he's duplicitous, he comes to court all dressed up in a nice suit, his comportment, he's calm, he's deliberate, my goodness, he's terribly polite, under coaching from prosecutors, of course.But he concealed his typical venom and his hatred. It was all a con job, but the TikTok videos expose the real Michael Cohen. In these lunatic rants and you showed one of them, I mean, he's raging that Trump belongs in a cage like an f-ing animal and other despicable tirades. I hope the jurors are allowed to see those videos over and over again because it is so consistent with everybody else's description of Michael Cohen, nasty, vile, loathsome, a churlish bully, no morals.Of course, he's a chronic liar. He went to prison for perjury, but Alvin Bragg is so desperate that he is willing to put a known fabulist on the stand and the D.A. is perilously close I think to suborning perjury.He knows Cohen's going to lie. He wants him to lie. He's banking on the hope that jurors will hate Trump more than Cohen. Forget about the facts, forget about the law, that does not support a conviction. This really is a trial travesty.HANNITY: Let me ask you professor and you've been on a lot -- you've been involved in a lot of high profile cases throughout your incredible career. What advice would you give the Trump legal team now? They'll finish their cross of Cohen, maybe Thursday they think. Then what? Do they put on a defense? Or do they let it go, make that motion that Jonathan Turley spoke about?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: Well, first -- first, I would cross-examine him extensively about the prep session the preparatory session with the prosecutors regarding the recording of his own client. I would like to know precisely what he told them, what they told him, did they give him advice as to how to spin the story?I think that going over all of the advice he got from the lawyers would be asking him questions he's not prepared to answer. And if he answers any of them falsely, under New York law, the prosecutor must stand up and correct the record in front of the jury. And so, what I would do is focus very hard on that perjury because clearly he lied when he said that the reason he recorded his own client Donald Trump was to protect Donald Trump from David Pecker. Well, if you're going to protect Donald Trump, ask him permission, tell him that you're recording.But he surreptitiously recorded. What happened when he told the prosecutor that? Did the prosecutor say, oh, my god, you have to come up with a good reason for this? What reason did they come up with?What I want to know is what information, advice, prosecutors gave Cohen because Cohen is slick and he appears in front of the jury as somebody who's prepared to testify from his own memory.But if the jury learns that all of this is a subject of preparation, that his testimony was changed by the prosecutor, it really puts a different light on how his testimony is perceived. Once the cross-examination is over, I would try very hard to put on experts.Now the judges already ruled against that, but I would push it very hard, particularly experts on federal election law and state election law because the judge doesn't know anything about those issues, and if they could testify that there was no violation of federal estate election law, there goes the second crime.Now, the judge may keep it out, but that's the kind of thing that would reverse -- would result in reversible error. So I don't think they ought arrest. I think they would to try to put on expert witnesses.HANNITY: I agree with you on the expert witnesses and I particularly agree that what was effective to me in court today is, you know, Michael Cohen, all relaxed and prepped and I'd like to know how much time did he spend prepping with prosecutors and the lead up to this. How many mock sessions might have taken place?I want to know everything that led up to this moment and the relationship between the prosecutors of Michael because the Michael con they show it on tape today was not exactly the same guy that the jury was hearing and seeing today in that courtroom.All right. Guys, good to see you both.(CROSSTALK)JARRETT: -- pleading amnesia about all of that. You know, he --HANNITY: Well, he said it again, Gregg?DERSHOWITZ: Selective amnesia.JARRETT: He said, I, gee, I don't remember about being coached and then, you know, when questioned about, well --HANNITY: But he remembers it's 2016.JARRETT: -- put a sock in your mouth. He said, gee, I don't really remember that.HANNITY: I remember everything about 2016 in a conversation.JARRETT: So, he's never going tell the truth.HANNITY: Professor, real quick. Last line.DERSHOWITZ: Selective amnesia, jury doesn't like that. Selective amnesia, the jury won't believe it. They won't believe he remembers only things that are incriminating and doesn't remember things that hurt him.HANNITY: All right. Thank you both.When we come back, Biden reportedly in denial how bad his poll numbers are. Really? Okay, Vivek Ramaswamy, he'll join us and he was in the courtroom with President Trump today. We'll get his take, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Following the massive rally in deep blue New Jersey Saturday night, a new set of swing state polls conducted by "The New York Time" released yesterday, well, it spells even more trouble for Biden. According to this survey, Trump is ahead by seven in Arizona, 10 in Georgia, seven in Michigan, 12 in Nevada, and three in Pennsylvania.These are all states Joe Biden won in 2020, and now according to this new poll, well, most of them are not even close but Trump isn't content there. He apparently reportedly now has said that he's going to compete in deep blue states like New York and New Jersey. But recent polls show he may be right.Look at this, remember, in 2020, Trump lost the state of New Jersey by 16 points and New York by 23 points. Well, anyway, if you look at New Jersey, he's now picked up 13 points in New -- I'm sorry, New York, he picked up 13 points, and 11 in New Jersey. That's a double digit swing.This poll from Emerson College found him down just seven points in New Jersey, and the new Siena poll last month showed Biden's lead in New York just down to 10. Can he win? I don't know, but it's certainly fun to look at.Anyway, Biden is allegedly in complete denial about polling and the polling crisis he's facing, as sources now say neither he nor his advisers, they don't believe these numbers that they're seeing. If you look at his recent struggles -- well, it's kind of easy to understand why he's faltering. You take a look at your very weak, frail, cognitively struggling mess of a president just earlier tonight. You can't make it up.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: During today's press briefing, Peter Doocy grilled Karine Jean- Pierre on Biden's disastrous poll numbers. Let's take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Why do you think Americans are so down on President Biden right now?JEAN-PIERRE: What do you mean?DOOCY: I know you don't like to talk about polls, like the five of six swing states that he is losing right now to somebody who is a criminal defendant. But more broadly, it doesn't seem like anything you guys are doing is making him more popular. Why do you think that is?I get that you understand that people are hurting right now, why is it that nothing you're doing to address their concerns is working?JEAN-PIERRE: What I'm saying is we're going to continue to do the work. I can't speak to the polls, right? Those are for folks who are experts who can do a deep dive and look into that and speak to them.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: I have no answer. There you go.Meanwhile, as Trump spent yet another day stuck in a New York City courtroom for a sham trial, the former president's allies joined him and rallied to his defense while the left can barely contain their excitement over this latest Trump witch hunt.Now, Democrats should be careful what they wish for. Remember Bill Clinton. Remember they impeached him in 1998, remember what happened to his approval rating? Yeah, it went up. From the mid-60s to the low 70s.Here with reaction, former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy. He was with president Trump in the courtroom today.If you look at the Russia hoax, impeachment one, impeachment two, the January 6, all the exculpatory information withheld in their Hollywood prime time extravaganza they put on before the nation, now missing documents which is interesting, and all these indictments, and all these arraignments, what happens? Donald Trump's numbers go up. Look at what happened with Bill Clinton.How do you interpret that?VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, look, I think the American people understand, Sean, that this is not some usual election, about the tax rate being 1 percent higher or 1 percent lower. This is about the basic rules of the road, and I think many Democrats and many independents across this country understand watching this trial that this is a political sham. And if our justice system is politicized, we don't have a country left.And so, I think many Americans understand the urgency of that, to say that I don't care what your partisan affiliation is, our justice system should not be politicized. That's what I saw in that courtroom tonight. I think that's what Americans across this country see.I'll tell you, I was riding the streets of New York City, I was riding with President Trump back up town, the throngs of people standing on that street. Having lived in Manhattan at an earlier stage in my life, I could never imagine seeing something like that as we're seeing today.This sets up for potentially a major victory this November, Sean, and not only is that good because it'll put President Trump back in the White House and win Senate majorities and House majorities, but it will also unite this country to say once and for all, we are a nation that believes in free speech, that believes in equal rights and a justice system. We might debate on tax rates in the future, but this is about the foundational rules of the road, and that's what many Americans see.HANNITY: I think they overreached and I think it's backfiring. Let's get your thoughts on what you saw in the courtroom today.RAMASWAMY: Well, what I saw in the courtroom is, first of all, that is one of the most depressing places I have been. The only thing more depressing than the atmosphere of that courtroom is the content of what's happening inside of it. Now, coming into today, Sean, one of the open questions that nobody has answered is what exactly is the crime that Donald J. Trump committed that he's being prosecuted for? Nobody could give a clear answer to that question.After today's testimony from Michael Cohen, that test -- that answer to that question is less clear than it has ever been. You want to talk about falsifying business records? Michael Cohen says he did so. There is no evidence of any crime committed by Donald Trump.Now, if you look at the prosecution's entire theory of the case, think about this, they're claiming that he should have used campaign funds for a personal payment. Had he done that, they would be prosecuting him for that. So they were going to get him going or they were going to get him coming, and that is the best proof that this is a politicized persecution.Think about this, Sean, one of the things they pressed Michael Cohen on is whether or not this was to advance voters impressions of Donald Trump. Well, many politicians buy a better suit, many politicians go get a haircut. They use their personal funds to do those things. In fact, they have even pressed charges against candidates for using campaign funds illegally.So if Donald Trump would have done the exact opposite thing and still been charged for it, that proves this whole thing is a sham. And I think that this case is done. I think Judge Merchan should deliver a directed verdict to the jury to end this trial, and restore some trust in our judicial system. That's where we are today.And I think that being there in person, I sensed some skepticism looking at the people in that room. And I am hopeful that's going to lead to the right outcome in this case.HANNITY: There's no way that directed verdict is coming, no way.But you take confidence in this and we just showed the tape of Joe Biden waving at nobody and barely able to walk, but he's going to be delivering, you know, an economic speech about Bidenomics and having fundraisers with George Clooney, Julia Roberts and hoping that they Obama and the Clintons can save his campaign. Can they?RAMASWAMY: No, and here's the economic speech that he should be giving, right, because Americans understand this. Prices have gone up, interest rates and mortgage rates have gone up, but wages have remained flat. That's the honest economic speech he should deliver.So, no, a bunch of Hollywood celebrities are not going to be able to save him from the actual plight of Americans across this country who understand and demand the truth and that's what Donald Trump and our part's going to give them.HANNITY: Well, that's something that'll never happen, but you're right.All right. Vivek Ramaswamy, thank you.All right. Coming up, this is outrageous, Biden reportedly withholding key intel from Israel. Senator Lindsey Graham with reaction.And you're going to love Sara Carter's report about how California is treating alcoholics. They're giving them vodka and beer, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And finally, after a huge amount of push back, according to "The Wall Street Journal" and "Associated Press," Biden has agreed to send $1 billion worth of military aid to Israel, a fraction of what Congress has appropriated and asking for, we'll get into details with Lindsey Graham in a minute. That doesn't mean that the money's going to Israel.This comes after Biden made the announcement and others in his administration last week, he would withhold the shipment of bombs to the Jewish state. That prompted Congressman Corey Mills of Florida to introduce an impeachment resolution, quid pro quo Joe.But Congressman Mills was just following the standard set by Joe Biden himself. Let's go back to 2019, when Biden tweeted, quote, President Trump withheld congressionally appropriated aid to Ukraine unless they granted him a political favor. This is no joke. So, you know he probably actually wrote it. He must be impeached.So the only question now is whether Biden and Democrats will hold themselves to that same standard. I doubt it.Anyway, and it's not just military aid. It is Biden is apparently also withholding key intelligence. Now, "The Washington Post" is reporting that Biden is offering to trade information on the Hamas tunnels in Israel in exchange for not going into Rafah? But the White House tells FOX News digital, we're not holding anything back. I don't believe them.Here with reaction is South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham is with us.And, by the way, take a look at your screen, a protest has broken out at the City University of New York, and you can take a look at it.Let me get to the -- to the main crux of this. This is important, Lindsey.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): Yeah.HANNITY: It's only $1 billion, which is a fraction of the money appropriated.GRAHAM: Right.HANNITY: If we're going to follow Biden and the Democrats' standard, and a congressional notification, if I'm not mistaken, only initiates a process for armed sales and -- but they were ordered not to be delivered under a prior congressional notification.Is that a quid pro quo, Lindsey? Sounds like it to me.GRAHAM: Under the Biden standard, he's just impeached himself basically, because he's accusing pres -- what is he doing? He's withholding aid to Israel because of domestic political concerns. The left is eating him alive.Look at those protesters. What do they want? They want Joe Biden to pull the plug on Israel. What does Bernie Sanders say Sunday when I was on TV with him? Don't give them another nickel.So, bottom line, he's trying to deal with a radical left here at home and using the aid as a as a leverage to do that. So under the -- under the Trump standard they used to impeach President Trump, he just impeached himself.But here's what he's saying to Israel, let me run the war for you. Here's my advice to Israel -- don't let him do it. He will screw up your country like he screwed up the world. Do not let Joe Biden make military decisions for you.Congress has approved this aid. You have every right to use this. They need 2,000-pound bombs because Hamas is underground, dug in. They need precision guided heavy bombs to break up the tunnels. They don't need nuclear weapons but they need 2,000-pound bombs to go to where Hamas is hiding like cowards.Give them the weapons they need to break the back of Hamas.HANNITY: All right. So he's guilty of the very quid pro quo they accused and impeach Trump over.GRAHAM: Yes.HANNITY: He's also surrendered in the war on terror.GRAHAM: Yes.HANNITY: What message that sends and how it emboldens terrorists around the world? Lastly, he's also sent a message to our allies, America's given up its role, it's abdicated its role on the world stage as the leader of the cause of liberty and freedom. That's how profound this is. I don't think you can even calculate, it's incalculable the consequences this that will result here.(CROSSTALK)GRAHAM: And on May 19th --HANNITY: Right, don't listen, Bibi, don't listen to Joe, I agree.GRAHAM: Don't, don't. I got one word for you Bibi, don't --HANNITY: Don't.GRAHAM: -- let Joe Biden run the war.On May 19th, churches all over this country will be praying for Israel. If you go to church, pray for Israel. They're surrounded by three groups, Hamas, Hezbollah and Iran that want to kill all of them simply because they're Jewish.Joe Biden's withholding weapons they need to break the back of Hamas. This decision will change the future of American geopolitical politics for decades unless it's reversed. Who would sign up to help America after what we've done to Israel? Hamas is going to be on steroids thinking if I hold out longer, America will break.Iran is dancing in the aisles, they just don't believe in dancing. It's the only reason they're not dancing.I can't wait until President Trump comes back in, but we got months left in the Biden presidency.President Biden, give Israel the weapons they need to destroy the enemies of the state of Israel who kill every Jews they could.HANNITY: Let them win their war on terror.GRAHAM: Let them win. Let them survive. Let them survive. They're on the fight for their lives.HANNITY: These kids will take Iran up on their free scholarship offer, and then maybe they could learn that if you're a woman, you better dress a certain way or you'll be beaten, if you're a part of the LGBTQ community, you better be careful because you'll probably be thrown from the top of a roof. And by the way, try protesting there like you're doing in America, making jackasses out of yourself.GRAHAM: Amen.HANNITY: Lindsey Graham, thank you.When we come back, San Francisco spending taxpayer money to give free beer and shots of vodka to homeless alcoholics. Not making it up. Sara Carter live in California, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Gavin, I know you're watching. San Francisco, your beloved city, is getting slammed after it is now surfaced that the city is reportedly spending $5 million a year on a program to give free bee, wine and shots of vodka to homeless alcoholics. The program was allegedly created to relieve the city's emergency services, but many believe that tax dollars could be better used for treatment and sobriety programs, instead of free beer, vodka and wine.Our very own Sara Carter on the ground in San Francisco with a lot more today.Wow, did you get any free shots?SARA CARTER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I didn't get any free shots. They didn't let me in the door, Sean. They're keeping that door sealed tight.But we were actually in front of the building and we were talking to people on the streets. They are not happy. I can tell you this, the residents in San Francisco are not happy about this very controversial program. It's called a managed alcohol program.And listen to this, that $5 million goes to giving a free beer or vodka to chronic homeless alcoholics. Listen to what residents had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CARTER: Here in San Francisco, it's $5 million a year program to basically give alcohol to homeless alcoholics. It's providing alcohol to the homeless. How do you feel about that?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, let me just explain that it's really conflicting to give alcohol to alcoholics because it's a disease. It's a condition that is a basically, you know, an obsession of the mind that turns into an allergy of the body and it's a disease that they can't help.CARTER: So it's basically you're enabling them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're enabling and the possibility is for them to die end up in an institution or death.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How you going to get somebody out alcoholics some alcohol?CARTER: Okay.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's some bull.CARTER: Okay. So it costs $5 million a year taxpayer dollars, and you get either a shot of vodka or a beer.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't drink.CARTER: Did you ever -- did you ever think that a program like that would even pass muster?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It shouldn't.CARTER: Their argument is that they're weaning people off alcohol by giving them alcohol, but there's a lot of people that are like, eh, not buying it, including the mayor.What are your thoughts on this?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I feel like they're being an enabler. They're giving people alcohol who has -- who clearly has an addiction. So if you're providing them with a means to get drunk, I mean makes no sense to me.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You don't need to wean them off gradually or if you are, don't use taxpayer funds under the offices of a government program to wean them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If that's what the program is and is giving away free alcohol, that's not a good use of money.(END VIDEO CLIP)CARTER: Sean, residents are furious over program like this and they acknowledge that this is just another example of tens of millions if not hundreds of millions of wasted taxpayer dollars in Gavin Newsom's California.Sean, back to you.HANNITY: Sara, you can't make it up. You really can't. Great report. Unbelievable. You might want to have a drink after the show on the state.Anyway, here with reaction, "Outkick" founder Clay Travis.You know, there are medications that are available. I've had friends that have had issues with alcohol and there are medications that you can give people, very safe to take apparently according to medical experts. I'm not advising people to do it, but that will make people that drink that are alcoholics that if they drink they'll get violently ill, and prevents them from drinking. Why wouldn't they consider maybe something like that? Is that too extreme or you just enable these people?CLAY TRAVIS, OUTKICK FOUNDER: No, I think that's a great suggestion. I'd like to say hello to Gavin Newsom, and this is why people keep fleeing your state, including your own in-laws who move to Florida where they don't have a policy where they give alcoholics alcohol.This is what happens when you have no contest in left-wing cities and leftwing states. They don't have anybody else to blame for their insanity. Sean, you've been all over the country.San Francisco is one of the most naturally beautiful cities in the world. Everyone who lives there is very fortunate to have that opportunity, and left-winger Democrat -- left wingers have destroyed it and they're all having to recognize what happens. It reminds me of what occurred up in Portland where they decided they were going to decriminalize drugs and then had to go back and redo that law because downtown Portland became such a cesspool.You can't treat addicts by allowing their addiction to get worse. You need a tough love approach which acknowledges individual responsibility and sickness, trying to give them more of what have is making them sick is not a way to get them healthy, just like giving people who are drug addicts more drugs in Portland didn't work, giving people who are alcoholics more alcohol in San Francisco is not going to work.HANNITY: And you're enabling it and -- but I take it you with one thing, the politicians have allowed this to happen. You're right about San Francisco, been there many times. They have allowed the city to be destroyed. You have about 20 seconds.TRAVIS: They've allowed it to be destroyed because there is no marketplace of ideas. As Elon Musk says, the woke mind virus has taken over in San Francisco and this is what it's created. You need opposition. You need conflict in order to get the best possible result. We don't have it in leftwing cities and leftwing states.Gavin Newsom and the Mayor London Breed of San Francisco should be ashamed.HANNITY: Well, all right, so are you going to have vodka, wine or beer tonight. Clay, just checking, just asking.TRAVIS: I'm going to -- I'm going to go with wine I think, nice -- nice classy gesture by me.HANNITY: All right. Pretty good, maybe you can do what we drank as a kid, Boone's Farm, we used to drink that. Yeah, I'll admit it. I did.All right. When we come back, episode two "Outlaws and Lawmen" drops tomorrow on Fox Nation. You get a sneak peek, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Programming note, the second episode of my new special "Outlaws and Lawmen", it drops tomorrow on Fox Nation. Episode two follows the rough justice of Wild Bill Hickok and Wyatt Earp. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(MUSIC)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not satisfied, we can have more dead men today.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: That episode out tomorrow right on Fox Nation. Hope you'll watch it.All right. I'll be on "FOX & Friends", by the way, tomorrow morning.That's all the time we have left. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.