(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time! Thanks to Mike Baker, Emily Compagno, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with Trace Gallagher is next.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, reporting crime is now racist. At least, in Chicago where crime is so high that a progressive Chicago Democrat says she will no longer share crime alerts with her constituents, because it negatively impacts the underserved.And does he or does he not have the power?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: On the border, have you done everything you can do with executive authority? Or is there more you could do?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I've done all I can do. Give me the power. I've asked from the very day I got into office.So, today, I'm moving past Republican obstruction and using the executive authorities available me as president to do what I can on my own, address the border.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: So, after denying it for 3-1/2 years and allowing 10 or 11 million illegal immigrants into the country, President Biden, now apparently, has the power to try and fix the southern border. But immigration experts say the executive order is, in a word, weak.Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with more on Biden's sudden change of heart. Kevin, good evening.Indeed, a change. Trace, good evening to you.Now, the White House is framing the new order as more or less a response to what they believe has been congressional inaction on immigration after a bipartisan framework in the Senate was, in fact, blocked by Republicans for a second time.And to be sure from the president's perspective, there is plenty of blame to go around beginning with of all people, his predecessor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Four months ago, after weeks of intense negotiation between my staff and Democrats, and Republicans, we came to a clear, clear bipartisan deal. With the strongest border security agreement in decades.But then, Republicans in Congress not all walked away from it. Why? Because Donald Trump told them to.(END VIDEO CLIP)KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: It was Donald Trump. Now, the order takes effect when seven-day averages of daily border crossings exceeds 2,500, which obviously means now.Now, migrants expelled will also receive a minimum a five-year ban on re- entry into the country and they could be criminally prosecuted.The new policy will also prevent border officials from admitting new asylum seekers, at least, while it's active. But do keep this in mind, as you pointed out, Trace, it was less than five months ago, the president claimed I've done all I can on the border.Oh, critics say he was lying then, and he is lying now by suggesting that he is doing anything more than the Trump administration was already doing or at least prepared to do.This, as Fox News witnessed and overnight mass illegal crossing of hundreds in a remote area of San Diego County in California. Migrants from Mauritania, India, China, Vietnam, Nepal, and elsewhere, all coming in without so much as an iota of resistance. By the way, our Bill Melugin said, they were even taking selfies.Meantime, the cost of migrant the migrant crisis is having a significant impact on the U.S. school system, with American taxpayers on the hook for at least a billion-dollars a year if all the unaccompanied minors that have been encountered at the border enroll in public schools, and the truth is, Trace, it could be much, much more expensive than that.GALLAGHER: Much more expensive.Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you.Let's bring in former Army reserve captain, and intelligence officer Abe Hamadeh, along with former Los Angeles County Sheriff Alex Villanueva.Gentlemen, thank you for coming on. Abe, to you first. The unaccompanied minors are exempt from this executive action. So, today Neil Cavuto had this question, this back and forth with the DHS secretary. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: There are a number of exemptions for this, including, you know, unaccompanied children. And isn't that a green light for drug cartels to take advantage of that?ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY: Oh, absolute -- absolutely not.-- ways, we have programs for minors.CAVUTO: But this encourages drug cartels to take advantage to those kids. Does it not, sir?MAYORKAS: We are taking it to the drug cartels with unprecedented strength through our transnational criminal investigative units.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Abe Hamadeh, is there anybody in this room or watching this right now that believes the United States is taking it to the cartels?ABE HAMADEH, FORMER UNITED STATES ARMY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER: Absolutely not, Trace.If you look at what's going on when he just talked about the number of Chinese nationals coming across our southern border, it's over 30,000 in the last six months. Here in Arizona, what I'm particularly concerned about is that the drug cartels are operating with China, not only to bring fentanyl, but also to human trafficking as well.You know, with this -- and in Arizona, we have the largest manufacturing of these microchip semiconductors here coming from Taiwan. So, so, many of them have potential to be Chinese spies.But now, an issue with the child -- the child -- to children coming across, it's --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMADEH: It's really a concern, because you don't know who and what family members that they are coming with. You know, they have so many people try to claim them.GALLAGHER: Right.HAMADEH: So, this trafficking is beyond just drug trafficking and sex trafficking. That's why I believe we need to be classifying the drug cartels as a foreign terrorist organization. We have to go to war with these people.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes, and truly go after them.Yes, and truly go after them. That's a fair point. I want to play some lawmaker reaction to the executive action. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. ROGER MARSHALL (R-KS): The policy represents nothing more than a superficial gesture, allowing 2,500 illegal aliens to cross the borders between the ports of entry.REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-WA): My concern about this executive order is it's trying to be all tough on the border, and it's not going to fix anything.SEN. TOM COTTON (R-AR): The only acceptable number of illegal immigrants crossing our border at any period is zero.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Bottomline, never trust a man whose uncle was eaten by cannibals.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, uncle eaten by cannibal, Sheriff. That's the whole thing. And really, this whole executive order is about as far-fetched as the cannibal story. It's not going to work. 2,500 gets crossed, and then you magically shut down the border?ALEX VILLANUEVA, FORMER SHERIFF, LOS ANGELES COUNTY: It's not an on and off switch. Either you have delivered policies that you're enforcing, and the agents in the field, and those ones on the border, the Border Patrol, everyone involved is actively enforcing it to the letter of the law, then you can shut down your border.But this is a half-baked measure that is just for -- basically, for political consumption only.GALLAGHER: Yes. So, what it does, Abe? Is it allows 2,500 illegal immigrants to pass through, and then, the border as the sheriff was saying, you know, just magically shuts.So, look at this the last time that was below 2,500, a day, December of 2020. Last time below 1,500. A day, July of 2020. Been a long time since the border was even remotely secure.HAMADEH: Right. It was secure under President Trump, and now, Biden has to go back to some of Trump's policies.But this is what happens when you advertise the world, our border is open, exactly right. It's not -- it's not as big and you can just shut off. So, you have this backlog of so many people are paying the cartels. Remember, this is a big business operation for the drug cartels.GALLAGHER: Right.HAMADEH: They are not just going to suddenly cooperate with the U.S. government. What they are going to do is sneak them in, and other means. So, this is going to put a huge strain on resources. Now, Texas is enforcing their own state law. But they are shifting over here to Arizona.So, you know, and this is where the Biden administration has totally decimated our southern border as really a black -- I'm not worried about a black swan event, Trace. There is a lot of terrorists coming to our southern border.GALLAGHER: Sure.And a lot of people have said that. And they really did invite them. But there is a resident in El Paso, who really kind of had this whole thing right today. Listen to him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It gets a bit of a 180 from his previous policy of allowing open immigration to flood in. The fact that Biden address this now, at this point in time, five months before the election. really sounds like political posturing to me.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Sounds like politics, Sheriff. I've got about 15 seconds for you.VILLANUEVA: Imagine that you take a cross section across the border today versus say four years ago, widely different group of people are crossing over. And this is now, bring me your tired, your souls yearning for liberty. No, this is a different crowd.GALLAGHER: Right.VILLANUEVA: And they are here to compete with the people that already here.GALLAGHER: Some of them are carrying too many suitcases across the border, and you're like, well, they have got money somewhere. It's crazy.Sheriff, thank you. Abe Hamadeh, thank you.Brand new tonight, we have the latest Fox News Power Ranking, showing former President Trump maintaining his slight edge in a rematch with President Biden.Jeff Paul is live with a closer look at the new numbers. Jeff, good evening.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, good evening, Trace.Not only does former President Trump have the slight edge but leads President Joe Biden in several key areas that often influence voters, according to the new Fox News Power Rankings issue tracker.Now, when it comes to handling the economy and securing the border, those are areas our power rankings show voters favor former President Trump on. They also feel he is more physically and mentally fit than President Biden.But in other areas, Biden has the upper hand with voters. The Fox News issues tracker indicates voters think Biden is more honest than Trump. And when it comes to handling abortion rights, and protecting democracy, Biden leads Trump.Now, overall, we've talked about how this race can be very tight, and our power rankings show that Trump has the lead on Biden -- showing him currently with 251 projected Electoral College votes compared to President Biden's 241.And it really could come down to a few key states. The power ranking show there are four toss-up states: Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Arizona, and Nevada.The four that are considered highly competitive: Michigan, Minnesota, Georgia, and North Carolina. Now, also, keep a close eye on Nebraska, in particular, District Two, which over the last four presidential elections has voted for two Democratic and two Republican presidents. Nebraska is one of two states that award Electoral College votes to the Congressional district method.So, we should also mention that it is unclear how Trump's recent conviction could influence voters as it is likely too early to tell. But one poll conducted by NPR, PBS News Hour and Marist, the week prior to the verdict, suggested 67 percent of voters said it made no difference if Trump was found guilty.GALLAGHER: It's a big number. Jeff, thank you. Let's bring in The Hill's national politics reporter Julia Manchester, and Washington Examiner investigative editor, Sarah Bedford.Thank you both for coming on. We appreciate that.Trying to get through these polls as quickly as I can here. Here is the power rankings, if we can put these back up, Katie, that would be great. We're talking about where they sit now in the electoral votes, Biden at 241, Trump 241, toss-up 46.Now, to the toss up state, and here you have them. Arizona with 11, Nevada was six, Pennsylvania 19, and Wisconsin 10 electoral votes.So, Biden can't win without Pennsylvania -- just no way to do the math. He's got to take Pennsylvania. Trump can pick -- take Pennsylvania and it's over, or he needs to other states, maybe three. What do you think about that, Julia?JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, THE HILL: Yes, look, Biden absolutely needs Pennsylvania. And it sort of reminds me of 2016, when you saw Trump going the route that a lot of, you know, past, Republicans didn't necessarily go in recent history. He went to states like Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, this blue wall that we talked about to win over these blue-collar voters that had, you know, historically or in recent history had voted Democratic, and Trump was able to swing them back.Now, Biden has started -- had made inroads with those voters in 2020.GALLAGHER: Right.MANCHESTER: -- flipping those states. But only by very -- by relatively narrow margin.So, I think it's going to be difficult, Trace, in the states, for Biden, because of the issue of the economy.GALLAGHER: Right.MANCHESTER: We know that, you know, a lot of these states have been hit -- like, many parts of America had been hit relatively hard, obviously, by the economic conditions.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.MANCHESTER: So, it's going to be difficult, unless the economy improves for Biden to talking about inflation.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: That's right.Meantime, we look at the physical and mentally fit factor in this whole thing. And the voters say we got three polls here: Fox News, ABC, Ipsos. And you look across the board, and you see the former president, he is up by a bunch, right?He is up in every column across the thing to all -- the yellow, all the way across the board. Those are the big things.I mean, when you look at these, Sarah, it's an issue and everybody is kind of looking at this age could be the top issue, maybe the economy, but age is right up there.SARAH BEDFORD, INVESTIGATIVE REPORTER FOR THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Well, I think the age issue colors all the other issues as well, right? If you are a voter who believes that Joe Biden is too old to be the president, you probably believe he is too old to, you know, properly lead the U.S. on the national stage in foreign policy.You probably think that he's not capable of turning the economy around, you probably think that he's too weak to shut down the crisis at the southern border.GALLAGHER: Yes.BEDFORD: So, I think, you know, that is an issue for Joe Biden. And also, it's an issue that Joe Biden can't fix. It's pretty clear that voters have made up their mind on this.GALLAGHER: Right.BEDFORD: No matter how many convictions Trump faces, how much money Joe Biden spends, this is an unfixable problem for Joe Biden.GALLAGHER: So, let's track the issues. You talked about them, Sarah. Here they are. Fox News Power Rankings, the issue tracker, we should know going into this. President Biden does well on abortion, but you look at crime, foreign policy, former president up plus seven, plus 15 on the economy, plus 18 on the border.Biden is trying to change that border policy, but boy, it seems like a very feckless attempt. Julia?MANCHESTER: Yes, it's going to be tough if we continue to see these images from the southern border, you know, of migrants pouring over. But that being said, we are seeing Democrats increasingly roll out this message, and we saw the president do it today, talk about the attempts in Congress for Democrats to, you know, essentially introduce legislation that would have addressed the border in some way.GALLAGHER: Yes.MANCHESTER: Now, whether that works or not, we are really not sure. I don't know if that necessarily translates to Americans, the same way that Republicans running ads with images of the border are.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.MANCHESTER: But we'll see.GALLAGHER: We will see. Has the guilty verdict influence your vote, Sarah? Here it is. Republicans and Independents. 34 percent of Republicans say more likely to vote for him; less likely 11 percent; no difference 55.Independents kind of different story. More likely, 16; no difference, 58. The 26 number in the middle is bigger than a lot of people expected. Final thoughts.BEDFORD: Yes, I think it's really too soon to tell exactly how this conviction is going to sway the election. Those numbers of voters who were open to having their vote swayed by the conviction is relatively small compared to the rest of the electorate.Most people have seen this conviction and either they are more excited to vote for Trump,(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.BEDFORD: Or they are reaffirmed in their belief that Donald Trump was a crook all along. I think that a very small segment of the electorate who might change their mind, we just don't know how powerful this is going to be --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.BEDFORD: -- when the election is still five months after the conviction.GALLAGHER: Right. And we are going to talk, by the way, to a lifelong Democrat just minutes coming up, who was voting for Trump, and he is going to tell you why. It's going to be fascinating.Sarah Bedford, Julia, I'm sorry, Julia Manchester. Thank you so much. We appreciate that.Meantime, testimony is now underway in the criminal trial of Hunter Biden, charged with three federal gun crimes. David Spunt is live tonight in Wilmington, Delaware. David, good evening.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening. The first day of testimony in the books and jurors heard directly from the defendant, the president's son, Hunter Biden himself.No, he didn't take the stand. However, they heard parts of his audio book of his memoir. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HUNTER BIDEN, SECOND SON OF PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN: Crack takes you into the darkest recesses of your soul, as well as the darkest corners of every community.SPUNT (voice over): Now, prosecutors showed Hunter Biden's laptop that has been in an evidence locker for the past five years to show it does exist and they are quoting for it. They showed picture after picture and text after text relating to mentions of illegal drugs, and Hunter's addiction, specifically, to crack and cocaine.Prosecutors told jurors that while drug addiction may not be a choice, owning a gun as a drug user and lying to buy that gun is a choice. Jurors saw this gun form, he allegedly filled out in 2018 really the center of this alleged crime.Now, Hunter's attorney, Abbe Lowell, told the jury today, the president's son was abusing alcohol not drugs when he bought the handgun around that time. He owned it for 11 days, Lowell claims that Hunter was rushed and pressured by a local sales clerk at a Wilmington Delaware gun store.He also told jurors, the Special Counsel cannot establish a chain of custody of the gun pouch that had what is alleged to be cocaine residue, some sort of white residue putting blame instead on Hallie Biden, Hunter's sister-in-law, the wife of late Beau Biden.Now, Hunter insists that Hallie Biden panicked. Lowell insists that Hallie Biden panicked when she found the gun in Hunter's car, put the pouch, and threw it in a garbage can outside a local grocery store.Now, one day after he bought the gun, he allegedly texted Hallie, he was meeting a local drug dealer in Wilmington.Bottom line, Trace, a lot of messy details that are putting different people of the Biden family in different corners. At some point, Hallie Biden is expected to testify. And we expect Hunter's ex-wife, Kathleen, with whom he shares several children with to testify as soon as tomorrow. Trace.GALLAGHER: David Spunt, live for us in Wilmington. David, thank you.Let's bring in the co-chair of the America First Policy Institute's Center for Law and Justice, former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, along with former DoD Chief of Staff Kash Patel. Thank you both for coming on.So, Hunter's defense, to you first, Pam Bondi. The defense attorney says that Hunter did not consider himself a drug user when he bought the gun. But you put up the timeline here, and you see, October 12th, he checks no on that gun thing. Right?Then, October 13th, he texts an unknown person that he's waiting for his drug dealer, and October 14th, text Hallie Biden on a car, smoking crack.Clearly, the defense doesn't have much to go on here.PAM BONDI, FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL, FLORIDA: No, they don't.And Trace, that form -- that box is on that forum for a reason. Because someone like Hunter Biden should not have a gun in his possession. Someone like Hunter Biden, who's around his own children doing crack should not have a gun. Hunter Biden who's around Hallie Biden's children, his also niece and nephew should not be doing crack, having a gun. And he had it in his car.Why in the world was that guy getting a gun?GALLAGHER: Right.BONDI: So, and saying he was pressured by a gun dealer just doesn't fly. Legally, this is a very, very solid case.GALLAGHER: Yes.BONDI: The problem with the case, Trace, of course, is that it's in Delaware.GALLAGHER: It is in Delaware. Jill Biden was in the courtroom. Kash Patel, I mean, Joe Biden is in the vicinity. But the laptop is legit. And there is a lot of evidence facing down Hunter Biden.KASH PATEL, FORMER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CHIEF OF STAFF UNDER TRUMP: Yes, look -- great to be with you.The laptop to me is instrumental and highlights everything that's gone wrong in this country with the judicial system and the two-tier system of justice.In 2019, the FBI and DOJ knew the laptop was real and possessed it, as testified too by the FBI agent in the courtroom.So, the question is, why didn't Bill Barr, as the attorney general back then before the election, admit to the American public that, that was the case?Why did he allow 51 Intel officials to lie to the world about the contents and depths of Hunter Biden's laptop? And then why did the censorship regime at Twitter, Facebook, and elsewhere shut down the New York Post, and call they are factually accurate reporting.GALLAGHER: Right.PATEL: I find it ironic that Merrick Garland, the attorney general for Joe Biden was forced to admit what we've known all along in Court just last week. Hunter Biden's laptop is real, and as Pam said --GALLAGHER: Yes.PATEL: The evidence is damning. And now, he is putting on the defense that he is blaming his dead brother's wife that he later bedded.GALLAGHER: Right.PATEL: You can put as much lipstick as you want on this crack pipe, but it's always going to belong to Hunter Biden.GALLAGHER: Speaking to Merrick Garland here. I want to play this back and forth, because he was testifying -- he was asked why the number three at the DOJ Tom (PH) Colangelo was actually prosecuting Donald Trump. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. TOM MCCLINTOCK (R-CA): But it is rather odd that the third ranking official in your office leaves it to go to a local prosecutor's office to prosecute this case.MERRICK GARLAND, UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL: Justice Department had nothing to do with that person going.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Didn't even know he left the office, Pam Bondi. I'd like to get both of you on this. I have one minute left, Pam.BONDI: It's very hard to believe, Trace.Also, I can't wait for them to talk to Merrick Garland about the raid at Mar-a-Lago, when he was sitting in D.C. monitoring that raid, along with the entire Justice Department.GALLAGHER: Yes.BONDI: How is that not using political influence on our justice system?GALLAGHER: 30 seconds to you, Kash.PATEL: Yes. look, as a guy who was a federal prosecutor at the National Security Division at the Department of Justice, those jobs are prestigious. It's an honor to serve them. When you are the number three DOJ official, you don't go downstream to the district attorney's office in New York for the most political case in U.S. history.GALLAGHER: Yes.PATEL: And the attorney general doesn't know about it. I think Congress needs to subpoena Merrick Garland's records and show the world what they do.GALLAGHER: And the A.G. doesn't even know you're gone. Maybe when you're gone, and then, you will know it. Kash, thank you. Pam, thank you very much.PATEL: Thanks, Trace.GALLAGHER: Well, coming up, a member of Chicago City Council says alerting her constituents to crime is somehow racist. We'll talk about that coming up.As well as the "NIGHTCAP" a woman who would not bring her shopping cart back, and yet, she says she has a very good reason. We want to know is there any way that you would say no to bring in your shopping cart back? And would you have a great reason? We will explain fully, coming up with Chicago and why notifying people about crimes is racist. Next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, a progressive Democratic lawmaker in crime ridden Chicago is now refusing to post crime alerts on social media or send them to her constituents, because they are apparently racist, and have a negative impact on the underserved.Marianne Rafferty is live with the reasoning behind this. Marianne, good evening.MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes. Good evening, Trace.Well, Chicago Alderwoman Leni Manaa-Hoppenworth is changing things up when it comes to informing her constituents about crime. The progressive Democrat who beat out nine other challengers to represent Chi-Town's 48th ward in 2023, saying she will no longer send out crime alerts unless e-mail subscribers opt in.They will still receive alerts if there are imminent threats like active shooters or bomb threats.According to a blog post on Ward's web site, the previous practice, "leads to an inaccurate public perception about violent crime rates and negatively impacts our most marginalized and underserved neighbors."Manaa-Hoppenworth added in an interview with the Chicago Sun Times that reporting an incident of anti-Asian hate, for example, would lead to more policing and surveillance, saying, "does that necessarily increase safety for that community? Not necessarily."The change comes as crime surges in the 48th Ward shootings have reached a nine-year high and robberies are up over 78 percent over last year. Sexual assaults also reportedly reaching levels not seen since 2012.It also follows the city's Democratic mayor Brandon Johnson, who says he will not renew a contract with ShotSpotter. That's a surveillance tool that's meant to alert police to gunshots in real time in the fall.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRANDON JOHNSON, MAYOR OF CHICAGO: Yes, the fact of the matter is that this tool has been proven to be ineffective.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAFFERTY: Chicago City Council recently and overwhelmingly passed a measure that would require their approval in order to stop using that tool.Alderwoman Leni Manaa-Hoppenworth voted against that measure. Trace.GALLAGHER: Marianne, thank you.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" just got wind of this plan by Chicago Alderwoman Leni Manaa-Hoppenworth, who says she will no longer post crime alerts on social media or send out crime alerts to her constituents, because it leads an "inaccurate public perception."Notifying residents about crime in their neighborhoods gives them an inaccurate perception?They are not false alarms, they are not test alerts, they are real crimes in real neighborhoods involving real people.Chicago had 41 shootings on Memorial Day weekend. Nine of them fatal, including a 5-year-old girl. Sex crimes, aggravated batteries, robberies, burglaries are at the highest level in years in Chicago. That's like Seattle having the highest levels of rain in years. It's a lot of rain.And if they stopped telling people it was raining, would they be drier? Maybe have a drier perspective? The alderwoman says crime alerts negatively impact the marginalized and underserved.So, now, the answer is to withhold vital information from those with less money, fewer resources, so the bullets still fly, but it's more empowering and less racist if you don't know where they fly.Common sense is getting tree-in-the-forest vibes. You know, if someone is shot in the city but you don't hear about it, did the victim make a sound?Let's bring in the author of "What's Killing America," Seattle Talk Radio Host, Jason Rantz; Chicago Resident, Cata Truss; and Fox News Political Analyst, Gianno Caldwell, whose 18-year-old brother, Christian, was killed in Chicago two years ago this month.Gianno, again, we are still sorry for that. I want to go to you first here, because what do you think of these crime alerts not being sent to residents because some alderwoman believes that they are they are you know hurting perspective.GIANNO CALDWELL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, Trace, I got to tell you with over 600 people murdered last year, 2,500 shot, many children also murdered last year, that this plan from this alderman is systemically stupid. How dare her think that just by not reporting something which could actually save lives.Perhaps, if this information was available to my brother, maybe he would still be alive today. Maybe he would know, I shouldn't be outside at this particular point, which in Chicago could be any time of the day.It's no longer being at the wrong place at the wrong time because being at the wrong place at the wrong time can be laying in your bed when a bullet comes through your window. Bullets are indiscriminate in Chicago. We need more information not less press.GALLAGHER: Yes, Cotta Truss he makes a very good point. I mean, I know these crime alerts scare some people, but they are meant to inform you about where crime is happening right now.CATA TRUSS, CHICAGO RESIDENT: This makes absolutely no sense. And as far as I'm concerned, it is a ploy by liberal Chicagoans, liberal elected officials, to censor crime.You're not informing people of the different crimes that are happening in their community and basically not being informed about a crime that is happening is not protecting the people.As a matter of fact, you're preventing them from being able to arm themselves in order to prevent crimes from happening to them, because they are not aware of the crimes that are going on around them.GALLAGHER: That's a very good point. Chicago couple, a wife who was pregnant, attacked, they were on a date, the wife lost her baby and here's what she said about this. Listen to her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Everything happened from behind us. First, someone approached him and hit his head, punched him in the head, and he looked back, and he looked at me and told me, run. So, he wanted to protect me. We believe in faith, and it wasn't meant to be, so we don't know why this happened to us.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Of course, it's heartbreaking in Illinois now, Jason Rantz, you can't really call them criminals because they're justice-impacted people.JASON RANTZ, SEATTLE TALK RADIO HOST: Yes, you better watch the language. The only police they like in Illinois, in Chicago in particular, happen to be the word police. And what we're dealing with here, not just in Illinois, but across the country, is a surge of teen violence and not even teenagers.There have been cases here in Seattle in which we have 12-year-olds involved in armed robberies or carjackings. And the biggest reason why this is happening is because they know they suffer no consequences. They're not going to ever go to jail.And when we tell bad kids already on that path, already using weapons, already getting violent, that don't worry, there's not going to be any consequences, we'll put you in restorative justice which is just some camp.They're going to continue to go down that path. God-forbid, we actually get at the underlying reasons behind white teenagers go down this path while also punishing the ones who have proven to be dangerous.GALLAGHER: Yes, and Gianno, to you now because that pregnant woman who lost her child, she went on to say the following, quoting here: "They didn't steal anything. They say like, we own the street. We own the street. You can't walk around.I was wearing like a nice dress and heels like I was out on a date with my husband, and they dragged my dress on the ground and they said like we own the street. You can't just walk around prancing in your little dress." I mean they feel emboldened, Gianno.CALDWELL: Yes, they feel emboldened because the people like Kim Foxx who refused to enforce the law. They feel emboldened because the new laws like the Safety Act, which creates more danger, not less. They feel emboldened because the mentality in the city of Chicago with the no-stop policies where police can't even chase you without calling their supervisor, which means the suspect has gotten away, has emboldened them. Of course, these things criminals don't respect, and I got to tell you, we need leadership change in the city of Chicago and we need it immediately.GALLAGHER: Yes, I want to put this up because here is a chaotic city council meeting in Dolton, Illinois. Just watch and listen to this.I mean, Cata Truss, this is all about super mayor Tiffany Hanyard, being called with her golden mike, by the way, being called on her lavish spending. What do you think?TRUSS: Well, what you're saying, now I'm here in the city of Chicago as well as Dolton, you are seeing our Democratic elected officials fail the people. You are seeing a host of different elected officials basically turn a blind eye to crime.Listen, let me tell you something. Here in Chicago, where crime is rampant, our mayor has no answer for it, our police superintendent has no answer for it. And if we don't get a handle on our young people, let me tell you, you have to think about the fact that there are not a lot of consequences for people committing crimes here in Chicago.The clearance rate for crimes in this city is dismal at best. And so, when criminals are out committing crimes and they know that there's no recourse, that there's no punishment, they become more bold and more embracing and that's what we're seeing.GALLAGHER: That's exactly right. Jason Rantz, you have a city that experienced a lot of crime over the past years. Wrap us up here because it really is a problem in Illinois.RANTZ: Look, at the end of the day, we get the government that we deserve and elections have consequences. And if we continue to put these kinds of people into office, they're of course going to come up with the exact same progressive policies to defund the police in any way that they can.And that also means de-policing, which is precisely why they don't want to put any information out about crimes, because they know it's going to lead to more police officers in the neighborhood.GALLAGHER: Jason Rantz, Cata Truss, Gianno Caldwell, thank you all. Coming up, a lifelong Democrat tells us why he's now on the Trump train voting for the former president in November. And when you look at the numbers it appears to be part of a larger trend. And later in the "NIGHTCAP."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: About six million people have freaked out over me not returning my shopping cart because my kids are in the car. Last year, 265 children were abducted in parking lots in America. As a single mom returning your shopping cart, you are a are prime for a predator to watch and grab you.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Six million have weighed in on this. We want to know what you think. The mother facing two really fire storms for telling the world she refuses to put her cart back, saying it all comes down to safety. Does this mom have a point? Is there ever an excuse to not return your shopping cart? I cannot wait to hear what you have to say. X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We will read your responses in the "NIGHTCAP."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, last night here on FOX NEWS @ NIGHT, we told you had Democrats and so-called never-Trumpers who are so disenchanted by the legal targeting and subsequent conviction of the former president that they will vote for him in November to "save democracy." Let's bring in a lifelong Democrat, Daniel Kotzon.Mr. Kotzon, thank you so much for coming on. In the free press, you said, and I'm quoting here, "they hate him too much," meaning Donald Trump. And you also said he's going to put some dirt in the gears. What do you mean by dirt in the gears, sir?DANIEL KOTZON, LIFELONG DEMOCRAT VOTING FOR TRUMP: Well, I think we're heading towards very dangerous times in America and in the world as a whole. Individual freedom is under threat like never before in my lifetime and I think Donald Trump is the freedom candidate.What I meant by throwing sand in the gears is that there's too much control of our lives by experts, by other powerful figures, by scientists. They're telling us what we have to do, they're telling us what we have to think, and they're telling us how we need to behave.And I don't want it. I'm an American, I want to live free and choose how to live my own life, and Donald Trump is the person who is most likely to help me be able to do that.GALLAGHER: We went on to say that Trump is almost like a child having a temper tantrum, but that's what we need.KOTZON: Yes, I think that's how a lot of us feel right now. People just want to be able to provide for their families, take care of their children, enjoy their time with each other, and not be worried. There's not a crisis every second.The Democrats want us terrified. There's a climate crisis. There's this crisis. There's that crisis. That's not what we need. We need to just lash out a little bit and restore a little bit of balance between regular folks and these experts that think they can tell us how to live our lives.GALLAGHER: Yes, it seems to me, I know you're a lifelong Democrat, but it's not just like this came at you in the past two or three months. It's been building for a while. Is that a fair assessment, Daniel?KOTZON: Yes, I think my trajectory can be illustrative. I was very opposed to lockdowns from the very beginning. And so, in the spring of 2020, I renounced the Democratic Party as you said I was a lifelong Democrat. I worked for Barack Obama's campaign I voted for Bill Clinton twice in the 90s. That's how far back it goes, but it was over.It's not the party that I thought I supported. The Democratic Party today is the party of censorship, cancel culture, cruelty and intolerance, and that became clear to me at least for me when that became clear was in the spring of 2020, when I saw what they were doing with lockdowns. People were dying alone in hospitals.They wouldn't let them see their families to say goodbye. And that was just so horrifying to me that I swore off the party. I wasn't quite ready to vote for Donald Trump though, in 2020. For a lot of Democrats, he can almost be a bridge too far. He's like worse than the Republican Party.And plus, I was a little bit angry at him, because I thought he should not have been putting Fauci on stage and glorifying him. So, I voted for the Libertarian candidate in 2020, but that's not who I'm going to be voting for this time. This is too important.And frankly, I trust Donald Trump a lot more now than I did four years ago. I think he's actually, believe it or not, a serious man that knows that he has serious tasks in front of him. He wasn't ready the first time. He's ready this time. He will be.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think it's a very fair assessment and well said. Mr. Kotzon, thank you for coming on. We appreciate your opinion. It's nice to see you. Thank you.KOTZON: Thanks so much for having me.GALLAGHER: And coming up, do you think the mom who told everyone on the internet that she doesn't put back her shopping cart because she's worried about her kids' safety is just making excuses? Or does she have a point? Let us know. X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We will read your responses. See what you have to say about this in the "NIGHTCAP."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We are back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Jeff Paul, Marianne Rafferty, Sheriff Alex Villanueva, Julia Manchester -- I got it perfect this time, Jason Rantz. Tonight's topic, cart blanche. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm not getting my groceries into my car getting my children into the car and then leaving them in the car to go return the cart. So, if you're going to give me a dirty look, (BLEEP).(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: A mother facing a firestorm of criticism after saying she refuses to return her shopping cart, citing 265 kids being abducted in parking lots last year. Not sure that's a real number, but as well as the vulnerability of single women in parking lots, that's true.But many moms, including those on FOX NEWS @ NIGHT teams say there are ways around this. You can return your shopping cart and keep your kids safe -- and it's not hard if there's a system in place. So, is there ever an excuse to not return your shopping cart? Let's talk to the sheriff about this.VILLANUEVA: I can tell you, there is a reason. You never know who's in the parking lot. If you have sketchy figures, you have transients who look like they're in some psychotic episode, the quicker you can get out of there, the better. And you know what? Who cares about the shopping cart?GALLAGHER: Amen, Sheriff, and don't they have people to pick up the shopping carts, Jeff Paul?PAUL: They do, but sometimes they don't have the little corral to put it back. I'm one of the people, I think it's one of my pet peeves, you've got to put the cart back. Mom's not going to be out there to put it out for you. You've got to put it back. And I'll tell you what, if any moms out there see me and they're worried about their kids, just ask me. I'll return the cart.GALLAGHER: OK, well you've got a mom next to you, so right. So, you've got a mom right next to you. What about you, Marianne Rafferty?RAFFERTY: OK, I always return the carts, but it does cross my mind if I have one or both kids in the car. Like, you know, I'm looking back the whole time. So, I understand.PAUL: Do you lock it? Do you lock the door?RAFFERTY: I do. I do. I know. And then I just hurry. And I go as fast as I can.GALLAGHER: And it depends if you're like in the North 40, Jason Rantz, and then you're like, I'm not walking all the way back there.RANTZ: Yes, fair point. I was with my imaginary son, and when I brought the cart back to where it was, I got back to the car. It was surrounded by rabid wolves, and my kid, who's fake, almost died.GALLAGHER: Oh, yes, that is. So yes, you're right. You should never return that cart. Julia.MANCHESTER: You know, Trace, I'm not a mother, so I'm not going to pretend to relate to the mothers in this. I guess my first reaction to all of this was, well, yes, of course, be considerate. Return the shopping cart. Keep the parking lot clean. But then there is obviously the safety to consider.And it is a hassle if you have one or multiple kids in hand. But at the end of the day, maybe we could all just consider grocery delivery. I know it's a little more expensive, but hey, it's there.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke.CORKE: Jeff Paul and I agree. I'll take your cart back for you. I always return my cart.GALLAGHER: Is there ever an excuse to your shopping cart? Yes, 63 percent. Instagram, yes, 64 percent.Kathy, "Park near the cart corral. It isn't that difficult."Glenn, "Yes, with all the attacks on women who are alone, ladies, get in your car and go."Maryland Born, Ohio Proud, "Special thanks to those who leave their cart in the middle of an empty parking space."James, "When somebody parks there, next, at least they have a cart right there, right?" Yes.Thank you all for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ Night. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. We'll see you right back here tomorrow.