SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We've got Speaker of the House Mike Johnson. Senator Tim Scott, is he the -- on the V.P. list? He is. Is he going to be the pick? And Democratic Congress Ro Khanna.(CROSSTALK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: With Johnny Belisario.BREAM: Johnny is co-hosting "FOX NEWS SUNDAY" with me.(CROSSTALK)JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We're also going to have the 16-inch tongue reptile.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes.WATTERS: Well, that's it for us tonight. Have a great weekend, everybody.PIRRO: Yes.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hey, Jesse, do you think Johnny will come on my show?WATTERS: A fan. A fan.BAIER: OK. All right. Thank you. Have a good weekend.Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. "BREAKING TONIGHT", Fox News has new and exclusive reaction from President Biden on the guilty verdict in former President Trump's historic criminal trial, the first of a former or current president in U.S. history.We have been talking about that and the fallout of it. Now, a little Q&A.White House correspondent Peter Doocy joins us live from the North Lawn with that.Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. It took about 24 hours. But we finally got President Biden to tell us what he thinks the Trump convictions mean for him ahead of November's election.This is iPhone video that we took as he was getting done toasting the Kansas City Chiefs on the South Lawn, and you will only see it here.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY: Do you think this conviction helps Trump in the election?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I have no idea.DOOCY: Are you worried that this could happen to you someday? Somebody comes up with some charges and tries to bring you into court after your term?BIDEN: Not at all. I didn't do anything wrong. The system still works.DOOCY: And when Trump says you're just trying to bruise him -- what do you say?Politically, politically. He thinks you're pulling the strings behind the scenes doing all this to help yourself?BIDEN: I didn't know I was that powerful.DOOCY (voice over): The president did not take questions earlier today, when he spoke as Israeli defense forces carried out operations looking for Hamas weapons and fighters in the center of Rafah, where hundreds of thousands of displaced Palestinians remain. And where President Biden has warned Israel must not carry out a large ground operation.So, today, he endorsed a new three-part Israeli proposal to Hamas that calls for a ceasefire, hostage exchange, and a rebuilt Gaza.BIDEN: I know there are those in Israel who will not agree with this plan and will call for the war to continue indefinitely, and the hostages are not a priority to them.DOOCY (voice over): The president claims Israeli objectives have already been achieved.BIDEN: At this point, Hamas no longer is capable of carrying out another October 7th.DOOCY (voice over): That heavy talk give weight to the lighter annual tradition and celebrating the Super Bowl champions.BIDEN: The first team in 20 years to win back-to-back. Winning back-to- back. I kind of liked that.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): And surprisingly, White House officials seem ready to move on. They chose to have President Biden talk a lot today about the war in Gaza, an issue that has proven to be politically perilous for him, and only a little about Trump, an issue that President Biden told us see isn't sure about politically. Bret?BAIER: Nice job getting the Q&A. Peter Doocy, live in the North Lawn. Peter, thank you.We'll discuss more about the Israel-Hamas war in our "COMMON GROUND" segment with senators Fetterman and Cassidy, coming up."BREAKING TONIGHT", presumptive Republican presidential nominee, former President Donald Trump is cashing in big on that conviction.The former president's campaign announcing it raked in about $38 million in all from almost 500,000 donors in the hours after the guilty verdict on all 34 felony counts of falsifying business records. Fundraising and campaigning around the verdict now, a big part of the political fallout. Correspondent Mark Meredith is following the story.Good evening, Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you.Tonight, former President Trump is vowing to appeal Thursday's 34 count criminal conviction. The move could delay any potential jail time he'd served. And the Trump campaign is also working in overtime to try to turn this entire case into an asset, instead of a political liability.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (voice over): One day after becoming a convicted felon, former President Trump re-embraced the spotlight.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This is a very unpleasant thing, to be honest, but it's a great, great honor. We are going to fight.A lot of people would have gone away a long time ago.MEREDITH (voice over): Today, Trump took no questions. Instead, he relaunched attacks on district attorney Alvin Bragg, former fixer, Michael Cohen and President BidenTRUMP: And these are bad people. And these are, in many cases, I believe, sick people.MEREDITH (voice over): Cohen says Trump got what he deserved.MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER LAWYER TO DONALD TRUMP: It's accountability. It's exactly what America needs right now.MEREDITH: Trump is due back in Court in mid-July for sentencing. And while he could end up behind bars, so far, that's not scaring off donors. The Trump campaign says it's already raised over $34 million since the verdict.MICHAEL WHATLEY, CHAIRMAN, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE: The fact is that we had so much traffic than it actually crashed our web site.MEREDITH (voice over): As the money rolled in, Trump's potential vice- presidential picks rush to defend him.SEN. J.D. VANCE (R-OH): The trial fundamentally was rigged. It was always about politics.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is flat out wrong. Our country is better than this.MEREDITH (voice over): But Maryland Republican Senate candidate, Larry Hogan, a vocal Trump critic says it's important to, "Reaffirm what has made this nation great, the rule of law."On Capitol Hill House Republicans are demanding Bragg, who prosecuted the case testify within two weeks. Bragg has yet to say if he'll accept the invite, but told reporters the trial was warranted.ALVIN BRAGG, DISTRICT ATTORNEY OF MANHATTAN: I do my job. Our job is to follow the facts and the law without fear or favor.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): Tonight, eight Republican senators are vowing to vote down any of President Biden's judicial nominees because of this Trump case. As for Trump, he doesn't have any rallies on the schedule for this weekend. But he'll be heading out west to California next week, Bret, for multiple fundraisers. I would bet he'll make quite a bit of news out there as well. Bret.BAIER: All right, Mark. Thank you. Former President Trump says he will appeal the guilty verdicts. Tonight, we are learning more about what that may look like.Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the New York State Supreme Court with that part of the story.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Former President Donald Trump plans to appeal his conviction of falsifying business records to unlawfully influence the 2016 election.TRUMP: We're going to be appealing in many different things.FOY (voice over): Today, Trump called Judge Juan Merchan a tyrant for imposing a gag order on him, and refusing full testimony from former FEC chairman, Brad Smith, during the trial.Trump will have 30 days to appeal after Merchan hands down his sentence on July 11th, just four days before the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee.Trump plans to challenge the trial's fairness given his status as a celebrity and former president. The Defense will also question the credibility of the prosecution's star witness Michael Cohen. Trump's attorneys laid the groundwork for an appeal during the trial and will likely revisit key rulings, like Judge Merchan's denial of a mistrial motion, after salacious testimony from adult film actress Stormy Daniels.At the time, Merchan said, "I agree that it would have been better if some of these things had been left unsaid." But Merchan also criticized Trump's lawyers for not objecting enough.Trump's attorneys may also cite their denied request for Merchan to recuse himself. In 2020, the judge donated $35 to Democrats, including $15 to then candidate Joe Biden. Merchan's daughter also works for a democratic political campaign firm. While the state commission on judicial conduct dismissed an ethics complaint against Merchan, Trump maintains, prosecutors received preferential treatment.TRUMP: We weren't allowed to -- allowed to use our election expert under any circumstances. But when the government wanted something, they got everything. They got everything they wanted.(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): Trump faces possible jail time, probation, or fines when he's sentenced here coming up on July 11th.But an appellate court could essentially push back or delay the execution of that sentence until safter the appeals process plays out, which is expected to take several months and is not expected to be finished before the November election. Bret?BAIER: Nate Foy, outside the courthouse. Nate, you're going to miss that place.FOY: I'm happy that it's over, Bret.BAIER: All right. All right. Thank you, sir. Nice job.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We had a conflicted judge -- highly conflicted. This never been a more conflicted judge. Now, I'm under a gag order. I had to pay thousands of dollars in penalties and fines, and was threatened with jail.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Let's get some analysis now today's developments. Former U.S. Attorney Brett Tolman. Brett, good evening.You know, a lot about this judge. And to the former president's point, he is still under that gag order until it's officially relieved.Elie Honig, former assistant U.S. attorney wrote this: "Prosecutors got Trump -- but they contorted the law: The judge donated money to a pro- Biden, anti-Trump political operation, including funds that the judge earmarked for resisting the Republican Party and Donald Trump's radical right-wing legacy. Would folks have been just fine with the judge staying on the case if he had donated a couple of bucks to re-elect Donald Trump, MAGA forever? Absolutely not.And this is the section of the rule in New York, Section 100.5 rules for the chief administrative judge: "A judge or candidate for elective judicial office shall refrain from inappropriate political activity. Prohibited political activity shall include soliciting funds for, paying an assessment to, or making a contribution to a political organization or candidate."So, I start with you, you know, supporters of the judge and the verdict, say, hey, was $35 bucks -- what's the big deal? What do you say about all that?BRETT TOLMAN, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Yes. Bret, you know, there was a time in which judges I really bent over backwards to make sure that the public had a perception of fairness and a perception of impartiality.And I know judges that for far less, will recruited recuse themselves in order to give some confidence to the public. We don't see that in this case. Instead, we have -- we have some grey and hazy evidence that he received the case, perhaps on purpose. We also don't know why he didn't take the higher road and give confidence.I mean, imagine if -- how different it would be, Bret, if the judge recused a new judge with very little, you know, conflict or no conflict took over that there was a presumption of innocence and that the defense was given far greater latitude to defend themselves.And at that point, if a conviction occurs, you have a lot more confidence that the system, at least, work the way that it was supposed to work. Here, we lose confidence from the very beginning of this case, from the charging, and the grand jury, to the -- and jury instructions and conviction.BAIER: And a number of avenues there for an appeal on the New York side. We've talked before about the possibility as slim as it might be of going directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.Mark Levin led -- laid some of that out on "FOX AND FRIENDS" this morning. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Common Law writ is, is the judiciary, on its own, based on its own powers, and based on its own precedent, can take on a matter regardless of the certiorari.So, what I would do, just me, I go up the appellate process in New York simultaneously, if I were Trump's lawyer, I would move to -- for the Appellate Court to stay any further decisions by the lower court. But then, I would go try and go to the U.S. Supreme Court.Because Donald Trump, for six weeks, has not been able to campaign like a normal candidate, to visit voters, to meet voters, to go to rallies, and voters, voters, and ultimately, the American people are the victims --(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And to Mark's point, if you look at the calendar that sentencing, July 11th, again, is four days before the start of the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee. And there you see the timeline of things. What do you make of that, Brett?TOLMAN: You know, two things. I think, Mark Levin is correct. I think there is an emergency appeal that could take place. I don't believe the Supreme Court if they granted it would actually go to the merits of the case. I think they would stay the imposition of sentence and allow Donald Trump to go forward.And the basis bread I think for that would be on the question around the identifying of the underlying or the predicate charge. The Fifth -- Sixth Amendment's constitutional protections allow us to know what we're being charged so that we can prepare a defense. So, I think it's possible.And with respect to the timing of this, I think there is even more reason for the Supreme Court to say let's push pause so that we can -- they can pursue the appeal, but it doesn't jeopardize the fact that this is a viable candidate, who's likely to get the Republican nomination, and it's a few days before such an important decision is to be made.BAIER: All right. Brett Tolman, we appreciate your time.TOLMAN: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: Stocks were mixed today. the Dow surged 575.575 for its best day of 2024. The S&P 500 gained 42. The NASDAQ fell, two.For the week, the Dow was actually down one percentage point. The S&P 500 fell 1-1/2. The NASDAQ dropped 1-1/10.Up next, a policy shift from the Biden administration over the war in Ukraine that could have global implications. And we'll speak to senators John Fetterman and Bill Cassidy seeking common ground on a variety of issues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The Justice Department is charging a former U.S. Navy Vice Chief of Naval Operations, alleging he accepted bribes to steer government contracts in exchange for a future job while he was still in the service.Retired Navy Admiral Robert Burke, and two business executives were each charged with bribery and conspiracy. If convicted, Burke faces a maximum penalty of 30 years in prison.President Biden has given Kyiv the green light to use American weapons inside Russia under some strict conditions. Western leaders have hesitated, allowing such action over Russian President Vladimir Putin's warnings of a possible nuclear conflict.Here's Chief National Security Correspondent Jennifer Griffin.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JENNIFER GRANHOLM, U.S. ENERGY SECRETARY (voice over): For the first time, President Biden has lifted his own restrictions so that the Ukrainian military can use some American weapons to strike targets inside Russia to protect Ukraine's second largest city Kharkiv from an ongoing Russian assault.Senior U.S. officials say this is a limited policy shift related to Kharkiv only and does not include permission to use American long range artillery known as ATACMS with a 200 mile range to strike inside Russian territory.Ukraine can use the shorter range guided precision launched rockets known as GMLRS with a 43 mile range. In Prague, Secretary of State Antony Blinken hinted U.S. policy will adjust to help Ukraine stop Russia's advances.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: The stakes couldn't be higher in this moment. Going forward, we'll continue to do what we've been doing, which is as necessary, adapt and adjust.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Russia began its attack on Kharkiv on May 10th. On May 13th, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs had a secure video conference call with their Ukrainian counterparts, Ukraine requesting permission to use U.S. provided weapons across the border against Russian positions in the Kharkiv region.The president signed off on the new policy this week, as the leaders of both France and Germany publicly pressured him to do so.EMMANUEL MACRON, FRENCH PRESIDENT (through translator): How do we explain to Ukrainians that we are going to have to protect these towns and basically every city (ph) we want around Kharkiv. If we tell him you are not allowed to reach the point where as the missiles are fired from.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev warned today that the White House decision to allow American weapons to strike targets in Russia is a, "fatal mistake" making the U.S. and NATO combatants and that Moscow is not bluffing about its willingness to use tactical nuclear weapons in Ukraine, Bret.BAIER: Jennifer Griffin live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thanks.Up next, one Democrat, one Republican, we seek Common Ground. First, Beyond our Borders tonight.And a sailor with a knife attacks and wounds six people including a police officer in a central square in the southwestern German city of Mannheim. Police shot the attacker and say there is no longer any danger to the public.French authorities in New Caledonia regain full control of their Pacific territories capital after two weeks of unrest that left seven people dead there and significant destruction in the archipelago.The violence flared over attempts by French president Emmanuel Macron's government to amend the French constitution and change voting lists in New Caledonia.And this is a live look at Barcelona. One of the big stories there from Spain, Spanish police seized 11 metric tons of fake soccer jerseys to be sold in the run up to Saturday's Champions League final in London.The search also produced other fake products such as luxury watches, leather goods and electronics with an estimated market value of more than $6.5 million.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The American principle that no one is above the law was reaffirmed.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Now, this can't be allowed to happen to other presidents. It should never be allowed to happen in the future.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: President Biden and former President Trump today. Welcome back to SPECIAL REPORT. It's time for our Common Ground segment.Joining us tonight, Pennsylvania Democratic Senator John Fetterman and Louisiana Republican Senator Bill Cassidy.Senator, thanks for being here. I want to talk about your legislation that you're working on together, Protecting Students on Campus Act, but I do want to talk about the breaking news about this conviction of the former president. The reaction to it.Senator Fetterman, first to you, you know, conservative legal analysts say this case in New York would never have been brought against anyone who was not named Donald Trump. And that this is a political prosecution that will affect the election. How do you see it? What's your reaction?SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): Well, I mean, that's really not my judgment whether or not they should have brought that, that's -- that was their call.But what I do believe is that it's not going to be anything meaningful, have an impact on Donald Trump's running for the president. I think everybody involved in this was already understood what this was about. And all of his supporters already understand that.BAIER: From the liberal side, liberal legal analysts say this is evidence that no one's above the law. This was a jury that listened to five weeks of testimony. And now the former president is a convicted felon, and that should factor into people's sense about the election. How do you think about that?SEN. BILL CASSIDY (R-LA): You know, I'm not an attorney, but I will say this, no one is above the law, but no one should be targeted by the law. When someone runs for district attorney in New York City, a political office, declaring that he's going to go after Donald Trump. And then he takes two misdemeanors, and somehow two misdemeanors become a felony. And here it looks like the rule of law has been twisted.BAIER: Senator Fetterman, one thing you are working on with Senator Cassidy is this protecting students on campus act. It's a bill to combat college antisemitism, inform students of the right to file complaints, require civil rights violation reporting, audit institutions with high ratios, document response monthly to Congress. Why do this?FETTERMAN: Well, because it's a real issue there. It's a very, very much a real situation there on campuses all across America. You know, even just a couple days ago I was at the graduation at Yeshiva and I was talking to students there as well. And people have felt overwhelmed after October 7th on some of the things that have been happening. And now even my own alma mater, Harvard, again, was appalled at that reaction there to. And there's a lot of campuses that were unwilling to protect members of the Jewish community on our campuses.BAIER: And Senator Fetterman, all the way back to November, you have been taunted by pro-Palestinian protesters really going after you. Has that relented at all?FETTERMAN: Oh no. And somehow I'm still OK.BAIER: Senator Cassidy, it's a big problem?CASSIDY: It is a big problem. I have asked Senator Bernie Sanders, my chairman on the HELP Committee to hold a hearing on this. He has not. So we had a roundtable. And we had a woman, a student from Stanford come, Jewish. And she spoke of the antisemitism on the Stanford campus. Now, there is an Office of Civil Rights within the Department of Education which will investigate that. She did not know about this. She did not know that she could report this harassment and trigger that investigation.FETTERMAN: I don't think anyone else really is talking about this. You know, the leader of Iran, now, just they went out on X and they announced that we're so proud of all of you protesters on colleges. If the Iran president is now saying you are doing a great job, then you really should be asking myself, am I on the wrong side of this issue?BAIER: Yes. Senator Fetterman, while I have you, the president endorsed a ceasefire proposal today, did it right on Shabbat, and essentially it would stop going after Hamas, would release all the hostages and be a permanent ceasefire. Your thoughts on that proposal?FETTERMAN: I've been very clear. I'm going to follow Israel in this situation. I do believe that Hamas needs to be destroyed and it needs to be followed to the end until there is an absolute surrender and they are able either in exile, or they are brought to justice, or they are eliminated. One way or another, there is not going to be any meaningful peace so long as Hamas is able to operate.And if you look at all of the damage, the death, and all of that, that's exactly what Hamas wants. They designed that to be that way. They really don't care how many Palestinians actually die and their suffering. Actually, Israel cares about minimizing all of the civilian deaths and all of the kinds of damage.BAIER: Senator Cassidy, is there more togetherness on big issues on Capitol Hill than we know about? Obviously, we have been doing this segment for a long time, but we don't talk about it a lot.CASSIDY: I would argue there is more togetherness nationwide than people realize. Most Americans agree that students should not be harassed on college campuses. All of them should, but unfortunately only most do. Most Americans agree that Israel after October the 7th has a right to defend itself. And so Congress really reflects our country.Now, frankly, conflict is what sells newspapers, if you will, attracts eyeballs. So, that goes unreported. But what John and I are doing on the issue of notifying students of their right to report being harassed to support Israel, or other things for children on online security as regards the Internet, that's what most Americans think. And we just reflect what most Americans think.BAIER: All right, most Americans are thinking past the summer already to the NFL season. I have looked at the schedule. It is a week three matchup, the Eagles at the Saints, September 22nd. Do we have any predictions, Senator Fetterman?(LAUGHTER)FETTERMAN: Geesh, I don't know. FOX always really brings the really difficult kinds of questions.(LAUGHTER)FETTERMAN: But I really got to be honest. I'm a Steelers guy. So --BAIER: OK.FETTERMAN: So, of course, the Eagles are going to win, of course. But I will be visiting my colleague's state. We come to New Orleans every year over the summer. So we can all agree that it's really an amazing state and a beautiful city there in New Orleans.BAIER: There you go. There you go. Senator Cassidy?CASSIDY: Bret, of course, I'm predicting the Saints win. But one thing we have common ground here as well, Paul Skenes who pitched for LSU last year is now tearing it up for the Pirates. So if John is also a Pirates fan, there's a lot of people in Louisiana rooting for the Pirates.FETTERMAN: I actually really can't wait to watch him pitch. It's really going to be pretty exciting.BAIER: There you go, common ground across sports as well. Senators, thank you so much for the time.You can see all of the "Common Ground" segments on my podcast "Common Ground." Find that and the "All-Star Panel" podcast under the Bret Baier podcasts at FOXNewspodcast.com, Spotify, or wherever you download podcasts. You can also see the discussion on the FOX News YouTube page.Up next, what this weekend's presidential election in Mexico could mean for U.S.-Mexico relations.And later, the panel on the presidential race and the aftermath of the former president's conviction.But as we head to break, Marian Robinson has died. Robinson is former first lady Michelle Obama's mother. A family statement says she passed away peacefully this morning. Robinson became known to Americans as the country's first grandmother after her son-in-law, Barack Obama, won the 2008 presidential election. She was a fixture in the White House during his eight years in office, though she kept a low profile.Marian Robinson was 86 years old.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The man accused of killing a nursing student whose body was found on the University of Georgia campus is pleading not guilty to murder and other charges in her death. A grand jury earlier this month returned an indictment charging Jose Ibarra in the killing of Laken Hope Riley. The case became a flash point in the immigration debate since Ibarra, who is from Venezuela, entered the U.S. illegally.Voters in Mexico are preparing to head to the polls Sunday with recent surveys showing they appear poised to elect their first ever female president. That frontrunner has close ties to the United States. So what could that mean for U.S.-Mexico relations? National correspondent William La Jeunesse shows us tonight from Los Angeles.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Ahead by 20 points in the polls and backed by the widely popular leftwing Morena Party, 61-year- old Claudia Sheinbaum is likely Sunday to become Mexico's next president over rival Xochitl Galvez. Key issues -- poverty, corruption, inequality, and crime. A protege of current president Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, analysts don't some expect major changes in the U.S.-Mexican relationship, though some believe Sheinbaum will take stronger action against the cartels and illegal immigration.LILA ABED, WILSON CENTER: Mexico, probably more than any other country, can either undermine or strengthen the U.S.'s border and migration policy.LA JEUNESSE: As mayor of Mexico City, Sheinbaum claimed to have reduced the homicide rate by 50 percent by increasing police pay and more cooperation from the military.FALKO ERNST, INTERNATIONAL CRISIS GROUP: You have very powerful tool at your hands from a political perspective if you continue to bet on the armed forces. But, on the other side, they operate essentially outside of civilian and legal oversights.LA JEUNESSE: A secular Jew raised by scientist parents, Sheinbaum pursued engineering over ballet, spending four years at U.C. Berkeley studying climate change.CLAUDIA SHEINBAUM, MEXICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We are convinced that decreasing effect of climate change necessarily requires a new development model.LA JEUNESSE: Like Mexico's current President, Sheinbaum opposes privatizing state-owned companies but supports reshoring American manufacturing from China to improve Mexico's standard of living.(END VIDEO TAPE)LA JEUNESSE (on camera): Mexico isn't just America's largest trading partner and number one tourist destination. Close relations could help the U.S. address border security and the fentanyl crisis. Bret?BAIER: William, thank you.Up next, the panel on politics and next steps in former President Trump's guilty verdict, plus Candidate Casino, Winners and Losers, and later, "Notable Quotables."First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight.FOX 9 in Minneapolis where authorities are investigating a mass shooting that left three people dead, including a Minneapolis police officer and several other people injured. Police were called to an apartment for a reported shooting when Officer Jamal Mitchell went to provide aid to a man who appeared to be a victim, but the man shot and killed him. A second officer exchanged gunfire with that suspect who died at the scene.FOX 2 in San Francisco where police and the California Highway Patrol move in to confront anti-Israel protesters at U.C. Santa Cruz. Video shows some students being walked out of the area by police, placed in zip ties.And this is a live look at Portland, Maine from, our affiliate FOX 23. One of the big stories there tonight, weather experts predict the northern lights could be visible through the weekend in the northern most parts of the U.S. Sunspots are back, which means there could be more solar storms and the possibility of an aurora borealis spectacle again.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: It's a rigged -- it was a rigged trial.I'm honored to be involved in it because somebody has to do it, and I might as well keep going and be the one. But I'm very honored to be involved because we are fighting for our Constitution.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's irresponsible for anyone to say this was rigged just because they don't like the verdict. The justice system should be respected, and we should never allow anyone to tear it down.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The former president, current president dealing with the fallout here. "Wall Street Journal" editorial board, "A guilty verdict for Trump and its consequences for the country. The conviction sets a precedent of using legal cases, no matter how sketchy, to try to knock out political opponents, including former presidents. Mr. Trump has already vowed to return the favor. If Democrats felt like cheering Thursday when the guilty verdict was read, they should think again. Mr. Bragg might have opened a new destabilizing era of American politics, and no one can say how it will end."With that, let's bring in our panel, Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," Byron York, chief political correspondent of "The Washington Examiner," and Julia Manchester, national politics reporter for "The Hill." Byron, thoughts?BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think today was kind of a sinking in day as we all just process what has happened. I think that also includes Donald Trump among everybody else. It is notable, I think, that no official Republican who supports Trump, nobody in an official capacity, has at all tried to distance themself or herself from Trump at all.And actually, the most interesting thing happened. You played that statement from President Biden where it was a pretty unremarkable statement. And then at the end he was asked about Trump's statement that he, Trump, is a political prisoner. Biden was walking away, gave it to the Biden grin. And within about an hour or so the Trump campaign had turned around a really clever ad that made Biden look incredibly sinister. Maybe the most interesting thing that happened today.BAIER: Julia?JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICS REPORTER, "THE HILL": Yes, look, Bret, from I was looking, I was looking out for any political implications, how operatives, strategists, voters were responding to this. It was interesting, hours before the verdict came out on Thursday, a Marist poll showed that in the case of a guilty verdict, support for Trump went down, Biden led. In the case of a not guilty verdict, Trump led. So that was interesting to watch.But talking to Republicans today, what I've heard is that this isn't necessarily -- obviously it's not great for Trump. This is obviously a bad thing to happen to someone, especially someone who is running for president and facing what could be a very harsh punishment. But a lot of Republicans have said this is a way for him to galvanize his base. Remember, within a period of less than 24 hours after the verdict was reached, the campaign announced it raised nearly $35 million, with 29 percent of those donors being new donors, according to the campaign. That shows me that Trump is essentially expanding his universe.One other thing that Republicans have said is that this is a monumental news story and a moment in American history. And this could very well attract outside voters, maybe low propensity voters that aren't as involved in politics. And according to these strategists, they say, look, those low propensity voters are more likely to vote for Trump than Biden.BAIER: We'll see. We'll follow it coming days in the polls.What about this premise, Mollie, of opening the pandora's box? It takes us back to 2016, after the election, Trump wins. Our late colleague Charles Krauthammer had some comments, conservative commentator at the time, this is in "The Hill," "Charles Krauthammer says president-elect Donald Trump's suggestion that he would not prosecute Hillary Clinton over her use of an email server is akin to issuing a pardon. The president-elect told "The New York Times" during a meeting Tuesday that he did not want to hurt the Clintons, suggesting he would not push prosecution." Here he is on the show November 22nd, 2016.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER, SYNDICATED COLUMNIST: I think it's right to do it. You put that behind us. Yes, there are probably offenses which are prosecutable, maybe she would be convicted. But that's not what we want to do. We do not want to see national political opponents putting each other in jail.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: It's not apples to apples, Mollie, but it's interesting to look back at that.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, and it's interesting that that happened in November of 2016, which is before Democrats and people in the media ran the Russia collusion hoax throughout the entire Trump administration, and then, of course, when he lost in 2020, began rounding up Republicans and running show trials.We have crossed a Rubicon here that is one that most Americans never wanted to cross. America has for hundreds of years had moral authority. When we go and we tell tyrants and authoritarians, no, you can't cancel elections, no, you can't put your political opponents in jail, no, you can't run show trials just because you don't like how are running against, that meant something. And now, can you imagine America going and telling people these things after what happened?I get that Democrats are extremely excited, and people in New York and D.C. maybe are very excited about what happened in New York yesterday, but the consequences of this are so significant, not just in terms of how it breaks down what has held the country together in terms of a general shared respect for rule of law, but also because of what it does to impact our national security and lose our moral voice worldwide.BAIER: OK. Meantime, Byron, the president endorsing what he says was an Israeli proposal for a permanent ceasefire. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: After intensive diplomacy carried out by my team, and my many conversations with leaders of Israel, Qatar, and Egypt, and other Middle Eastern countries, Israel has now offered -- Israel has offered a comprehensive new proposal. It's a roadmap to an enduring ceasefire and the release of all hostages.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: What do you think of that today, of all days?YORK: Well, I'm kind of putting it in the category of, get back to me when Israel and Hamas have reached an agreement that they both signed and acted on. So I don't think this is going anywhere. There is a huge constituency in Israel to keep going with this war until Hamas is destroyed, that its military and governmental capabilities are gone. And I don't think Israel is going to stop until then. So, the president desperately wants to be able to present himself as making peace over there. But I think this is another one that could sink, kind of like the pier in Gaza.BAIER: All right, so after this guilty verdict, let's take a trip down to a place we call Candidate Casino. Now, this is the general election. We haven't done this in a while. General election, you have $100 in chips. You have to put them on the table. Julia, let's start with you.MANCHESTER: Yes, so I think I originally put, what, $40 -- oh, we're doing Biden versus Trump. OK.BAIER: Yes, yes.MANCHESTER: I have this 50/50.BAIER: Wow, you're really going out on a limb there.(LAUGHTER)MANCHESTER: I am, I am. Look I cover both of these campaigns so I want to be careful about what I say. But look, tomorrow was June 1st, we have until November. We have a presidential debate. Then we have Trump's sentencing. Then we have the RNC and the DNC. Those are both going to be very eventful conventions. So a lot can happen between now and then. But I think, obviously, this election is going to come down to the wire with these two candidates.BAIER: All right, Mollie.HEMINGWAY: Well, I would have been closer to where Julia was prior to what happened yesterday. But I think that Americans are so horrified by what they saw, and with this general Democrat campaign of using lawfare to win elections, that this greatly increased the odds that President Trump will win in November. And it wasn't just that big fundraising haul that Julia talked about with Republicans. It was that you saw so many independents and Democrats say, I don't even like Donald Trump, but a country that has this kind of lawfare is so much worse, and threw their support that way.BAIER: Byron?YORK: I've got Trump $55 and Biden $45. And I have to say, if the rules allowed me to do $50.50 cents and $49.50, I probably would have done that.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: It's going to be close, let's just say that. At least we think so at this point. But who knows, because we have a long way and a bumpy ride to November 5th.Panel, thanks. We'll do Winners and Losers next time.OK, it's Friday. That's the sound for Friday. It's time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a special day tonight and tomorrow night. The sun will align with the street grid.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: This is a dark day in America.ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: If he gets in, I can tell you right now, he will never leave. You're a -- idiot.TRUMP: Mother Teresa could not beat these charges.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The American people have already acquitted Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The only voice that matters is the voice of the jury, and the jury has spoken.TRUMP: The real verdict is going to be November 5th.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Donald Trump refers to himself as a political prisoner and blames you directly. What's your response to that, sir?BAIER: No matter how you think about politics. This is history in the making.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There was a tragic failure.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How does this not violate the red line that the president laid out?JOHN KIRBY, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: As I said, we don't want to see a major ground operation. We haven't seen that at this point.DOOCY: Hallie Biden is a key government witness who allegedly disposed of a gun that Hunter is accused of buying illegally. President Biden was at her house.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: This was not about that.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: These warriors fought for our freedom and the freedom of others, because freedom has never been guaranteed.LLOYD AUSTIN, DEFENSE SECRETARY: We know you live with loss every day and not just Memorial Day.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: One week, including Memorial Day.Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, jury selection begins in Hunter Biden's federal gun case. We will bring you that.Please join Shannon this weekend for FOX NEWS SUNDAY. Exclusive guest House Speaker Mike Johnson, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott, and California Congressman Ro Khanna.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and every night this week. That's it for us, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.