HAROLD FORD J.R., FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Stone Hicks, he wanted to be an officer for the day. So, they made him an officer, got him his uniform. He got his car. And I guess what he want to do after, he got a chance to meet some Paw Patrol characters, his favorite -- one of his favorite show. Way to go, Officer Stone. My man.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Paw, paw, Paw Patrol.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh, what a great story. That is terrific.All right, everybody. That's it for us tonight. Have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: All right, Judge. "PAW Patrol". All right, thank you.PIRRO: That's the show.BAIER: We'll see. And good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier.Protesters clashed with police on several college campuses again. We will tell you how many demonstrators have been arrested or detained and what punishment they are facing.Former President Donald Trump faces additional sanctions over the gag order at his criminal trial. And he continues to speak out to reporters. We'll bring you that.And the nation's intelligence experts talk about the greatest worldwide threats on Capitol Hill. But first, breaking tonight, President Biden says there is no place in America for anti-Semitism, violence or hate speech.Today, marked his first public statement about the anti-Israel college protests since a brief comment, April 22nd to a shouted question on Earth Day. Some of his critics say it was too little too late. The administration insists he was crystal clear this morning.White House correspondent Peter Doocy has details live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.President Biden chose to only speak about this for four minutes and he chose not to mention Israel. But the president's point to protesters was the White House has your back until certain lines are crossed.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There is the right to protest, but not the right to cause chaos.DOOCY (voice over): Just 3-1/2 blocks away, a Palestinian flag and a keffiyeh on a statue of George Washington.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: By the river to the sea!AMERICAN CROWD: By the river to the sea!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Palestine will be free.AMERICAN CROWD: Palestine will be free.DOOCY (voice over): Today's speech was billed as remarks by President Biden on "recent events on college campuses." And he explained to protesters, he doesn't want the National Guard getting involved, and police only show up when laws are broken.BIDEN: We are not an authoritarian nation where we silence people or squash dissent.DOOCY: The president's anti-Semitism Task Force met yesterday, focusing on three things, according to his source familiar: campus security, online anti-Semitism, and federal coordination with law enforcement to protect Jewish communities.BIDEN: There is no place for hate speech or violence of any kind, whether it's anti-Semitism, Islamophobia, or discrimination against Arab Americans or Palestinian Americans. It's simply wrong.DOOCY (voice over): At the state department, assurances that vetting will be thorough if the administration follows through on plans to admit Palestinians from Gaza as refugees.MATTHEW MILLER, SPOKESMAN, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: We are constantly evaluating policy proposals to further support Palestinians, who are family members, American citizens, and may want to join them in the United States.DOOCY (voice over): A Wrinkle in protesters plans, President Biden remains unmoved by their efforts.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: President, have the protests forced you to reconsider any of the policies with regard to the region?BIDEN: No. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President --(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): So, the protests for policy change aren't changing anything here. And that has the 100,000-member group, which is DNC-linked called, College Democrats warning that they support President Biden's re- election right now. But, more and more college age -- college aged students are becoming disillusioned with the Democratic Party. Bret?BAIER: All right. Peter, thank you.There continues to be conflict between police and anti-Israel. Some anti- Semitic demonstrators, some number of outside agitators on college campuses around the country.Overnight, law enforcement officers cleared a demonstrator encampment at UCLA. And today, protesters and police clashed in Portland, Oregon.Correspondent Christina Coleman is on the UCLA campus right now.Good evening, Christina.CHRISTINA COLEMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.Yes, since April, since last month, police have arrested or detained roughly 2,000 people during these protests, at, at least, 44 college campuses across the nation. And some of those protests happened here last night.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)COLEMAN (voice over): Anarchy at Portland State University, as anti-Israel protesters charged at police, rushing officers who were clearing the school's library occupied by demonstrators since Monday.At least, a dozen arrests were made, four of those were not students at the school.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are coming in.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Portland Police, you're under arrest.COLEMAN: Portland Police say the library has now been cleared, noting they found what appeared to be improvised weapons, including ball bearings and DIY armor. None of these were used on police.Overnight at UCLA, more than 200 anti-Israel protesters were arrested after law enforcement stormed the encampment.Dismantling barriers, taking downtown It's an unmasking demonstrators, who are now potentially facing multiple charges.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Failure to disperse, not obeying officers' commands, trespassing.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The officers have pushed back and pushed through the encampment, using tear gas, using flash bombs.As far as I'm aware, they had snipers on voice. It's a complete overreaction.COLEMAN (voice over): On Wednesday, 20 arrests were made at Tulane University. Protesters at Dartmouth clashed with officers in riot gear and four demonstrators were arrested at Yale.AMERICAN CROWD: By the river to the sea.COLEMAN (voice over): Today, at the University of Chicago, protesters laid out a long list of demands that extend beyond the conflict in Israel and Gaza.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We also demand that you Chicago divest from all interrelated forces of death and violence, intimate students currently complicit, especially, fossil fuel production.COLEMAN (voice over): Counter protests continue as well. At UPenn, one man was arrested for spraying stinks spray on protester tents.But in Alabama, some agreement between both sides as pro-Israel and pro- Palestinian demonstrators joined together and a profane anti-Joe Biden chant.AMERICAN CROWD: Joe Biden --(END VIDEOTAPE)COLEMAN (on camera): Now, a total of 210 people were arrested here at UCLA early this morning for failure to disperse. That is a misdemeanor. So, they were booked and released. And unless they are being held still in custody for any outstanding warrants, they are already back out on the streets. Bret?BAIER: That's what we're seeing. Christina, thank you. Protesters from Columbia University and City College of New York have joined the demonstrator encampment at New York University. Correspondent Alexis McAdams is on the NYU campus tonight.Good evening, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. From the NYU campus, where you can see at another Gaza solidarity encampment set up here behind me.This one is been here for about a week and counting, and the students say they're not going anywhere until this university divest from Israel. But it's not just here at NYU. It's happening across the city and across the country.Take a live look there on your screen. You can see what's happening right now at a college called, the New School in Manhattan. That's not that far from where I am right now in New York City.They are chanting Palestine must be free. And if there's no justice, there will be no peace. The crowd continues to grow there tonight.This afternoon, protesters out at Rutgers University in New Jersey, taking down their solidarity encampment after organizers say their university has now agreed to work with them on their list of demands, including divesting from Israel, and giving at least 10 students from Gaza a scholarship to Rutgers. This week, protesters at colleges across New York say they want their demands met to. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We call on students and faculty worldwide to escalate their protests.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Understand that you have always been the villains. And when Palestine is finally free, we, your students will never ever forgive you. We will not stop fighting. This is only the beginning.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: Those students say they'll continue the fight in New York. Here at NYU, protesters, Bret, threw red paint on the side of a campus building overnight. You can see the maintenance worker -- that worker is trying to power wash that mess away.And that's not all. Someone also threw red ink on the front door of NYU President Linda Mills building. That incident coming one day after the NYPD raided Hamilton Hall. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Let's deploy a flash bang.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: That chaotic scene happening and the police moving in after that flashbang. They are arresting dozens of students. But listen to this. We are just finding out more about this. Of the hundreds arrested at colleges at Columbia University and City College, the city now says nearly half were not students and had no affiliation with those schools at all.Back out here live, we can tell you the protesters who broke into Hamilton Hall there in that chaotic video where hundreds of officers were forced to move in and try to get into that hall after it was really destroyed inside are facing burglary charges. criminal mischief, and trespassing.But the question tonight is would the D.A. in New York, Alvin Bragg ended up prosecuting? Bret.BAIER: Alexis, thank you.The prosecution in former President Donald Trump's criminal case is accusing him of additional violations of the court's gag order. The proceeding resumed today with additional elements of the prosecution's case as they laid that out.Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the state's Supreme Court again tonight. Good evening, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Tonight, former President Donald Trump, visited a Manhattan firehouse and police station and handed out pizzas for dinner to firefighters and police officers after the 10th day of his criminal trial.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)FOY (voice over): Today, in court, a digital expert testified about data extracted from Michael Cohen's cell phone. During a conversation, Cohen recorded, Cohen asked former President Donald Trump about financing the Stormy Daniels payment. Trump responded, "What financing?"Tonight, the former president again said this case shouldn't exist.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We're seeing all the crime that's going on outside, and then, we're sitting in this courtroom. OK? This is just ridiculous. It's election interference at the highest level.FOY (voice over): L.A.-based attorney Keith Davidson wrapped up his testimony today, with Trump's lawyers asking him for the definition of extortion. And about deals Davidson negotiated involving celebrities Lindsay Lohan, Charlie Sheen, and Hulk Hogan.Davidson said he did his best to represent his clients, including Karen McDougal and Stormy Daniels.Davidson never directly negotiated with Trump. Instead, working with Cohen, who told him before paying Daniels, "I'll just do it myself."Days later, coincide a confidentiality agreement with Daniels, who went on to deny having an affair with Trump, something Davidson described in court as technically true, insisting Trump instead had an interaction with Daniels.After Trump won the election. Davidson testified Cohen appeared suicidal after Trump didn't pick him to be as attorney general or White House chief of staff.With Cohen telling Davidson "Can you effing believe I'm not going to Washington after everything I've done for that guy. I've saved his ass."(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): Today, prosecutors provided for more examples where they argue former President Donald Trump violated the courts gag order. Judge Juan Merchan did not provide an immediate ruling. The D.A.s office is again seeking fines for Trump rather than jail time, because they do not want this trial to be delayed. Bret.BAIER: Nate Foy, that's at the courthouse. Nate, thanks.Federal Government prosecutors presented their closing argument today in the antitrust case against Google parent company Alphabet. The government says Google is a monopolist and illegally abused its power to favor its bottom line. Google has argued its search engine is wildly popular because of its quality and dissatisfied users can easily switch.The judge and the non-jury trial will decide whether Google violated the law and will later consider possible punishment.Stocks were up today ahead of tomorrow's April jobs report. The Dow gained 322. The S&P 500 was up 46. The NASDAQ rose three or 235.Up next, the U.S. turns up the heat on Hamas to accept a ceasefire deal with Israel, one of several that have been offered.First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.FOX11 in Los Angeles, as the captain of a scuba dive boat where 34 people died is sentenced a four years -- to four years in custody. Three years supervised release.Jerry Boylan was found guilty of criminal negligence. The blaze in September of 2019 was the deadliest maritime disaster in recent U.S. history.Fox 32 in Chicago, where the suspect wanted in connection with the shooting death of a police officer last month has been arrested.Xavier Tate Jr. was taken into custody Wednesday night. Tate is facing a first-degree murder charge in the killing of Officer Luis Huesca, April 21st.And this is a live look at Nashville from FOX17, one of the big stories there from our affiliate. Tonight, country singer John Rich, offers a fraternity whose members protected the American flag at a University of North Carolina protest a free concert.Members of Phi Kappa Phi recovered a large flagpole and held up the flag as anti-Israel protesters tried to raise a Palestinian flag in its place. The GoFundMe is still kicking on, but John Rich wants to do that concert.There you go guys. That's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Arizona Democratic Governor Katie Hobbs has signed legislation repealing a 19th century law in Arizona banning most abortions. Hobbs says the move is just the beginning of a fight to protect reproductive health in the state. But the repeal may not take effect until 90 days after the end of the legislative session. Abortion rights advocates hope a court will step in to prevent that outcome.The U.S. is increasing pressure on Hamas tonight to accept the latest ceasefire proposal. But there is a key sticking point whether Israel will continue its offensive against the terror group. Correspondent Jeff Paul is in Tel Aviv tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): As the war in Gaza neared seven months, a new hostage deal might be on the horizon. Hamas will reportedly send a delegation to Egypt releasing a statement saying its leader Ismail Haniyeh had affirmed the group's positive spirit in studying this ceasefire proposal.The comments come on the heels of U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Blinken's visit to the region, his seventh since the start of the war in October. After stops in Saudi Arabia and Jordan, Blinken landed in Israel, speaking directly to families of hostages. Blinken pressured Hamas to accept Israel's latest offer.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: There is a very strong proposal on the table right now. Hamas needs to say yes, and needs to get this done. That is our determination, and we will not rest, we will not stop until you're reunited with your loved ones.PAUL (voice over): Blinken didn't reveal the details of the proposed deal. But it could look similar to November's agreement, which involved an exchange of hostages for Palestinian prisoners and a pause in the fighting.The potential ceasefire comes at a critical time as Israel prepares to move ground troops into the southern city of Rafah in Gaza. That's where more than one billion Palestinians are sheltering from the fighting. Despite Blinken reaffirming the U.S. cannot support a major ground operation in Rafah, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says it will happen eventually.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER (through translator): We will do what is necessary in order to win and overcome our enemies, in order to secure our future.(END VIDEOTAPE)PAUL (on camera): So, as it stands, negotiations are ongoing but one thing that might be getting in the way is Hamas demanding a full withdrawal of Israeli troops as well as a permanent ceasefire that runs counter to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu saying the only way they can bring this war to an end is by getting in there, eliminating Hamas and entering Rafah, Bret.BAIER: Jeff Paul live in Tel Aviv. Jeff, thanks.Up next, U.S. Intelligence officials discussed the greatest worldwide threats to America. We'll bring you there.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. 14 people are injured when Russia strikes the southern Ukrainian port city of Odessa with ballistic missiles in a nighttime attack. It was the third strike on the city in a week. Nine people have died in previous attacks there.The death toll from heavy rains in southern Brazil rises to 13. The state government of Brazil declaring a state of public calamity to handle the dramatic situation. The storms have left 21 people missing, more than 5,000 displaced.And this is a live look at Rome. One of the big stories there tonight, a European Court upholds Italy's right to seize a prized Greek statue from the J. Paul Getty Museum in California. The court rejected the museum's appeal saying the move was a part of Italy's effort to reclaim its cultural heritage. Italy has been trying to recover the Victorious Youth statue for several years.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The country's top intelligence officials say coordinated action from several of this country's most notorious adversaries is a major obstacle to national security. The Director of National Intelligence and the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency speaking to senators today at a worldwide threat hearing. Chief National Security Correspondent Jennifer Griffin tells us what else we learned.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JENNIFER GRANHOLM, U.S. ENERGY SECRETARY (voice over): At this factory in Central Russia, rows and rows of Russian copies of Iranian Shahed 136 drones are being assembled for use on the battlefield in Ukraine. These Iranian drones have changed the course of the war.LT. GEN. JEFFREY A. KRUSE, DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY: It does provide two things. One is a revenue source to Iran. It provides also some capabilities to the proxy organizations.GRIFFIN (voice over): Proxies continue to try to push the U.S. out of the Middle East. Director of National Intelligence Avril Haines and the Defense Intelligence Agency Director Lieutenant General Jeffrey Kruse warned senators today about the growing cooperation between Russia, China, Iran and North Korea.AVRIL HAINES, DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE: We've seen a massive increase in the number of ransomware attacks globally in the last year, which went up as much as 74 percent in 2023.GRIFFIN (voice over): Many of these Russian sponsored ransomware attacks target U.S. critical infrastructure.HAINES: Cyber actors took advantage of default or weak passwords, unpatched known vulnerabilities and poorly secured network connections to launch relatively simple attacks.GRIFFIN (voice over): The nation's intelligence director warned about election interference.SEN. ANGUS KING (R-ME): Do you see heightened Russian activity with regard to the upcoming elections?HAINES: Yes, Russia is really the main actor in this space.GRIFFIN (voice over): Since invading Ukraine, Putin has increased defense spending to almost seven percent of Russia's GDP, nearly double its historical average.HAINES: China's provision of dual use components and material to Russia's defense industry is one of several factors that tilted the momentum on the battlefield in Ukraine.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): Despite saying it would not provide Moscow with weapons, Beijing has helped Russia reconstitute its military. Director Haines warned the Ukraine war would not end anytime soon, Bret.BAIER: Jennifer Griffin at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thanks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JACK REED (D-RI): Even in our most conflicted moment, the world looks the United States for leadership. Our allies rely on us for fortitude, and our adversaries hold for us to falter.BLINKEN: Our position is clear. It hasn't changed. It won't change. We cannot, will not support a major military operation in Rafah absent an effective plan to make sure that civilians are not harmed.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Secretary of State Blinken there.Let's bring in FOX News senior strategic analyst, retired General Jack Keane. General, thanks for being here.GEN. JACK KEANE (RET), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: Great being here.BAIER: Let's start with the Israel-Hamas war, the effort -- the efforts by Blinken and the administration to say you can't do it without this plan for civilians. Have you ever seen that big of an overview on a country's efforts to go after a terrorist group?KEANE: Yes, it's unprecedented for me and, I think, for anybody looking at this thing. And we have been meddling for some time in Israel's tactical operation. Strategic, I understand that. You have to deal with Iran in the region and those issues. But inside the tactics of what to do, and then meddling in that and suggesting that we actually know better is pretty frustrating, I'm sure, for the Israelis. They are not going to talk about it publicly, but privately they are infuriated by it.BAIER: I mean, not to take away from the tens of thousands of civilian casualties that we have seen, because that is a significant issue and problem, and we are seeing that in demonstrations and concern about that. But how they do it is really interesting, how they are talking about it, the administration.KEANE: Yes, very much so. And it sort of dismisses the fact that the Hamas leadership is actually welcoming the martyrdom of tens of thousands of their civilians. They could care less if the number climbs to 50,000 or 60,000. They would absolutely welcome it. That's how diabolical and sinister they are.BAIER: You talk about the strategic move of leaders in that region. I obviously traveled to the region several months ago and talked to the crown prince in Saudi Arabia, and then right after to the Israeli prime minister about this effort to get together and possibly make a deal. And here's what they said back then.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: There were reports that you had suspended talks.MOHAMMED BIN SALMAN, SAUDI CROWN PRINCE: No, no. That's not true.BAIER: Not true. So you think if you were to characterize it, are you close?BIN SALMAN: Every day we get closer.BAIER: I know you heard those words from the Saudi crowned prince. What was your response?BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: Well, I was delighted to hear what he had to say, and to borrow a phrase, I think we're getting closer to peace every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Obviously that was a week-and-a-half before October 7th. Now you have Secretary Blinken over there again, and it seems trying to cobble together this effort. Where do you see this?KEANE: Yes, this is a remarkable undertaking, and frankly, the administration deserves some credit here. But what's really take place here is that the Crown Prince, Mohamed Bin Zayed from the UAE, and other Arab leaders, privately, they want the effectiveness of Hamas destroyed by Israel, because they see as it as a cancer in the region that certainly is energized and supported by Iran. And they see Iran as the number one strategic threat.So, despite the horror of what has taken place, and they want a Palestinian state for the Palestinians, they are still moving in this direction, despite the war. Now, it will not happen until the war is over. Mutual defense security arrangement between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United States, similar to Korea, South Korea, Japan, and the Philippines, quite remarkable in itself. And then move towards diplomatic relations with Israel. Once that happens with the Kingdom, all the other Arab states will follow. That would be a Middle East sea change, a coalition led by the United States with Arabs and Israel targeted against the Iranians.BAIER: But this has to end first.KEANE: The war has to end.BAIER: I mean, this operation has to end.KEANE: Has to end.BAIER: And there's no sense about how long that's going to take, is there?KEANE: Well, no. And I don't think anybody can speculate because what's on the plate is moving civilians away from Rafah and then the fighting inside of Rafah itself.BAIER: Speaking of trying to end, as you look at a map of Ukraine, we haven't seen a lot of change, although the Ukrainians are reporting that Russia is making headway. We heard a little bit in this hearing today from Avril Haines, the DNI, that the war is unlikely to end any time soon, that Russia is going after infrastructure. How do you see the situation in Ukraine today?KEANE: Yes, well certainly weapons and munitions are flowing in, and that's obviously a good thing. The Russians, because their munitions have been depleted, have made some gains in the southeastern part of Ukraine. They may make some more gains. But they are not going to collapse the Ukrainian defense that's in that area.And what is happening, Putin has got a decision to make. He is planning a spring and summer offensive. And he's mobilized additional forces to do that. If the weapons and only munitions get there, is he going to do it despite that? And is he willing to take the casualties that the goes along with it? That's a decision that he has to make.I will say this about the Russian forces. They are fighting as ineffectively as they fought in 22. They have not learned much in how to conduct mechanized operations, and their casualty rates are enormously high.BAIER: We are a week since the president signed the Ukraine aid package, and the stories about Ukraine have not been positive. I mean, the headlines, that Russia is making headway. "Business Insider" said this, "The U.S. spent so much time fighting insurgents that it forgot what it means to actually fight a war." This is from a U.S. vet in Ukraine. Do you think that the aid package and what has been signed on to can turn the tide, can change the dynamic in Ukraine currently?KEANE: If the United States continues aid to Ukraine, and so does Europe, there is no way that Russia can take Ukraine. So that will end. The suffering and the casualties won't end. The long-range ATACMs and the other cruise missile systems that the French and the British have provided are going to give Ukraine the capability to reduce significantly Russian military capability inside Crimea. They are starting on air defenses, wiped them out so the drones can get in there and have significant impact. Remember, the Ukrainians have moved the Russian Navy out of the Black Sea.BAIER: And taken down a number of ships.KEANE: Yes, by themselves. No help from the United States.BAIER: I want to ask you one more thing. You went to Fordham. You've seen all these protests. Fordham had one for a day. They acted quickly. What's your take on all of this around the country?KEANE: I think Tania Tetlow, who is our president of Fordham, made an assessment that other college presidents should have made. Once she knew the occupiers were in her building and they were not going to leave, she knew that was in violation of the law and they were interfering with the functions of the university. And she was talking to former trustees like myself and others on the phone, and she said I made the decision early because if you delay, it's just going to get worse for everybody.BAIER: Which we have seen at other universities.KEANE: So, as soon as I knew they weren't leaving, we asked them to leave. I called the NYPD, they cooperated, and we set a timeline to move them out, and move them out they did. Some were arrested and facing suspension initially and eventually expulsion. When the protests grows to a point where it's interfering with the university's operations and is impeding on the other students to get an education, you've got to stop.BAIER: General, as always, thank you.KEANE: Yes. Great talking to you, Bret.BAIER: Up next, the panel reacts to President Biden's comments about the anti-Israel, antisemitic demonstrations on college campuses and what comes next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN KENNEDY, (R-LA): And in his heart he knows we need stand with Israel and the Jewish people.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Threatening people, intimidating people, instilling fear in people is not peaceful protest. It's against the law.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Free, free Palestine!JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: In moments like this, there are always those who rush in to score political points. But this isn't a moment for politics. It's a moment for clarity.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: The right is fine. Worry about the left, because this is a movement from the left. These are radical left lunatics. And they've got to be stopped now because it's going to go on and on and it's going to get worse and worse.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The current president, the former president reacting to all of these demonstrations. "The New York Times" writing it this way, "Biden denounces violence on campus, breaking silence after rash of arrests. President Biden broke days of silence on Thursday to finally speak out on the wave of anti-Israel protests on American college campuses that have inflamed much of the country, denouncing violence and antisemitism even as he defended the right to peaceful dissent."Since April 18th, if you look at this map, police have arrested or detained roughly 2,000 people during protests on at least 44 college campuses across 24 states. One of them just blocks from the White House. George Washington University, G.W. University, the statue of George Washington, as you can see, defamed there, vandalized there, with the Palestinian flag and that get-up. As the president was speaking, and David Spunt telling us that it's essentially that same way as of this hour.Let's bring in our panel, Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, syndicated radio host Hugh Hewitt, and "USA Today" White House correspondent Francesca Chambers. Hugh, what about the president's message? Obviously, the timing is coming into criticism, but what about what he said and how he said it?HUGH HEWITT, SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: I was not impressed. I listened to four-and-a-half minutes. It took him two-and-a-half minutes, actually two minutes and 40 seconds to bring up antisemitism. He talked primarily about violence instead of the messages accompanying the violence such as intifada hung out of Hamilton Hall, which is the recollection of the 2000 to 2003, 140 suicide bombings in Israel. I think the president needs to be very specific that antisemitism in the United States is the problem.He also mentioned Islamophobia, more generally hate speech. Those are terrible. Those are not the problem. The problem is antisemitism.BAIER: The White House has said they had this antisemitism commission basically set up months ago, and that they met, or the talked about this this week. Yet, they didn't really detail that, and they haven't talked about that that much. What about this leaving most of it to the White House press secretary and paper statements until today, Francesca? Has the White House kind of dealt with that?FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, "USA TODAY": They have primarily left it, as you noted, to paper statements. And they have also sent out other members of the administration to talk with people about this, including the second gentleman, Doug Emhoff, has held listening sessions on this as well. And I'm told the vice president has held listening sessions behind closed doors from all kinds of people on these issues.Largely, though, a lot of this has been happening behind closed doors. And that's what Biden has come under criticism for, finally speaking out about this today after coming under immense political pressure to say something about this at all.BAIER: Guy?GUY BENSON, POLITICAL EDITOR, TOWNHALL.COM: It's a better late than ever situation. The last time he took a stab at it with his own voice, oe.,. was the both-sidesism response that was awful that he gave a week or so ago.BAIER: On earth day, April 22nd.BENSON: With AOC, they held hands, and maybe she rubbed off a little bit on him there.But I think the image that we put up of General Washington, President Washington, draped in Palestinian garb with all the signs and the hate messages around it, I think that turns the stomach of most Americans. Not just conservatives, not just Jews, most Americans. We saw recently at Yale an American flag was torn down from a war memorial by this mob as they cheered. We're seeing some of the demands, or the so-called demands from some of these encampments that involve carbon emissions and defunding the police. A lot of this is rooted in Jew hatred, which is stomach-turning, but there's something deeper here. This is an unholy alliance of communists and Islamists and, most significantly, anti-American, anti-civilization forces. And I think it's important to recognize exactly what we're seeing.BAIER: What about the politics of this moment? You heard the president there, Hugh, saying this isn't a time for politics. But politics factors into everything when you get in Washington. Where is this?HEWITT: I think the only explanation for the Biden policy about Israel is to try and prevent an invasion of Rafah so as not to destroy his political election campaigns even more than they have been destroyed. He has a 70 percent negative -- 70 percent plus negative rating on handling the Israel situation. He does not want to do anything to upset the vote in Michigan, the Arab American vote. And the only explanation for an incoherent policy, and when it's not silence, it's incoherence, is that it's all about the politics of the president. It's a terrible way to lead the country.BAIER: There is a lot of focus, obviously, on the House Republicans and Marjorie Taylor Greene and all of that rift. But the Democrats, Francesca, this is Semafor, "Democrats are stuck in a familiar place, arguing over Israel. "The protesters at Columbia demonstrated that there are two factions of the protesters. There's the pro-Hamas, and then there's the really pro-Hamas." That's Pennsylvania Senator John Fetterman, Democrat, telling Semafor. "In the House, Representative Jamaal Bowman delivered an impassioned speech backing the protests at Columbia University in which he accused police of inflicting brutality on student demonstrators." So there is a real split in the Democratic Party that's pretty visible.CHAMBERS: There is a very -- split, real split between the Democratic Party on whether or not Biden and the Biden administration should continue sending weapons to Israel and its war. You saw when there was a vote in the House of Representatives that there were more than a dozen House Democrats who voted against the Israel aid portion of the bill because they support defensive weapons but they do not support offensive weapons. And he is heard from this from progressives. You look at Michigan, where the "Abandon Biden" movement got more than 100,000 votes, and some of these other states. He is facing an issue in the Democratic Party that could hurt him in the general election.BAIER: Yes. 2020 tweet from Joe Biden blaming then President Trump for violence in the United States, August 27th, 2020, "Remember," he wrote, "every example of violence Donald Trump decries has happened on his watch, under his leadership, during his presidency." So, you've heard this on other channels looking at this saying, this is a moment.BENSON: It's a moment that he has had an opportunity to show leadership on, and for I think the reasons that Hugh laid out, he is unwilling to really fully commit one way or the other. And the balancing act isn't impressing anyone. He is not winning over anyone with this. Pro-Israel people are aghast by the equivocation. People who call him "Genocide Joe" are not going to be persuaded by any of this. And I think some of the conventional wisdom in this town and at the White House and in the campaign is wrong. The new CNN poll that has him deep, deep, deep underwater in the Israel issue, yes, he's struggling badly among young people. He's struggling worse among independents. Normie Americans are disgusted by this, and he really isn't speaking to them. He changed that a little bit today, but not terribly well.BAIER: All right, we will see. Panel, stand by.Up next, where things stand in the presidential race. And then the origin of one of the most infamous creatures in legend.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Look, RFK is falling very low. He is not a serious candidate. They say he hurts Biden. I don't know who he hurts. He might hurt me.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My predecessor, the guy running this time, racked up more federal debt than every previous president in history.I believe doing what's always worked best for this country.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All right, President Biden, North Carolina, former president Trump outside the courtroom in his criminal trial. The FOX battleground polls, three-way race. You heard RFK Jr. mentioned. It does affect several races. And you see Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin there. If you ask the question about the economy, who do you trust on the economy, former President Trump overwhelming in those four states. And that matches other Real Clear Politics average of polls that we have seen in swing states.Which brings us to our first trip to this place we call Candidate Casino. I was waiting for the ball to go around.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: OK, we're going to do the general election first. You got $100 in chips. We only have V.P.? You didn't do general election?BENSON: I was about to panic.BAIER: Forget it, forget it. Let's talk about the general election first.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: Hugh, we are in a place where the polls seem to be helping the former president even though he's in this criminal trial.HEWITT: The president is -- the former president is establishing a lead, the sort of lead that if you were watching the Kentucky Derby or any of the other Belmont, you would be tearing up particulars if you didn't have the money on the horse named Trump. He is pulling away. And I want to go back to the CNN poll. He is 11 points ahead of Joe Biden on voters 18 to 34. That's a crisis for him.BAIER: But we have seen polls. Polls have been wrong as we head into elections. We are a long way away from this election. What do you think these polls tell this White House?CHAMBERS: I was with the vice president in Georgia on Monday. That is a battleground state that's must-win for the Biden campaign. I mean, you look at how they are doing there compared to last time, he's trailing in the state of Georgia. He is trailing in a bunch of different states. But there, it's significant because they finally went to kick off her economic tour that she is having now, that is a clear shift in the message that they are sending to African Americans in the state. It was a thing for black minority business owners. So, it's very clear that they are concerned at this point about key battleground states that they won in the last election.BAIER: Yes. OK, so this is the post from Nancy Cook, "Bloomberg," "New, Trump VP list is winnowing down to Governor Burgum, Senators Rubio, Vance, and Scott. They will appear with donors at RNC retreat in Palm Beach this weekend. No formal meetings with Trump yet to talk about the job, though he speaks to all of them regularly." Here is the former president today on this question.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Who is my favorite for vice president? I will be making that determination some time prior to the convention.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: OK. So, it gives me a chance to see the ball one more time.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: You've got $100 in chips. This is Trump V.P. Guy?BENSON: I think that the leaks are probably misdirection at this point to get us talking. And this is what we are doing. So you can see my numbers right there. I'm putting 20 bucks each on these five.BAIER: Burgum, Pompeo, Reynolds, Kim Reynolds from Iowa.BENSON: Yes.BAIER: Rubio, Scott.BENSON: Yes. And I think Pompeo and Reynolds not getting talked about that much, but I think they should at least be considered.BAIER: Francesca?CHAMBERS: A source tells me today Scott, Vance, but reminds only Trump knows what it's going to be, and he can always change his mind.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: Anyone but Kristi Noem.CHAMBERS: I hear that for what it's worth that there's parts of the book that he does like. We will see what it says.BAIER: Not cricket, it's not cricket.HEWITT: Not cricket.(LAUGHTER)HEWITT: I have $20 on Doug Burgum, his stock is rising $20 on Tom Cotton who is the new, new Nixon in 1952, $20 on Mike Pompeo, ready to be president, $20 on Joni Ernst because you want to have another veteran, and then 20, finally, on Glenn Youngkin if he really wants to swing for Virginia.BAIER: Wow. So you don't believe the "Bloomberg" thing?HEWITT: No.BAIER: OK. I think that's what we are taking from this. OK, panel, sorry for the false Candidate Casino. We'll see you next time.Finally tonight, today's throwback.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And for Nessie hunters, of course, there have been numerous other unsuccessful searches in the past. Some have even dedicated decades of their life to the hunt.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Ninety-one years ago today the legend of the Loch Ness monster was born. It quickly spread when a newspaper reported that a local couple had seen what it called an enormous animal rolling and plunging on the surface of Loch Ness in Scotland. Most recent possible sighting was less than a month ago when a couple said they saw a peculiar figure in the lake that appeared to have a head peeking above the waves. OK.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, we'll talk to a security expert who says the U.S. is already in a second cold war with China and falling behind.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.