SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And tonight, we begin with a moment of gratitude frankly, thanks to Senate Republicans. In 2016, Merrick Garland, well, never serve on the U.S. Supreme Court, and it's now obvious the Biden's AG is more of a political hack than even Eric Holder.And today, Merrick Garland was grilled and exposed on the Hill. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MERRICK GARLAND, ATTORNEY GENERAL: This is a matter in dispute in discovery in that court and I'm going to leave it for the district court to make a determination after --REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): I just say one last thing, not in dispute. This is what he said in the court filing, Jack Smith's team said that.GARLAND: We do not control those offices. They make their own.REP. MATT GAETZ (R-FL): The question is whether you communicate with them, not whether you control them. Do you communicate with them and will you provide those communications?GARLAND: You make --REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): Money's not going to solve the problem when the Department of Homeland Security and the president of the United States refused to enforce the law.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, we're going to bring you the full highlights. That's coming up straight ahead. We'll get reaction from the House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan.Plus, it's day two of the Biden trial featuring Hunter's actual laptop as evidence. By the way did you get that, NPR? Hunter Biden's laptop was real all along.But first, we turned to a political stunt at the White House. Three and a half years into his four-year term, only 153 days until election day, and all of a sudden, your President Joe shuffled out to the podium to announce an executive order on the border crisis.Now, this deadly crisis has been raging for more than three-plus years, but with just a few months until the election, Biden has now decided it's time for action. Of course, Biden's election conversion -- well, that will do next to nothing to actually solve the crisis. It's all smoke. It's all mirrors and as reported by our own Bill Melugin, it does not stop the 1,500 illegal immigrants per day released into the U.S. or the 30,000 illegal immigrants per month that Biden is flying directly into the U.S. that you're paying for.Meanwhile, unaccompanied minors, they're exempt from the order and don't expect any kind of mass deportation of the 10 million plus unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants already in our country and as we have mentioned many times from our -- many are from our top geopolitical foes. In other words, nothing's going to change except Biden's talking points.So let's step back, how did we get here? At the end of Trump's first term, the border was secure like never before, illegal immigration plummeted, Trump's border security measures, they were working. In January 9f 2021, on Biden's very first day in office, with the stroke of a pen, as we've been saying over and over, Joe terminated Trump's border emergency designation, redirected funds away from the border wall, he suspended deportations, ended Trump's "Remain in Mexico" policy, Title 42, and that's not all.In the first few months of the Biden administration, so many border protections were rescinded that the DHS Secretary Mayorkas, he couldn't even bothered to list them all. The list was so long. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, DHS SECRETARY: So we have rescinded so many Trump immigration policies, it would take so much time to list them. We rescinded the remain in Mexico policy. We rescinded, of course, the public charge rule that deprived vulnerable migrants from accessing a certain critical life benefits. We have a restored the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, the DACA program. We have rescinded so many and have restored so many that he really dismantled.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now to the surprise of no one, millions of illegal immigrants from all around the world began pouring across the border. Now the scenes were and the scenes remain horrific. Border Patrol was totally and is totally today overwhelmed. Vetting still almost non-existent, especially for certain special interest countries that we know are plagued with terrorism and violence and are known to harbor terrorists.But the Biden administration lied directly to your face and every American's face for almost three straight years and he told you that the border was secure, and the border was closed. And they said it and they said it -- let's see -- Biden said it, Vice President Harris said it, Mayorkas said it, circle back Jen Psaki said it, Karen Jean-Pierre said it, they all said it. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INTERVIEWER: Sounds to most folks like a crisis.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, look, it's way down now. We've now gotten control.MAYORKAS: Precisely that the border is closed.Nor could I have been clear and continued to be so, which is the border is closed.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The United States will continue to enforce our laws and secure our border.MAYORKAS: The border, we are working to make the border more secure.INTERVIEWER: You're confident this border is secure?HARRIS: We have a secure border and that that is a priority for any nation, including ours and our administration.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We agree that the border is secure.(END VIDEOI CLIP)HANNITY: They all knew they were lying, but they did it anyway, despite the massive influx that we saw with our own eyes of illegal immigrants, the administration did nothing to stop or even slow the breakdown at our border, now the biggest national security threat, a clear and present danger to every American.The White House told you not to believe your own eyes, and then spend billions transporting illegal immigrants across the country so the visuals at the border would be better. They were and they are guilty today of aiding and abetting illegal immigrants and assisting in the trafficking of the illegal immigrants.Now, that's when major American cities, you all started to feel the pain, didn't you? Even Democratic cities, even sanctuary cities, even sanctuary states. Resources were drained, shelters full, schools and public parks were commandeered to help house the newly arriving Joe Biden unvetted illegals. The financial burden was and is extreme.Now, for example, let's look at New York City, sanctuary city that it is. One in every five hotels is now used to shelter illegal immigrants. Month after month, taxpayers pick up that hotel tab. Thank God I left.And as a thank you to the good people of New York, well, some of these illegals turned to crime. Take a look at your screen. Just this week, an unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrant, this one from Venezuela, who arrived in this country in 2023, and who was enjoying a taxpayer funded hotel room in New York City, shot two New York City police officers. Why? Police suspected him of committing a series of robberies.Naturally, despite the Biden administration's best efforts to cover up the crisis, Americans on both sides of the aisle have become outraged and for good reason. So after a few bad poll numbers, oh, and 153 days towards the election, Biden what, now finally changing his tune. They call that an election year conversion, actually, actually has a name.He admitted the border was a disaster but then he tried to blame Republicans. Remember, he said he could, you know, he did all he could do to secure the border, told us this many times, said it last in January, Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Have you done everything you can do with executive authority? Or is there more you could do?BIDEN: I've done all I can do. Just give me the power. I've asked from the very day I got into office. Give me the Border Patrol. Give me the people - - give me the people, the judges. Give me the people who can stop this and make it work right.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: He had the power the whole time. Biden caused the crisis with a stroke of a pen and as we had said, he could at any time pick this crisis with the stroke of a pen.Today's actions prove he always had that power to make the change, only his changes today -- well, when you dig down deeper, they are completely meaningless.And on the other hand, the insane Senate immigration bill, that would only streamline asylum abuse by adding processing capabilities. It wasn't a border security bill. If anything, this legislation might have caused an increase in illegal immigration. So the bill flopped, and after a few more weeks of gaslighting you the American people and blaming Republicans for the crisis he created, Biden went back to the old drawing board.And today after swearing that he lacked the ability to address the border, after three years of lying, say the border's closed and the border secure, saying it over and over again, he signed a single executive order claiming to do just that.But as the ever so eloquent Senator John Kennedy, Louisiana pointed out today, this is just the latest dishonest political maneuver designed to fool the American people. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (D-LA): Okay, I want you to listen up. Here's the -- here's the drill. President Biden is in trouble politically. He's polling right up there with fungal infections. Part of the reason for that is that he gave in to the loon wing of his party and he dissolved the southern border.Now, five months before an election, he has to appear to be willing to do something about it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Bottom line, never trust a man whose uncle was eaten by cannibals.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Yeah, don't trust a guy whose Uncle Bosie was eaten by cannibals, who really wasn't.Bottom line, for three and a half years and counting, Biden chose not to secure the border. The crisis is not an accident. This was and is intentional, and it won't stop until Biden has gone from office hopefully in 153 days he loses. Just this week, we learned the administration is legalizing hundreds of thousands of illegals without even telling you.Here with reaction, the governor of the great state of Texas, Greg Abbott, who's had to fight a lot of this battle alone.And the biggest part of your fight, Governor, has been with Merrick Garland who we're going to get to later tonight and with Joe Biden and all the lawsuits and all the lawfare to prevent you from keeping your state and the citizens in your state safe and secure. Your reaction?GOVERNOR GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): Well, first of all, to your letter point, listen, the Biden administration can try to do whatever they want to try to do, Texas is not going to back off of what we are doing to actually securing the border. We've built a border wall. We've erected hundred miles, hundreds of miles of razor wire barrier, and get this -- the numbers are astounding.And while illegal immigration is increased in California, Arizona and New Mexico by about 20 percent or 25 percent, in Texas, it has gone down about 74 percent because of the resistance that we've put up.But know this, what Biden announced today is nothing more than gaslighting his fellow Americans, because there is nothing in the announcement today that actually shows any enforcement of any immigration law that denies illegal entry into the country. He talks about trying to have this asylum process and changing the rules that actually will allow more people in, what Biden did today was actually entice more people to come to our border, to increase illegal immigration, not to stop it. He's not using any tool or strategy to deny illegal immigration.Sean, importantly, there are three laws that exist that Biden is not enforcing. One is to deny illegal entry. The other is to detain illegal immigrants who do make it here, the third is to build border barriers. He's choosing not to do any of that. Instead, he's had open border policies that have led to more than 10 million illegal immigrants into our country.HANNITY: You know, Governor, when I last saw you and I was at the border with you and President Trump, I was -- I was there at Eagles Pass. I saw the barriers that you built. We went over the numbers.You told us how effective it has been. You've expanded it even out further. This is at a great financial cost to the people of Texas, because you're paying for all of this, on top of the guard that you're now deploying to the border. And all without the help of the administration and to add to your burden, they keep bringing you to court.Are you still facing lawsuits from Merrick Garland and Joe Biden and his weaponized DOJ?ABBOTT: We are. So you remember those big orange buoys that we put into the Rio Grand River, Biden and Merrick Garland, they found a lawsuit to put a stop to it, as we're talking right now, those buoys remain in the river.You remember when the Border Patrol were ordered to cut the razor wire. I told the National Guard to triple the amount of razor wire. That razor wire remains up.You saw Shelby Park which is a 15-acre park in Eagle Pass, Texas, where there had been 5,000 people crossing the border a day. Now, there are only on average two people crossing the border in that area a day, and those two people who cross they are arrested by the Texas Department of Public Safety.HANNITY: Listen, I saw it for myself. I saw the magnitude of work and I have to imagine you're spending tens and tens of millions of dollars. You know, I saw you built other barriers. You put containers out there. You put trucks out there, and every step of the way, you have been stifled and stymied and stopped by the federal government.Why do you think that they're doing this? Because if I went down to your border, Governor, I'm pretty confident if I picked up people at that border and I transported them to another city or state in this country, that probably I wouldn't get out of the state of Texas without being arrested for human trafficking.ABBOTT: Well, listen, the Biden administration is trying to use every tool they can to allow these open border policies, so they can redesign the United States of America. Texas is having none of it, and that's why we've done things that no other state has ever done in the history of America. It's also why we -- our action has actually led to a decrease in illegal immigration.All it takes is enforcement and deterrence. That's what Texas is doing. That's what the Biden administration is refusing to do.HANNITY: All right. Texas Governor Greg Abbott, I appreciate the fact. It's sad that you have to go it alone. It's sad that the great state of Texas has to go it alone. I know you've had support from your congressional delegation Ted Cruz, et cetera -- thank you, Governor, for your time. It's sad that this happens.Anyway, tonight as predicted, Biden is now capitalizing on the lawfare against President Trump, referring to his opponent as the convicted felon. By the way, online people saying, I'm voting for the convicted felon and they're saying it proudly. At a fundraiser, he, Biden telling Democrats that Trump will pose an even greater threat to democracy in his second term.This from a guy who is now actively trying to jail with his weaponized Department of Justice, his chief political opponent. And, by the way, from his party that tried to keep Trump off the ballot in multiple states. Huh, sounds like a threat to democracy.Here with reaction, former White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and podcast host Tudor Dixon.I said this in -- on the first day back after Christmas vacation, Tudor Dixon, I said this is the Democratic playbook: January 6, January 6, abortion. They're going to talk about democracy in peril. Then they're going to use the old playbook that Republicans are racist, sexist and all the phobias you could ever imagine. And this is all they've got.And lawfare now seems to have now risen to the top of the heap because they can't win on the proposition that you're better off than you were four years ago.TUDOR DIXON, PODCAST HOST: Well, they can't win on that. They can't win on the border. What you just talked about.So, yes, of course, but this is happening all across the country. What they've done to Trump, they're doing in states across the country. You see it in Michigan. You see it in Georgia. This is something that is incredibly dangerous.Attorneys general across the country think that they can do this. But let's not forget, these are people who ran on creating a crime matching the president to the crime and then putting him in prison.And now you have the president of the United States going, gosh, look, he is now, he's a convicted felon and now you have to vote for me. I mean, this is one step away from Alexei Navalny. This is a very serious situation when you have the president of the United States taking his opposition and jailing them. What's next?And you're seeing this -- like I said, you are seeing this in other states as well, where they are either finding oh this person will be my opposition, I'm going to create a crime and match them to it or they're taking other people who have run and said, look, we want to make sure that they can't ever do it again and we're going to find a crime and match them to it.This is incredibly dangerous. If the American people do not see what is going on, then we will have Republicans jailed across this country. It is extraordinarily scary times in the United States of America.HANNITY: You know, we'll get to this a little in a little more detail later, Reince, but Director Wray has been warning in every appearance before Congress that the danger to this country has never been as loud as it is right now. It's never been this bad as what he's saying. A lot of it has to be where a lot of these illegal immigrants are coming from, Iran and Syria, tens and tens of thousands, China and Russia and Egypt and Afghanistan and Yemen and Kazakhstan.I would argue it is inevitable now. We have terror cells that Joe Biden is allowed into this country and the country's going to get hit. Those two cops shot, Biden has blood on his hands. Any attack on this country, I blame Biden. he will have blood on his hands, and he has failed this country, he's failed in his duty as commander-in-chief and that is to secure our border and prevent our geopolitical foes from entering unvetted. That's what he's allowed to happen on top of the cost of everything.REINCE PRIEBUS, FORMER TRUMP WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF: Well, and it goes right to the heart of intent and competency of the president. I mean, you - - the intent is there. You hit on it before with Governor Abbott. On day one of his presidency, he signed nine executive orders, six of them had to do with immigration, and one of them was stop the wall, one of them was end the executive order that he tried to put in today. We know it didn't really do that, but the remain in Mexico policy.The third executive order he signed forced municipalities to count illegal immigrants in their census count so that those municipalities can get more money. That's the one untold story about this. If you ever wonder, why are these municipalities declaring themselves sanctuary cities? Because they want more federal money and they've got a law that lets them get more federal money.And as far as what Tutor Dixon and you were just talking about, Alvin Bragg campaigned on the fact that he was the best situated to go after Trump because he went after his children he went after the Trump Org over a hundred times. They made it political. But look, what happens.We have an election now a few months away, and what do you need to do to win an election when only 100,000 people in five states are going to decide it? You need money and you need enthusiasm. There is no doubt that we have a party that's unified, and off the charts now because of what happened. And add on top of it, the record amount of money that the part's raising.I talked to the president a few days ago and I asked him a question, I said other than the headache of this trial that you just went through, is there anything -- anything right now not going well in this campaign? He said none. Everything -- it is often charts right now and I think that the Democrats bit off more than they could chew at this.HANNITY: If it's about the economy, if it's about borders, if it's about law and order, if it's about, you know, war in Europe, war in the Middle East, if it's about his surrendering the war on terrorism, if it's about his cognitive decline -- how does he ever win? If it's about lawfare, it's never been this bad, and there's not a single thing he can point to that he could say, oh, my policies have been successful.Tudor Dixon, Reince Priebus, thank you.When we come back, Merrick Garland, wow, grilled big time on Capitol Hill today by Jim Jordan and other House Republicans. We'll show you some of the best moments. We'll get reaction from Jim Jordan, as we continue. Thank you for being with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. The Attorney General Merrick Garland appeared before the House Judiciary Committee earlier today where he was grilled and frankly just beaten up and exposed by lawmakers on -- among other things, the lawfare that was waged against former President Trump and continues to be waged.Take look at some of the highlights.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JORDAN: Justice is no longer blind in America. Today, it's driven by politics. Example number one, it's President Trump.Alvin Bragg said, quote, I could not see a world in which I would indict Trump and call Mr. Cohen as a prosecution witness. But that's exactly what he did after President Trump announced he was running for president.(CROSSTALK)JORDAN: Are you supposed to change the order of the documents that you seized and there -- the physical documents match up with the scan? Do you supposed to do that as a prosecutor?GARLAND: This is a matter in dispute, in discovery in that court, and I'm going to leave it for the district court to make a determination. After --JORDAN: I just say one last thing, not in dispute, this is what he said in the court filing. Jack Smith's team said that.REP. DAN BISHOP (R-NC): What happened to Peter Navarro and Steve Bannon when they decided to defy a subpoena of the Congress?GARLAND: We received three -- four referrals, criminal referrals, two were prosecuted, two were not. The two that were prosecuted as the published court opinions may clear --BISHOP: What will happen to you if your decision is based --GARLAND: May I continue to answer?BISHOP: No, I know what happened. You know that what happened, too. They're in -- Mr. Navarro is in prison.GAETZ: Will the Department of Justice provide to the committee all documents, all correspondence between the department and Alvin Bragg's office and Fani Willis's office and Letitia James' office?GARLAND: We do not control those offices. They make their own decisions.GAETZ: Yeah, the question is whether you communicate with them, not whether you control them. Do you communicate with them and will you provide those communications?GARLAND: You make a request. You'll refer it to our office of legislative affairs.GAETZ: But see, here's the thing, when you say, well, we'll take your request and then we'll -- we'll sort of work it through the DOJ's accommodation process, then you're actually advancing the very dangerous conspiracy theory that you're concerned about.ROY: Money's not going to solve the problem when the Department of Homeland Security and the president of the United States refused to enforce the law, ignore the policies and Elizabeth Medina would be here live today if we were following the law. Laken Riley would be here today if we had not released a killer on the streets of the United States of America through parole policies that this administration is advancing.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Finally, Republicans at their best. And despite the threat of being held in contempt, Garland again said his DOJ will not release audio of Biden's disastrous interview with the special counsel Robert Hur. Why not? Look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GARLAND: I have provided the committee with special counsel Hur's report, why the special counsel testified for more than five hours, and why we have gone beyond precedent to provide the committee with the transcripts of the special counsel's interview with the president. But we have made clear that we will not provide audio recordings from which the transcripts that you already have were created.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Release the tapes, Mr. Attorney General. Let the American people hear and see them.Meanwhile, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan is urging Congress to, quote, defund lawfare activities of Trump prosecutors.Chairman Jordan joins us now with more.Wow, what a day. Let's get your summation of all of what happened.JORDAN: Well, first of all, there is no dispute about what Jack Smith did. He altered the sequence of the documents he seized in that raid on Mar-a- Lago, which, by the way, violated every process and norm the Justice Department has, when he did that a year ago in August.So there is no dispute about that. It's in the court filing as you pointed out in the hearing today. Jack Smith said yeah, the all -- the sequence has been changed. So that was a big takeaway.And then the other one was, we've asked for this these communications. Merrick Garland says, I don't know if the Justice Department's communicated with Fani Willis or Alvin Bragg. We've asked for all those communications months ago but he says he still doesn't know. Give us the communications if they exist. If they don't, tell us.But he won't say, which leads anyone with common sense to believe there was communication going on. For example, we know Nathan Wade came up from Georgia and had meetings with the White House, the Justice Department and the January 6 Committee, and we are going to get those communications.So those are -- those in my mind were the two biggest takeaways. And then, of course, the last one was the third was this idea that he is not going to give us the audience. I think they've waved the privilege when they gave us everything else.And never forget, Sean, we've already seen the White House alter the transcript, that the transcripts are different than what President Biden may say out when he's given a speech reading from the teleprompter. We've caught them making adjustments to that before.So we want the audio tape because we want the best evidence to do our constitutional duty to do oversight.HANNITY: The American people have a right to hear them. The American people have an election coming up and if Joe Biden didn't know, you know, that he became vice president in 2009, was I still vice president in 2009? We need to hear that, the American people need to hear that.Garland is running cover for Joe Biden, and that's what the weaponization of justice has now become, politicizing the Justice Department. That's what your committee has been and continues to investigate. Were you happy with the answers you got today?JORDAN: No.HANNITY: They were revealing.JORDAN: Yeah, yeah. But also remember the context on the -- on this special counsel Hur's investigation of President Biden. Page one of that report, special counsel Hur says Joe Biden knowingly kept, Joe Biden knowingly disclosed classified information. Page 231, he told us why he did it. He said Joe Biden had strong motivations for ignoring classified procedures because was writing a book, a book for which he got paid $8 million.So we have motive. We have the elements of the crime, but we're not going to charge him and yet, the White House and the Justice Department say, we're impartial, we're independent. It's not based on politics.Oh, really, then give us the best evidence and the best evidence is the audio tape, so we can evaluate this in the context of Congress's duty in an impeachment inquiry to get all the evidence and evaluate that evidence.That's why we're in the right and that's why we held Merrick Garland in contempt.So we have that issue and then what they're doing to President Trump through Jack Smith and through this communication with what Alvin Bragg did up in New York.HANNITY: Yeah. He wouldn't answer Gaetz's question about if he'll provide documents and communications with Bragg, Letitia James, Fani Willis's office, really? You got to be kidding me. You know, he wouldn't answer your question on Jack Smith's tampering with evidence.Jack Smith put that in the court filing in the Florida document case from - - he said it. You didn't make that up out of nowhere, and the idea --(CROSSTALK)JORDAN: -- from the filing.(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: And the idea third highest rank -- and the third highest ranking official and the DOJ goes to prosecute Trump in New York, and we don't think there's coordination there of any kind, something that he needs to answer for?JORDAN: That's why we got legislation which says no federal money can go to Fani Willis, no federal money can go to -- any of these rogue state prosecutors like Bragg and Willis who are going after using lawfare, going after their political opponents, and any special counsel that is out there who wasn't approved by the Senate should be defunded as well. That's our legislation.In addition, we've also got -- you should be able to move the venue to federal court which was legislation we passed months ago out of the committee.HANNITY: God help this country if we don't -- if this guy is reelected in 153 days. I really -- it's bad.Jim Jordan, keep up the good work. Thank you. Great day for judiciary, I'll tell you that.When we come back, we're going to break down day two, Hunter Biden's gun trial in Delaware with Miranda Devine. She was in the courtroom today, opening arguments began. Also, we get reaction on the issue of the law that is at hand here with Greg Jarrett.And by the way, Trump couldn't get a fair trial in New York and frankly I think, the deck is stacked in Hunter's favor in Delaware, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Day two of Hunter Biden's trial in Delaware. First Lady Jill Biden was in attendance yet again. And each side gave their opening statements. The prosecution started presenting evidence, most of it was from Hunter's own memoir, and some was from his laptop from hell. Now, all of it detailed his extensive history of drug use.And meanwhile, outside the courthouse, Hunter's wife allegedly confronted a former Trump aide, Garrett Zeigler, reportedly telling him, quote, you have no right to be here you Nazi piece of Adam Schiff.Here with reaction, she was in the courtroom today, FOX News contributor Miranda Devine, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett is with us.All right. A lot of drama in that courtroom. There's a couple of things that stand out, Miranda. One, the drama with Hunter's wife against this guy who I guess had published contents from the laptop. But, you know, the New York post published the contents of the laptop.Was the laptop top validated by Weiss bringing it up in court, number one? Number two, I look at the jury and their comments about addiction which by the way I kind of share.I've seen addiction in my life. Most Americans have. It's a horrific thing, if Hunter gets better, I'd actually -- you know, I'd be glad for him. I -- you don't want that in anybody's life if you have a heart and soul.However, that's not the issue in the case as it refers to the law. What's your take?MIRANDA DEVINE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Look, you're spot on about that as Derek Hines (ph) said, the prosecutor in his opening statement, addiction is not a choice but buying a gun illegally is a choice, and lying is a choice, and both of those things he is alleging that Hunter Biden did.And look, when you mention the laptop, today, really, it was a momentous occasion in the whole saga of the laptop that "The New York Post" has been living for the last three years and eight months since we first broke the story from the laptop, showing that Joe Biden was involved in his family's influence peddling scheme around the world and there's evidence on that laptop galore.And we were, of course, as you remember traduced, censored by big tech. Twitter said that we published hacked materials and then we had the 51 former intelligence officials calling at Russian disinformation.And today at 2:10 p.m. in Delaware, in that courtroom, the prosecutor Derek Hines picked up the laptop from hell as Donald Trump dubbed it, it's wrapped in a clear plastic cover and he bore it a loft across the courtroom to his first witness who was an FBI agent by the name of Erica Jensen (ph), and he asked her to identify it. She said, yes, this is Hunter Biden's laptop, I know that from the serial number on the back, hallelujah.And there was Hunter Biden who's pretended for all this time that he doesn't know if the laptop is his, could have been stolen by Russian intelligence, could have been hacked, could have been whatever. He's sitting there just impassive as this is happening.HANNITY: Let me ask you on the legal side, Gregg Jarrett. Number one, Trump supporters were not allowed on this jury, as part of the questioning that went on is my understanding. The sympathy level of the jurors on the issue of addiction I understand, but if there -- will that be a distraction for the jury in your view?And let me tell you why I don't support Weiss's involvement in this case. He spent years, allowed statute of limitations to pass as it relates to tax issues, Burisma years, this guy's first plan, plan A, was no charges at all IRS whistleblowers -- well, unfortunately came out and that forced them into plan B, which was the sweetheart deal which was blown up by the judge in the case, thankfully who actually read what the plea agreement was and got the defense to admit they'd never even seen a deal like that themselves.Now, we are here at issue three, but this is the same guy that wanted no charges after delaying this and delaying this.GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Right.HANNITY: I don't trust Weiss in this case. Your reaction to all of that?JARRETT: Nobody should trust David Weiss for the reasons you stated. He was forced to bring this case, kicking and screaming, only because of the whistleblowers and this particular federal judge. The evidence against Hunter, of course, is overwhelming. The case should have been brought five years ago. But that's why Joe Biden issued this fawning statement about his son at the outset of the trial. That statement was meant for those jurors, hoping they'll nullify the law and acquit.It's why Jill Biden is sitting there right behind Hunter, a visual reminder to the jurors, hey, the Bidens own this state.Unfortunately for Hunter it turns out, the best witness against Hunter is Hunter, he incriminated himself on the laptop, timestamp photographs doing drugs literally days before he buys the gun and then the day after he buys it, he's messaging to his drug dealer, Mookie, to score even more crack.None of that, however, Sean, will stop his lawyer, Abbe Lowell, from claiming, oh, gee, whiz, my client was in denial, so he didn't think he was addicted and could not have had the requisite intent to lie or break the law. Utterly ludicrous, of course.But if a Biden-loving jury is in your back pocket already, all you have to do is give them an absurd excuse.HANNITY: You know, first of all, Abbe Lowell -- Abbe is a serious lawyer and that probably works to Hunter's advantage.JARRETT: Yes.HANNITY: All credit to him hiring a good attorney, number one.Number two, this is a town where even juror -- prospective jurors at the time said that they -- everybody knows each other. Everybody, you know, it's a small town. I would say a very favorable venue for Hunter, while I said Trump had no shot in New York, he couldn't get a fair trial, he didn't get a fair trial. I would say the odds are pretty high here Hunter can get an acquittal.I only have about 20 seconds each.Miranda, you agree?DEVINE: Yes, and look, Judge Noreika is a fair judge. I mean, she's treating both sides equally and she's been very respectful of everybody, very respectful of Hunter. She's -- be having like a proper judge unlike Juan Merchan in New York.HANNITY: Yeah. Last word, Gregg.JARRETT: They're going for sympathy and jury nullification and look, I'm not exaggerating when I say the Biden's own that state. My first job as a journalist was covering Delaware. So I can personally verify that, you know, he's got favorability in that state and that'll help him get an acquittal.HANNITY: What a sad -- what a sad state of affairs that, you know, if you want justice in America, it's going to depend on the venue, on the judge, on the prosecutor, and you know, if you're lucky like Hunter, chances are good. If you're set up like Trump, you got no shot, unbelievable. Sad for the country.Thank you both.When we come back, FBI director issuing another dire warning against threats, against your safety and security. We'll show you what he said. Pete Hegseth reacts, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Joe Biden's failed policies and weakness on the world stage poses what is a clear and present danger and serious threat toward national security. But don't take my word for it, Biden's own FBI Director Christopher Wray spoke at a Senate Appropriation Subcommittee hearing today to discuss the department's 2025 budget, because they need more money to combat threats against our country.Take a look at some of what he had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRIS WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: There was already a heightened risk of violence in the United States before October 7th, and since then, we've seen a rogues gallery of foreign terrorist organizations call for attacks against Americans and our allies. And given those calls for action, our most immediate concern has been that individuals or small groups will draw twisted inspiration from the events in the Middle East to carry out attacks here at home. But now, on top of that, increasingly concerning is the potential for a coordinated attack here in the homeland, not unlike the ISIS-K attack we saw at the Russia concert hall back in March.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Even Merrick Garland said the threat against our country has gone up enormously. Then why don't you control the border.This is the reality of Joe Biden's America. Here with more, author of the brand new book, by the way, it's a great book, it's called "The War on Warriors: Behind the Betrayal of the Men who Keep us Safe," "FOX & Friends Weekend" co-host Pete Hegseth.Okay. Merrick Garland says the threat level has gone up enormously. I just played Director Wray. By my count, Pete Hegseth, this is the fourth time he's gone before Congress and warned that the threat level has never been higher. But yet they're allowing people from Iran, Syria, China, Russia, Egypt, Afghanistan, Yemen, Kazakhstan and everywhere in between, tens and tens of thousands unvetted into our country, and they're not stopping it. So I blame them.PETE HEGSETH, CO-HOST OF "FOX & FRIENDS WEEKEND": I do, too, and so who is the threat? They're the threat. They're the ones allowing these people to invade our country. We have no idea who they are, and they're drawing inspiration? Not -- they're not drawing inspiration. They're planning -- they're drawing up plans to attack within our nation.And yet Christopher Wray and Merrick Garland and Joe Biden, what have they been screaming about for the last three years? Domestic extremism, white nationalism, vets who are patriot extremists, say the threat is internal, it's inside, it's MAGA supporters, look out for them, January 6th. That's been the focus of that man's Federal Bureau of Investigations.Instead of targeting in on foreign threats and walking, I don't know, three blocks over to the -- to the Homeland Security and saying, you are creating a threat for this nation.So everything the Biden administration is doing and not doing is making an attack more likely, and as a result, if an attack happens here, Sean, I don't know, from China, or from Syria, or from Iran, or from Iraq, guess has to answer that call? The United States military, and we've been doing that for 20 years, and the results weren't great unfortunately after years.How will -- how prepared will we be at this point? That's a big open question.HANNITY: You know, you talk a lot about your personal experience that you joined the Army after 9/11, that you became an infantry office -- infantry officer, guarding terrorists at Gitmo, led men in combat in Iraq, pull bodies out of burning vehicles in Afghanistan, you know? And you're viewed as the enemy.How can we mistreat our military like this? How is it possible which is the focus of your new book?HEGSETH: When political ideologues, Obama, first, and now, Biden, push a social justice agenda that has nothing to do with winning and fighting wars, nothing to do with meritocracy, nothing to do with lethality, and then generals are complicit in allowing it to happen, and then someone like me is called an extremist. You can read it in the book, the "War on Warriors", that's why I left the military because they targeted me. They've targeted a lot of young patriots who want to serve this nation. We got to fix it and it starts with a new commander-in-chief like Donald Trump.HEGSETH: "The War on Warriors," amazon.com, bookstores all around the country, about our woke military. Pete Hegseth, thank you.When we come back, a congressman's son steals the show during his father's House floor speech yesterday. We got the tape.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Tonight's video of the day is the son of Tennessee Congressman John Rose stole the show by making, well, funny faces during his dad's speech on the House floor yesterday. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JOHN ROSE (R-TN): We'd be well-served to remember the long and cherished tradition we have in this country of settling our political differences at the ballot box. For nearly two and a half centuries, our nation's elected leaders have properly resisted the temptation to oppose their political rivals.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: You got to love children.That's all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR, never, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity". Don't forget our FOX Nation special.Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face next. Have a great night.