NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Who knew what and when about COVID's origins, we're still following that.You know, you have to step back and get the facts right. This much we do know that if you are looking at technology stocks and how they might fare, tomorrow could be a good day because Nvidia just blew the door off earnings and revenues. Here comes THE FIVE.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello everyone, I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro along with Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters, Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Move over dark Brandon and get ready for meme lord Biden. The president's campaign thinks the way to win back young voters is with more internet posts. Joe's team put up this job listing looking for someone to, "manage day-to-day operations, and engaging the internet's top content and meme pages."Team Joe is doing everything they can to make the 81-year-old fossil-in- chief look like Justin Bieber and connect with Gen Z voters.Sadly, there's not enough memes in the world to make Joe look any younger, especially when they can they -- the candidate himself keeps looking like he escaped a nursing home.And the lackluster candidate is getting lackluster support. A Biden campaign event in New Hampshire is getting mocked for being sparsely attended.One journalist who covered it saying, "I'm waiting for someone to shout bingo." But leave it to Joe Scarborough to defend Biden senior center campaign strategy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: Joe Biden, you know, it's never going to look like Beatlemania when Joe Biden steps off a plane going to an event. Joe Biden's -- Joe Biden's about normalcy.And by the way, if you don't think that's a winning message in '24, you're not talking to the right voters who even if they voted for Trump in '16 are exhausted now.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And if you can't make Joe look young, just try to force people to support him. The ladies of "The View" are trying to bully Charlamagne tha God into endorsing the big guy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SUNNY HOSTIN, ABC NEWS HOST: Charlamagne now is not the time in my opinion to sit this one out.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, FOUNDER, BLACK EFFECT PODCAST NETWORK: I didn't say that. I never said I was saying it out.Why do you all need us to say this if we don't feel comfortable saying it?WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: No, no, it's not that we need you to say it but I think -- I think other folks need to hear.THA GOD: The reality is I think both candidates are trash. So, because I -- because I'm -- what I am going to vote in November, and I'm going to vote my best interest and I'm going to vote who I think, you know, can preserve democracy.You know, when you look at somebody like President Biden, it feels like his base is pretty pissed off at him for a number of reasons.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Help him out. Help him out. Well, no, I actually --(CROSSTALK)(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK, you know, what do you think? Why is there such a difference, Dana? I'll go to you first. In terms of young voters, it was historic in terms of their support for Joe Biden.And now, I think it was 24 points in 2020. And now I think it's just four points. It's the same candidates.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Right. Well, so remember that they were most enthused about Barack Obama, and he brought them what they believed was hope and change. And they loved it, they would have crawled over glass for him, they would have done anything.And then in 2020, they're like, OK, well, we really want Bernie Sanders. But since Barack Obama told Bernie Sanders, hightail it out of there, and Biden was going to be the nominee, they're like, fine.But now they're just looking at all of the issues, and they're just not there. In fact, when Richard Fowler was here yesterday, he agreed that the most enthusiastic that the Biden voters are right now is for the feeling of apathy.So, they're enthusiastic about not being a part of it, which is why Biden needs to do this classified ad to say, hey, we need somebody to create some memes for us to get a go on the internet.The thing about Trump is that his meme game is excellent, but he doesn't have to hire people to do it. He has good people that are doing it.But his fans are doing it for him. Right. Sometimes it gets him into trouble. OK, but the fans are doing it for him. His voters are doing it for him. And then that is gets viral and you don't have to pay for that.So, the kind of earned media President Trump is getting not just from what he says and what he does, but then he'll go into a rally in the Bronx, for example, that's different.When I read the New Hampshire Journal story about Joe Biden's appearance yesterday, I would have thought it was written by like one of you guys. Like, I was like, it is so funny to me that they're sitting there saying, is Joe Biden's voters, are they still practicing social distancing? That's how few people were at a campaign event. There was supposed to be an a way to get enthusiasm from people there.The campaign is just spending time that they don't have. Like, you have two things in a campaign. Let's just say, money and time. The Biden team is spending time that they don't have on things like that. And it's actually pulling them backwards into more apathy.PIRRO: Well, then the question Jesse is, what do they do given the fact that they're losing youth vote? I mean, how do they make up for that loss? And you got Charlamagne tha God saying, you know, I'm not going to vote for him or that he may ultimately saying they're both trash. How do you make up for that?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You do everything we've been telling him to do and make it work in the next seven months, Judge, it's too late. Everything's locked in.And the reason you have to be good at memes is because there has to be something fundamentally underneath the meme to make it stick. Like, Trump's good at golf, and Biden trips. So, then, they just have Trump head of five iron and it hits Biden and he falls, or Trump, they asked him, how are you going to pay the bond, then he turns around and goes, cash. You have him hugging the American flag, you have been putting his hands on the globe with all the Arabs.Those are those moments that just -- they're so sticky. You don't even need to make a meme out of it. The meme makes itself, memes are fun too. There's nothing fun about Joe Biden. And he never says anything. He never does anything. So there's nothing to work with.If he was going to meme, I would say lean into the tyrant. I would say, what are you doing on Wednesdays? Oh, you're free. I would say I'm going to lock you up. How are you going to look at in the prison jumpsuit, Donald. That's the only way Joe Biden can pull off the meme game.Now, as far as the New Hampshire event. When you do an event like that, the basic people that are coming, you get your two state senators. You got maybe a half dozen state legislatures, and you have your volunteers. So, that's about 20 people. There were about 30 people there, Judge.So, they can't get -- they can't get 10 more people than the people that have to be there.PIRRO: Right.WATTERS: We can say THE FIVE is going to New Hampshire tomorrow. We get to get 3,000 people tomorrow. This is the President of the United States. I don't see it happening.PIRRO: All right, some breaking news here. Nikki Haley says she will be voting for Donald Trump. Harold, what say you?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: That's good news. First of all, it's good to be back. I hope everybody had a good weekend. I went here yesterday. No, but I did have a good weekend.I think it is great that Nikki for Donald Trump. That's a good thing. You look at that map where she was securing a lot of votes anywhere from 15 to 20 percent -- 10 to 20 percent in closed primaries, that's important.And I think it also suggested maybe she's open to being a V.P. But let me get to your question. Let's concede up front. Neither Trump or Biden, we had a segment last week, I think on being cool. Neither of them are cool or hip. Let's get that out.Number two, it's not uncommon in campaigns I think to try to figure out the best way to communicate with voters. Memes were not around, a lot of technology was not around when I was in -- when I was in Congress and was running for re-election even when I ran for the Senate, which is almost 20 years ago now.So, things are changing. So, hiring somebody to do that I get.Well, I agree with, Jesse, wholeheartedly, is that Joe Biden is going to have to learn to campaign unconventionally. I saw a poll today to Dana's point about a week ago, Trump is evidently narrowed the margin here in New York to single digits in some poll between he and -- between he and Biden, and we were not laughing, but I was not taking it seriously when President Trump had the big rally. I think he might have misrepresented based on my sources at the -- at that rally there in New Jersey, he had 100,000 people, but it was 30,000 or 100,000. The polling data shows that things are tightening.So, if you're -- if you're Biden, why don't you just fly out one night or fly one morning and go to Charlamagne tha God's show? Call in, do something unexpected, which I think is what you were suggesting, something unconventional.Hold on one sec, just something unconventional, and not just the state old things that they're doing, which I don't think are working quite as well as they want.Now, I think some of the polling, The New York Times, Sienna polls, I agree with all these polls, I think you have to listen to these polls. I don't think they're dispositive of where the campaign or the election is going to end.But I think it's important to understand who they're polling and what the mood of the country is. Because I think the end of the day, this race is a va -- this presidential race is a vibe race, depending on how secure people feel, depending on what the number one issue is, is it abortion? Is it border? Is it still the economy and inflation?How people feel starting in early October when that early voting starts and whatever number of debates we're going to have happen. That person will be -- will be the winner of this election.I think it's too early to call. I think it's going to go back and forth. But one thing is clear, Biden needs some different kind of campaign tactics and style to really impact and resonate with more voters, particularly, young voters.PIRRO: Greg, one of the things that Harold says is maybe Joe Biden ought to jump on a plane and fly to Charlamagne tha God's radio show. Wouldn't he have to be funny there? Wouldn't he -- he could hurt himself more than help himself.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. Somebody else would have to pack that parachute.I want to piggyback on what Jesse was talking about the memes, people -- what is a meme, right? It's a singular combination of words and images that go viral. Why do they go viral? It's a visual punch line, you get it instantly.And it has a greater significance than Trump or Biden. Because memes can actually change the way you think by exposing unspeakable truths.You know a meme when it works because you get it. The left cannot meme because you need instant recognition of an obvious truth that makes you laugh. And the left traffics in the opposite, right?The left takes an obvious truth, and abstracts it to a point where it's an academic exercise in relativism. It's why there are millions and millions of memes about weird men identifying as women. When you get the meme, it's obvious, and it's hysterical.There are no memes to refute that because that would require everything but the obvious truth, you did politics and ideology, the memes about Biden, the memes about crime, the memes about immigration and inflation explode online, because they say the immediate truths that the left usually wants to silence.Memes get around the T.V. gatekeepers, right? You can have Lawrence O'Donnell go on forever, about something about rebalancing. A meme will come in and poke that hole and it deflates, memes can speak for themselves.A great example is let's go Brandon, why was that an enduring meme? Because it was based on an obvious truth about a liberal lie. They weren't saying let's go Brandon, they were saying F Joe Biden.But because the left said it was let's go Biden, the meme became a natural obvious truth. Let's -- we'll take it. Let's go. Let's go, Brandon.There's no -- and this -- and the reason why I say this can change the way you think. A lot of times, it takes something to punch you in the face with an obvious truth. It's like when you're dealing with trans and they show a guy -- a large strapping man beat a woman by, I don't know, a hundred lengths. You need a meme that says, cut the B.S., you know what this is.The left cannot do that. Because their whole argument is that you deconstruct truth. Truth does not exist.PERINO: Can I mention one thing on that before we go back to Nikki Haley? It's like the memes have become what would have been a great television political ad in the '80s. So, where's the beef? Right?And everybody knew exactly what that meant that there was no policy behind it. And therefore there (INAUDIBLE) falling apart, right?So, the meme now it becomes one of the things where you can also shoot it around. Like, you think it's funny, you then send it to your friends, you send it to people who might disagree with you. And it becomes again, it's like the most free media that you can get in a campaign if it works well.WATTERS: I have a really good one about Michelle Obama. I'll show you in the break. It's really good.PIRRO: But before we go to the break, Dana, what do you think of Nikki Haley finally supporting Donald Trump?PERINO: You know, I admire her for many reasons. One of them is that when she decided -- it was obvious she was not going to win and that Trump is going to be become the nominee. She went home.She did that entire campaign without her husband being here, because he was deployed, he's part of the reserves. And she waited until he got home. They've had time together. She had quiet time with her family, which is what she said she wanted. And she just waited a little bit.And I admire somebody who doesn't feel like they have to feel the silence all the time. She is now the chairman of the Hudson Institute, which is a really great foreign policy think tank and really, I think is great for her leadership style. And something she really cares about, which is foreign policy.So, making this announcement today about -- we're about what, five weeks before the Republican Convention, as people's minds start to focus, but I did think -- I wrote down one thing.She said many times in that primary, we're not running against Biden, we are running against Kamala Harris, with the implicit being that Biden won't make it for another four years. That's what she was saying.So, I wonder if President Trump will start to pick up on that a little bit because he definitely goes after Biden a lot. Not so much Harris, but maybe this is a way to try to get the party to all come together and see if they want to give this a real go.Right now the polls are so good for President Trump and the close in the swing states but close like that, if I were Biden, I'd be nervous.I listened to Hacks on Tap today. That's with Axelrod and a couple of others and they had the actual bedwetting episode. It was pretty interesting.PIRRO: Yes, so do I. Coming up, AOC just gave away the lawfare game and prove Donald Trump right.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Democrats no longer trying to hide the true purpose of their lawfare jihad against Donald Trump. AOC, take it away.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): He's hosting a rally to try to con people and try to fleece them out of every dollar that they have to fund his own legal fees.And by the way, he's doing it in the South Bronx, not to make a point, but because he's got court, and the man practically has the legal version of an ankle bracelet around him. And he can't leave the five boroughs because he always have to be in court.And so, it is truly an embarrassment to him.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: There she goes and the tallest FBI director in history is back. James Comey warning that if Trump wins, the party will be over for the Bureau.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES COMEY, FORMER DIRECTOR, FBI: Serious and for the Justice Department and the FBI because Trump is coming for those institutions. He knows their power. And I think he has regrets that he didn't work hard enough to corrupt them last time. So, he's coming for them. And that's a danger for all Americans.He's going to put people in positions in those organizations. He didn't have all stars the last time, he'll have the bottom of the barrel this time, but people who will want to do his will and that should worry every American.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Judge, just -- let's address that first. Trump's a big danger to these institutions coming from Comey.PIRRO: Yes, coming from Comey, who took in unverified dossier, lied to a FISA court judge and lied again and re-up that document, and then spied upon a presidential candidate and then President Jim Comey, Cardinal Comey wants you to believe he is.And the amazing part is she goes to advise Donald Trump the new president, that you know, there is this dossier so we can turn around and leak it to CNN and get it out there publicly.And the most incredible thing is that these the -- he is the guy Jim Comey who decided that he would take over the position of the attorney general that is the head of the FBI go out and say, there's not enough evidence to indict Hillary Clinton.Now, why does he say that? That's not his job. That's not his position. He's as corrupt as they come.And I'll do you one more with him. In addition to that, he's the guy who closes southern district's investigation of the Clinton Foundation when he was the United States Attorney. How do I know this? I was a D.A. working with his office when I was a D.A.GUTFELD: You know, Harold, I was shocked in the greenroom when you said to me, and it touched me. You said, if you can see with your own eyes what they're willing to do to our legal system to Trump to win an election. Can you imagine what they're doing to the other systems behind our backs to win an election? And I say hear, hear, Harold.FORD JR.: You're -- you have just an impeccable memory for things that I do not say, it's unbelievable.The -- it was curious to hear the congresswoman say what she said. I don't know if they can take people at their word that maybe she thinks that the legal issues that the president's dealing with are not more than the ankle bracelet.And if that is the case, I do think you feed some of the things that have been said. I do think this matter in Florida is more serious than the others. But that's beside the point.The popularity that President Trump continues to enjoy even with these legal issues, should suggest to Democrats that whether you think it's an ankle bracelet or not, that's not how you're going to defeat him. You're going to have to defeat the former president on the issues.And I think in fairness, to Comey, whether you agree with him or not, and I have issues with things that he's done in the past. I do think he raises some issues that I think voters are going to have to weigh.Remember, it was President Trump overseas in front of a foreign press corps and our press corps when asked who do you believe, do you believe Mr. Putin when he says he did not do anything to try to interfere with our elections? So, do you believe our own domestic law enforcement and intelligence services and the president didn't side with his own intelligence services.So, I think it's a legitimate point. You can disagree with him, Judge, and I don't -- I don't -- I don't quarrel with you of that at all. But I think the substance is where this is going to be litigated. Not the courtroom.GUTFELD: Jesse, you know, we've been talking about this for a long time. Whenever we were talking about Trump's rise in polls, we would hear, yes, but the court case, the voters, they find out he's a felon.So, they were -- they were always banking on this as a political outcome. She just happened to say it. But we knew it. We were there.WATTERS: We were there, Greg, you and I were there the whole time.GUTFELD: We were there before we were there.WATTERS: We even were, we transcended it. So, let's just say he has the three other cases. He doesn't have this New York case, and he's allowed to travel. He'd be up on Biden even more, because when you're the challenger, you don't have the bully pulpit. You don't have the press outside your door. You can't hold bilaterals with the Kenyan Prime Minister like Joe Biden is today. You got to hustle for votes. So you have to fly to all the battlegrounds, there are seven battlegrounds. He'd probably in what, six weeks, how long is the trial, been five weeks, he probably would have hit every battleground at least once, maybe twice.And so, you're going in, you're galvanizing your own supporters, you're getting -- doing local media, you're raising money, you're getting e-mails and contact lists. So, that's now gone. And he doesn't get to do that. It just shows you how restrictive this court case is.Now, Comey, I would like revenge. You know, Trump says, we're not going to do revenge, revenge is going to be winning. I'd like a little revenge. And this is what I think we should do to get back at these -- I'm not going to say it.Everyone should be audited. All the bad guys, because there are Fox News hosts that for all of the eight years under Barack Obama were audited. So, everyone's audited, first of all.But our complaint against Judge Merchan campaign finance charges against Fani, remember how she said oh, she liquidated her campaign so that's why she had so much cash.Malicious prosecution charges on Tish James and Alvin Bragg and Hunter Biden FARA violations. And then I don't think it's too much to ask for treason charges against crooked Obama and Biden.GUTFELD: And another -- you know, I have a -- I have a neighbor, Jesse -- I have a neighbor whose tree is over my side of the lawn.(CROSSTALK)Yes, we're going to put him in there too.PERINO: I'm going to add the 51 national security officials, no more clearance.GUTFELD: Exactly. You know what -- you know what's great about this segment? None of us have said, she said the quiet part out loud until now.PERINO: I didn't say it.GUTFELD: But isn't it just a typical woman to bring up ankle bracelets?PERINO: It's a typical woman. I mean, honestly.Well, as a typical woman, I want to say that AOC could not get a crowd of 3,500 people cheering her on in the Bronx. And especially, they'd be like, wait, where are Amazon jobs? Oh, yes.PIRRO: Exactly.PERINO: And the other thing is they want him in court because they thought they were going to get this conviction so that they could win an election. That hasn't worked. Trump's poll numbers have gone up during the trial. His fundraising has gone up during the trial. So much so that Biden had to jump the gun and challenge him to a debate to help change the subject in June before the conventions even take place.GUTFELD: Amazing. Ahead Judge Judy bringing down the gavel and radical D.A. do turn their cities into lawless hell holes.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Judge Judy laying down the law in crime-ridden blue cities and their radical DAs.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JUDITH SHEINDLIN, FORMER JUDGE, MANHATTAN FAMILY COURT: A small group of people who had very loud voices created a scenario where bad people got rewarded and the victim got punished by the system. When you have elected district attorneys who don't know what their job is, they should go find another job, fill ice cream cone someplace, but don't ruin cities.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Fill ice cream cone someplace. Well, it looks like Portland soft- on crime district attorney is about to be slinging soft serve at his local Dairy Queen. A tough on crime former Republican is on track to defeat far- left Portland D.A. Mike Schmidt. Are you deep down jealous of Judge Judy because when people say Judge, they know it's really Judge Judy?PIRRO: Oh, I've got a line. I've got a line and don't I want to have to eat it later.GUTFELD: Judge.FORD JR.: Oh, come on. You know, do it, do it!PIRRO: No, I'm not going to do that.PERINO: No, don't -- do not do that, Harold.PIRRO: I'm not doing it. Look, Judy was a family court judge and she does speak the truth. But in the end, everybody knows what the problem is and what needs to be done. And Multnomah County in Oregon is one of the wildest Liberal counties. And the truth is that George Soros' DAs are losing left and right. You got Chesa Boudin in San Francisco, you got Kim Gardner and St Louis and Kim Foxx who got rid of Jussie Smollett in Chicago.I mean, these people are half-wits. They don't know anything about prosecuting. They don't understand what their job is and they just want to bring people out of jail and not prosecute arrests that police make, and certainly not initiate their own arrest. And hopefully, this is just a change irrespective of what she says, these elections where people are understanding that their safety depends upon the D.A. who's in charge of their county.WATTERS: It does make me feel better that Liberals in Liberal cities are saying Soros DAs are too Liberal for us, get out.FORD JR.: I agree. Two things. First, I agree with Judge Judy on how she resolves cases on television and I agree with her here. Judge, you're right, we've got to figure out ways in which to reform cashless bail. You've got to penalize people and hold people accountable for crimes. I think what's happening in Portland looks like -- looks as if the person -- the race hasn't been called. It looks like the Republican is in front by 11 to 12 points.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: That's a good thing. I could have -- I could easily have envisioned myself based on what I know about that voting Republican in Portland because crime is such an important issue and public safety is an important issue. So, I think it should be refreshing for everyone who cares like we care around this table, people who watched us talk about this, that our system works, the electoral process works.People are not going to continue to elect people who coddle criminals. And in Portland, we have our first domino, our first -- the first example of that in a long time. And as we -- as we find ourselves living in this awful and avoidable era that we live in today of voters saying -- who come from an area that may be a little more Democrat than not saying we want our communities cleaned up and we want public safety treated as a priority. So, I'm relieved and refreshed by this.WATTERS: I am relieved refreshed as well.PIRRO: I've been refreshed.WATTERS: Dana, in a lot of these states, the governor has the authority to just say, hey, D.A. you're done. And I'd be also refreshed if that would happen at least once.PERINO: We need some refreshing. And Kathy Hochul, the governor of New York, should absolutely do something.GUTFELD: Yes, shower.PERINO: I texted Greg earlier today. I walked about a mile up 8th Avenue today because I had to go from one place to the next. And I'm walking because it's hot outside, now it's warm. And in a day from the rain to the sun, it is a disaster outside. Everybody has come out of the shelters. And I'm not talk we're not talking like the migrants who are there saying can you please help me and the kid. Like, they're there too. I'm talking about doing drugs everywhere, lying on the street across -- lying across the sidewalk like this with people stepping over them.And then you had people on the city bikes riding the wrong way on the street causing a traffic jam. The quality of life is a disaster. And I'm -- I actually just watched all this lawlessness. I called it 101 ways to lose my life on my way to Pilates today which is a great way to help your life as well, just as a little tip.And somebody like Krasner for example in Philadelphia. Like, he was one of the DAs who was funded by the George Soros effort in order to try to make sure that these types of DAs ended up in these cities. And now, what do we have? It's not just New York. I'm just saying -- I was a one woman focus group today and it is really bad.You know what I thought I would do to be safer? To get on the subway and take the subway from there to there. That's how bad it was.WATTERS: Greg, did you notice any junkies on your way to Pilates?GUTFELD: Well, if I'm one of them. No, this reminds me of the thing -- remember I said to you a while ago, there's only two kinds of people on the New York City streets, homeless men and women running to Pilates. That is all that you see in New York.Portland voters fired a Soros-funded D.A. and replaced him what's called an adult. That is a Republican gun owner. That's what you call an adult. The difference between adults and children i.e. leftists, is that adults understand incentives and cause an effect. The previous D.A. ignored incentives and that -- and they incentivized criminals and the city collapsed. They didn't coddle them. They cuddled them and they still wouldn't stop.So, now you're seeing dad brain return and the leftwing brain exposed or the lack of a brain. But this is a big lesson for every -- in every -- when you look at crime, immigration, identity politics, you see a pattern emerge. Without a self-policing mechanism, a governor within a party, the entropy of disorder unfolds continuously. With crime, thanks to no-cash- bail and decriminalizing theft, it went in one unstoppable decline. Immigration, demonization of border policy, you see a decay in one direction.Identity politics through the fallacy of the victim mindset, we have grown men identifying as women in women's Sports and in women's prisons. So, what do they all have in common? There's no governor, there's no restriction. So, I think we can agree that Dems without Republicans leads to anarchy and suffering. They need to work together.I can understand that -- why people think Republicans are too harsh, but you cannot -- we cannot trust you on your own, Democrats. Look what you're doing to this country.PIRRO: Yes, Harold.FORD JR.: If Republicans would give women freedom and go -- to do what they want with their doctors and Democrats would focus on crime and border, we really have a great county.GUTFELD: You think it's just about abortion? I disagree.FORD JR.: No, no, but I'm saying -- no, but you just outline things that Democrats don't -- that the voters -- and I don't necessarily disagree with you.PIRRO: The first order of government is the protection of its people, period, end of the story.FORD JR.: Freedom is the first thing guaranteed in the Constitution. Give women their freedom.WATTERS: If she said period, you can't talk after that, OK.Ahead, what is Greg shirt made of? An investigation. Plus, illegal immigrants pulling a Jussie Smollett to stay in the country. We'll explain.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Illegal immigrants taking a page out of the Jussie Smollett playbook by staging phony robberies in order to get visas. The Fed is announcing the arrest of six men charged with faking a string of robberies across Chicago so that the phony victims of these fake crimes could apply for special U.S. visas reserve for real victims and stay in the country.Jesse, what will they think of next? They are clever.WATTERS: I'm impressed. I had no idea punching a migrant would make them a citizen. I'm really at a loss. You know, sometimes you think, you know, the Democrats say they're here to pick crops but they're much smarter than we give them credit for, Harolds. And you know, if you can figure out the nuances of the U.S. legal system, I say welcome to America, because I can't.PIRRO: OK.PERINO: Judge, they probably need to increase the penalty for U Visa fraud.PIRRO: Yes, that's a good -- that's a good idea.PERINO: But who's going to prosecute?PIRRO: Well, let me tell you about U visas, OK. The reason we have sanctuary cities is because all of these Liberal Democrats who were so smart made the decision we need to be able to talk to the illegals, we want them to know we're on their sides, we want them to report crime to us. A U visa has been in place for at least 25 years that I know of. And I use it as a prosecutor for illegals who were victims of crime to get them to cooperate to make it clear to them that they're not going to be deported and it is a pathway to citizenship. It is an incredible tool that's used.And I had a case once where an Ecuadorian -- he was he was a laborer, he was illegal. Every week he got paid in cash and he go and he buy booze. And every week, another Ecuadorian guy would come around, beat him up, take his money. Finally, after weeks of this, he killed him. He took a big rock and just smashed his head into --FORD JR.: One Ecuadorian killed the other Ecuadorian. So, my job -- I mean, I was furious about this because I mean, this guy was just trying to make a living, he was trying to work. No one would -- no one would testify. No one would cooperate with us. And then when I went in with an interpreter and said I'll give you a U visa, it's pathway to citizenship, all you need to do is talk. They did. I mean, it's a wonderful -- it's a wonderful opportunity to get illegals or immigrants to work with us and give them a benefit.PERINO: What has Jussie Smollett done?GUTFELD: I don't know, man. Wait, he was terrible at it. These guys are great. This is next-level crime. You know, we incentivize the newest illegals to come here where they manufacture hoaxes to further their aims. They would make perfect Liberal journalist. They've already learned the most powerful lesson in America. It pays to be a victim. You know, when you run into trouble of your own making, immediately point a figure to an imaginary villain, they would make excellent college students as well.By the way, where did they get the money to pay people to fake a crime? I thought they were like in dire straits. And what are -- what are being stolen from them? What are the things that they have? Are they the things that we gave them for free? I don't -- it makes no sense to me. It's amazing. And I guess what bugs me the most is it's another example of line cutting. Like, you know, they're actually stealing from real robbery victims and again cutting in line in front of legitimate victims who actually deserve the services.PERINO: Right. And also, anybody who has been here legally waiting in their turn. Do you blame Joe Biden, Harold?FORD JR.: No, I don't. Well, I do blame Joe Biden for this extent. We should sign executive orders, but also blame Republicans in the Senate for kowtowing to President Trump and not passing the compromise bill that's there. We had to do everything we possibly can. If it'll take executive orders from Biden, if we want to all say President Trump was right, fair enough. If we want to then say to the Senate you guys should stand up and vote your conscience and vote what's right for our border, and Democrats going to say you stood up to President Trump, so be it.The real winners will be us and we won't have stupid stories like this which I agree with you, these are people who are pretty clever about how they're doing these things whether they're being harmed or not, but the real harm is being done to us Americans, to people -- and to those who are in lining, waiting to get this country legally.PIRRO: Yes, because Joe Biden is letting the illegals in ahead. That's the problem.FORD JR.: I'll let you take that line if you want, But one thing is certain.PIRRO: That's the truth.FORD JR.: We're not doing -- we're not doing anything as a country. The Congress isn't do anything and neither's Joe Biden.PIRRO: Yes, Joe Biden should follow the law.PERINO: You mean exclamation point.FORD JR.: Exclamation point.PERINO: All right, coming up, Good Fellas getting whacked with a trigger warning, exclamation point.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOMMY DEVITO, CHARACTER, GOODFELLAS: hit him, I hit the deer, and his paw - - what do you call it, the paw?JIMMY CONWAY, CHARACTER, GOODFELLAS: The hoof.T. DEVITO: The hoof got caught in the grill and I've got to hack it off.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: AMC is slapping a trigger warning on the classic movie GoodFellas. Apparently, they've been doing it since the 2020 BLM protest. It says this. "This film includes language and their cultural stereotypes that are inconsistent with today's standards of inclusion and tolerance and may offend some viewers."This is nonsense. Your honor, what do you think about this?PIRRO: You think it's nonsense?FORD JR.: I do think it's nonsense. It's nonsense like Jimmy Two Times. He says everything two times.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: From the movie. I mean, I love that movie. What are you talking about?PIRRO: You think it's nonsense.FORD JR.: I think it's nonsense.PIRRO: You said it two times.FORD JR.: Nonsense, nonsense. I mean, it's absurd, absurd. You feel that? What do you think?WATTERS: I mean, Italians love this movie.FORD JR.: The Blacks do too.WATTERS: The Blacks love it and the Blacks like Black movies.GUTFELD: Do they?WATTERS: Yes.GUTFELD: I did not know that.PIRRO: Oh, my God. Jesse, that is shocking.WATTERS: Women like women movies like romantic comedies.PIRRO: No, they don't.WATTERS: Guys like shoot them ups.PERINO: You like romantic comedies. I know it. I do know it.WATTERS: I do not.PIRRO: You do too. I'll find out from Emma.FORD JR.: You watch Do The Right Thing --WATTERS: Do not talk to Emma behind my back.PIRRO: I talk to her all the time. I tell her to buy jewelry.WATTERS: You do?GUTFELD: I look --WATTERS: Is that what she said, I'm not buying her enough jewelry?PIRRO: I said I tell her to buy jewelry.WATTERS: Oh, good.FORD JR.: Exclamation Point, what are your thoughts on this?GUTFELD: I look at trigger warnings as a reason to watch something. What kills me is that they think that this is -- that GoodFellas is like somehow a bad portrayal of Italians. Is it as bad as Robert De Niro in real life? I mean, come on.PIRRO: You go.GUTFELD: And by the way, you don't have a trigger warning for the violence, but you have it for a stereotype? You're an idiot. By the way, trigger warnings are offensive in general because they assume you're a baby and you can't handle it. If you actually like, I can't watch that because they -- it's from another era, it's that --WATTERS: It's rated R. I mean, that's the only warning you need.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: Can I make a --GUTFELD: Trigger warnings for Anne Hathaway movies. That's what we should have.FORD JR.: D.P., what do your thoughts about this?PIRRO: Trigger warning to walk outside.PERINO: My household needs a trigger warning for movies that are going to be historically inaccurate --GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: -- in their portrayal of who was a judge in England, for example --GUTFELD: Right.PERINO: -- in 1925. I'm just going to tell you it was not that guy.GUTFELD: Filthy Little Letters was the movie you're talking about.PERINO: Wicked Little Letters.GUTFELD: Wicked Little Letters.PERINO: I mean, there is so much going on in that movie that is factually incorrect which I don't think helps anybody who wants more diversity, equity, and inclusion. But for my sake, the next time, we just need a trigger warning and then I can tell Peter, then then he doesn't have to complain about it the whole movie.WATTERS: Like, if you're going to do a Cowboys and Indians movie, and all the Indians are just White guys, it gets confusing.GUTFELD: That's the way it was in the '50s.WATTERS: But didn't they paint their faces?GUTFELD: Yes, they did, Jesse. Yes, they did.PIRRO: They didn't have Indians then?GUTFELD: No. Not in the movies.FORD JR.: Not in the movies. There were no actors.WATTERS: Now, they use the same guy in every movie.GUTFELD: In every movie.WATTERS: I love that guy.FORD JR.: You think --GUTFELD: You know that the guy in the commercial with the tear --PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Not Indian.PERINO: Right.WATTERS: Not Indian?GUTFELD: No.PERINO: He was not Indian.GUTFELD: He was not Indian.FORD JR.: "ONE MORE THING," "ONE MORE THING," "ONE MORE THING," "ONE MORE THING" is up next.PIRRO: "ONE MORE THING."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING," and Harold goes first.FORD JR.: A 55-year-old grandmother from San Francisco swam from San Francisco to California's Farallon Island. She -- Miss Gubser is her name, Amy Gubser. She swam 17 hours through shark and jelly-infested water without a wet suit. That's the real -- the real key here.PIRRO: Wow.FORD JR.: A boat trail her the entire time, keeping her energy up with hot chocolate, chicken broth, and canned peaches. I'm going to -- I'm going to remember that. The swimmer pulled off the monumental achievement despite the waters is as cold is 46 degrees Fahrenheit and a few stings along the way.GUTFELD: Where was this? Where was this?FORD JR.: In California.GUTFELD: What part of California?FORD JR.: San Francisco to the Farallon Island.GUTFELD: The sharks are gay.PIRRO: That's incredible.GUTFELD: The sharks are gay. That's why they didn't touch her.PIRRO: They're dead? OK, Greg. You go.GUTFELD: All right, "ONE MORE THING," here we go. Tonight, oh, this is going to be great. Charlie Hurt, the great comedian Harland Williams, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. Check it out. Let's do this. Greg's Celebrity Sighting. I'm so excited when other shows have their annual like picnic race. Check out The View. This was this morning. They taped it live. They have this every year around May. It's their picnic race. They race for the cheese it's called. All the proceeds go to charity which is the name of Whoopi's boat.PIRRO: How do you know that?GUTFELD: Oh, I've been on it many times.PIRRO: Is that right?GUTFELD: Yes. It's great.PIRRO: You're friends?PERINO: (INAUDIBLE).PIRRO: All right, that's it for us, everybody. Have a great night.