JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: So I am kind of rooting for the cat owners in this equation.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: No one is reading you. No one is reading you.FAILLA: No one is --INGRAHAM: But who did you interview for the top job? Did you get the -- oh my gosh, Jimmy, great to see you as always.FAILLA: What a dream. You're the best.INGRAHAM: Don't forget, catch Jimmy on the road. He's going to be in Dallas this Friday and Jesse is next.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Republicans have left me with no choice. We must first secure the border and secure it now.WATTERS: Biden's executive action on the border is ridiculous.BIDEN: What's that?REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Prosecutors aren't supposed to tamper with evidence and it looks like that's what he did. He changed the sequence of the documents that he seized from Mar-a-Lago.MERRICK GARLAND, US ATTORNEY GENERAL: I'm sorry, that's a false characterization.WATTERS: The Attorney General under oath.SARAH EDMONDSON, FORMER SEX CULT MEMBER: It took being branded to actually wake up and get back to reality and literally snap back to my former self.WATTERS: Escaping a sex cult. The "Get It Together" series continues.EDMONDSON: Endless money, sex, and power.WATTERS: Plus --("A FEW GOOD MEN" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)LT. DANIEL KAFFEE, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: I want the truth.COL. NATHANIEL A. JESSEP, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: You can't handle the truth.WATTERS: Joe Biden has never worked harder than his first day in office. I've never seen a man sign so many things. It was executive order after executive order. He didn't really know what he was signing. But in 24 hours, Biden's John Hancock broke the border, making him the most successful travel agent in history.But Biden's success turned our country into the United Nations parking lot and he told "Time" Magazine he had no regrets about reversing Trump's policies saying this: "If I was wrong, it's because I took too long."For four years, we demanded he put it back together. He ignored us for three, and in year four, he said, I don't have the power. We even told him the Act that Congress passed that gave him the power. Still nothing, until today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Today, I'm moving past Republican obstruction and using the executive authorities available to me as president to do what I can on my own to address the border.I am announcing actions to bar migrants who cross our southern border unlawfully from receiving asylum. Migrants will be restricted from receiving asylum at our southern border unless they seek it after entering through an established lawful process.Those who seek come to United States illegally, for example, by making an appointment and coming to a port of entry, asylum will still be available to them -- still available.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden threw himself a party at the White House to celebrate, but Democrat senators in swing states up for re-election didn't show because Biden is toxic, and not in a masculine way.Biden's so-called border shutdown order doesn't shut down the border at all. It keeps catch-and-release. We read it and so did Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Now after nearly four years of his failed, weak leadership, pathetic leadership, Crooked Joe Biden is pretending to finally do something about the border. But in fact, it's all about show because he knows we have a debate coming up in three weeks.The truth is that Joe Biden's executive order won't stop the invasion. It's weak and it's pathetic, it will actually make the invasion worse.Millions of people a year will continue to pour across our border and be released into our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden claims he will shut down the border if illegal crossings hit 2,500 a day, but they're already over 3,000. So let's just say Biden shuts down the border immediately. What does it really mean? It means this, if Jose gets caught crossing the border, and if we say Mexico take them and Mexico says no way, Jose. Jose stays in Estados Unidos.Biden has no deal with Mexico. They just elected a new president yesterday. She's brand new. Biden hasn't even called to congratulate her, let alone cut a deal.There is no plan to deport anyone. Biden is just hoping that they leave. What happens is he keeps releasing them into the country, but they just aren't allowed to apply for asylum. So they just stay here in the shadows or in hotels for free.It's not like he's flying the Venezuelans back to Venezuela. Venezuela won't accept deportation flights. Migrants are still going to come here and they are just going to stay because they're just not going to need asylum.So Biden is shutting down asylum claims, right? Wrong. Biden is still letting 1,400 illegals per day come into the country if they use the asylum app.You remember, open table for illegals. You get to make a reservation to break into the country. And if you're a minor, Biden's executive order still lets you in. You get asylum. Or if you've been trafficked, which literally every migrant is, Biden still lets you in with asylum and Biden is still flying in 30,000 migrants a month, that doesn't stop.But this is the best part. Migrants can still show up at the border and claim they're scared, and they're fast tracked into the country. You get asylum if you say you're scared. I'm sure the migrants have never heard that.This executive order just orders more illegals. I'll take 30,000 Venezuelans in the air, 1,400 Mexicans on the app, then we'll do some Chinese and all the kids you can eat.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NEIL CAVUTO, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK HOST: Who is going to watch those unaccompanied children if they are allowed, and you don't ship them back? If you don't do anything like that, so where do they go?ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, US HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY: Neil, we deal with unaccompanied children in a humanitarian way, adhering to our values. We deter irregular migration. We build lawful pathways. We have programs for minors.CAVUTO: But this encourages drug cartels to take advantage of those kids, does it not, sir?MAYORKAS: Neil, we're taking it to the drug cartels with unprecedented strength. We're going to adhere to our values while we take tough enforcement measures, which is what we have done.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Does anybody believe the Biden administration has taken it to the cartels with unprecedented strength? Have you heard anything about Biden dismantling the cartels? Any big arrests? Any big shootouts?Biden and the cartels are in league together. Even NBC is saying this executive order is a joke.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID NORIEGA, NBC NEWS CORRESPONDENT: There is a pretty big difference between what this executive order looks like on paper and what Biden and other Democrats are using it to say they are doing in terms of shutting down the border, saying they're taking dramatic action, et cetera, and what it looks like it'll actually -- how it will actually play out on the ground, I'm pretty skeptical at this point that this is going to have any kind of immediate, measurable, dramatic results in terms of the number of people crossing.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: A Venezuelan Biden migrant, Bernardo Mata, a gangbanger just shot up a New York City cop in the leg, put two slugs in another cop's chest. Luckily, he is alive because of his bulletproof vest.Venezuelan gangs are infiltrating migrant camps from coast-to-coast. Investigative journalist Jonathan Choe caught a gang right outside of Seattle.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN CHOE, INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALIST: TDA members are also suspected of infiltrating the migrant camp at Riverton Park United Methodist Church in Tukwila, just a few miles away from Seattle.We've obtained this internal email sent out by Puget Sound Fire officials in April warning first responders about this serious threat, saying firefighters are only allowed to enter church grounds if they are accompanied by three police units.Graham Bay (ph) is an outreach worker and has helped migrants move into area motels.GRAHAM BAY, OUTREACH WORKER: What do you do when you've got zero opportunities for work? You've got zero opportunities to advance yourself?CHOE: He says young men without anything to do all day at the camp are being actively recruited to join the gang.BAY: What's happened is you've concentrated a bunch of people together and you've allowed them to begin to drift into the fringes of society.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden threw a party to celebrate keeping these people in the country. Look how easy it is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Where are you guys from? What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mauritania.MELUGIN: Mauritania from Africa.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: Yes. Why did you guys come to the United States?What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nepal.MELUGIN: Nepal?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: All of you from Nepal?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No English.MELUGIN: This is America. See the red lights. That's Border Patrol.(UNIDENTIFIED MALES speaking in foreign language.)MELUGIN: No, no, no, no. San Diego. See the lights?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: San Diego.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: San Diego right there.Biden's faux executive order isn't designed to protect the country, it is to protect his campaign. Last election, he ran on opening the border and this election, he wants you to think he's closing it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRY ENTEN, CNN SENIOR DATA REPORTER: Back in June of 2020, Biden was actually trusted more on the question of border security and immigration by a single point. Look at where we are in May of 2024. My goodness gracious. Look at this huge jump that Donald Trump has gotten. He is now ahead on this issue by 27 percentage points.So I'm used to seeing ten, fifteen, maybe 20-point shift, but basically a 30-point shift, 28 points if you want to be exact, that is very, very different.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: A majority of the country now supports mass deportations: 42 percent of Democrats support it. If you care about the safety, security and integrity of this country, there's only one man running to achieve that. The other one is trying to fool you. Don't be fooled.Senator Ted Cruz joins me now.So Senator, I have this stupid executive order right here. You can still come in even if Biden shuts down the border. Say you're scared and Biden fast tracks you into New York City for asylum.SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Yes, look this thing is utterly fake, it's a joke. Biden knows it's a joke.Now I will say what's notable, he finally admitted today that he could have done something about this from the very beginning.He could have issued this order in 2021. He could have issued this order in 2022. He could have issued this order in 2023. He could have issued it last month or the month before or the month before and he didn't, he didn't, he didn't.Why? Because he wants the 11 million illegals who have invaded this country. This is the outcome they want. They see them all as future Democrat voters.And so if people have to die, if people have to be murdered, if Laken Riley has to die, Joe Biden and the Democrats are okay with it. If the two NYPD officers shot this week by a Venezuelan illegal immigrant who was captured, we had him in Eagle Pass, Texas and what did Joe Biden do? He let him go. And that Venezuelan went to New York and shot two cops. That's happening every week and this has nothing to do with securing the border. This is all about the election in five months and this is political camouflage.Joe Biden wants to say I solved the problem and it's all a prop. He thinks the voters are stupid, and they're going to ignore the last three-and-a- half years.WATTERS: Well, you heard Mayorkas say that the administration has taken it to the cartels with unprecedented strength. I mean, you're down in Texas, Senator, have you witnessed that?CRUZ: Well, actually, he he's inadvertently correct. The only time Mayorkas or Biden tell the truth is when they do it accidentally. Unprecedented strength: Let me give you two stats from "The New York Times." The Mexican drug cartels in 2018 made roughly $500 million from human trafficking. $500 million is a lot of money.Last year, the Mexican drug cartels made over $13 billion from human trafficking. That's a 2,600 percent increase. So he's right. He's taken the cash to the cartels with unprecedented force. He's made them the most powerful forces in Mexico. And not only is he destroying America, he is also destroying Mexico.Look in Texas, Mexico is our neighbor. Mexico is a wonderful, beautiful country and the cartels are now terrorizing the people of Mexico. They are murdering people. They are kidnapping people. He has turned them into multibillion dollar global criminal conspiracies who are smuggling criminals and terrorists into America.He's going to blame you. He's going to blame Trump at the debate. He's going to say you didn't want this bipartisan deal. You guys buried it. I had a solution. You walked away because of politics.What's Trump and what are the Republicans going to say?CRUZ: Look, there wasn't a bipartisan deal. There was a Chuck Schumer deal. That was a terrible, terrible deal, the Chuck Schumer deal would have made the problem worse. The Chuck Schumer deal put in the law, catch-and- release. It codified it.The Chuck Schumer deal gave work permits to illegal immigrants when they arrived here. The Chuck Schumer deal gave taxpayer funded lawyers to illegal immigrants when they got here.The Chuck Schumer deal normalized roughly two million illegal immigrants a year every year in perpetuity. It was a terrible, terrible deal and the reason is Chuck Schumer doesn't want to secure the border.Joe Biden doesn't want to secure the border. The Democrats don't want to secure the border. They want this invasion. The whole purpose of the Chuck Schumer deal was for every Democrat running for re-election to say see, we had a deal that would have fixed it but the mean old Republicans wouldn't agree to it.WATTERS: Right.CRUZ: And that's what that's what Joe Biden is doing now.Now, I will make a prediction, Jesse, in the next few months, we're going to see the numbers drop down a little bit and this is just like what Biden did with gas prices. They're trying to fool the voters into ignoring his disastrous record. He wants this invasion and so does every other Democrat.WATTERS: Yes, it's a numbers game. They do it with inflation. They do it with the Job Report. They do it all the time. We're not going to be fooled by it.Senator Ted Cruz, Texas, thanks as always.CRUZ: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Hunter Biden's gun trial and a former sex cult member, ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Explosive second day in the Hunter Biden trial, the case where we do know the crime. We had tears, drugs, scapegoat, and our first look at the laptop from hell. We'll have more on that in a moment.This case is all about Hunter lying on a gun form which the prosecution will easily prove with pictures, videos, text, witnesses, and cocaine residue on the gun holster. But Hunter's lawyer says that's not Hunter's drug residue, it's Hallie's, Hunter's brother's widow, the one he was sleeping with. Yes, Hunter is throwing his brother's widow under the bus.The defense also said that Hunter didn't even want to buy a gun. Hunter just drove Joe Biden's black Cadillac down to the AT&T store to buy a phone. Across the street was a gun store, where a pushy salesman convinced Hunter to buy a Colt Cobra .38 special revolver with a speed loader and a box of ammo. You know how pushy salesmen are. Prosecutors also pointed out that Hunter took out thousands of dollars in cash a day, presumably to buy drugs.The defense says it wasn't for drugs. Hunter just didn't own any credit cards. He keeps cash like Fani. Jurors saw videos of Hunter using drugs and listened to clips from Hunter's audiobook, and there were a lot of tears.Kerri Urbahn was in the courtroom and has the details.Kerri, who was crying?KERRI KUPEC URBAHN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL EDITOR: Yes, so Ashley Biden apparently shed a few tears while we were in there. I didn't personally see that, but our producer Jacobson did.I have to tell you that, Jesse, I was a bit surprised about that given that Hunter Biden went on a pretty well-known book tour over this, about this book a couple of years ago. And you know, we sat through listening to about an hour of Hunter's own words and his own voice listening to his audio book as he detailed his wild drug escapades, including him talking about how finding crack was his superpower.So that was an interesting point sitting there and I was watching the jurors faces this this afternoon. One tried not to laugh, as a message was read from Hunter to Hallie where he called her unhinged and crazy for calling the FBI about his gun.Meanwhile, she called them because he had left it in an unlocked car with the windows down and she was afraid the kids were going to find it. And she also was afraid he was going to either harm himself or others, given the fact that he had just the day before been texting her about being on a car and smoking crack and talking about doing a drug deal with a guy named Mookie.So it was an interesting day.WATTERS: All right, so the jurors think Hunter is funny and they're witnessing the Biden family cry. I don't think this is going the way the prosecution thought it would.What else happened today? Was there anybody else who cried? Were they bored?URBAHN: The jurors were paying pretty close attention. You know, one thing I noticed, and Jesse, I mentioned this to you earlier, you know, Hunter had these interesting orange glasses on. I'm not sure if that was to get the attention of the jury or what.His wife was sitting behind him. He kissed her right before he sat down after lunch and by the way, Jill Biden and Ashley Biden left during the lunch break, so we didn't see them this afternoon, but we'll see how this goes.Look the prosecution has overwhelming evidence about Hunter's drug use both before, during, and after the time that he bought the gun.WATTERS: All right. Well, we'll see how it shakes out. Always interesting, and down in Delaware, you never know what's going to happen. Kerri, thanks as always.URBAHN: Thank you.WATTERS: This might seem like an open and shut case, but Jonathan Turley points out, Hunter's legal team might have an ace up their sleeve. It's called jury nullification. It's when you pick a jury that will give you a not guilty verdict. They know you're guilty, but they just disagree with the law.The strategy plays on the racial makeup of the jury, which is mostly Black, as well as the Biden's influence in Delaware. The hope is this jury won't convict for a drug related crime.Everybody in Delaware knows the Bidens, that's why Jill and Ashley are sitting front row. But that's not all, the Biden family brought mouse to court.Mouse is a Delaware legend. Joe Biden was the best man at his wedding. Mouse runs Delaware's NAACP, and has been involved in the community for decades. They want every Black juror see Mouse sitting with the Bidens. If you can get the jury on your side, all of a sudden, this case is not a slam dunk.Susan Constantine is a jury consultant.All right, Susan, let's go through some of these jurors.Almost all of them seem to have some drug history or family history with drugs. One juror's childhood best friend died from a heroin overdose. Another juror had an alcoholic brother-in-law; brother-in-law is now dead. One juror's dad was shot dead and his brother was arrested for narcotics possession. Another juror pled guilty to a DUI and another juror had an older brother addicted to PCP and heroin.How do you think these jurors are?SUSAN CONSTANTINE, JURY CONSULTANT: Well, they're definitely drug- qualified, right, Jesse?So the fact that they've got so many family members and people that are close to them, a lot of them might have some sensitivity knowing that what they've gone through as a friend, maybe as a family member, the trauma that they go through, but also, too, the rehabilitation side a bit.So some of them might have empathy and compassion for Biden, just because they have some background also in it, within their family, so this is probably a good move for the defense.WATTERS: Okay, and now we have another juror who says weed is no big deal and you should be able to buy a gun on it. She seems like a pro-defense juror to me.How about this one, though? This juror used to work for the Secret Service and her husband is currently a member of the Secret Service.CONSTANTINE: Hmm. Well, you know, I'm surprised that she actually admitted that, but then again, I'm sure that would have been found out.But the fact that this is Secret Service, I think that those jurors would look at that and they're going okay, well, this person is in the Secret Service. We've got Joe Biden and or, excuse me, Hunter Biden, he has also been accused of taking drugs and so forth. So you know, if it's okay for the government agents to do it, then why isn't it for him?So I'm really surprised, of course, that this one was not struck by the state. I mean, why didn't they use one of their preemptory strikes on this juror? I don't understand it.WATTERS: Well, they might have run out of strikes, and then one juror left because I guess the commute was too long. So that brings in the alternate and the alternate, one of them is an Obama donor. I think we know how that one is going to go.Susan Constantine, thank you so much. We always appreciate your analysis.CONSTANTINE: You're welcome.WATTERS: Well, today, Biden's Justice Department got in front of the courtroom with a plastic bag in hand and pulled out Hunter's laptop. The same one that was censored before the 2020 election, the same one that 51 Intel officers said was Russian disinformation, the same one Joe Biden said was fake.The Justice Department admitted it's real and they have had it since 2019. But they didn't want us to know about it before we voted last election.Now, there is no hiding it. They're using the laptop as unimpeachable evidence in a federal gun trial.John Kiriakou is a former CIA officer and whistleblower. They're able to melon scoop certain stuff out of there for taxes and guns, but they're just going to leave the rest of the laptop that points right to the Big Guy alone? How does that work?JOHN KIRIAKOU, FORMER CIA OFFICER: Yes, that shouldn't work.First of all, you're exactly right. We have to remember that 51 very, very senior CIA officers -- former CIA officers said this was a Russian disinformation operation, which clearly and obviously it was not. Hunter Biden said it was his computer. The Justice Department said it was his computer. And it's been -- the contents had been published by the Marco Polo Foundation.So we know what is in it and it's ugly. With that said, there is no reason under the sun to cherry pick some of the evidence out of this thing, either it's going to be evidence in legal proceedings, or it's not.WATTERS: Now, it is going to be used, I believe in the tax case in September. How can they work around that? All of those text messages and e- mail communications, a lot of them involved Joe Biden.KIRIAKOU: Yes. Yes, Joe Biden has said, from the very beginning that when Republicans on Capitol Hill quoted these text messages, they were taken out of context. Well, now is the time to prove that that's the case because these things are going to all be out there in the public domain, and the American people are going to be able to make their own decisions on it.If these were taken out of context, now is the time for Joe Biden to get ahead of it.WATTERS: And you heard about the whistleblower saying that the sugar brother was untouchable. The CIA says don't lay a finger on the sugar brother's beautiful head of hair. Why would the CIA want to cut off an investigation into the guy lending the Biden's money?KIRIAKOU: Yes, Jesse. I think the CIA is lying about this. The CIA made an unequivocal statement that nothing that the whistleblower said was true. But he has doubled down, and he's got the evidence to prove that he is telling the truth.And so the CIA has got to come clean. Either they tried to kill this investigation, or they didn't just saying that they didn't. And not just that, they said it was absurd. They're going to need to put up or they're going to need to shut up.WATTERS: Okay. Well, when the CIA tells me something, I assume the opposite is true. But I think that's probably a good way to go about life in the United States.John, thanks. As always, we always appreciate your analysis.KIRIAKOU: My pleasure. Thank you.WATTERS: Biden's attorney general gets his head kicked in on Capitol Hill. More on that.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Now that Donald Trump has been convicted of a crime that nobody can name, Joe Biden is calling him a convicted felon, but Trump wouldn't have been convicted if it weren't for Biden.Today, Biden's Attorney General Merrick Garland went under oath. Does he think it's weird that his number three guy Matt Colangelo spontaneously decided to take a pay cut and help Alvin Bragg take down Trump weeks after Trump announced he is running?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MATT GAETZ (R-FL): You had no problem dispatching Matthew Colangelo. Who is Matthew Colangelo? Who is Matthew Colangelo?GARLAND: That is false. I did not dispatch Matthew Colangelo. That is false.GAETZ: Matthew Colangelo. Matthew Colangelo became the assistant attorney general at the very beginning of the Biden administration. Colangelo makes this remarkable downstream career journey from the US Department of Justice in Washington, DC and then pops up in Alvin Bragg's office to go get Trump, and you're saying that's just a -- that's just a career choice that was made that has nothing to do with the lawfare coordinated by them.GARLAND: I am saying it's false. I did not dispatch Mr. Colangelo anywhere.GAETZ: Well, do you know how he ended up there?GARLAND: I assume he spoke -- he applied for a job there and got the job.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: If Johnny took a pay cut to be my neighbor's landscaper, you'd think I'd say he probably just applied for the job and got it? Come on. Biden's guys are coordinating all of these Trump prosecutions, if you watch the show, we've proven it.Today, the Attorney General stonewalled.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GAETZ: Will the Department of Justice provide to the committee all documents, all correspondence between the department and Alvin Bragg's office and Fani Willis' office and Letitia James' office?GARLAND: The offices you're referring to are independent offices of state.GAETZ: I get that. I get that.GARLAND: Of state --GAETZ: The question is whether or not you will provide all of your documents and correspondence. That's the question. I don't need a history lesson.GARLAND: Well, I'm going to say again, we do not control those offices. They make own decisions.GAETZ: The question is, will communicate with them, not whether you control them. Do you communicate with them and will you provide those communications?GARLAND: You make a request. We will refer it to our Office of Legislative Affairs.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, send us a letter and we'll get back to you, never. Garland also won't turn over the audio recording of Biden's interview with Special Counsel Robert Hur, where the president couldn't remember when he was vice president or when his son died and just rambled on about a client with a severed testicle.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DAN BISHOP (R-NC): Are you the arbiter, the decider of whether or not those tapes will be provided to this Congress at the instance -- at the subpoena of its committee to investigate the president?GARLAND: Constitution requires me to protect the separation of powers and our ability to do investigations in the future.REP. SCOTT FITZGERALD (R-WI): Have you listened to the audio recording?GARLAND: I have not, because there is no reason for me to listen to it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I have a feeling Trump's going to listen to the tapes, after he is inaugurated, probably puts them on Truth Social.Garland also said Special Counsel Jack Smith never tampered with evidence when he raided Mar-a-Lago and fanned out Trump's documents and slapped folders on top that said "Top Secret."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JORDAN: Prosecutors aren't supposed to tamper with evidence and it looks like that's what he did. He changed the sequence of the documents that he seized from Mar-a-Lago.GARLAND: I'm sorry, that's a false characterization. But that is not going --JORDAN: Here is what he said to the court, Mr. Attorney General: "There are some boxes where the order of items within the box is not the same as in the associated scans." I mean, he said it, I didn't say it.He admitted to the court that they tampered with the evidence. He mishandled the very documents he is charging President Trump with mishandling. And I'm just asking, do you regret picking this guy as the special counsel in the most important special counsel investigation probably in American history?JORDAN: I'm sorry. I did not hear the words tamper in the statement that Mr. Smith filed. He did not use those words.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Dave Rubin is the host of "The Rubin Report." He joins us now.So when you take documents and you fan them out beautifully, and then you bring to the raid things that say "Top Secret," slap them on top and take pictures and then leak them. Is that tampering?DAVE RUBIN, HOST, "THE RUBIN REPORT": I think that is tampering. I am not - - I am not a lawyer, but I believe that is tampering.I mean, the entire farce that we just witnessed for a few hours today was almost exactly like what we saw with Anthony Fauci testifying yesterday in Congress. These people never take responsibility for anything.The clip that really I thought was the most interesting there was the Matt Gaetz one.WATTERS: Right.RUBIN: Because all he is saying is if you guys have e-mailed, if the Department of Justice has perhaps e-mailed Bragg's office, can we just see that? And even that, we can't even get an answer as it relates to that.You know, Jesse, I was watching the show in the greenroom, and I'm starting to see a theme here.WATTERS: What's that?RUBIN: That if you're a Democrat, you can basically get away with everything. And if you're a Republican, you can't get away with anything. So my total --WATTERS: That's right. Yes, I know. I was a Democrat when I was a teenager, and look where that got me.So if you're saying -- if he is asking you, can we see correspondence if you corresponded, why don't you say, sure? Ask my team, we'll get it to you.RUBIN: Because --WATTERS: Why does he have to act so guilty and weasel around the answer for five minutes? It's because he is guilty.RUBIN: It's because he is guilty.WATTERS: They probably have been coordinated.RUBIN: Yes, that's exactly right.WATTERS: You think we're ever going to see any of these documents or is it going to be in 2040?RUBIN: I think it will be closer to 2040 than 2024, let's say. I think this is what the Democrat machine, the deep state they've done unbelievably well.They've put a bunch of people in positions of power, who never the buck stops with nobody. Oh, refer to that office. Oh, call this guy. And it's this constant shell game.And then you have a couple of decent Republicans, Thomas Massie also had some great questions during that hearing. Jim Jordan, obviously, and it's like you hear them and they're trying, they really are trying and we are watching our democracy just dissolve right in front of us.WATTERS: Right. And then you get the Democrats who just waste time and say, aren't you lovely? You smell beautiful.RUBIN: You feel --WATTERS: What cologne are you wearing?RUBIN: People are mean to you. They send you mean e-mails. Are you all right?WATTERS: Imagine having Fauci who oversaw the biggest pandemic in a hundred years, and you just compliment him on how well his suit fits. And then that's what you're using your five minutes for?What about these Hur tapes? So this is where Biden couldn't remember what day it was. Remember, they said he was a well-meaning elderly doddering old man. They released the transcripts, but not the tapes. Are you suspicious they may have doctored the transcripts because they doctor White House transcripts.RUBIN: Yes, I think there's every reason to believe they doctored the transcripts. He is a rambling old buffoon. I would take out "well-meaning" and then you sort of have it.He is old and doddering, I think we can all agree on that.WATTERS: Right.RUBIN: The well-meaning part, I do not know.WATTERS: All right, not very well-meaning.Dave Rubin, very well-meaning. Thank you very much.RUBIN: Thank you, sir.WATTERS: "The Rubin Report."The Democrats and sex cults, that's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: In my book "Get It Together," which you may or may not have heard of, I spoke with people from all walks of life. Ecosexuals, radical feminist sex workers, Black supremacists -- I've interviewed them all.And today I turned to cults, something many accuse Trump supporters of being in.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ERIC SWALWELL (D-CA): So if you believe in state's rights, except when a jury in that state convicts your nominee for president, you might be in a cult.If you can't -- if you claim you back the blue, but wants to defund the police, when the police go to your nominee's house to retrieve national security secrets, you might be in a cult.If you're supporting a guy who's felony convictions prevent him from getting a security clearance, you might be in a cult.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Unlike Swalwell, my next guest is all too familiar with cults.Meet Sarah Edmondson. In 2005, Sarah felt lost, spiritually and professionally, so she attended a week long retreat with a self-help group called NXIVM. Little did she know it was a cult in sheep's clothing.It was run by a guy named Keith Raniere who pitched himself as a messiah- like figure and use his power and his position to manipulate and sleep with some of the women in his cult.Although Sarah was not subjected to sex slavery, many others were, she endured over a decade of psychological torture and starvation. She climbed the ranks of NXIVM and went on to co-found a Canadian chapter of the organization.But her time at NXIVM came to an end when she and three other women were taken to a hideout in upstate New York and branded with Keith's initials.Sarah went to the FBI in 2017, blowing the whistle on the cult, and taking down NXIVM and its leader.Author of "Scarred," Sarah Edmondson joins us now.Sarah, tell me about your initial cult initiation. Did you even realize what you were getting yourself into?EDMONDSON: Hi, Jesse. No, I didn't. I had no idea.I was 27. This was 2005 way before all of the cult documentaries and podcasts and media that are currently out there about cults. I was attending a personal development seminar similar to Tony Robbins, but smaller.WATTERS: So when did you realize you were in a cult?EDMONDSON: I realized I was at a cult when the special symbol that I'd received on my body as part of an initiation into a sorority, which is what I was told I was doing on the 12th year of my time there, so after many, many years of indoctrination, when I found out that symbol was actually Keith Raniere's initials and a cryptic monogram, which was something that had been withheld from me.WATTERS: Were you scared before you were branded? Or were you all fired up?EDMONDSON: Oh, I mean, I was a bit of both. I was up until that moment when I saw the brand, I thought it was getting a tattoo, so it was a bit of a shock to me.But I also felt a lot of pressure there was collateral or blackmail was the actual term but in NXIVM terms, it was called collateral that was being held over my head to do whatever was being asked of me and I had a lot of pressure and even internal gaslighting that I said, I was going to do whatever it took to be a part of this, so I'm going to do whatever it's going to take.WATTERS: What was the indoctrination tactic that they used against you?EDMONDSON: Oh, so many. I mean from day one of my first five days that I mentioned in 2005, the very first thing that I was taught was you're going to feel uncomfortable. You're here to grow and you're here to work on yourself, so you're going to feel discomfort, which is true if you've ever done any therapy or work on yourself, and I know that you have. There are moments that are to face parts of yourself that aren't comfortable, it doesn't feel good.So I agreed to that on day one, and accepted that this was a hierarchy where the coaches who were teaching me knew more than I did, so that if there was a point where I didn't feel good, or my intuition was saying, get out, it was actually that was the time I needed to lean into things.So that's a very, very dangerous tactic, because my intuition was dismantled or slowly dismantled from day one.WATTERS: What was their goal? What did they want you to do for them in this cult?EDMONDSON: Well, Keith, ultimately, we believe I mean, I'm not in his mind but wants endless money, sex, and power and sex through -- power through sex. And some of his earliest harem members were women that he found at the age of 17, whose father had just died or other members whose fathers were drug addicts or also narcissists.I have a great relationship with my dad, so he wasn't able to get me that way. But I believe that's what he was hoping to do with the branding, which I didn't realize until even I'd gotten out that that's something that pimps do to the women that they own.WATTERS: Okay, so it was a pyramid scheme, and a sex ring. And it wasn't just regular people.EDMONDSON: Yes.WATTERS: There were celebrities, there were actresses involved in this, too.EDMONDSON: This is something I need to be really clear when I do media like this is that yes, it was obviously a sex cult, there was trafficking going on. But that was for like three percent of this group.The rest of the people were in this community that were working on themselves and their goals and try to be better people and execute certain projects in the world and using the goals program, part of the curriculum, to move things forward.But yes, it was people from all walks of life, including many celebrities in LA and athletes and presidential families, and the Dalai Lama endorsed us at that time.WATTERS: You just heard Eric Swalwell accuse Trump supporters of being in a cult. Does that ring true to you?EDMONDSON: Well, this is what I wanted to say to you, Jesse, and first of all, I'm loving your book. And I'm recognizing so many of the culty aspects of all of the beliefs of everybody on extreme left and extreme right, and I see extreme thinking on all sides of the political spectrum.Both sides are problematic for me, because both sides think the other side is culty and both sides aren't talking to each other, which is why I love your book, because you're willing to have those conversations.WATTERS: Well, thank you very much for the book endorsement. We endorse your book, "Scarred."EDMONDSON: Thank you.WATTERS: Congratulations on escaping this horrific cult and thank you for blowing the whistle. Thank you for going to the FBI. You're very brave and we're glad you're out of it and you can tell your story.EDMONDSON: Thank you.WATTERS: Sarah, thank you.EDMONDSON: Thank you so much for having me. Appreciate it.WATTERS: Anytime.How you can celebrate our movement this Father's Day. Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Father's Day is coming up. You know your dad wants some Fox merch. Granddad definitely wants the merch.Check out the proud American Dad collection. What do you get? Six pack of golf balls. He'll lose them, but it's okay. A beautiful decanter set with glasses. I mean look at this decanter. Look at this. it says Fox News Channel on it. They're going to love it. Put a little bourbon in there. Good night.Got the mug. Got the hat. Got the pint glass. Do we do Budweiser? Not Bud Light. Right.Then the polo. I mean nothing says Dad like a nice polo on a nice June weekend. Give it to him. You know he's an extra-large.So go to the FoxNews.shop for more information.Let's do some texts.Jose from Miami: Hey, are you talking to me? My name is Jose, but I arrived in this great country legally.We love legal immigration. It's like a melting pot. The chef gets to decide what ingredients go in. We don't just let the ingredients hop in the pot.Chris from Paris, Texas: Can I get asylum from taxes if I claim I'm scared of the IRS?Well, if they have guns, then I'm scared, too.Dwight from Georgia: Please tell Bill Melugin to stop giving migrants free directions into our country.Why is Melugin telling them where San Diego is. Point to Mexico and say it's that way.Come on, Bill.Frank from Villanova, Pennsylvania: Breaking out Mouse? That's it, you must acquit.I mean, when Mouse shows up, I mean this thing is not guilty.Christopher from Florida: Uncle Bosie, Mookie, the coke dealer and the pushy gun salesmen. Who is next?Chop Somali?Lisa from North Carolina: Which do you think was better? The courtroom sketch artist's artwork or Hunter's artwork?That's it for us tonight. DVR the show, and always remember, I'm Watters and this is my world.