SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: This is the final episode, following Outlaws, Jesse James, Black Bart, Butch Cassidy, Sundance, we got it all on Fox Nation. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg's next. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. All right. All right. All right. OK, that'll do. Happy Wednesday, everyone. So, the Democratic National Committee plans to nominate Joe Biden virtually ahead of the convention.Some say, this to allow Biden on the Ohio ballot, but others think it's to protect delegates from the scent of formaldehyde, because he's near death. Earlier today, the jury and the Trump hush money trial began deliberating. The judge told jurors, they must be unanimous if they find Trump guilty, leaving the prosecution to request mail in ballots.Don't sue me. Scientists say, Canadian super pigs may soon invade the United States. Great. Like, we already don't have enough here. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Nothing can bring America better together than a joke about The Views' wait.I didn't know where I was going with that. Native American groups allege the Metropolitan Museum of Arts' first indigenous art curator faked her Indian heritage to get the job. But, none of them want to be the one who asks her to give it back.You know, I'll just sit here until you guys address the fact that, that was a decent joke. I don't need your pity applause. A reason study ranked Houston as America's dirtiest city due to its terrible air quality, infrastructure woes, and number of pests invading homes. Upon hearing this, San Francisco said, hold my beer, except it was urine.Premature applause. There's a pill for that. A study revealed that having kids may shorten a man's life, especially if the kids are the Menendez brothers. Wow.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Look at the time machine for that one.GUTFELD: Yeah. Google it you kids born in the 90s. A new airline named Bark Air is designed specifically to prioritize dogs. The problem is, they all want to fly with their heads out the window. Adorable, but dead.In Washington DC, the giant grocery chain has announced a ban on large bags. Great. Now, where will I shop, complaints one large bag. A Japanese man who spent $14,000 transforming himself into a dog has now changed his mind. He had this change of heart when he met his new owner.Yeah. And the Mexican government says, the arm of a mummy came off after it was mishandled by the museum staff. That's the last time I go to Mexico, says one woman. All right. So, while Joe naps on the commode, the Dems are in panic mode.There's never been a better time not to be a Democrat. The whole party is falling apart like Michael Cohen piloting in Iranian helicopter into a Gaza pier. Oh wow, it was worth it then. According to a new big story in Politico, a pervasive sense of fear has settled in at the highest levels of the Democratic Party, meaning the people who have to feed and change Joe Biden.One insider actually called it a freakout. As in, we got to get this freak out of the White House. Politico interviewed a bunch of Democrat operatives, most of whom didn't want to be named, and I don't blame them.Being a Democrat right now is like being a blimp salesmen after the Hindenburg. Your main products at disaster, and it's leaking gas. So, Dems are now texting each other about what a disaster they think the election is going to be.And yet, here's what these guys think will happen if they lose, quote, this isn't oh my God, Mitt Romney might become President. It's oh my God, Democracy might end. Of course, Dems have been saying that crap whenever they're about to lose, Democracy is always about to end.Just like when they said global warming, it's just 12 years away from killing us all, when we really know, it's Hillary Clinton. And see the warming up. And when it doesn't happen, they just reset the clock, but in this case, it's worse because they really believe (BEEP).They kept saying that the Trump apocalypse is real, and over and over again, they just actually brainwashed themselves. You know, they're like a med student who read too many studies on micro (BEEP), and is now convinced, he's Jesse Watters.TYRUS: Oh (inaudible) Greg?GUTFELD: Yes. Things are so bad. One adviser to major Democratic Party donors has been keeping a list of nearly two dozen reasons why Joe could lose immigration inflation, Biden's age, Kamala Harris, third-party candidates like RFK, and yeah, Crackhead McGee.This Democrat keeps his list for donors because it's quote, much easier to show them, so while they read it, I can pour a drink. So, it's beginning to feel like Carter versus Reagan, except they take Carter now over Biden.TYRUS: It's fair.GUTFELD: I mean, who wouldn't -- you know, when Biden calls, Visiting Angels puts it straight to voicemail. It's your turn. Not even putting Trump on trial is helping Biden's prospects, just makes Joe look worse. Americans know law fair when they see it, not even trotting out a dishevelled bed wetter will change that.De Niro only underlying the fact that hating Trump is a luxury belief, something you can prioritize over crime, immigration, the price of food, because you're a movie star, and own half of lower Manhattan. You don't feel the pain others have from the past four years of a Democrat-run dystopia.Perhaps Biden himself isn't directly behind abusing the court system to stop Trump. When he sees it on TV, he probably thinks it's an old Matlock rerun. But staging a presser outside the courthouse, that changed things, it showed true desperation. They know this is it.So, they're treating criminal charges like Joe's diapers, throwing them at the wall to see what sticks. I know. I agree. They should be desperate. According to a new Rasmussen poll, 54 percent of Dems say, they want a different candidate in November. But, like my classmates who confess their love for me in my high school reunion, it's a little late for that.Yeah, go to hell. And let's not forgetting scheduling the first debate the earliest -- the earliest it's ever been in an election season, perhaps to build in enough time for a switcheroo, let Joe collapse in June and suddenly Gavin Newsom puts on his human costume, and slithers in. It fits so tight. Even a fake Republican on The View is sounding the alarm.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The time is running out, like, we're six months out and I think we have to be honest, there is a chance this guy could win if we don't start fighting harder.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: The holy crap, the idiot speaks the truth. Of course, he was punished later when they took away her sardines. But even a broken clock is right twice a day. That's why I give broken clocks as gifts.TYRUS: Thank you.GUTFELD: Oh, thank you. Woman applauding --TYRUS: It's clever.GUTFELD: -- for a terrible joke. So, the Dems had one trick, and it's backfiring. Trump is a threat to Democracy. It's not a practical thing. Like all their ideas, it's unproven and hysterical. Counter that to reality, spending more on basics for living, watching crime spiral, illegals mobbing the cities, calling voters traitors for not wanting to live this way isn't going to cut it.Do they think Trump is a jerk? Some do. Do they think he'll do any worse in the White House than he did the first time? Most don't. You know why? Because he actually did pretty good, even with the Russia gate albatross around his neck, but does old Joe think about this?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, no, no. Like, these Democrats, they got to worry less. They're worrying too much. It'll kill you. My doctor told me, you can let that worry and get you, take a nap. That's what I do. When I go to sleep at night, you know, whatever problems I have, they're all gone in the morning.I forget all about them. And, you know, I worked on election night last time, they said, Joe go to bed, go to bed. When you wake up, you will be President. And you know what happened. (inaudible).(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. Her sage advice makes men out of mice; host of The Sage Steele Show on Bill Maher's podcast network, Sage Steele. The only thing sharper than his jab is his wit; host of Good Guy / Bad Guy on ESPN, Chael Sonnen.Her motto, give me liberty or give me (inaudible); New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. And he wants arm wrestled Superman and a loser had to wear his underwear on the outside; New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus.Sage, I have -- this Trump is destroying the world thing. I don't think it's working. What do you think?SAGE STEELE, THE SAGE STEELE SHOW HOST: I think it's beautiful to watch the fact that it's absolutely positively a disaster. It's not working for them. It's so cool, though to be, and I travel all the time airplanes. People come up all the time. Guess what?Of all different colors and -- and they're like, do you believe this? I never thought I would say that I would vote for him. And now look, and they still whisper, right? They say it quietly, maybe not down in the beautiful state of Florida where I'm about to pick up residence full time, thank you.GUTFELD: That's for you.STEELE: Thank you.TYRUS: All right.STEELE: But, it's fascinating to see it, and again, when they talk so much about the Black vote and losing the Black vote, you know what? I think that those rumblings were there a couple of years ago, and now absolutely, it's legit. They should be afraid.Like, what does he have to offer them? What does he have to offer anyone? That's why people are saying the T word. Chael, do you agree with 54 percent of the Dems that we -- that they need a new candidate?CHAEL SONNEN, ESPN HOST: They seem very nervous. I question the sincerity on that, in all fairness, I mean, it seems like a kind of a popular thing where they -- where they blow. The single best politician that Democrats have is Gavin Newsom.And, he's going to be a big problem down the road. But, Biden seems to get things right. Here's what I would know if it was sincere. If you ask somebody that was a Dem, would you rather somebody else, and you must ask a follow-up question of who. I guarantee they will not insert whether it was with me or Gavin Newsom or even one of the squad, it's just something they say.STEELE: Don't you think it's -- I think it's the first time, at least what in last 20 years where there hasn't been OK, if not this, then this person. There's silence. I feel like -- I don't recall the last time that happened on the Democrat side.GUTFELD: Yeah, that's true. They never shut up. But the thing is, OK, so think about this. They had this virtual -- like this virtual nomination, they had to do that early, because they were worried about in the nomination, somebody else are in DNC being nominated.SONNEN: Yes.GUTFELD: Don't you think that's true?SONNEN: I think that it's interesting, you know, I actually love that kind of stuff. I don't want this to happen, because I support the right, but I got to tell you, I like Bitcoin, and I can only bring it into like I kind of like the things that are digital, and things that go forward, I do like the idea of pushing some technology for, but this is an interesting one.And the real story and why that's coming out, I think, is actually going to blow some people's mind when that finally gets revealed.GUTFELD: You think Joe Biden passed away secretly three years ago?SONNEN: No, but my mother-in-law does. She knows that he passed away as an actor. This whole thing is going on inside of Monica, shout out to Jana Smith, she's at home watching now.GUTFELD: Kat, Were you surprised or shocked by Elise's point on The View? I was.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, I don't get not being more worried, really. And I think that it seems really low to dispute 40 -- 54 percent, maybe it's because they can't see anyone else.But, I think kind of what it is, goes to Sage's point, which is, for some of these people, what a Trump supporter is, I think, is just like a mythical elusive creature in their mind, because the way they talk about him, certainly, no one in their real life would want to be open with them. And maybe, I'm thinking of voting for him or this.They think that everybody who supports Trump is just like the people who are at January 6. They don't understand that there are a lot of people who might not even necessarily support him that are going to vote for him. It's actually not a monolithic group of people.And -- because they don't want to ask these questions, and actually, figure out why, they're not going to find out why. And it actually wouldn't matter who they ran at this point, because I think it'd be the same playbook of Trump can't win. Trump can't win, Trump can't win. It doesn't even matter who the candidate is, because they're just saying, not this guy, is basically what they're running on.Yeah, you know what's interesting? It's like Trump is what you can imagine. And Biden is what you see, right? It's like nobody, the Republicans, you don't have to imagine Joe Biden, you can just say, just listen to the guy. But Trump, the Democrats really don't want Trump to talk, because he's really focused and he's angry, and he's defiant.So, they need to create these, like, kind of amorphous, dystopian what if she's going to end Democracy? Because if you listen to Trump, you go like, you know what? I -- you know, I don't have to like him. He seems to make sense.TYRUS: Well, he is going to destroy Democracy, Greg. Saw it last time when he got in.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: First thing he did is, he made everybody wear white uniforms, the Army, and then, he wore like this black uniform, and he had like this red lightsaber thing. He kept choking Congressman, he was trying to take a role, but luckily, there was a couple of rebels that blew up the whole thing.Otherwise, we'd still be stuck in that horrible -- yeah, it's -- it is made up, just like the movie I just said, this -- there is no substitute, Greg. They only need him for six and a half more months.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: They just need him to have crossed the finish line. Their entire campaign is Trump, is anti-Trump. So, you don't need to go speak and kiss babies when your entire campaign is the opposite of whatever he said, and he's a felon. That's it. Once he -- once they get the election, they believe they have 81 million, we always talk about numbers.They had a big turnout to stop Trump. And I think a lot of it had to do with a pandemic. But, they're not banking on it. They're not banking on anything else. They -- Biden couldn't be more involved in this courtroom if we put his blubber himself outside the building, but he doesn't call the shots.They sent De Niro in, a great actor who's respected by people who just watch movies. And he goes out there, and he gives that speech, because Biden can't do that. So, they got De Niro. What they didn't anticipate, what's I was shocked about, there was no arguing that De Niro is a great actor. Hands down.Everyone's favorite movie top five, he's in at least two. OK. But, what I was shocked in odd, is that, he is the worst improv actor I've ever seen in my entire life.GUTFELD: I agree. It's amazing.TYRUS: Like when I hate somebody, I don't need a check my hate reference. It's here, I don't need to go, you know, like, I can't stand. Gutfeld, he's holding me back. An every time I turn around, it's about my size. I have a brain too.SONNEN: Hey, Tyrus, where was the point? Tyrus, where was the point with De Niro? I mean, he never said why you couldn't vote Trump or at least some --TYRUS: Because you never let actors write their own (BEEP) ever. This is what happens.GUTFELD: He couldn't even respond to a heckler. Everybody can respond that.TYRUS: If you want get an actor to do what you need to do, get a Wayne Brady, you got out there and improv.STEELE: Totally.TYRUS: Like feed off, and maybe sing us a song (inaudible) becoming a Democrat because he's just so talented. But, an angry man.STEELE: When did the horn started honking, by the way, you were simply -- can I just real quickly (inaudible).TYRUS: Listen, I'd try the other part.STEELE: I need to. I don't want --slow things -- slow down for me. I don't want to give Alisa -- Alisa too much credit, because how often we've been able to say, she's right. She worked in the Trump White House.Her entire career is because of the Trump White House. And she was behind everybody there. And then all of a sudden he loses the election, and what did she do? She jumps to CNN and now to The View, she's an opportunist. That said, you're one and done.GUTFELD: Absolutely right.STEELE: No.GUTFELD: Alicia is a poor man's amorosa. Up next, the latest report from New York's Kangaroo Court. That was good.(VIDEO PLAYING) If you'll be in the New York area and would like tickets to see GUTFELD, go to foxnews.com/gutfeld, and click on the link to join our studio audience.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Five Words, Trump, jury deliberations go on. You know, Chael, I was watching this today. And I felt exhausted. And it was only one day because I feel like, this is, like, it's a terrible workout for America. It's like, we're being forced to do something that we don't want to do. So, how do you feel about this?SONNEN: The outcome isn't near as in question as the prosecution itself. I mean, I got to tell you, and this was -- the Supreme Court was delivering. And Judge Jackson just waited. And this was only three weeks ago. But, there's an open debate, and she was saying -- she didn't know that the President should get immunity, because he has access to the best lawyers.It was a very interesting comment. It's very interesting considering the best lawyers were in one room and they were all arguing, and couldn't agree. Because, oh, what it insinuates is, she saying, if you have the advice of lawyers, and that's what you followed, you therefore are OK.He tried to protect his family. He followed the advice of his lawyers. Oh, which his lawyer testified to, and they prosecuted him anyway. And it just seems like a big -- it's a little confusing for me, and I don't think it's right.GUTFELD: No, I think everything you said, even though you said it in eight times the speed --SONNEN: But it was way clearer. I got it.GUTFELD: It was very clear. It's very clear. It's very clear. Like, I just got a call from Ben Shapiro, he says, bro, slow down.TYRUS: Wow, yes.GUTFELD: No, but, you're absolutely right. And this is what drives me crazy, Tyrus, is that this is unnecessary, and it's like, you know, we say, you're never -- you're not above the law. Well, there saying that Trump is below the law.TIMPF: OK. You got that from me.GUTFELD: I think I got that from Scott Adams.TIMPF: No, no, no, because you -- the first time you said it on The Five, you did credit me, and I remember, the closest I've been to The Five, I think.GUTFELD: Fine, fine.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: All right. Next time, I shall footnote all my commentary.TYRUS: About time.GUTFELD: Yeah. What do you think?TYRUS: That's why I had that hate speech written about you earlier. Man, this trial, I think it's awesome, the jury keeps writing a note to the judge. And it was two today, and he got pissed off and sent him home, because they keep sending the note.What crime are we voting on? Sending him home. And then they sent him this, then the second note came, it was a lot shorter than the first one, WTF judge. And -- because, up until that wonderful benediction that we just got, I had no idea what the crime was.Even the President doesn't know, and he knows a lot of people. And not even a lot of people can tell him what they've heard about what law he broke.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: To use his own stuff against a lot of people.GUTFELD: It's just an ugly scene, Kat. I don't -- I, like, I'm not even like I -- if this were more interesting, it would radicalize me. But, it's too tedious to radicalize me. It just pisses me off.TIMPF: Yeah. And I -- it should be interesting, I guess, but -- but it's not. And I really failed to understand, like, look, if I thought there was some case here, then, I would have no problem saying that. I really just don't understand it.And a lot of the arguments that we see from people about why Trump should go away for this, have to do with why they don't like Trump. I mean, even De Niro is like he hates New York City. It's like -- it's not illegal to hate New York City, first of all.GUTFELD: (inaudible) guilty.TIMPF: Yeah. It's got nothing to do with the trial. Even Stormy Daniels, in the trial, testifying about how the sex was, why is that part of this? If you can go to jail for being bad at sex, then a lot of people in this country are very concerned.TYRUS: But to be fair, if you're going to be judged, how you are at sex, a porn star's kind of an expert. So, you got to kind of, you know, but, yeah, like the only thing they've proven that he's -- he's -- he was a bad husband. And if that's the case, this would be an MTS show tonight.SONNEN: Greg, I think the myths is that Biden's not partnering him. I think that that's -- the clear play that Biden should have made a long time ago, and Trump on a personal level, really believes in loyalty, that would put him in a hard spot.If Joe Biden (inaudible) was the White Knight, and there's no scenario where Biden lets Trump go to jail. Every President pardons the other present because they need that same deal passport. I just think it's silly. And Biden could have got to, kind of saved his own son, your son's -- my father, if I had a drug problem or not, my father had the power to get me out of it, he would have.STEELE: That almost reminds me, though, of you know, last year, I guess, when all the Trump charges were being mentioned, and then, hey, this is a chance for Ron DeSantis to say, listen, we're going against each other here, but this this is the wrong -- let me stand up for him, and he was silent, which I think DeSantis, at that point, lost a lot of people, and that's water under the bridge.However, the whole thing to me, it's just embarrassing. Like, it's embarrassing. It's embarrassing that the -- that we're just now beginning to learn about some of the charges, like, if I'm in other countries, I am laughing at us again, this is just -- the 10,000th reason over the last three and a half years to laugh at us.But, I'm also scared is that, well not to say, just because of the principle of how it's happening, and then when you hear that they're getting the jail cell prepared and everything, to me, I'm almost preparing for this to absolutely happen.And then, for there to be who knows what kind of chaos in this country, because you cannot put anything past them. And with the way this trial is being run, you almost have to assume the absolute worst.GUTFELD: Yeah. And then, who's going to want to run -- who's going to want to run for office from a -- from a Republican or conservative independent, if this is what you get?TYRUS: But, you can't put a guy in jail who's never been arrested or convicted of a crime. It's just this is would be his first offense. And he's, what? 78?GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: I think there's a good chance we can get another 70 good years out of them. You know, I'm saying like if he had these -- you know, like, this is crazy.GUTFELD: All right. Up next, he teaches the youthful to be polite, smart and useful.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: OK, I'll take it. That applause was for me, by the way. This school lesson plan is how to be a good man. I speak of King Randall, founder of the Life Preparatory School for Boys in Albany, Georgia. Through his nonprofit he teaches boys the true meaning of manhood and how to be protectors and providers for their communities. They learn basic important skills from shaking hands to changing a flat, and eventually more advanced male behavior, like not entering women's swim meets.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Watch.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm going to tighten it as much as I can while it's in the air. Now I'm going to remove my jack stand.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What's your name?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My name is King Randall. How are you doing today?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Good. How about you?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm doing pretty good. Thank you for asking.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My pleasure.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Cool. That's real simple, right? You're looking at me in my face the whole time, firm handshake, wait until I let my hand go, while we both mutually agreed to let the handshake go, smooth walk forward, could have swung your arms a little bit. Seemed a little nervous at first, but he caught himself. You understand? Good job, good job. That was a great one.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Now, that's what I call an education. Among the values he instills are honor, discipline, commitment, courage, accountability, and consistency, and not a twerking drag queen in sight.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Perhaps because they're all over at Kudlow's apartment.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Tyrus, is this positive, negative, are you unsure?SONNEN: Why are the drag queens at Kudlow's apartment?(LAUGHTER)SONNEN: What happened there? What happened there?TYRUS: I've got to be honest with you, whenever Kudlow and Gutfeld are like, hey, we are going, I immediately just fall asleep.GUTFELD: I give you points. He's the only person who's ever asked.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Well, he was a gladiator, done a lot of fighting. And it was a simple ask, but now you put us all down a rabbit hole we can't get out of, because Greg has been waiting for that. I'm sure you have a 17-part answer. The entire butt of his notes is when someone one day asks --SONNEN: This is all Kudlow jokes.TYRUS: -- what's up with you and Kudlow.These are basic things that parents should be teaching, that our neighborhoods should be teachings. So when you go to school to learn how to shake a hand it worries me a little bit. Plus, I feel like that's kind of an issue. Shaking hands and changing tires, you can teach that in an afternoon.STEELE: No, but if no one's being taught that, which I think that's the --TYRUS: There are more things to that. Like when I see little things --STEELE: The handshake thing for me is so important with my kids. Eye contact.TYRUS: But that takes two minutes.(APPLAUSE)STEELE: I know, but these kids aren't doing that. I met a guy yesterday, I was trying to buy some tile, and he came up and said hi and shake my -- I'm like, what? Like, eww.TYRUS: But we have to be careful. We want to push these beliefs, like, hey, this is what we think it is to be a man. Then you get another nonprofit who comes along, well, we think being a man is wearing a skirt and curtsying. And then they are teaching. So you have to be careful. These are things that should be learned at home and in our communities.SONNEN: But what if it's not being taught?STEELE: It's not.TYRUS: Again, I'm not throwing shade. I'm just raising my eyebrow because when it comes to kids, we are way too lax and we're way too -- oh, it's so sweet. They're teaching them to change tires. What else is going on with your curriculum? What are you doing to build these young men, because all that stuff is small and little.GUTFELD: Way to take the wind out of my sails.(LAUGHTER)SONNEN: I'm a little surprised.TYRUS: I'm sorry.SONNEN: I'm actually a little surprised. I love what Tyrus is saying, that we need more. But I know a little bit about this guy. He actually is doing more. He has a mentor named Roy (ph) Pittman (ph) he looks up to that's been doing it for years. He's in there. He's not being paid. It actually is a nonprofit, at least from what we've been told so far.(APPLAUSE)SONNEN: And he's trying to help young men. And it's a big deal. How do you meet somebody is a really big deal. You don't get that first impression back. You go up and say your name first. It's a big deal. I like that he did it.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Harold Ford, his kids, they call you by your surname. Hello, Mr. Gutfeld, how are you?TYRUS: So do my kids.GUTFELD: That -- sticks with you. Even with someone like me who is not allowed near children.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: And it's not because of Greg. It's my sone how used Greg as a toy for a while. He apologized. You were just so cute, and you fit in his pocket. We gave you back. We apologized to your wife. Let it go.SONNEN: And just like that, Kudlow is off the hook.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Actually, Greg will say he's sitting on a hook somewhere waiting for you to get home.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, what are your thoughts here? I feel like part of the reason why I guess I find this refreshing is you don't hear about it that much. And also, there's such a coarsening of culture where things are going in one direction, and this feels like he is kind of holding it back a little bit.TIMPF: I'm going to make a very bold statement, and that is I think it's good to help kids.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Thank You. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: I do think, honestly, at least looking for solutions is great. Trying to help is great, as opposed to what politics is, which is politics is looking to see who we can blame for a problem and then using that to try and gain power for yourself. That's what politics is. They want to exploit problems rather than solve them, unfortunately. So trying to do something is good.GUTFELD: Yes, trying to do something is good.TIMPF: It is. You can use that on THE FIVE, too, if you want.GUTFELD: Trying to do something is good.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: But make sure you credit me.GUTFELD: Yes, I will.TYRUS: You can try to use it on THE FIVE. I just trademarked it.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Coming up, they think it's a win to say they're spread too thin.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Five more words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Five more words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Busy braggers are the worst. Kat, experts say that employees who "busy brag," which means bragging about how busy they are at work, are perceived as less likable and less competent by their colleagues. Does busy bragging annoy you, too?TIMPF: So I did something I know we're not supposed to do, which is I read all the way to the bottom of an article.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: And it says this mostly applies to people who are pretending to be busy or they're doing it for attention, which is similar to people who humble-brag. You prefer someone who actually brags than the humble -- when people say, they post on social media usually, like, I'm so humbled to announce that I won this award. That's the opposite of what that word means, bro. They use performative anxiety as a think, which is like don't steal my culture. My anxiety is real.GUTFELD: Sage, I do the opposite. I vice signal. I tell people all the awful things that I do so they are always surprised when I do something nice.STEELE: You do something nice, when you are nice.GUTFELD: I teach young children to shake hands.STEELE: When you credit people who have given you good lines.GUTFELD: Yes, yes, definitely.STEELE: What's the question?GUTFELD: There was none, Sage.TIMPF: There's not always, yes.GUTFELD: How tall are you?(LAUGHTER)STEELE: With or without hair? Five-11, and then you got to make it -- when I come on this show I wear my highest heels.GUTFELD: When you working at the podcast center of Bill Maher, do you have to talk about how much you work? Does he talk about how much he works?STEELE: I don't see Bill, and if I do then he's probably high. No, he's proud of it. Go for it. It's California, too. No, so you're making me think, which his also scary, because yes, I remember having a stressful day yesterday and telling a friend, and I was like, and then this, and then this, and then this. And then I was on four Zooms, and she was like, aha, great. I'm like, oh, I just sounded like that annoying person. I think it is annoying even though I was just -- what if you're just talking to a friend and you're venting? Because it was a stressful day. Is that bad?GUTFELD: It's the person who is like whining about it. Not complaining, but whining.STEELE: I didn't whine.GUTFELD: Oh, I had to do three -- and it always has to be high status. High status, I had to do three shows.STEELE: True. But everybody is busy, right. And so for the most part, shut up and keep to yourself, Sage.GUTFELD: Do you ever complain about the number of people you have to beat up.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I had to beat up six people today.SONNEN: You can find a way to tell a story about this. I'm just a name dropper earlier, I want to do something on the De Niro piece. Can I just tell you guys really fast. I'll try to tell it super fast, but in 2013, I had a small role in a movie. And it was Stallone and De Niro. And they had a conversation. I just eavesdropped on it, I was just standing there. But Stallone, there was an academy showed the night before, and Stallone told De Niro I don't agree that they did the politics. I don't care what the politics are, it should not be a part of the academy, Bob. And De Niro agreed with him and said he doesn't even follow politics. He said I don't disagree, but I don't follow it. That wasn't that long ago. I just wanted to share that with you, because what a difference time has made.TYRUS: A decade.GUTFELD: Yes.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)STEELE: Was that a humble-brag namedrop?SONNEN: But I admitted it. I for sure admitted that.GUTFELD: Vice signals.TYRUS: He gave me the option to ignore, because I ignore everybody in the office.GUTFELD: You can address Chael or the topic at hand. That's how loose the show is.TYRUS: I got concerned reading this, and I checked the author several times. It was not Kat outing me for pretending to be busy at work. I play my Xbox a lot for getting myself ready for TV. It's not easy building homes for peasant villagers in Minecraft. It takes all inclusive, and making every little color is represented. That takes hours.So I don't associate enough at work to engage. I always identify the humbler, the, oh, my life is so complicated. I had to do the interview this morning on De Niro, and it was conflicting for me because I like his music --GUTFELD: And I'm friends with him.TYRUS: -- and like this. And you're just like everyone in this building including the janitor had to talk about De Niro today, bro. They try to make their life so important but they are not. They are sad and miserable. Kilmeade doesn't go home, so he'll comes up to you in the elevator, and he wants to talk. He wants to be your buddy. I think that's why they changed the elevators here for Kilmeade, because you can't leave. You have to stay on until it's your floor. You can't hit a button and get out. Kilmeade and Watters --GUTFELD: It's called the Kilmeade button.TYRUS: Yes. He sits and waits for one of us to get in the elevator, and then, hey, how's it going? And even if you don't say anything, oh, that's cool. Guess what's going on with me in my house? Did I ever tell you about the time me and Jim Brown saved kittens in a firehouse? And you're like -- and you're on the 21st floor. It's a long day.GUTFELD: It is. All right, we must move on. Dressing like a dog was the pits, so he's calling it quits.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Life as a collie wasn't that jolly. That's actually a man, by the way. Chael, so this Japanese dude, he made international headlines in 2022 by spending $14,000 to be a realistic collie. But now he's changed his mind because it's too difficult to walk like a dog, and now he thinks he might try to imitate a panda or a bear instead. What are your thoughts on him?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: He couldn't follow through, Chael. He had an opportunity to be the Rosa Parks of the male to dog transition.TYRUS: What the hell did you just say?GUTFELD: He could've been the leader.SONNEN: Oh, the leader, sure, sure. I've got to say, I'm a little caught off guard. Tyrus has probably seen this a few times where somebody goes for a gimmick or a costume. Every time I've had a fantasy of disguising myself that well, though, it was to eavesdrop or to rob a bank. It was about some crazy fantasy. This is too good of a costume. I think it's weird.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: You know what it is? It's the uncanny valley of the costume where it got too close -- that's like when a robot is almost too human, Sage, that you get freaked out by it. Does this man have problems, Sage?(LAUGHTER)STEELE: I don't understand the why behind it. You know what, we need Kristi Noem. We need her.(LAUGHTER)STEELE: Sorry. That's not OK. That's not OK.TIMPF: I think I actually have some practical advice for this man who wants to try to be these other animals. I would say this time try walking as the animal before you buy the $14,000 suit.SONNEN: Sure.GUTFELD: That's true. Get used to it. It must be very hard to pee, too, to lift your leg. That was probably one of the problems.TYRUS: Yes, Greg. You want to get into the anatomy of him taking a piss in a dog suit.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Listen, unfortunately, if you're a disturbed, creepy men as a man, and then you become a dog, you're still a disturbed, creepy dog. And then you can tell by the video the dog is like what the -- is that. And they're like, oh, my God.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: That reaction is not going to change. Watch the video. The first dog is like oh -- why? Why? No.GUTFELD: If he had transformed into a woman, threw a dress on, and changed his pronouns, he would be a hero.TYRUS: But it would be the dog doing the same. What the -- why? A creepy man is a creepy man. It doesn't matter how you dress it up.STEELE: How is his handshake? Eye contact.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: What it is. Yes, I'm good. I didn't go to that class.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes. He just wanted to sniff people.TYRUS: No, he wanted to date a dog. You didn't read this guy's whole story?GUTFELD: I never read the stories, Tyrus. What do you think I am, Brit Hume?Don't go away. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Wonderful show. Sage Steel, Chael Sonnen, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)