JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone! I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro along with Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters, Dana Perino, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Fake eyelashes and butch bodies. The Real Housewives meets WrestleMania on Capitol Hill with a little bit of Jerry Springer on the side. Bickering lawmakers lobbing trashy schoolyard insults at one another and completely derailing a very important Congressional hearing. The purpose was to hold Attorney General Merrick Garland in contempt of Congress after he refused to hand over an audio recording of President Biden from Special Counsel Robert Hur's classified documents investigation.The big guy is now claiming executive privilege to deny the release and KJP was dodging like crazy when pressed about their hypocrisy when it comes to transparency.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why not just release them, especially with this White House's commitment to transparency?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: For one, the transcripts, as you all know, is already out there.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Does the White House feel that the recording, the audio could be politically harmful since that White was also raising a lot of them?JEAN-PIERRE: So, I can't -- I don't want to get into, dive into the specific point that you're making about the politics. I would have to refer you to our counsel's office on that. But there were determination that the President took very seriously on behalf of the, I would say, the request of the Attorney General and that's how this decision was made.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And that leads us to the Congressional catfight heard around the world. The House Oversight Committee on contempt was full of contempt for each other.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JASMINE CROCKETT (D-TX): Do you -- do you know what we're here for? You know we're here about A.G. --REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Well, just to -- point of -- point of order here.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): I don't think you know what you're here for.CROCKET: Well, you're the one that's talking about --GREENE: I think your fake eyelashes are messing up what you're reading.CROCKET: No, it -- nothing --COMER: Hold on. Hold on. Order.REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO CORTEZ (D-NY): I do have a point of order. And I would like to move to take down Miss Greene's words. That is absolutely unacceptable. How dare you attack the physical appearance of another person.COMER: The meeting will suspend. The meeting will suspend.GREENE: Are your feelings hurt?CORTEZ: Remove her words down. Oh, girl, baby girl.GREENE: Oh, really?CORTEZ: Don't even play.GREENE: Baby, girl? I don't think so.CORTEZ: We are going to move and we're going to take your words down.CROCKET: I'm just curious just to better understand your ruling. If someone on this committee then starts talking about somebody's bleach blonde, bad built butch body, that would not be engaging in personalities, correct?COMER: What now?REP. ANNA PAULINA LUNA (R-FL): Calm down.CROCKETT: No.LUNA: Can you please calm down.CROCKETT: Don't tell me to calm down.LUNA: Calm down.CROCKETT: Because y'all talk noise and then you can't take it.LUNA: You're out of control.CROCKET: Because if I come talk (BLEEP) about her, y'all going to have a problem.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. Chairman.COMER: I have two hearing aids. I'm very deaf. I'm not understanding. Everybody's yelling. I'm doing the best I can.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But the Congressional cage match didn't end there. AOC is trashing fellow Democrat John Fetterman after he compared the hysterical lawmakers to the Jerry Springer Show. And AOC hitting back and saying, "I stand up to bullies."All right, Greg, who's your money on?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I have to say, I just felt sorry for the half-list guy in the middle. I felt like I was watching Outnumbered. You know, when two people are yelling and you're going -- but I -- you know, I grew up with three sisters. You can't stop a fight between women whether it's on planes or the worst place is in bars. You never get -- because it just gets so bad in the Halls of Congress, obviously. Because the moment a guy steps in and says or does anything --PIRRO: Oh, yes.GUTFELD: -- you will be -- they will gang up on you.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: What did you say? Don't you tell me to calm down. By the way, if you want to upset anybody, tell them to calm down, even if you mean it. And then obviously AOC, how dare you? How dare you? This is from a chick who will not think twice to call you a genocider.This is the thing that like -- normally, you know -- I don't like the lack of civility in this stuff. But the reason why the gloves are off now is because one side has decided that politics is now personal. So, if you support Israel, you're a genocider. If you support Trump, you're a Nazi. If you're skeptical of lockdowns, you want -- you have blood on your hands. And if you're skeptical of obvious climate hokum, that means you want to kill the planet.So, they have -- they have basically morally condemned people. And I talk about this when people say, why do you make fun of like, Stelter's weight or The Views looks? It's because on the ladder of offense, physical attack doesn't come close to calling somebody a racist or a white nationalist. When they go after your moral character, the gloves are off.Make fun of the false eyelashes. Call someone fat. That's nothing like calling somebody a Nazi. So, have at it. AOC should be ridiculed because the thing she says to people about who they are, that stuff is a smear.PIRRO: You know --GUTFELD: Harold.PIRRO: OK, you know what, maybe it will go to Harold. Harold, you were in Congress. Did you ever see anything like this? And how would you react to this in Congress?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: No, good to be back. I've been gone all week and good to come back to the story. The -- I think it goes to show to some of the points that Greg just made, just how far the reputation and approval, how it's fallen in the United States Congress. We always say, you know, everyone is regardless of how or what they do, we're all the same, and we are, but you don't want to see this.We know people have -- can hurl personal insults. But I've never quite -- I didn't quite see anything like this when I was in the Congress. And I hear what -- I hear what Greg is saying. There's no doubt that some of these people are hypocrites. But everyone's watching this, and we are the model of the world. We are the city on the hill and Congress is a big part of it. And to see this, you can only imagine. This is airing all across the world. And whether you're a Democrat or a Republican, we should all be embarrassed by it.You don't need to wonder too far after looking at this why so many congressmen are retiring. Because the seriousness of the place has taken a -- taken a knock.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS HOST: Dana, as a woman, when AOC comes out and she says, oh baby, old girl, don't even play. I mean, she's like the tough girl.PERINO: It's like mean girls take the Hill. Like, it's going to be a new movie coming out this August. Wait till you see it. The thing that was happening is that the Democrats are trying to filibuster because they don't want to have to answer the question as to why Biden is trying to hide this audio tape from being released. Because the transcripts of the interview, those are already public. That's how we know that Robert Hur said he's an elderly man with a poor memory who had trouble answering the questions. So, we already have that transcript. The question is on the audio.How bad must that audio be that they are so desperate not to have it out there. Now, having been in the middle of some executive privilege fights myself, I understand that no matter who's in office, they will fight to the death for the executive privilege. And they'll try to make a point. They'll try to drag this out. But I think we can all imagine what is actually in there.What the Democrats are saying is that they don't want to release the audio because they're afraid that the Republicans are going to take it, chop it up, and use it for political purposes. Well, what do you think this is? This is politics. This is what it is. But what did they -- what did the Democrats demand when Don McGahn, the general counsel for President Trump was in the White House, they went -- Trump's office tried to go to the map for executive privilege, the Democrats cried foul.It's kind of the same thing, but the difference being, this transcript is already out. We already have it. The only question is are you willing to release the audio? So, I would say that the White House is like making more of this than it needs to be because now we can all just sit back and go, wow, that must be really bad.PIRRO: You know, Jesse, it was three and a half months ago that the request came in for this. I think it was February 5th. It took them three and a half months, though, to say we're going to use executive privilege. I mean, they just kind of push back, push back and it's like, oh, let's try executive privilege.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: So, my Congressional sources, Judge, are telling me -- I'm not talking about Chad Pergram -- are telling me this is what happened. This was supposed to be an 11:00 hearing in the morning. And because of these Republicans went to show solidarity with Donald Trump in New York, it pushed the entire hearing back to 8:00. So, everybody was hungry, and they didn't like that the Republicans pushed their schedule back.So, when they got it, there was a lot of anti-Trump talk from the Democrats. And Goldman at one point, the Democrat, told everybody to get MTG under control. I don't know if you're supposed to tell people to get a woman under control, but that really got under everybody's skin. And then that's against decorum. You're not really supposed to be rude. You would know better than I would. And then that's when the eyelash came out. And then that's when the -- what is it, a bad body butch?PIRRO: Butch body.WATTERS: Butch body -- what is it again?GUTFELD: Butch body.PERINO: Butch body.WATTERS: Butch body, bleached blonde hair, something like that. I can't hear just as badly as Comer could. And then it went until midnight. That's how bad it went. And what they're trying to do is they're trying to subpoena this audio because they don't believe this wasn't doctored. Because the White House doctors transcripts all of the time. How do we know it wasn't redacted? How do we know it wasn't messed with? And they have authority as a co-equal branch of government to have oversight over the executive branch.Now what I'm hearing is this. They're doing what's called inherent contempt. It's not like you say contempt, have the DOJ go arrest Merrick Garland because you know the DOJ is not going to do that. Inherent contempt hasn't been used for a hundred years. This would give the authority to Speaker Johnson to tell the sergeant of arms --PIRRO: you're right.WATTERS: -- to arrest the attorney general. And that's going to be voted on next week.PIRRO: And you know, the amazing part of it is Marjorie Taylor Greene apparently goes after Dan Goldman and says he's advising -- he's advising Juan Merchan, the judge in the Donald Trump case.FORD JR.: No. She went -- because she thinks his daughter works for -- Dan Goldman has employed her daughter -- his daughter.PIRRO: Oh, he did. Oh, so we have even more connections with that trial in the Democrats. Coming up, from jail to the first tee. The world's number one golfer, Scottie Scheffler, is reacting for the first time after he got arrested before the start of a huge tournament.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Well, it's like Tom Brady getting arrested before the Super Bowl. The world's number one golfer, Scottie Scheffler detained and charged with felony assault on a police officer while on his way to the PGA Championship. Shocking video shows the master champion being led away in handcuffs after a wild series of events. Police say he allegedly refused to stop his car at a barricade at the entrance of the Valhalla Golf Course.The road was shut down after a deadly bus accident had killed a vendor working the PGA event. An eyewitness reporter explaining the scene.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEFF DARLINGTON, REPORTER, ESPN: A police officer in a yellow jacket approached Scheffler's car and told him to stop. Scheffler continued to drive his vehicle. At which point, the officer attached himself to Scheffler's car. The officer then ripped the door open, pulled Scheffler out by the arm, pushed him up against the vehicle, placed him in handcuffs. Scheffler attempted to get the attention of the officer who did put him in the handcuffs originally and pulled him from the vehicle to tell him that he did not know he was a police officer.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Cops say the detective involved was hospitalized after being dragged by Scheffler's vehicle for a short distance. The 27-year-old pro was booked and processed all before 9:00 this morning. Scheffler making it back to the golf course in time for the first tee, and rolling in a birdie. He is now facing several charges including second-degree felony assault of a police officer and reckless driving. And he says it's all a big misunderstanding.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCOTTIE SCHEFFLER, PROFESSIONAL GOLFER: It was a chaotic situation and a big misunderstanding. I feel like my head is still spinning. I can't really explain what happened this morning. I did spend some time stretching in a jail cell. That was the first for me. I definitely never imagined ever going to jail and I definitely never imagined going to jail the morning before, you know, one of my tea times for sure.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Judge, when this news broke this morning right before -- during "AMERICA'S NEWS ROOM" or right before, it was like, wait, what happened? And we got a lot more information. By this evening, it feels like we know a lot more. And this maybe was a misunderstanding. How do you think it turns out on Tuesday when he goes to court?PIRRO: Look, this is going to be worked out. There's no question this is going to be worked out. But there are a lot of interesting things here. Now, he's going -- first of all, the police are super hyped right now because there's been a fatality. And so, what they've got to do is they have to preserve a crime scene, they have to get people around that crime scene making sure that nobody disrupts the integrity of it, making sure that they -- you know, people get to where they're going.Now, other people are hyped up because they want to get into the tournament. But at the same time, you know, he's in a vehicle that's marked. And the police officer, whether he heard him or didn't hear him, that's a question of fact. The police officers grabbed onto his vehicle. He didn't catch the cop and drag the cop. The police officer tried to stop the car and then grabbed onto the car. The police officer then when the car stops 10 yards later pulls -- tries to get Scheffler to get out and Scheffler opens the door himself voluntarily.So, you can almost tell from the facts here that it's not real clear what's going on. But I got to tell you. I am so impressed with this guy. The guy has a focus. After he's been fingerprinted, mugged, there's a -- there's a fatality, he's facing a tournament, to do his stretches in the cell, and then go out and Birdie the first tee. Talk about focus, it's unbelievable.But he's facing a class C felony. If they want to play hard ball, they can. A bunch of misdemeanors. Did he not obey the directions of the traffic cops, who knows? But the police officer, his wrist is apparently injured. But then the question is why did you grab onto the car? You couldn't stop it.PERINO: By all accounts, Harold, he's a gentleman. He has a great reputation by all accounts. But then you can have a situation where you're -- he didn't -- this is not the day he planned to have indeed.FORD JR.: No. I agree with the judge. I think this is clearly a massive misunderstanding on a bunch of people's parts. First, our prayers all go out to the family of the deceased. And I can't imagine. I've met this young man. I've met his father. I cannot imagine him intentionally doing anything like this, so I hope that they're able to handle the matter quickly, and that the charges are dropped in the interest of fairness.PERINO: Greg?GUTFELD: Well, I see it differently.PERINO: OK.GUTFELD: I'm trying to pretend to be interested. It sounded -- OK, here's the deal. It is ironic that it's the golfer not the ball that ends up in the hole. He went from tee time to hard time. Coming up -- here's what -- here's my first point on this. It sounds like a very chaotic scene in the early hours of the morning. It's dark. You see all these lights flashing. The cop probably wasn't aware of what kind of car he was driving.This is why I don't golf. Don't do a sport that has you up that early in the morning. When it's -- like, getting up when it's not light out, that's a -- you -- nobody wants that as a lifestyle. It's too stressful. You're not awake you probably haven't, you know, done all your stuff yet. You know, it's just --PERINO: You're describing my life.GUTFELD: Yes, I don't understand how you do that. I don't know anything really about golf but I do know that it doesn't make you above the law, Harold. You know that. And I know what you're thinking. Oh, he's a nice guy. But you know what? There are a lot of nice guys that get falsely imprisoned too. This is why I have a police escort to and from, so I don't run into this.And by the way, how hard is golf really? It's -- you get arrested, you're in there, and then you come back and you do OK. It just shows you that golf is easy to do. If I got arrested before this show, this show would go down in flames because I'm such an integral member of it. It would affect my performance. This is hard work, that is not.One great thing about Scott, he's a number one ranked golfer. Not once did he say to the officer, do you know who I am?PIRRO: Do you know who I am?GUTFELD: Which is something Jesse even says to telemarketers.PERINO: Jesse, your name was invoked. I was going to say, like, I asked this morning, why don't they have a driver?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: Well, the same thing -- Remember Tiger Woods.PERINO: I mean, and I'm not talking of a club.WATTERS: Tiger Woods, remember what he did, he did have a driver.PIRRO: Tiger Woods had a problem driving.WATTERS: And they're all -- their cars are marked. They know this guys in the championship. So. now the best three golfers in the world have gotten mug shots, Tiger Woods Scheffler, and Trump.GUTFELD: Nicely done.WATTERS: But look how good this guy is, and you know what I'm talking about. He goes in, he's four under on Thursday, he spends the morning in jail, shoots a five under. He's only two back of the lead at the championship. This guy has ice in his veins.I'm with the Judge. You're all wired because there's a crime scene that you have to preserve. But this guy has to get to the tournament and it's dark. It's like Kilmeade going to work every morning. If he gets stopped, he's flooring it.GUTFELD: Right, work.WATTERS: Work.PIRRO: You know interesting? He was willing to withdraw from the Masters because his wife was about to give birth. You know, he said -- you know he said --WATTERS: See, that's what I don't like about.GUTFELD: Yes, what a wuss.WATTERS: And it's a championship.FORD JR.: No, no, no. So, he was -- he said, if I'm leading on Sunday and my wife conceive -- the baby is born, I'll leave wherever I am. So, I mean, that's the kind of guy he is.PIRRO: Yes. He's a class guy.GUTFELD: He was -- he's just saying that.WATTERS: He was saying that they had a -- they had a C-section scheduled, Harold.PIRRO: Oh, Jesse, you don't know that.FORD JR.: So, now you're saying he's not a nice guy as we're thinking.WATTERS: He's a great guy. Of course, you're friends with him, Harold.PERINO: All right, coming up, the Liberal media is attacking NFL star kicker Harrison Butker after his faith-based commencement speech goes viral.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The Liberal media attacking NFL kicker Harrison Butker after the three-time Super Bowl champ for the Kansas City Chiefs gave a faith-based commencement address speech at a private Catholic college in Kansas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRISON BUTKER, KICKER, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: Some of you may go on to lead successful careers in the world, but I would venture to guess that the majority of you are most excited about your marriage and the children you will bring into this world. I'm on this stage today and able to be the man I am because I have a wife who leans into her location. But it cannot be overstated that all of my success is made possible because a girl I met in class back in middle school would convert to the faith, become my wife, and embrace one of the most important titles of all, homemaker.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Butker's defense of faith setting off a media firestorm even his own leagues involved. The NFL distancing themselves from the star kicker with its diversity and inclusion chief officer saying Harrison was speaking in his personal capacity. Headlines trashing Butker is a jerk, a bigot, racist, sexist, and homophobic.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNA BUSH HAGER, HOST, NBC NEWS: Who is he to tell us --HODA KOTB, HOST, NBC NEWS: Don't speak for us. I think that's kind of the thing. Stop speaking for women out there.RICH EISEN, RADIO HOST: If somebody gets up and says that sort of thing to somebody like yourself or your daughter, it's just outrageous.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: I think he has mother issues. He probably was left alone because she was busy with her career. He's angry.JIM ACOSTA, HOST, CNN: It's unbelievable what Butker was saying in this speech, saying that women might be better off staying at home instead of pursuing careers. That's -- it's 2024. That's insane.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, I mean, he went --(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But their outrage just made Butker star burn brighter. Sales of Harrison's Jersey are skyrocketing. And he's finding support in unusual places. Whoopi Goldberg coming to his defense.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: These are his beliefs and he's welcome to them. I don't have to believe them. I don't have to accept them.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, Judge Jeanine, what is so controversial about saying, you know, women have a great career but you know what you're probably also looking to falling in love and having kids too.PIRRO: Absolutely nothing. I mean, the amazing part of this speech is that it's at a private Catholic college, OK. He is espousing his belief in the in the Catholic place, faith in Christianity, and he's talking about women and his own wife in particular, and is drawing a conclusion for that -- from that. And it is amazing in this country that people are willing to trash him for his beliefs and even the NFL apparently is coming out and saying he doesn't speak for the NFL.Well, when Colin Kaepernick was trashing cops as pigs and trashing the American flag, the NFL didn't come out and say he doesn't speak for the NFL. You know, the NFL has never come out and said, you know, we're sorry, we have 117 NFL players who've been arrested for domestic violence, seven who've been indicted for homicide charges, and not even counting burglary, drug possession, and all this other stuff. Now, they wanted -- they want to take him down because he says something that is innocuous. If you don't like it, don't listen to it.Now, his jerseys are really -- are going up in terms of sales. I'm going to buy a jersey. You know why?WATTERS: Yes.PIRRO: First of all, I like the Kansas City Chiefs. But second of all, I believe that the man has the right to say whatever it is he wants to say. And yet people go out there and they espouse, you know, we want to -- we want to kill the Jews, we want to exterminate them, we want to eliminate Israel, and they're the ones who are supposed to be so inclusive. This guy talks about traditional Catholic Christian values, and all of a sudden the left wants to take him down. And you know what? The Catholic church has been under attack for 2,000 years and it'll never go away.WATTERS: Dana, why do you think the outrage over something that just seemed so benign?PERINO: I think partly it's social media, and also because hot takes are popular, right? And everyone -- there's -- people -- everybody gets a choice on how to react to everything. And a lot of people choose not to listen, not to read the room. The jerseys are all sold out in all the women's sizes.PIRRO: Interesting.PERINO: And so, the NFL actually makes money on that. So, I can't believe that the NFL weighed in instead of just saying no comment, because no comment would have left it. But choosing to be offended is a choice. Now, the left loves choice unless you decide to be a stay-at-home mom. If that's your choice, then you are a traitor to your race. Well, can we -- shall we revisit the women's sports, trans men and women's sports? Do you want to have that conversation again? You want to get outraged about that?I'm glad that Whoopi Goldberg is true to her beliefs and willing to stand up. It reminded me a little bit of when NBC all marched in lockstep because they were so outraged that Ronna McDaniel might actually go on the network and everyone said the exact same thing, and not a soul said oh, actually, I don't think it's such a bad idea. Whoopi Goldberg was at least willing to do that.WATTERS: Good for Whoopi. Greg, it's almost like they just heard him say, women should stay home barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen.GUTFELD: But it -- Judge and Dana is right. It doesn't matter what they heard because it wasn't for them. They are intruding in on that moment by their choice. You select the times that you want to be -- you want to manufacture the outrage. That's why they're a bunch of phony jerks. Whoopi was right. The rest of them, they're a bag of assholes. That entire clip is a giant bag of A-holes, every single one of them.He did not export his religion or his politics to a -- to the playing field. He didn't -- he didn't kneel, he didn't wear any BLM swag or anti- police sucks. He was making a pro-Catholic speech at a pro-Catholic university. If you are upset about that and you weren't there and it wasn't for you, you are a big loser.I mean, you are so pathetic that you actually have to seek this out because the story wasn't for you. You were -- you were actually like building up this outrage because you have nothing going on in your life. God forbid, you actually listen to his message. You might actually find out that, wow, you know what, maybe he's got a point.None of these people -- I bet few of these people were upset, you know, over the Chiefs drafting a man who choked his pregnant girlfriend, right? I bet that didn't kind of play -- that wasn't on their, you know, X timeline, you know. But here they art. It's -- oh, my God. You know what? There's so many things out there. That could upset you if you -- if you choose, but you're choosing it.And I just have to ask, what does the DEI office at the NFL do? What do you actually do?PIRRO: This.GUTFELD: Diversity in -- what do you do? Do you actually look at the team and go like, you know, we need -- we need a Black quarterback, we need a White linebacker? What do you actually do? I thought that the NFL is based on like who's the best athlete. That has nothing to do with DEI. It's competence. It's meritocracy, a bunch of losers.WATTERS: Harold Ford Jr.FORD JR.: So, I share The View -- I share Whoopi Goldberg's view about this. I think everyone has the right to say -- I think everybody around the table is echoed, everyone has the right to say what they want. Whether you agree with them or not is a different thing. I think that the most important thing is that women now have options to do whatever they want to do in life, can be professionals, can stay at home, can do both. I have a wife that does both and I'm thankful for that.So, I'm glad he thanked his wife and I think those who are being critical should watch the entire speech and understand that the reason -- the reason we're proud to be Americans is because we can all be proud in our own right to be the American we want to be.GUTFELD: Or go outside. Don't watch the speech. Just go outside and do something with actual people.FORD JR.: But if you're going to have an opinion on it. I don't disagree with you. If you want to have an opinion, you should at least watch it.PERINO: And get off your phones.GUTFELD: Yes. Get off your asses.WATTERS: OK, Greg, that's enough.GUTFELD: I'm sorry. But I -- when I saw, I could tell -- I could just tell that they have no concept of how to like actually prioritize things in their life when they're like, how dare he say that. It's like, why don't you just do something?PERINO: Or if like the producers say, you should be really outraged about this. Well, thanks. I'll make up my own mind.GUTFELD: Thank God we don't do that here.WATTERS: Yes, we never listen to the producers at all. "THE FASTEST" is up next.PIRRO: Thank God for it.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: From the country to T.I. Welcome back! Time for "THE FASTEST." First up, a mystery in the skies. Jet Blue passengers left soaked after a mysterious mist filled the airplane cabin. Viral videos showing passengers baffled as what appears to be fog started soaking people on a freezing cold for a four-hour flight. Experts say the vapor is completely safe though. It's a result of condensation from human air coming into contact with cool surfaces.If you were on this flight, Greg, what would you --GUTFELD: That happens to you all the time, doesn't it? Coming in contact with Harold's cool surfaces and all of a sudden there's just this mist that rises from Harold Ford. They're complaining about this considering all the things that could happen to you on a flight these days, things falling off. Come on. This should be mandatory. This seems like something that would be rejuvenating and in six months the airlines will be charging you for the mist.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: D.P., does this happen to you?PERINO: Harold Ford gives everyone the vapors.GUTFELD: Oh, he did.PERINO: Yes, the vapor.GUTFELD: Where's my fainting couch?PERINO: I mean, is this -- this has happened a little bit on flight before. This seems a little excessive. I've never seen it this bad. I don't think I would have panicked. The cold though, you know, that's why -- that's why I won't go down to court. I hear it's meat locker down there.FORD JR.: Primetime, do you fly like this? Does this happen in your house or when you get out from that ice thing you get into?WATTERS: This -- when I get a facial at home, they do little mist. It opens up the pores, Harold. You know exactly what I'm talking about. I have a question for all of you around the table. When they give you guys the hot towels before the meal, do you ever -- and I've seen people do this --PERINO: Elitest.WATTERS: -- take it and wipe it all over your face.FORD JR.: That's what I do first.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: You do that? You do that? Do you do that?GUTFELD: Well, I -- you know --WATTERS: He does it. Do you?PERINO: I don't because I have makeup on.WATTERS: Oh, OK.PERINO: I do it to take the makeup off.WATTERS: Oh, yes. Because men do it.FORD JR.: Yes, I do it.WATTERS: Why do you do that?PERINO: Wait, why are you wiping your face?PIRRO: Why is that unusual?FORD JR.: You should try --WATTERS: It's not your bathroom. It's just a hand towel.FORD JR.: You should try it. You should try it.WATTERS: I should try it?PIRRO: Yes, you'll like it.WATTERS: No, that's not --GUTFELD: We all just share the same one in --PIRRO: Yes, in the room.GUTFELD: In the first class.PERINO: I mean, also, you're quite --WATTERS: You don't even know what it's called.FORD JR.: In the first class. I mean --WATTERS: Tourist class.PERINO: That's like from a steamship.GUTFELD: I know.FORD JR.: Oh, God.GUTFELD: Steerage as --FORD JR.: Your Honor, you have a strong opinion about this?PIRRO: Yes, I think they should add fragrance to it. For those people go on the plane in their pajamas and look ridiculous and take their shoes off.PERINO: Hear. Hear.WATTERS: Lavender.FORD JR.: Up next, are tacos considered sandwiches? Well, a superior court judge in Indiana, he thinks so. He just ruled that tacos and burritos are Mexican-style sandwiches. Judge?PIRRO: Well, if a taco is a Mexican-style sandwich, which I have no problem with, then a hot dog is an American-style sandwich.FORD JR.: Should we put racial identification around -- and geographic identification around sandwiches, Jesse?WATTERS: Well, I don't know. Do Mexican cable T.V. hosts do segments about are sandwiches considered burritos. I don't know.FORD JR.: It could be an American burrito, a peanut butter and jelly, you know.PERINO: It made me think of an empanada. That's an Argentinian sandwich then. Where does this go from here?PIRRO: Gyros, a Greek sandwich.PERINO: A sushi roll, is that a Japanese sandwich?FORD JR.: A judge in Indiana, listen to us here. Greg, what do you think?GUTFELD: So, they're saying that tacos are sandwiches but Dr. Jill says tacos are people. Here's the deal. Sandwiches require bread. That's all we ask. If there's no bread, there's no sandwich, right? You can't do it in reverse. You can't say a sandwich is a taco. So, no, a taco is not a sandwich. Don't try to propriate from us. If I can't wear a sombrero on May 5th, you can't call it a sandwich.PIRRO: Well done.WATTERS: You can wear a sombrero for a shirt though.GUTFELD: This is -- yes, this is like something you get a muscle on the beach with a towel.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: It's a good way to end on this one here. Finally, I always knew it, saying please is a strategic weapon. A study claims that people are more likely to use the magic word when they expect to be told no though. Judge, do you agree with that?PIRRO: Yes. I think it's like next level. It's like because I think you're going to say no so I said please.FORD JR.: D.P.?PERINO: I can think of something really vulgar to say.GUTFELD: I know exactly.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: Which is like usual to me. Like --WATTERS: Dana.FORD JR.: That's like D.P.PERINO: The letter after E, this study. It's about manners. It's manners. Please.FORD JR.: Primetime?WATTERS: Jesse says, can I have a cookie? I say no. He says, can I please have a cookie? I said here you go.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: It works every time.FORD JR.: Did Gus do this with you?GUTFELD: What if you say please no?WATTERS: Please no, don't hurt me. People say that a lot to you, I bet.GUTFELD: They do.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Yes. That reminds me I've got to poke those holes in the box.FORD JR.: "FAN MIL FRIDAY" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Yes, "FAN MAIL FRIDAY." Let's go. This is from Nick. If you could delete one song from history, never ever, ever, ever to be played again --FORD JR.: Are you serious?GUTFELD: Yes. And I'm going to go to you first, Harold, because you seem to have pretty good taste in music. But there must be some song that makes you sick to your stomach. But you're so happy to be here, you probably won't say what it is.FORD JR.: I don't -- I love music so much. I can't think of a song I would want deleted. I mean, there are things I hear a lot but I don't --GUTFELD: Oh, I could find one.FORD JR.: Which one? What? Give us one since you called -- I'm going go back at you. Tell me --GUTFELD: That one by Maroon 5 where he sings with that stupid girly voice. She Will Be Loved, if I hear that song again, I will kill all of you.PIRRO: You know what I hate?GUTFELD: What?PIRRO: I hate the music in the game shows. Actually, it was in our ear yesterday when we were waiting to come on air.GUTFELD: That doesn't count, Judge. It has to be a song.PIRRO: OK, Dana.PERINO: What is it, Dana?PERINO: Bohemian Rapsody.PERINO: Oh, I love that.GUTFELD: Oh. Got that because a great -- it's a great song --PIRRO: It is.GUTFELD: -- that has been done to death. You don't need to hear it anymore. I my favorite song.PERINO: I heard it. It's all I ever needed. All I ever needed. I've heard it enough that I never ever want to hear it again.PIRRO: That's interesting.PERINO: I won't even watch the movie.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Really?GUTFELD: Not missing much. I love Queen though, Jesse.PIRRO: Me too.WATTERS: What was the song in bar mitzvahs and weddings where they make you dance and do the thing --PIRRO: Yes. The chicken one?WATTERS: Yes, where they make you put your foot in. The Electric Slide.GUTFELD: The Electric Slide.WATTERS: Get it out of there.FORD JR.: Well, this should be said the most played songs that you never want ever, ever have to hear.GUTFELD: Oh, now you want to change the rules.PERINO: You want to edit. You want to edit the question?WATTERS: Typical Democrat.FORD JR.: I still -- I still don't want --PIRRO: Change the meaning.GUTFELD: Speaking of game shows, here's another question. Cindy asks, you're on a game show and you need to phone a friend to help answer a difficult question. Interesting. Who do you call? It might not be the person you think is the smartest. But Judge, who would you have?PIRRO: I have a friend named Kieran. I would call Kieran. Do you know Kieren?FORD JR.: I do not know Kieran.PIRRO: His name is Mahoney. I would call him.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: He's smart on everything.GUTFELD: I'll Google him right now and see who he is.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Give me a call. All right, Jesse.WATTERS: I'm going with Peter Zion. He'll -- the question could be something like what are Indonesia's top three exports.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: He knows it cold.GUTFELD: Yes.FORD JR.: I don't know any friends like that.PERINO: He didn't write about New Caledonia today though.WATTERS: It slipped.GUTFELD: Yes. Dana?PERINO: Peter, my husband.GUTFELD: Peter? Of course.PERINO: Yes, absolutely, 100 percent. He's -- he knows everything.FORD JR.: I'd called the boss, M. I'd call my wife.WATTERS: Yes, I'm going to the change mine to Emma too.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: You know who I'm going to -- you know who I'm going to go with? I'm going to go -- I was thinking, I'm going to go with Kennedy. Do you know why?WATTERS: She's smart.GUTFELD: Cross-section of pop culture and politics.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: So, like she's --PERINO: And random stuff she knows.GUTFELD: She's one of the only people I will mention a band and she'll know like everything about it but then if you talk about libertarian politics, she'll go -- she'll go, oh, yes, blah, blah, blah, blah.FORD JR.: Allman Brothers, give me the top three songs.GUTFELD: Rambling Man --FORD JR.: Dickey Betts.GUTFELD: Yes. All that's it for me.FORD JR.: Stormy Monday.GUTFELD: Well, I got one more question. What is the most interesting thing you know about your family history? Jesse?WATTERS: One of my ancestors ran for president.GUTFELD: Oh, really?PERINO: Wow.WATTERS: In like the 1800s.PIRRO: Who?WATTERS: It didn't get that far.PERINO: That's awesome.WATTERS: Yes.PERINO: OK.GUTFELD: Dana?PERINO: Moonshiners.GUTFELD: Really?PERINO: During Prohibition.GUTFELD: Wow. They must been tall.PERINO: Good stuff there in the Black Hills.GUTFELD: Why do you have to bring race into it? Who cares who lived in the hills, Dana? Jesse? I mean, I already did Jesse. Harold?FORD JR.: My grand -- my dad's parents, things they overcame to raise 12 kids and send them all to college.GUTFELD: Very good.WATTERS: I think we knew that.GUTFELD: Very good. Judge?PIRRO: That's so bad.GUTFELD: JUDGE?PIRRO: What about my family. Like, Phoenicians. Like, they used to fly around on rugs.GUTFELD: Oh, interesting.FORD JR.: Are they?PIRRO: Carpet.GUTFELD: My family history, I can't talk about it. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg, hit it.GUTFELD: Oh, we have a great show tonight. It's Jamie Lissow, Dagen McDowell, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. It's awesome. Oh, my favorite subject. Here we go. Greg Sexy Animal News. All right, come and join me into the waterhouse.PIRRO: OK.GUTFELD: Yes. It's a family of Asian small-clawed otters in for a day of water fun at Melbourne Zoo. Ooh, just splash it all over me. Not in the eyes.PERINO: Oh, my god.GUTFELD: give me the hose. Give me the hose. Oh, the waves splashing against my skin in as I twirl and surf against the cold yet warm breeze.WATTERS: Oh, wow.PIRRO: OK.WATTERS: Is it hot in here? Give me one of those napkins.FORD JR.: Shower, man.PIRRO: Today is National Pizza Day, and what better way to celebrate than with a party around the table to start the weekend. Everyone's favorite pizza, mine is pepperoni, yours is --FORD JR.: Sausage and pepperoni.WATTERS: Pepperoni.PERINO: I do love pepperoni, but I got a vegetarian just to be inclusive.PIRRO: Greg?GUTFELD: I got pepperoni but I like bacon.PIRRO: OK, all right. And now, he's never been charged with a crime but we now have a horrific assault on tape, P. Diddy. Don't forget Fox Nation has it. What did Diddy do or did he do it?PERINO: What did Diddy do?PIRRO: All right, and I'm on "HANNITY" tonight. Jesse?WATTERS: We had a great morning at Hudson Farms, a shoot to raise money for the Special Forces Charitable Trust, a great organization that provides healthcare and all sorts of resources for Green Berets and their families. Each Green Beret was placed in one of the groups. We had an absolute blast. I love it. If you want to go and donate Special Forces Charitable Trust, do that right now.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," new Diddy video as mentioned by Judge Jeanine, 8:00.PIRRO: All right, Harold.FORD JR.: Two things. First, a 90-year-old sprinter named Emma Maria Mazzenga from Italy just broke the record for 200-meter dash for 90-year- old. She ran it in 51.4 seconds. This incredible lady holds five -- nine European records and 28 best Italian performance records, and five other world titles. You go, girl.But today is my best Buddy's birthday, my son Hep. Happy birthday, brother. I'll see you a little later.WATTERS: Happy birthday, Hep!PERINO: That's the You Go, Girl seat.PERINO: Damn it -- Dana.PERINO: OK, so Canine Companions which is a really great organization, they're having a name a Dana pup contest, because Dana is -- the yellow lab you see there -- she had six puppies. They're all girls. They're having a naming contest. You -- every one of them has to start with A, and you can go to canine.org/danapup and find out who is going to win or give a name.PIRRO: That's it for us. Have a great night, everyone.