BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is coming up next.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro in for Laura Ingraham and this is The Ingraham Angle from New York City tonight. Closing arguments are still underway right now in the ludicrous Trump trial in lower Manhattan. The defense reminding jurors that this entire case is based on the word of a guy who lied directly to them. They even nicknamed star witness Michael Cohen as the G.L.O.A.T, the Greatest Liar of All Time, and the prosecution has been droning on for hours.Joining me now outside the courthouse is Fox News Correspondent, Nate Foy. Nate, what's the latest?NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Judge, so the prosecution is five hours into making its closing argument, court normally ends at 4:30. Right now, 7 o'clock. We are still waiting for former President Trump to leave the courthouse and speak as he is expected to do.Within the past few minutes, the prosecution has been interpreting tweets and quotes from Trump's books and interpreting what they believe he meant during those or in those excerpts. Today, the prosecution also revealed the underlying crime that Trump is accused of. He's accused of unlawfully influencing the 2016 election by suppressing negative stories about himself along with Michael Cohen and David Pecker. Trump described the prosecution's closing argument on Truth Social as boring, and he said this about the judge earlier today. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We have a judge who is highly conflicted. He happens to be corrupt. It's the worst confliction. It's the worst that anybody has seen. Nobody has ever seen anything like it. There can't even be the prospect of an impropriety. And it's a shame.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Judge, as you mentioned, a big part of Trump's lawyers closing argument was attacking Michael Cohen's credibility. Trump attorney Todd Blanche described Cohen as the Greatest Liar of All Time. Remember, Cohen's the only person directly connecting Trump to his scheme to pay off adult film actress, Stormy Daniels.Cohen admitted to lying under oath several times. Blanche said Cohen lied again while testifying in this trial. In fact, he told the jury, quote, you cannot send someone to prison based upon the words of Michael Cohen. After that, Judge Merchan admonished Blanche. He reminded the jury that it's his responsibility alone to decide Trump's punishment if in fact, he's found guilty.Prosecutor Joshua Steinglass argued, there's a, quote, mountain of evidence connecting Trump to the Daniel's payoff and that he directed the business records to be falsified rather than doing it himself.Now, within the past 30 minutes, Steinglass said, Trump wasn't eager to silence Daniels until he was a political candidate. He also described former Trump aide Hope Hicks testimony as the, quote, nail in the coffin. He claims that's why she cried on the witness stand. But remember, Judge, Hicks testified that Trump worried about his family and specifically Melania when the Daniels story resurfaced.Now, that's important, because during the jury instruction debates, the judge indicated that as part of the jury instructions, if they find that the payment would have been made for reasons other than Trump's political future, namely his brand or his family that it could not be considered a campaign contribution, and that is what is elevating the 34 misdemeanor counts to felonies.So, right now, we are waiting the end of the action today. Again, we are two and a half hours past the normal time with the jury expected to get this case tomorrow. We'll send it back to you.PIRRO: Nate, I just want to follow-up with one question. You said that the prosecution said it was the nail in the coffin when Hope Hicks started crying. So, they were interpreting Hope Hicks tears as being negative toward Donald Trump as opposed to -- as the fact that she was trying to protect or that the President was trying to protect his wife, and she had to testify for the prosecution.FOY: That's exactly right, Judge. The prosecutor, Joshua Steinglass, claimed that Hicks broke down on the witness stand, because she knew how damaging her testimony was to former President Trump. But I mentioned earlier that she was the one who said that Trump was actually worried about how Melania would react, and she specifically recalled Trump asking her to make sure that newspapers didn't get delivered --PIRRO: That's right.FOY: -- to their family residents when that story broke, because he was so concerned about Melania's reaction.PIRRO: You know, I've got to tell you, Nate, the idea that the prosecution would be able to assess the motive behind tears is really stunning unless they followed up with a question, which I assume they didn't. Correct?FOY: Yes, no, yes, that's correct, Judge. And the prosecution is interpreting Hicks and how she felt on the witness stand. And I mentioned at the very beginning of the report, they're also interpreting how Trump felt and what he meant when he posted --PIRRO: Right.FOY: -- several things on Twitter. And they're also going through quotes from his books right now and attaching a meaning that is coming from them rather than from Trump himself.PIRRO: All right, it looks like Trump is walking back into the courtroom right now. Nate, thanks so much. All right, there, they are with the Trump family, Lara Trump. OK, we saw some of the family, Tiffany, Michael, her husband. That's the whole Trump group. Jason Miller there. The attorney, and OK, they're back into the courtroom.Joining me now is Mike Davis, Founder and President of The Article III Project. He also clerked for Justice Gorsuch, and Sean Duffy, Fox News Contributor and co-host of Fox Business, The Bottom Line.Sean, I was in court today, and I still have one outstanding question. No one has indicated that Donald Trump directed anyone to file the bookkeeping in a way where it would be criminal, or that even had a conversation. And in fact, they broke it down to invoice, vouchers, checks generated. Michael Cohen gives the invoice, the vouchers are prepared consistent with Michael Cohen's invoice, and the checks are generated based on the invoices. So, where's Trump orchestrating a crime?SEAN DUFFY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: So, where is the crime? Right? And so, we're all focused on the jury, how does the jury interpret these summations? And if you're the jury, you're like, we've spent four and a half, five weeks in court with a trial against a former president and this is all you got. This is it. And then you're going to spend five, six hours in summation, and you're pulling out all these strings, trying to confuse us.But when you break it down to the law and the facts to your point, Judge, they don't have it.PIRRO: Well, in the -- the amazing part in this, Mike Davis, is that there were nine points that Todd Blanche laid out for the defense, saying, and every one of them was very clear that that in the end that Michael Cohen is the embodiment of reasonable doubt. He is the G.L.O.A.T, the Greatest Liar of All Times. And what I thought was effective was when they said, Todd Blanche said, Michael Cohen didn't just lie to Congress and to judges and to his wife and the bank and everybody else. He lied to you after he swore to tell the truth.MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: Yes, that's right. And we have to remember that even if everything that Bragg and Colangelo alleges is true, which is not, but let's just play along. There is no crime here. It is not a crime for a businessman to settle a nuisance claim and put it in his private books as a legal expense.I don't know what you would call it other than a legal expense. It's also not a crime for a presidential candidates. to try to, quote, scheme to affects the election. If that were a crime, every candidate in America would be criminals. This is a rigged, partisan, corrupt process by a judge who's conflicted, because his daughter is raising millions of dollars off this case, a prosecutor Bragg, Soros-funded D.A. who campaigned on getting Trump, Matthew Colangelo, deployed from the Biden Justice Department to bring this political case. And at the end of this case, there is no evidence.PIRRO: But Mike -- I'll go to you, Sean. Apparently, they're now identifying what that underlying crime is that gave life to expired misdemeanors and they're saying that the President unlawfully influenced an election by suppressing stories. Now before -- I'm going to get to this question.Every campaign is basically a conspiracy to win an election. You try to get good stories in, you try to get your friends you know to publish bad stories about your opponent, you ran for office, I ran for office, talk to me.DUFFY: Your comms team is calling the press nonstop, pushing stories and trying to kill bad stories. That's what campaigns actually do. And by the way, Hillary Clinton in the dossier, she was trying to push a bad negative false fake story against Donald Trump, she too should be prosecuted. Trey Gowdy made the great point today in the emails coming from court, basically saying, I didn't realize it was, you know, this hush money scheme that went on, I thought it was that she didn't go to Wisconsin and the fact that she had a private server with classified information on it --PIRRO: Right.DUFFY: -- which was why the American people didn't trust her. Can I make one of the point too?PIRRO: Sure.DUFFY: I thought that in the closing argument, and you and I both know this, we all know this, you're not supposed to talk about the sentencing and when Trump's team talked about, you don't send a man to prison off of a Cohen -- Cohen's testimony. That was brilliant. This is an alley cat type fight -- brass knuckles, they're pushing the envelope -- somewhat breaking the rules, but with this kind of --PIRRO: Yes.DUFFY: -- grudge, you can't take that out of the mind the jury. And do you want to send a man to prison with Michael Cohen's testimony proof beyond a reasonable doubt, a man who's lied to the jury, lied to Congress, lied to America.PIRRO: Yes. But obviously, that is something I mean, as a former judge myself, and Michael, you know that the judge has got to instruct the jury that sentencing is up to him or to her. But just so you know, apparently, court is going to keep going until 8 PM tonight. We don't know what's happening after that. I can't imagine the judge told these people to bring their toothbrush, they should have been sequestered last Tuesday night. That's what I would have done with my juries, but in any event.The prosecution is saying that Donald Trump directed the business records to be written in a way where they could cover up what was going on, but not one person talked about Donald Trump connect, even Michael Cohen, getting involved in the bookkeeping, even Michael Cohen didn't. So, now they're making up a story as they go along. And they are not giving Donald Trump the right to defend himself based upon objections that were made during the course of the defense's argument.DAVIS: Yes, when CNN's Jake Tapper is even admitting that the prosecution has failed to prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt. You know, it's a bad day for the prosecution if this were a fair trial in a fair court.PIRRO: Well, and you know, Sean, you and I both know that this is a judge in the event and let's just remind our viewers of what the options are here of a verdict. What are the options?DUFFY: Well, you have -- you have an acquittal, an acquittal on some of the charges and convictions on the others, you have a hung jury, or you have a conviction. And by the way, I -- again, I've said this before, I'm going to say it again, the judge tried to give it to Donald Trump by sending the jury home for a week and talking to the liberal --PIRRO: Yes, right. That was something that we all agree --DUFFY: No, but it's not. I think you want your jurors to fight for you. And you don't want them to think about their vacation and their barbecues. Bringing them back on Tuesday, you're going to have those jurors focus to fight for truth, injustice --PIRRO: You're saying, let's hope so.DUFFY: I do.PIRRO: Let's hope so. And you know, the last question, Michael, if the judge tomorrow charges the jury in a way that you and I have reason to believe is not going to be beneficial to the defense, given the leeway that they're giving the prosecution in their summation. You know, the jury is going to go in, the last thing they will have heard is the judge's instructions. And you and I both know that there were missing witnesses here. Weisselberg is missing. He's the one who made decisions about the checks, and Keith Schiller is a missing witness. The prosecution chose not to call these people, why not?DAVIS: It's a very good question. This is a partisan, rigged, corrupt process. I would not be surprised at all if this jury finds President Trump guilty, even though there's no crime and no evidence. This may have to be resolved by the American people on November 5, 2024, because it's not going to get resolved on appeal before that.PIRRO: No. The appeal will not be resolved before the election. Sean and Mike, thanks so much for being with me tonight. And Joe Biden making a surprise nighttime visit to see his daughter-in-law, who also happens to be Hunter's ex. Normally that would not be a big deal, but it comes just days before she plans to testify in his son's gun trial.Fox Senior National Correspondent, Kevin Corke is here with all the details. Kevin?KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Judge. The President making that surprise nighttime visit to the Delaware home of Hallie Biden on Sunday. And here's why actually that's newsworthy or some have suggested incredibly problematic. It's because the President's visit, Judge, comes just days before Hallie Biden is due to serve as one of the most important witnesses at Hunter Biden's federal trial for alleged gun crimes.Now, Hallie, you may recall, was married to the President's son Beau, who died in 2015 of brain cancer, and that was before she had a relationship with his younger brother, Hunter. She was apparently dating Hunter at the time of his alleged crime and is one of a dozen expected witnesses to obviously testify.Now, Mr. Biden, for his part apparently stopped by her house at 8 o'clock Sunday night for a brief private talk. Again, just eight days before she scheduled to begin or to be a part of the trial that's scheduled to begin on June the 3rd.But if you think this was odd, strange even. Well, the White House wants you to know it was no such thing. Spokesman Andrew Bates said the President didn't discuss the trial with Hallie Biden during the visit, noting, quote, he visited her because of the approaching ninth anniversary of Beau's passing.Now, prosecutors alleged that Hunter lied about his drug use on a gun form and that he used to make a purchase of a firearm and then he obviously was illegally in possession of at least one weapon, which allegedly Hallie then disposed of in a public dumpster back in 2018. The plot thickens. Judge.PIRRO: Yes, I'm sure he was there to talk about the ninth anniversary. But that's me. Kevin, thanks so much. The Biden campaign trots out uber Trump hater Robert De Niro outside the courthouse today. The wild video you've got to see, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Court is still ongoing. The judge just gave the prosecution until 8 PM tonight to finish their closing arguments. We'll bring you updates on the side of the screen. And we'll bring you, President Trump, when he comes out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: I don't mean to scare you. No, no, wait, maybe I do mean to scare you. If Trump returns to the White House, you can kiss these freedoms goodbye that we all take for granted. And the elections, forget about it. That's over. That's done. We want him running this country and saying, I'm not leaving. I'm dictator for life.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: As Robert De Niro whines about the supposed loss of democracy, it seems the irony is lost on him that he's standing in front of a courthouse where the current President is engaged in a relentless crusade to imprison his political opponent. And lest you think this was just Robert De Niro acting on his own, he was introduced by the Biden campaign's communication director.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL TYLER, BIDEN-HARRIS CAMPAIGN COMMS DIRECTOR: We're not here today, because of what's going on over there. We're here today because you all are here. We're here, primarily because of the threat that Donald Trump poses to the United States of America. And of course, we are happy to have Robert De Niro.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Joining me now is Charlie Hurt, Washington Times Opinion Editor and Fox News Contributor, and Ned Ryun, Founder and CEO of American Majority. You know what, Charlie, the Biden campaign is running out of ideas. They're losing women and minorities and blacks, and they trot out an old actor to read a script.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I think that's a perfect summation. This is the most desperate move I've ever seen from a major party's political campaign. I think they have run out of -- obviously, they're losing on all of the ideas and so, they have to go for this.And it was really strange to listen to Robert De Niro, obviously, this is a guy who will take absolutely any role anybody gives him. He's never turned down anything his agent calls him about. And so, he goes and does this and he's talking about how Donald Trump is a terrorist. And the problem is, everybody remembers what it was like to live with Donald Trump as president, and they were much better off than under the current guy.And as you point out, the current guy is the one who's turned our justice system into a political cudgel in order to jail Donald Trump. So, Joe Biden doesn't have to face him in an election.PIRRO: You know, Ned Ryun, good idea?NED RYUN, FOUNDER AND CEO, AMERICAN MAJORITY: No, it was terrible idea. I think that was total and complete political malpractice what the Biden campaign did today. First of all, they publicly tied themselves to this political witch hunt of a trial to their chief political opponent. And we know they've been coordinating this lawfare, but now they've just dropped the masquerade and publicly tied themselves to it.It also, Judge, kind of felt like jury tampering. You're telling me that none of those 12 jurors are going to go home and find out that the Biden campaign held a presser on the -- outside the courthouse and basically saying, we hope you do the right thing in this trial.And the chef's kiss to it all was that deranged, demented, dwarf De Niro going off on that unhinged rant that felt like Biden wrote it, because it was so incoherent. But as Charlie said, it reeks of desperation. I mean, listen to that press conference. They were talking about lies about Trump and democracy, the January 6th hoax and abortion. That's all they have to run on. They can't run foreign policy. That's a disaster.They can't run on the economy, inflation, total disaster, southern border, dumpster fire. And you sense the panic rising because they thought this lawfare was going to take out Trump, and all of a sudden, he's thriving in fundraising, and he's thriving in the polls.PIRRO: And no question about it. And you know, Charlie, the amazing thing is, he says, you know, it's the end of my city, it's the end of the country, and it's the end of the world. People remember what it was like living under President Donald Trump. And I don't know, it's an incredibly high percentage. You said they had a better life.HURT: Yes, and we're sitting here watching this incredible situation where you have the president who is obviously as that points out, being harassed and kept in court during the campaign, but he takes the opportunity to visit construction workers in Manhattan and conduct that amazing, amazing rally last week in the Bronx, where he gave one of the finest political speeches I've ever heard about -- a hopeful speech about -- about the city of New York and about what these people have done to America.PIRRO: Yes.HURT: And how, you know, if a New York -- if a New Yorker can't fix this, nobody can.PIRRO: All right, Charlie and Ned, hold on. I want to bring in Laura Ingraham, host of the of The Ingraham Angle. She joins me now on the phone. Hello Laura, I hear you're at an airport or on a plane, somewhere.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Oh, yes, eight hour -- friendly skies of United Airlines, it wasn't so friendly today. But that's all right. Everybody was nice and patient. But I'm so sorry not to be on tonight. It was just literally no way I could get to the studio on time given what happened on the airline, with the weather, and mechanical problems.But I followed everything that was happening today and continues to happen in Manhattan. Judge, and I know you had the bird's eye view. What is going on in our country with the weaponization of the judicial system topped off with the spectacle of complete confirmation of what you and I have been saying all along that this was political from the outset.Obviously, I heard you talking about De Niro. We knew this. But they're so stupid. They just confirmed it for everybody today, and then it'll be confirmed again when Joe Biden speaks after the verdict is in. So --PIRRO: Right.INGRAHAM: We know this. We know this. There was no crime that was committed. A jury that is fairly instructed, and it doesn't look like this one will be. A jury that was fairly instructed would never be able to have a unanimous verdict for this, this penal statute that was business falsification of records. They had no predicate crime; they had no follow- on crime. This is a complete travesty from beginning to end. And I thought I was mad about the flight delays, but I'm really mad about this, because the country doesn't deserve this. The country needs -- deserves a real leader with a fair and equal justice system, Judge.PIRRO: You know, Laura, there are charges to a jury that I mean, there are standard jury charges.INGRAHAM: Yes.PIRRO: And I wanted to hope that those jury charges would be relatively standard. But when I hear about what the prosecution is being allowed to get away with, in their summation, it makes it clear to me that there is no way they can be -- there can be a fair charge to the jury. There's got to be adverse witness charges and missing witnesses, Weisselberg, Keith Schiller, they weren't allowed, and now they're talking about -- what's his name, Michael Cohen's conviction, and somehow, that should be interpreted against Donald Trump.They're talking about what David Pecker did in the non-prosecution agreement and that's got to be --INGRAHAM: Yes.PIRRO: -- attributable to Trump. It's the -- the whole thing is off the charts.INGRAHAM: Well, this, the idea that the jury can be told, and it looks like again, this is the way it's going to go that you don't have to -- have a crime specified.PIRRO: Right.INGRAHAM: For the follow-on crime. It can -- it can be a crime generally understood to be a fraud upon America, or as I love this quote, that he hoodwinked America in 2016. Last time I checked in the New York penal code, the word hoodwinked wasn't in there, right? So, this entire process, it lays bare the fraud upon the judicial system that Alvin Bragg, Matthew Colangelo, Judge Merchan, and the entire prosecution team, which I include the judge in, has perpetrated on this country, and we're supposed to -- we're supposed to sit back as people and say, oh, isn't this great? The wheels of justice are turning. No, the wheels of justice aren't turning, the wheels of justice are running over the American people right now. And it's a complete fraud.PIRRO: It is a fraud. And apparently, they're alleging the unlawful influence -- unlawfully influencing an election by suppressing stories. You and I both know that an NDA is not illegal, catch and kill is not illegal, and they showed how these cases were not catch and kill to begin with. And yet, you know, now the prosecution is up there identifying a crime that wasn't in the indictment, not in the Bill of Particulars, not in their opening statement, all of a sudden, they can say what they want after the defense is summed up.INGRAHAM: And the best of all, I think, is when the prosecution is arguing that you don't really have to believe Michael Cohen. You really don't have --PIRRO: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- to believe everything that Cohen says, because there's all this other evidence. What other evidence? What evidence --PIRRO: None.INGRAHAM: -- a photo with Keith Schiller, that was evidence that Donald Trump intended to have record falsified and, in a conspiracy, to affect or to overturn or interfere with the election. The only election interference that's going on right now is --PIRRO: Right.INGRAHAM: -- election interference in lower Manhattan, in that courtroom. Judge Merchan part of it, the prosecutions part of it. And as we saw today with the Biden henchmen sending Goodfellas down there, it's the Biden administration has been involved all along.PIRRO: Oh, there is no doubt.INGRAHAM: That's what America is facing right now in a court of law in lower Manhattan, where some of the greatest cases have been argued and some of the most incredibly talented prosecutors --PIRRO: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- have argued cases. This is a total black mark on the entire lower Manhattan courthouse and the District Attorney's Office in New York.PIRRO: Well, you know what? Alvin Bragg is an embarrassment to the greats like Hogan and Morgenthau, and it really is a sad commentary. When you see him into the jury room -- or coming into the courtroom and trying to show himself in front of the jury like this is so important while violent crime is being ignored.Laura, thank you so much. And thank you to Charlie and Ben.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Thank you for filling in tonight, Judge. And it's unfortunate to travel today in the United States. But thank you so much and best of luck for the rest of the show. We'll be listening.PIRRO: Thank you. Take care, Laura. Take care, guys. And up next, a big update on the left's latest sad attempt to delegitimize the Supreme Court over a flag.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's hard to believe, but this freak out over which flag Supreme Court Justice Alito flies at his homes is still ongoing. The most recent is the Appeal to Heaven flag, which was commissioned by George Washington and flew on military ships and atop San Francisco's City Hall a couple of years ago, and it even made an appearance on a U.S. postage stamp.But there was another flag that started it all and we're getting new details about it. The upside-down American flag flown at the Alito house for a couple days in January of 2021. The New York Times thought this was groundbreaking and linked it to January 6, calling it a stop the steal symbol.But in fact, the Washington Post knew about the flag back in 2021 and didn't report on it because, according to a spokesperson, quote, "the flag raising appeared to be the work of Martha Ann Alito rather than the justice and connected to a dispute with her neighbors, and that it was not clear then that the argument was even rooted in politics."So why did the New York Times feel the need to make this story? The answer is obvious.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: He definitively needs to recuse himself from any matter pending before the United States Supreme Court that has to do with the January 6 violent insurrection. He should have no part of it.UNKNOWN: I think the question is how many MAGA battle flags does the Supreme Court justice have to fly until the rest of the court takes it seriously?UNKNOWN: She recused. She recused.UNKNOWN: Absolutely.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Joining me now is Chris Landau, former Scalia and Thomas law clerk. And Chris Bedford, conservative columnist. All right. Chris Landau, I'll start with you. What are the rules as they relate to Supreme Court justices recusing themselves?CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER SCALIA AND THOMAS LAW CLERK: Well, listen, Judge, you don't want a justice recusing himself or herself unnecessarily. If the judge has a personal interest in the case, financially usually, or a close family member, then it's required.But, you know, these are preposterous allegations that really have nothing to do with this flag or with recusal. This is all just part of an attack on the court because it's the one institution that our ruling party does not control.PIRRO: You know, according to Jen Psaki, flying patriotic flags divides us. Take a look at this, Chris.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's becoming very difficult to imagine that Justice Alito is working within the bounds of impartiality and nonpartisanship that governs the Supreme Court. How can someone sworn to administer justice for all Americans fly the flags of the far-right movement that seeks to divide us?(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Chris Bedford, it's the same talking points over and over again from the left-wing media.CHRIS BEDFORD, CONSERVATIVE COLUMNIST: This is something that we've seen in Europe for years, and it's finally come here, which is an attempt to politicize and try to push off to the side just traditional acts of patriotism, like flying the Revolutionary Appeal to Heaven flag. Now, this is part of a routine now in seasonal Democrat strategy.Remember, it was spring 2022 when the Alito memo was leaked that ended up being the Dobbs decision to Politico. 4And it was the next spring when the New York Times, excuse me, ProPublica, started going after Clarence Thomas. And now it's this spring.And the reason for that is fourfold. It's the beginning of the Supreme Court's decision-making period, where they're going to be making all these calls and issuing these things. So, Democrats want to, one, apply pressure, see if they can change their vote. Two, kind of delegitimize whatever actual rulings they end up making.They want to get, three, maybe some changes to ethics where they can force an uneven level of recusals, force conservatives to recuse themselves, but not Democrats. And then finally, maybe even create the political conditions for court packing. This is an annual now in concerted strategy.PIRRO: All right, Chris and Chris, thanks so much for joining us tonight. And coming up, the unseen folly of De Niro's Biden buffoonery. And what are the president and Kamala up to in the meantime? Raymond Arroyo has it all in Seen and Unseen, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time for Seen and Unseen, where we reveal the story behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo in our L.A. Bureau. Now, Raymond, Robert De Niro had a rough time with the counter protesters today.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, Judge, as you covered earlier, the Academy Award winner lambasted Trump. And then he announced a new ad, which he voiced for the Biden campaign. And as car alarms blared, De Niro not only made his campaign pitch, but he challenged Trump supporters present. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I hope this new ad campaign reaches outside the bubble to remind supporters of what a danger he is to our lives. Excuse me.(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: They lied on the road. What do you say? They're traitors. I don't even know how to deal with you, my friend.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Judge, when I first saw this, I thought it was outtakes from Dirty Grandpa, that old De Niro movie, or Killers of the Electoral Monsoon. Look, it was a tragic display from one of our once great actors. He's destroying his reputation.And the question is, why do it for Biden at this stage in the campaign?PIRRO: Well, you know, the amazing part of it is the guy is convinced, De Niro is convinced that he speaks for New York City. I love New York City. De Niro, what have you done for New York City? I mean, you know, you're an L.A. guy.Plus, you know, I don't think this guy has a brain. But the fact that he had to read from a script is what he was going to say. And by the way, did you notice when he first got out of the car, Raymond, he had a mask on? I'm like --ARROYO: Oh, I did see that. Well, you never know. Look, Judge, that COVID, it can get you at any moment. Who knows? Could be making a return visit.And look, any citizen can speak out. We defend anyone to speak out publicly. But when you trade your fame as an actor and become a campaign surrogate, and then you challenge voters and insult them, you're going to hear from them. Boy, did De Niro hear from those New Yorkers? Watch.(END VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We're trying to be gentlemen in this world. The Democrats. You are gangsters. You are gangsters. You're watching.(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: You're a little punk. You're a nobody. You're trash.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Isn't that a lovely way to win over voters, Judge, at an official campaign event, yelling F.U. at them? I mean, maybe he's auditioning to play the lead in the upcoming Biden miniseries, The War with Grandpa. He knows enough about that topic.And whatever the case, De Niro should have read the Cardi B rock, and Charlemagne tha God memo. This season, leave politics to the voters and be quiet.PIRRO: Well, you know, the amazing part of it, Raymond, is that he basically says to the people out there, F.U. And, you know, and he also says, you know, you're gangsters. But the truth is, he's the one who's always playing a gangster.And then he starts -- if he could have, he would have fought. He's a punk. But anyway, Raymond, you see this as folly on the part of the Biden campaign.ARROYO: Well, I do because, you know, look, they're turning to a Hollywood star to be their spokesman at a time when, as an industry insider told me this morning, that this industry is disconnected from the American people, Judge.And as evidence, this Memorial Day weekend was the worst box office in three decades. Both new releases, Garfield and a movie called Furiosa, a Mad Max saga, sagged at the box office.Why? Garfield was just not funny. And Furiosa is offering up a Mad Max story without Mad Max. Audiences do not want to see a female lead in that franchise.And look, it's like going to a Barbie movie where G.I. Joe is the lead, and Barbie stays in her Malibu dream house. And Biden thinks this is -- this is the -- these are the people that are going to somehow deliver him a reelection? I think not.PIRRO: Well, the crazy part of it is, and I think I said this earlier, while they're bleeding women, they're bleeding minorities, the Democrats, and bleeding blacks, they bring out this old geezer and they think that he's going to be able to, you know, convince people, yeah, Joe Biden's the man. But, you know, what do I know?ARROYO: And he's so angry. I mean, that's the wacky thing. I mean, my good. He's unhinged. He's almost as unhinged as Biden is at some of these events. He also is, you know, prone to yell at union workers and yell at workers who challenge him. We saw the same thing from his avatar, Robert De Niro here. It didn't play well, and it won't.PIRRO: And it won't. And believe me, I was down at the courthouse today. It doesn't. Raymond, thanks so much for being with us tonight. And it is almost 8 P.M. and the prosecution is still giving their closing arguments. Harris Faulkner reacts next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: The jury has been listening for more than five hours to the prosecution droning on and on about a crime that is yet to be proven. Good news for the jurors, though. The judge gave the prosecution until 8 P.M., minutes from now, to wrap up.Joining me now is Harris Faulkner, host of the Faulkner Focus and co-host of Outnumbered. She also has a new special, Vietnam Footsteps of My Father, available right now exclusively on Fox Nation.All right, Harris. It seems that the prosecution has gone on for almost triple the amount of time that the defense summation has, and it appears that the judge is more receptive to the prosecution going beyond the testimony that was given today.HARRIS FAULKNER, FAULKNER FOCUS HOST: You are so kind with your words. I'm just going to say it. Look, I was on at 11 A.M., and we were an hour and a half into the defense closing arguments, and we knew that we weren't that far away because the defense attorney said, you know, we're going to wrap this up in about 30 minutes.This thing has gone on forever, and they -- and you've been talking about it, I've been watching you this hour. They had much broader ground to run on, you know. I mean, it is an unfairness that's epic. But now we know what the crime is because the prosecution says the Stormy Daniels payoff, this is how the closing arguments went from the prosecutor just moments ago.He said the violation comes from that payoff, that he said came from Cohen making excessive campaign contribution by paying her and then getting reimbursed. Of course, Cohen's real motivation, according to the defense, was to protect Trump's family.And judge, we know that that's true because Hope Hicks testified to that, and Bob Costello did. So, no rational argument that Cohen's payment to Stormy Daniels would have been made if it were not for the election is what the prosecution is saying.PIRRO: Well, you know, the crazy part about all this, Harris, is the crazy part is the fact that no one, no one has testified that Donald Trump was anywhere near the invoices or the checks and the disbursements or the vouchers. No one. So how is there a crime?FAULKNER: That's right. So, the way that the prosecution has put a bow on this in the last hour is to say that you don't have to prove, or the prosecution doesn't have to prove that Trump did anything, he just had to have the intent to defraud. He had to have the intent to violate the Federal Election Campaign Act. He had the intent to do that.Judge, that doesn't make any sense. I mean, that doesn't work for the rest of us, does it? Because if it does, that means every time you think that somebody else thinks that they've done something, you got them. That's not justice for all.PIRRO: That's a basis for appeal. But I want to read this. The New York Times is reporting that the Biden campaign social media team has said early discussions about whether to brand Trump as a convicted felon in its post. And also, I understand that they may have just wrapped up.And how much is Biden relying, Harris, on a Trump conviction to prop up his faltering campaign?FAULKNER: A hundred percent, which is why for the first time in all of this, they put out on the day the closing arguments began today, notice that the United States president will speak on the verdict not from a political stump, Judge, but from the White House.They want to elevate this to the point where it doesn't smell so much like politics and looks like a presidential move to talk about another president who's been convicted. We don't know what that jury is going to decide, but there are two people on that jury that are going to see things potentially very differently because they're attorneys. We don't know.I think a hundred percent Biden's all in on being able to use that label convict, and as you said, they'll probably win on appeal anyway if they get the conviction, but that will come likely after November.So, it will help Democrats either way, because if it happens after November, they won't care.PIRRO: All right. Well, I'm just finding out now that court is going to resume tomorrow at 10 A.M. when the jury will be charged. And Harris, I want to thank you for being with us tonight. Remember to check out Vietnam, Footsteps of My Father, which is available right now on Fox Nation. It's great, folks. I've seen it.That's it for us tonight. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro, in for Laura. Thanks for watching. Jesse Watters takes it from here.