SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Hopefully, somebody on this jury will see this for what it is. Anyway it's a political warfare. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg is next. See you tomorrow.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. To be honest, I expected a little more, but OK. Happy Tuesday, everybody. So yesterday, Americans celebrated Memorial Day, and squad members Ilhan Omar and Cory Bush posted tweets confusing it with Veterans Day. That's still not as bad as when they thought Labor Day was a holiday for pregnant men.But, Ilhan reminded us that Memorial Day was still a great weekend to spend with the family and the in-laws, who, in her case, are the same people. She married her brother. I'm not sure, but I think she did. Anyway, according to a new report in Politico, Democrats are in full blown freakout about Joe Biden's chances in November.Not about the election, but whether he'll be alive. Terrible. You disgust me. Hillary Clinton is now blaming women for her loss in 2016. Yeah, she tends to do that, responded one observer. Former actor, Robert De Niro, got in to a confrontation outside Donald Trump's New York trial, shouting at a heckler, you're an effing idiot.De Niro later apologized saying, he thought it was his agent. Some bad movie choices. Last week, a biological male won the girls championship at the Washington State High School track and field meet. He told reporters the secret to winning was pretending he was a girl. At least she is honest.Rashida Tlaib spoke at an event connected to a group of, the U.S. regards as a foreign terror organization. However, the group's denouncers and supporters, both agreed Tlaib should totally cover her face. I know. I agree.A new study claims the average American spends over two hours a day dream scrolling, that is looking at pictures of things they'd like to own one day. True. I always look at the same thing.Do you have a problem with it? Don't kink shame. Angel Hernandez, the worst umpire in Major League Baseball has retired. Yeah. He plans to spend his retirement with a beautiful luscious, voluptuous, blonde. See, he's got bad eyesight. That was the joke. You'll laugh on the way home.Finally, today is National Hamburger Day. To celebrate, guess who insisted on working from home. I get it. All right. Can Democrat women leave men alone? Isn't that what we men want really?Just do our jobs, help when we can, but get out of the way when we're no longer needed, like an airport wheelchair or an Iranian helicopter. But, on the view recently, a collection of angry female Dems pounced on a guy like he was the last free sample at Costco.(BEGIN VIDEO CILP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Charlamagne now is not the time in my opinion to sit this one out.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, AMERICAN RADIO HOST: Yeah, I didn't say that. I never said I was saying it out. Why do y'all need us to say this? If we don't feel comfortable saying.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, no, it's not that we need you to say it. And I think -- I think other folks need to hear.GOD: The reality is, I think both candidates are trash. So, because -- because I'm -- but, I am going to vote in November, and I'm going to vote in my best interest, and I'm going to vote who I think, you know, can preserve Democracy. You know, when you look at somebody like President Biden, it feels like his base is pretty pissed off at him for a number of - -UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Help him out. Help him out.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, no, I actually --(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: The only way they could have applied more pressures if they sat on him. But, I mean, no, it's just a natural fact. It's science. But of all people, they should know that you catch more flies with honey, because they eat flies.Anyway, it made me wonder if you were a bunch of guys and I'm still not sure they're not. Would they have done the same thing? What if it were a show called the Garage, where dudes interview another guy over politics?What would they do if one of them disagreed? Would they harangue him like he came home, smelling home, like, smelling of cheap perfume with stripper glitter stuck to his face? No, they wouldn't argue for hours or all night, they'd wait till he fell asleep, and put his hand in warm water.That's because men just want to help, and then, be left alone. And the New Democratic Party, a mix of Karen's and HKex, driven by too much estrogen across both genders won't let them, and those who bail on the Dems in favor of Trump, they get called stupid. Listen to Anna Navarro, talking about Trump's rally in the Bronx.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANA NAVARRO, NICARAGUAN-AMERICAN STRATEGIST AND COMMENTATOR: There are some Latino immigrants who forget they came here as immigrants, and who want to shut the door behind them. And who think being anti-immigrant somehow is going to make them pass as more American pass as whatever. And that's a very stupid attitude to have.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: The only people, and as she called stupid, are those who think she's still a Republican, or that her husband straight. The fact is, I don't know. I don't know. I just am raising questions. The fact is the real reason for the shift in numbers from the Democratic Party to Trump, Blacks, Hispanics, working class, Whites, is not spilled out by the media for good reason, because, it's men leading the Exodus. It's not race, it's gender, and it's a race to the exits by men who are fleeing the Democrat party like it's a bikini carwash full of sixes.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I'd probably stay.GUTFELD: The fact is, men don't feel welcome, for apparently committing the cardinal sin of actually wanting to be men. And that's only a sin if you're a biological male. If you're a chick who wants a (BEEP) would hand you a Jimmy Dean pork sausage, some super glue and shout, you go girl.Disgusting, because to the world, there's nothing sexier than a ballerina with a five o'clock shadow. But look who's running most of the Trump investigations, women, and look at the liberal judges coddling criminals, women, look at the squad. Women.I know they look like a barbershop quartet from Damascus. But, trust me, they're women. And look at Joe Biden. If he has any balls left there in a mason's jar in Jill's shoe closet. Look, who's leading the campus protests, pampered, elite, but unhinged chicks?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(CROWD SHOUTING, PROTESTING) We want liberation here. (inaudible).(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Girls, girls, girls, there's enough Hamas for everybody. Usually, when I see that many screaming women, it's because Kudlow's robe fell open. But, it reminds me of the angry women shouting at people for not wearing masks during COVID, and powered by misdirected anger and newly given authority.Now, women are forking over as much as eight grand for therapy that has some express rage by breaking things. Excuse me, why not just let them drive. Meanwhile, the women who had the support of all women now is turned on them once again. Hillary now blames 2016 on female voters, because they expected her to be perfect.Darling, no one expected you to be perfect, only honest, hard-working and innocent of murder. Now, Sonia Sotomayor says, she sometimes goes to her chambers and cries after a Supreme Court really does -- ruling doesn't go her way. Also, when Brett Kavanaugh tells her, he just wants to be friends.Bottom line is, the Democratic Party becomes female, the Republican Party becomes more male, but you need men and women together to make things work, two halves work better as a whole. If it's only men, you get war, crime, pornography, dwarf tossing, often in the same bar.If it's only women, you get terrible laws that excuse the insanity that I just mentioned. But, put them together, they make sweet, sweet music. Music that we used to call civilization. So, men, keep trying to make that sweet sound. And women, put on a sweater if you're cold.Let's welcome Tonight's guests. If you're not excited by this guest, then you ain't Black; author of Get Honest Or Die Lying, Why Small Talk sucks, Charlamagne tha God. She comes out shooting if you had server gluten, host of Kennedy Saves the World podcast, Kennedy.She's like Ernest Hemingway, she writes books, and shouldn't be near a shotgun. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News, Kat Timpf. There you go. And he refers to the Grand Canyon as the, just OK Canyon; New York Times bestselling author and comedian, and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus. Charlamagne, congratulations on the new book.GOD: Thank you. You must have amazing security. Jesus, right. You must have amazing security and you must not care about none of your women viewers.GUTFELD. No, but women, they love me, because I speak the truth. Charlamagne.GOD: OK.GUTFELD: But, the thing is, I only talk in small talk, because I'm a very tiny person. I barely break five feet.GOD: Really, I'm five six, though.GUTFELD: Yeah. Well, that's good. That's good. So, when -- is this book out now?GOD: Yes, it's out right now. Get Honest or Die Lying: Why Small Talk Sucks.GUTFELD: Yeah, why does small talk suck?GOD: Um, because I think we spend too much time making micros, macros, especially in this era of social media. Like you probably go online right now, and see like three or four things trending. And you're like, what the hell are these people even talking about?And I think that, what happens is, we make these micros macros so much so that, when it comes to the actual macros, the things we shouldn't be discussing, we either don't or don't know how to.GUTFELD: We can't tell the difference anymore.GOD: Yeah. Everything is on the same scale.GUTFELD: Yeah, exactly. I actually get super angry over the stupidest thing. And then, something horrible happens. And I'm like, yeah, whatever.GOD: Exactly.GUTFELD: Yeah. Because I'm an idiot, though.GOD: Exactly. Yeah, so, that's what this book is for. This book is for people who just want to have bigger discussions about things. And it's giving people permission to be like, no, I don't want to have the small talk right now.Like, you know, sometimes somebody will sit by you, and you know, what, if you want to have like, that little small chit chatter, you know, talking about a whole bunch of nothing. You can feel free to tell them Charlamagne said, hey, we don't have to do this right now.GUTFELD: Yeah. Did you -- before I move on, did you feel at The View that it was unfair that they expected you to commit publicly to your vote?GOD: No, I didn't feel like it was unfair. The thing that -- that bothers me about shows like The View, and it's not a bother, it's just the media in general sometimes, like, the left doesn't really know how to push their narrative, like one thing I always get the right credit for is, they know how to push a narrative.The narrative is, you know, Black people are leaving, the Democratic Party or, you know, Donald Trump's numbers with Black voters are looking like they're going to be 22 percent, or whatever it is, which I think is a little bit overstated.Whatever, you know, soundbite they can get, the push that narrative they will. So if I say, Joe Biden is an uninspiring candidate with no main character energy, which I really truly believe he is, they'll take that. Fox will run that all day long, they won't --GUTFELD: You're welcome.GOD: But, I happen -- I happen to be, you know, one of the one in four, who doesn't like either candidate in America. And like, I think that, you know, I'm just also part of the exhausted majority in this country. It's not about Democrats, it's not about Republicans. I'm just sick of it. Oh.GUTFELD: That's a great adjective. Exhausted. I do think people are exhausted.GOD: I got that from a man, Tim Ryan -- Kim Ryan.GUTFELD: Yeah. OK. Well, he's a nice fellow. You know, Kennedy, you're a woman or so you claim.KENNEDY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: What? I did push two babies out my full hog, right.GUTFELD: Yes. But as far as I can tell --TYRUS: Do you identify us? Was making, I got to ask.GUTFELD: Yes.MONTGOMERY: You know what? I'm going to be honest, it depends who's paying me.TYRUS: I'd like to go back to the book. You don't have to make this conversation happen, right.GUTFELD: What do you -- what do you make of the idea that it's mostly men that are leaving the party?MONTGOMERY: I mean, you know, and I've told you this before, my older teenage daughter, all of her girlfriends are now conservatives. They identify as conservatives. They make people mad by being conservative.That's why it didn't surprise me with you know, places like UCLA, My Alma Mater, I was disgusted by how they handled the protests, which weren't protest, but it was no surprise that the people who were on the right side, in my view, were like fraternity boys in South, because they're like, we've had enough of this, and they are exhausted, they're exhausted, because they are told that they are oppressors.They're told that they are misogynist, they're told that no matter what they do on a college campus, there should be an action against them, that there's not civil discourse between men and women, like men only take, and it's just simply not true.But we've gotten to a point where men are really mad at women, as you can see from your dialog, but women are really mad at men, because they weren't given a choice, would you rather be in a forest with a bear or a man? And most women said, the bear. What the hell is wrong with you?TYRUS: Because they've never been in the dam forest. Because if they've been in a forest, then you (BEEP) around a squirrel.MONTGOMERY: No, if you show a bear your (BEEP), he's going to eat you.GUTFELD: It was a trick question.MONTGOMERY: Never mind, actually (inaudible).TYRUS: Thank you.GUTFELD: Trick question, the bear and the man with the same person.GOD: But, the bear is not going to eat her because she's a woman, he is going to eat because he's hungry.MONTGOMERY: Exactly right.GOD: Yeah, yeah, yeah.GUTFELD: I think we solved a lot of major problems here, one of them being, world hunger. Kat, do you want to comment on the fact that Hillary is now (BEEP) on women again?GOD: She (BEEP) like you did. You don't want to get at her.GUTFELD: I love women. Some take too much.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I would like to say, like, I have -- I have (BEEP) run by a lot of Democratic women. But I've also been (BEEP) run by a lot of conservative women do. So, I'm also part of the one in four. Right. And I think that what I saw in that interview, too, was just on a larger scale, I think that -- in my book that comes out in September.I write about this a lot, this binary thinking of, you're either for Trump, or you're for Biden. And I think what's worse is, let's say you're for Trump, people then think, OK, so, if you're not for Trump, then that means you're against me as a human being.And I think that that's so dangerous, because we're missing out on all these things where we can be talking about actual issues, and not just arguing over these two dudes over and over, and actually writing each other off over people that like don't even know we exist.GUTFELD: Exactly. People you don't talk to, people you don't see, but you see online, and they somehow matter more to you than the actual people you see every day. Tyrus, as a man --TYRUS: OK.GUTFELD: What advice can you give to women who are literally destroying their own party?TYRUS: None.GUTFELD: There you go.TYRUS: Absolutely nothing at all. When I see (BEEP) just get quiet. I didn't write the book. But, anyone who's been in the household on Thanksgiving, when all the women get together at the table, if you're not in front of the football screen, or getting your ass to pretend like you're washing some dishes, you're going to be in for a long day at that table, because we're facts based.That's the general -- the general argument men has facts, when we greet say, hello, what's up? I'm good. You good? Cool. Lifted today? Yeah. All right. Catch up later on, that takes us what? 15 seconds tops? Same conversation with a woman, it's 45 minutes.And the whole time she's going to be like, I don't know where I want to eat, do you won't have a beer, that you'll say beer, you get the like, you know, maybe I should have one, because women have more fillings than guys, that's why we don't get involved.We stay out. Plus, to your point, there is no more talking and discussing. Everyone has made their line. We're all in echo chambers now. Nobody's listening. No one's is saying, hey, man, I just heard a great argument. And you know, I'm going to vote Democratic this year, I heard a great argument. I'm going to go Republican. You know what? I don't like either candidate.I'm going to go -- I'm going to vote independent or whatever, or just write a name in there. You can't do that now, because as soon as you say that, oh, you're not with me? You're against me. The only thing I had issue with Whoopi was I didn't like her phrasing of words to him, because I felt like she was saying, there are other people now as an actor, knowing when sometimes this -- how you vote, or how you talk about your social issues, will affect you getting jobs and stuff.And I just felt that was hypocritical of going like, well, other people, you just say it for other people. You had to change your damn name to get auditions from the same group.You're demanding that he comes out in support, and that, I have problem that, I rather be unemployed and sleep well at night with my beliefs than (inaudible) and come on the show, and they'd be like, you bend the knee. And when you say respectfully, I don't bend the knee to anybody. That's where all the problems come from, because we're done talking.GOD: Yeah. And they assume that I wasn't voting just because I said I was - -TYRUS: Exactly, that's my point.GOD: That never happened. I do -- I agree with something Kat said so much, where she talked about how we should be discussing issues, not individuals.If we're in a presidential election year where people aren't, you know, feeling either one of the candidates, shouldn't we be talking about issues more than individuals, because as soon as you bring up either one of those individuals names, it's like oh.MONTGOMERY: Done.GOD: But, if we talk about issue, we can have actual conversation.MONTGOMERY: But the problem is, with issues, you cannot other -- people, if you actually agree on things, and if you talk about issues, you will find commonality. And that is deadly to a two-party systemGUTFELD: Exactly. Now, we got to move on. All right. Up next, De Niro's career went south, but he can't shut his mouth by the book.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: De Niro babbles outside Trump trial. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT DE NIRO, AMERICAN ACTOR AND FILM PRODUCER: I love this city. I don't want to destroy it. Donald Trump wants to destroy not only the city, but the country. And eventually, he could destroy the world. I don't mean to scare you. No, no, wait, maybe I do mean to scare you.If Trump returns to the White House, you can kiss these freedoms goodbye, that we all take for granted. And the elections, forget about it. Do we want him running this country and saying, I'm not leaving, I'm dictator for life. The only way to preserve our freedoms and hold on to our humanity is to vote for Joe Biden, for President.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're trying to be gentlemen in this world, the Democrats.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're washed up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You are gansters. You are gansters. You're washed up. (BEEP) you.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: That would be a compliment to me, Tyrus, if De Niro called me a gangster.TYRUS: Yeah. Literally, he's the leading expert in every theatrical film (inaudible). We got that pretty much online. But, this is -- this goes back to my point, who was he speaking to?GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUSL Speaking -- it's the echo chamber. And when you -- and the argument that everyone's holding, even when Bill Maher was on the argument that they're really holding on to, you know, he's not going to release power. As if this isn't the United States of America. Our military is the number one, two, three, four and five.He was (BEEP) around to find out real quick, if I'm not leaving, the same guys that protected will be the same ones in handcuffs walking his (BEEP) out. That's not how this country works, it's ridiculous. And I know, maybe, I was the only one there. He's already been President and lost. And he was out.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: And even all the stuff -- and he had every right, in my opinion, to question things, when you spent, and I guess, I always look at it from my own perspective. Whenever I had a job where I was in someplace where I was doing well, but everyone around me was, like, he wasn't the plan, or I don't want him here.So, and I'm always hearing things, and they made a Russian, the whole thing, a whole fake thing and all the fake things that we're doing, the two ridiculous impeachments, and then, I lose the election, just as natural, just as a human being, you're going to be like the system that's been trying to kick me out the whole time.This dude, who all of a sudden, got 81 million votes, you're going to have a natural, like this is BS. Look, anyone who gets not promoted at work. They don't always just go, I need to be better.Like, you know what? It was Susan, and accounting, and it was Gutfeld writing emails about me, they look to blame as a whole thing to take me down. And this is the same thing.GUTFELD: I did that once. I did that once.TYRUS: Yes, you did that once. Yeah.GUTFELD: I wrote one fricking email.TYRUS: Hazy email. But there's my point is, like, he did things that any other person would do who was in his situation.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: But it didn't matter how he felt because Pence was like, you got to go. And that was it.GOD: I've never seen another president trying to an attempted coup in his country, though.TYRUS: (inaudible) I saw a president who was pissed off and lost the game, just like my team was. He lost it. He didn't care. He said bad things. He made dumb statements. But, if he was making a coup, we would have seen it.GOD: But, those dumb statements rile people up and didn't cause them to go rush.GUTFELD: What he did say, protest peacefully. And it's a lousy coup. You don't have any guns.TYRUS: He handled January 6 about as bad as you possibly could.GOD: Yeah.TYRUS: I'll give you that. But as far as that's what they're holding on, when we literally have people groups now bussing in any government building, and demanding this, demanding that, they're not treating the same thing. They didn't have to hire a team from Hollywood to tell us the story.Truth comes out. You don't need fancy camera angles. And this that whatever, January 6 was ugly, it was stupid. But, it wasn't to the level. That's all they're running on, where the rest of us are, like, yeah, it happened, it (BEEP), what about my eggs? $8? What about my gas prices? What about my kids getting good schools?GUTFELD: Kat, what do you -- did you think De Niro helped or -- by the way, so it's weird that he can take you to a pressure outside of court.TIMPF: I'm almost to the point where I'm running out of takes on his takes, you know, like, the same thing he says, honestly, what sticks out to me about it, as -- it's actually as unhinged as it was, in my opinion, it was less unhinged than some of the things we saw maybe from the Governor of New York, who then goes after the voters or --GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: -- the people who support Trump. He just went after Trump and if people don't fear is, is a very motivating thing, for people, people know that, where but for me, I mean, I -- whenever I hear, like, someone trying to make me afraid then I'm immediately kind of turned off from what they're trying to say just because I know that that's a tool that people use it to control you, and turn you away from other people.But, it's actually I think that we're in a sad situation when that's -- that's not the most extreme rhetoric that I've heard. So at least he went after Trump. He keeps going after Trump over and over and over again at a certain point. Yeah -- yeah -- no, I'm getting the vibe, he doesn't like the guy.GUTFELD: Kennedy, something personal happened. What is going on? You know, you've got your ear to the ground literally.MONTGOMERY: Well, when -- when Robert De Niro and I were dancing Cheek to Cheek, just a weeks ago in our favorite Gin Joint. He confessed to me that he spurned my love because he has a secret love for Donald Trump. OK. People don't want to let go of power. People don't want to concede when they have lost, it's incredibly painful, especially, when you have made it to the summit.Hillary Clinton is evidence of that. She still can't let the election go. And she didn't even win. Imagine -- and Hillary Clinton's one piece of advice for Joe Biden, when it was so close, in the closing days of the 2020 election, she was whatever you do, don't concede. That was her advice to Joe Biden, so the worst thing I ever did was concede to Donald Trump.She didn't have any power, and she still can't let go of it. Imagine if she won in 2016, but then, lost to Trump in 2020. She's the one who would still be barricaded behind the resolute desk, wrapped in Kevlar and snotty tissues, like, she's the one who was incapable of letting go. And I think the human ego is just like that.GUTFELD: Yeah.MONTGOMERY: But, he also -- he left. He's gone. He's not President right now, but he wants to be, again, really, really badly.GUTFELD: Last word.GOD: Yeah. Let the record show, I totally agree with Robert De Niro. I am one of those people that suffer from Trump derangement syndrome. I think he is a threat to democracy. I think that he led an attempted coup in his country. You know, he said he wanted to suspend the constitution to overthrow the results of an election. At the least that's just not a patriotic thing to say.GUTFELD: I don't believe that.GOD: He absolutely said that (inaudible).GUTFELD: I will look that up.GOD: He did. He did -- he said, we should suspend the Constitution to overthrow the results of an election. He said (inaudible) he didn't say it. So listen, I read project 25, I'm one of those guys, just like, I don't know if he will necessarily leave. I hope he does. As you said --TYRUS: Yeah.GOD: I hope he does.TYRUS: Yes, I think even if he -- I think this happens more with our presidents because now we can see everything and Trump made everything so transparent because he was on TV every day and everyone was watching the cameras. I'm willing to bet, and again, I'm not justifying the bad behavior of January 6th, but I'm willing to bet every president when he got the note that was not -- when he was out, they were calling everybody like, can we fix this? Are we sure?And I think given the fact that Biden was such -- Biden's biggest claim to fame was he got to be Barack Obama's V.P. And it was more -- I voted for Barack Obama twice. I voted for Trump, it looks like it's going to be three times now. But the point is, like it was the greatness of Barack that helped him over. Now that there's no more Barack, this is all Biden's presidency, and it's been embarrassing.So people are like, are we willing to back to a poor sport who at least was getting our taxes right, or a wandering fool who is letting the worst part of the Democratic Party get their stuff passed him because he doesn't have --CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Neither. We deserve better. The American people deserve better from both parties.GUTFELD: I'm not running, though.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, we've got to move on.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: There would be now women in your cabinet.GUTFELD: I'll have you know I have lots of women in my cabinet.James Carville groans, whatever.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Democrats get bludgeoned by a liberal curmudgeon. Veteran political strategist and hairless goblin James Carville trash-talked his fellow Dems in our video the day. Roll it, Agatha.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: We keep wondering why these young people aren't coming home to the Democrats, why blacks are not coming home to the Democrats. Because Democratic messaging is full of -- that's why. And talk about the cost of living and we're going to help deal with this. And don't talk about -- Gaza and student loans.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Kennedy, Kennedy, that nice little old lady is making some since.KENNEDY: He really is.GUTFELD: Such a gentle lesbian. What's her name?KENNEDY: It's like a Gollum with boobies.GUTFELD: Why aren't they listening to him?KENNEDY: Why aren't they listening to him?GUTFELD: Yes.KENNEDY: Because he's bashing their message. That's all they got is the messaging they're running on now, but it falls on deaf ears when people can't afford things. And then when you have the president go on CNN and say inflation was nine percent when I took office, now it's negative 40, and it's like none of that is true. All people know is their own pain. He's supposed to be an empathetic person. He's not coming off as empathetic at all.And you don't get any play as a Democrat if you sit around and go yes, Joe Biden is great. He's really amazing. No one is going to clip that and show it to the world. But if you're one of the few Democrats like David Axelrod going, yes, guys, the messaging isn't working and we are going to lose, this isn't 2020, then people start to pay attention, but not the people who can actually affect the messaging. They still have their heads comfortably up the first keister.GUTFELD: Charlamagne, I feel like they put all their eggs in the trial basket, and it's having a reverse effect. It's not like they were hoping, if he gets found guilty, but his numbers are still going up.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: You are absolutely right. James Carville is absolutely right. What I've been saying over and over is they spend so much time telling America how bad Donald Trump is but not enough time saying they feel what President Biden has done right. And then when you know they're constituents be like, what has President Biden done and where has the vice president been? We would know if you didn't spend all your time on MSNBC, CNN, and on your social media feeds just constantly pumping out Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump. That's not an effective strategy, if you ask me.GUTFELD: Yes. Kat, what's the solution, then, for the Democrats? When you're frustrated -- by the way, he is married to a Republican. Maybe that's why he's sensible.TIMPF: I think part of the problem is, too, with social media, I think a lot of the most extreme voices get the most attention, and I think if you look at it a lot a popular left-wing account on social media is how the average American maybe leans left is thinking. I think that kind of works in both ways. But with the Democrats they do kind of eat their own a lot, right. If somebody could be -- if there's one issue where maybe they're off or they're not speaking about something in the right way, then that can make that person, that person is shamed and you shouldn't listen to that person anymore.TIMPF: So I think that the average -- we are all in this, right. We're all reading news issues as part of our daily lives. Most people look around them, and maybe the issues that are important to them, they don't your people talking about it at all.GUTFELD: Tyrus, I feel like he's like a therapist to the Democrats. Democrats are like a patient. And he's just tired of their constant whining without actually doing the work that a therapist would tell you to do.TYRUS: I kind of look at it more like he's a grandfather trying to smarten you up. I think policing your own party, there needs to be more of it. I always get in trouble for calling out Republicans on their and the same thing when he's telling you this stuff, but he's speaking, and it's changing, it's changing.But I think the Democrats, the one thing Democrats do well is they know how to play with a lead. Republicans can't keep a lead. They'll get up 25 and be down two with a minute to go. That's just the Republican Party. We can't play with it. We do dumb -- like we're supposed to have a red wave, and then we go after Roe versus Wade. What? You couldn't have waited? We just don't, we don't play well with leads.So him shooting, we need to have more that on this side, where policing your own is always better, because him talking trash about Republicans, no one cares. We're paying attention, but what the problem is, is that he is a Democrat. And I can sit down and debate be cool with a Democrat even though our stuff is different because all my voting is based off my tax bracket. So if my -- goes downhill then I will probably be a Democrat, but I'm trying to go up. So I'm going to watch my taxes.But the point is that when Carville speaks to that, he's speaking to the older part of the Democratic Party. The progressives are different. The only guy they were willing to listen to was Bernie Sanders. And then he became obsolete. So now they're running underneath our president. Joe Biden is the greatest progressive president of all time because he has not idea what he's saying. Because old Joe was Mr. Three Strikes. He was worse on law and order than any Republican. He was part of that plan.And another thing that bothers me that they're so happy with their lead is Kamala Harris has got no opportunities. This should have been the time for her to be out speaking on every TV show, showing I'm ready to go, I'm next. But they are like we don't need to take risks because we got 81 million last vote, Republicans had, what, 72, something like that, how it worked out. So they think they can keep that lead by just saying remember how bad he is, and we don't have to be right --CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I don't think they have a lead. I don't think they have a lead.TYRUS: Polls are -- people don't even answer their phones anymore. So when I see polls and stuff, it sounds good, but until the day of the vote, because everyone will say stuff. They'll stay stuff until they are blue in the face and then they'll go vote, because you vote in that little box by yourself.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: The reason I start looking at polls now, because Trump can say the wildest -- he's got all of these criminal charges. It shouldn't even seem like it's going to be close, but the fact that we don't know what's going to happen in November, that would have me saying last year, hey, man, are the Biden-Harris ticket, is that a winnable ticket? I think that's a fair question to ask.TYRUS: Are they going to be the team?GUTFELD: All right, we've got to break. Coming up, a corporate rap that sounded like crap.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Coming to a television near you, it's time for Cringe Theatre.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: A company from down under delivers a rap blunder. The Australian tech company Canva recently held a corporate event in L.A. where they celebrated the launch of new products with a rap song. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You redesign your work, you got that glow up. We redesign everything from the floor up. Customize your workspace and make it your own. Now you making magic when you up in the zone.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But what about me?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Who is you?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: A CIO from an enterprise team. And I have some doubts.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Security.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's right, and I'd like to have some certainty. It's nice that you've got some pretty, shiny things, but can you meet the demands of a global machine? We get pretty high stakes to air, we need more than a cute little post to share.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No training on your work without your permission. Safe and secure if that's what you wishing.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Now we around the rise. Let's go!(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: What did you make of that?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I didn't. I didn't.(LAUGHTER)CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I didn't give two -- after the first two bars. I was like -- that seemed like that somebody would do a presidential campaign.GUTFELD: I think the problem is, Kat, is that everybody thinks they can rap. Like, it's like, this segment, we should rap it. And then they do it and it's terrible.TIMPF: It kind of reminds me of a performance that my friends and I would put on for my parents to try to convince them to have a sleepover, and then they'd say no.GUTFELD: You guys did performances for sleepovers?TIMPF: Yes.GUTFELD: Wow.TIMPF: Yes, but also I think they probably had tryouts for this. And I just want to say congrats to whoever didn't get in.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Because now you don't need to have your face here.TYRUS: There's no coming back from that.TIMPF: Yes, exactly.TYRUS: Sorry, Tyrus, you didn't make the squad. What?GUTFELD: Obviously, they know that it's going to get out. Nothing ever, ever doesn't get out, even from Australia.TYRUS: This is why lip syncers always win the high school talent contest. They stay in their zone. They go with something that sounds good, and they just moves their mouth. Like these guys are really pretty proud of this. They put this together. Come on, Gutfeld, we've got to stop being negative. Every time a special needs group comes out and wants to do something, everybody wants to make fun of them. Listen, you know how much courage to go out there when you know you have no talent.GUTFELD: What?TYRUS: You can't color coordinate anything. I didn't say it was good, I didn't say I would even stay through it. But at least if I saw them in the hallway, I'd be like you are so -- brave. I would not go out there. You want me to sing opera? I can't sing opera. You don't want to try? No, I've got too much self-respect.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Tyrus, you're giving out participation trophies? What are you, a Democratic.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Yes, in this situation, when it comes to bad entertainment, I love bad entertainment. I follow nothing but bad -- on social media and I watch Indian battle movies and rap battles, and all this stuff.TIMPF: Do you know about JoJo Siwa.TYRUS: Oh, my God, she completely changed, right?TIMPF: Yes, I know.TYRUS: No, I don't know about JoJo Siwa.GUTFELD: Is it really as bad? We've seen worse.KENNEDY: Here's the problem. I'm looking at it from some of the Canva employees' perspective, because you know the CEO came out and she went, sorry guys, there's no bonuses. No one is getting paid for a few months because we're still growing the company. And then there spend $150,000 on this garbage. So if I'm one of the Canva employers, I'm like, bag of -- that's where my bonus went?GUTFELD: Bag of -- why doesn't somebody cell that?TYRUS: Right next to the "Slap your Clam" shirt.GUTFELD: Yes.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, taking a break. Come up, we got another segment.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Five more words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Bored whales are destroying ships. Charlamagne, scientists say whales have damaged more than 600 ships since 2020 because they're bored.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Yes, you know why?GUTFELD: Why?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Because they need to read.(LAUGHTER)CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: And they should read my new book "Get Honest or Die Lying, Why Small Talk Sucks." It's for people who are tired of lying to themselves and tired of volunteering those lies to other people.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: IS the audiobook available?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Yes, and I read the audiobook. I do my own stunts.GUTFELD: There you go, because in case the wheels cannot read, they can listen to your audio book.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: That's right, that's right.GUTFELD: And if you're in whale watcher, you just bring the book out and you put it over there.TYRUS: Moths to a flame.GUTFELD: Yes. You are very pro whale. So what do you --TYRUS: I've got a soft spot for big dudes, what can I say.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: Listen, this is -- Greg. They are not bored. They want revenge. It's a specific killer whale family that's knocking over all these boats because they took out one of their own. They ran over one of their own. And so the whales, you know what, no more boats in this area. So they've been banging out the boats because the fishermen were hooking them, they were shooting at them. Killer whales are sentient beings, man. They were like, OK, bet, game on. We'll sink your boats. But they ain't bored.GUTFELD: You know what, Kat, are you proud of me for not making one "View" joke?TYRUS: The shows not over.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Don't answer that.TIMPF: Yes.GUTFELD: Thoughts, prayers?TIMPF: Well, both. I relate to the whales.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: When I'm bored, it's not good. My husband even says, Kat, you're like a border collie. You're a working dog. Collies, if they don't have a job on the farm they tear up all the -- in the house.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: That's like me. And these whales, it's like, what else are they supposed to do. They should have activities.GUTFELD: They should have activities, hobbies. Do whales have hobbies, Kennedy? You're an expert on whales.KENNEDY: They actually do, Greg. It's very interesting behavior that we're seeing here. And their hobbies are trying to bugger boats. They're not made at the boats, they're not trying to destroy them. They're trying to find the special spot for their prehensile penises to infiltrate the boat network.GUTFELD: You know, that's interest, whales are trying to have anal sex with boats.KENNEDY: I didn't say anal. You said anal. That says a lot more about you than it does about me.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: You got a therapist, Gutfeld?GUTFELD: They won't have me. They won't have me. The therapists who see me then get therapists. It's an endless cycle.Do go away.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Charlamagne Tha God, but his book, Kennedy, Timpf, Tyrus, studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)