BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: South Carolina Senator Tim Scott and California Congressman Ro Khanna. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR 6 PM in the East; 3 PM on the west. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and every night this week. That's it for us. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. As always, thank you for joining us. Now, if you're paying attention, any attention to liberal comments made post-verdict, now you would have noticed that you were hearing not so subtle warnings of a MAGA uprising.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): Trump and his MAGA followers are digging in trying to tear down the system.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's perfectly willing to call out the mob, basically, and have them attack all of these people and threaten their safety.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is going to be violence, there's going to be trouble. This is wrong. There's going to be some problems here, maybe some violence. And this President, former President should not have done what he did.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't think he has a problem with the concept of violence.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, why would they all say this, seems like almost coordinated. After all, they won the battle, at least by convicting Trump, that was their dream. So, what's their motive for fanning the flames now? Well, since they can't credibly argue that you're better off than you were four years ago, they need more than just lawfare to win November. And even though that January 6th drumbeat really hasn't moved the polls for Biden, they've nonetheless decided to resurrect a threat to democracy theme.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCHIFF: They're willing to forsake and trash our whole democracy, our whole justice system, if they can just get to power, more power. And you know, it is horribly revealing.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Horribly revealing here is how Schiff wants to just seed America's judicial system over to Biden, a man who makes America a laughingstock on the world stage, every time he opens his mouth. And of course, a man who makes a joke at the Constitution and the presidency every day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you tell us, sir, Donald Trump refers to himself as a political prisoner and blames you directly? What's your response to that, sir? Do you think that conviction will have an impact on the campaign?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It's like jeopardy is on, I've got to go. All right, it's important that everyone understands here what's coming next, we're going to dissect all of this tonight. They may not be able to lock you down as they did during COVID. But they are setting a narrative here.Now recall that after January 6th, Nancy Pelosi ordered the U.S. Capitol surrounded by layers of security fences. Now, this went on for six months and we warned you at the time that it was a sign of something else that was going to come. The place looked like a militarized zone. But this was all theater. It was the message to the country that the Democrats were the true guardians of America. But what a farce.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I make this sacred pledge to you. The defense, protection, and preservation of American democracy will remain as it has been the central cause of my presidency.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now yesterday proved to what an obvious lie that was. They're more like jail guards of America who use fictional threats to democracy to chip away at democratic institutions. And of course, to silence not only Trump, but all of you as well, all of the critics. And as we saw with some of the January 6th defendants even throw them in solitary confinement.Remember, the liberals used to be against solitary confinement, and then forced them in the plea deals, or sentenced them to very lengthy jail terms when another liberal cities truly dangerous criminals get off with just slaps on the wrist. But never forget how the Biden game -- gang unleashed the DOJ on the people.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRIAN GRADY, BUSINESSMAN: These two gentlemen just showed up. I thought they were the building inspectors, they started asking me we're from the FBI, and we're looking for Brian Grady. You know, like, well, here I am. Honestly, I've just felt violated by the FBI. And they asked me if I was there, and they -- we want to show you this picture as this. And I was like, no, that's not me and I wasn't there.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, what happened to Trump is merely the logical continuation of the Left's vicious war against us, the people and the belief in equal justice under the law without concern about politics or who you voted for. Now, of course, the finger is always pointed back at the Democrats when they're engaged in this conduct, as they raise the specter of pre-election violence on the part of Trump supporters. It's their supporters who have done the real damage to America.We saw what they tolerated. What they did. What they were capable of in the summer of 2020, that was really obvious to all of us. Do they think we don't remember the scenes, the carnage, the nightmarish property damage that was done. And you know what they still tolerate today when it comes to crime.The fact is, Democrats only care about crime when they can pin something on a Republican to keep them out of office. Now, because of this cynical, recent history, I would not at all be surprised if the Democrats somehow try to use this phantom threat of MAGA violence as a pretext to demand maybe universal mail in ballots in some jurisdictions, or at least expand the mail in voting and early voting in key districts or swing states.But they want to provoke you. They want to provoke Americans to respond with force or violently to this verdict. Then, of course, if they did that, they could really crack down, maybe even declare martial law if things really got out of hand. But as we said, on the day of January 6th, and after January 6th, look, don't give them an excuse to come down hard on us. Keep calm, carry on. Trump needs to be resolute, yet hopeful, defiant, but forward-looking.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm doing something for this country and I'm doing something for our constitution. It's very important, far beyond me. And this can't be allowed to happen to other presidents. This is bigger than Trump. This is bigger than me. This is bigger than my presidency.We're going to make America great again. We're going to make it better than ever before. November 5th. Remember, November 5th is the most important day in the history of our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now remember our motto, we unveiled it last night, don't get mad, get motivated. Joining me now is Alina Habba, Legal Spokesperson for President Donald Trump. Alina, it's great to have you on. Our own Peter Doocy spoke with Biden late today about the verdict, Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Are you worried that this could happen to you someday, somebody comes up with some charges and tries to bring you into court after your term?BIDEN: Not at all. I didn't do anything wrong.DOOCY: And when Trump says you're just trying to bruise him? What do you say? Politically, politically. He thinks you're pulling the strings behind the scenes. Doing all this to help yourself.BIDEN: I didn't know I was that powerful.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Alina, you heard that, your reaction tonight.ALINA HABBA, FORMER LEGAL SPOKESPERSON FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP: I think his grin says it all. He couldn't be happier unless he had an ice cream on the beach, which I hear he's doing this weekend while the country is falling apart.Laura, look, I think that it's very clear what happened here. You know it. I know it. We're lawyers and for the non-lawyers out there. This was a farce from the beginning. The indictment itself didn't make sense. It was flawed. It should never have been brought. There were no facts.Nobody has ever been tried for anything like that. And then if you look at what actually happened with evidentiary issues in this trial, not allowing us to bring in an expert, not allowing us to bring in tax documents for a crime that they say was based on money, which was done what booked correctly by an accountant in Trump, while President Trump was at the White House at a resolute desk.It's a disgrace. And we've got a guy who literally can't walk. But he's smart enough to smile and snark and make comments like I didn't realize I was that powerful. You know, he probably doesn't frankly, Laura, he probably doesn't because it's probably not him. But there are definitely puppets. And those puppets are coming from the Biden administration, and probably from prior administrations, and they are out to get Trump because they can't beat him. And that's obvious if you look at crowds of people, if you look at the polls,INGRAHAM: Alina, are you saying that you believe former Obama administration officials are also somehow involved, at least in the background here?HABBA: I find it a little bit odd that he never left Washington and then when he did, he goes to beaches as well. I find it odd that him and the Clinton's are flying on Air Force One with President Biden. I also find it odd that we have a president that can't speak or walk but here we are. This is this America, and we cannot survive another four years of it.INGRAHAM: Well, Alina, Michael Cohen had a message for Trump today on MSNBC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER TRUMP LAWYER: The truth is, you're in trouble. A home confinement scenario would be just fine. The way I see it, and I believe that Judge Merchan, I find him very salomonion (ph), he's really very even keeled. He will make the right decision.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Your response to that tonight, Alina.HABBA: This is a man that I've beaten in court because he thought that the judges were corrupt himself. He thought that President Trump had unlawfully detained him, and we beat him, we beat him twice, and we'll beat him again. He is completely a hypocrite. He has no credibility. Now that this trial is over. I can say what a joke, You know what a joke. You are literally making money off of President Trump. It's enough.And frankly if this is what the D.A.s and A.G.s of America are relying on people and individuals like this, again, we're in trouble. And it's pathetic. And frankly, I'll be honest with you, Laura, I don't think they could do it without the Biden administration, because their cases are so weak. So, they need that coordination. They need the Soros backing to get it done.INGRAHAM: Alina, do you think the system no longer works because of these types of jury charges that the judge handed down that was quite broad, quite lengthy, took an hour and 40 minutes to read to the jury. But they took enough of what Michael Cohen said, as gospel to infer intent upon your client with a novel opposite application of a law. It's never been used in this way before in any jurisdiction in the United States.HABBA: I guess I do, I think we're broken right now. I think our judicial system is not supposed to be intervened by political ambitions. I think that when that happens when you have a judge, who's a Trump hating judge, frankly, who happens to get Steve Bannon's case, happens to get Allen Weisselberg, my former client's case, gets it again, puts him back in jail, and then gets Donald Trump's case. I think we got a problem.It's supposed to be random, Laura. There is no way. I practice law in New York for 15 years, there is absolutely no way that this happened. I have cases three years old. I've never been in front of a judge, and it's supposed to be random. But President Trump, it doesn't work that way. They're out to get him and guess what, you're only making him stronger.INGRAHAM: Well, Alina, why haven't you all yet filed a motion to vacate that gag order? After a verdict has come in. Gag order is typically are just lifted, but they're now using what President Trump, former President Trump said today as another justification for going back to Judge Merchan for another penalty for violating the gag order. But why haven't you guys filed that motion yet?HABBA: They have filed motions in the Appellate Division. They were under sealed, obviously. And there are motions that we can't discuss. There are obviously still gag orders. But the reality is, they have exhausted all avenues. But there are so many, and for the American people, I just want to say please do not think we do not hear all of the commentary. All of the cases, I get tons of emails of support telling us look at this case. Look at that case.There is no stone we will not turn, and we will literally go after every avenue to make sure the President gets back to the White House, because that is the only place he is going.INGRAHAM: Alina, thank you so much. Great to see you tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: It's reckless. It's dangerous. It's irresponsible for anyone to say this was rigged just because they don't like the verdict. The justice should be respected. And we should never allow anyone to tear it down.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wait, did that happen after Roe vs. Wade was overturned? I seem to remember people taking on Kavanaugh on, hanging out as neighborhood. Was that a problem? Well, the message is clear. If you question the legitimacy of a trial, then you are a threat to America. But I don't think the people are buying this. We see the so-called defenders of democracy have officially dropped their shields and picked up the weapons of lawfare. The conviction of President Trump might mark one of the darkest periods in American history, but the fight to preserve the country we love. That's ongoing.Joining me now Missouri Senator Josh Hawley. Senator, your response, given what Biden said, it reminds me of what they said after the election that anyone who questioned the outcome or had even concerns about some of the irregularities or the way, you know, votes -- voting was conducted, that they were threats and that they had to be followed or surveilled. It seems very reminiscent of that.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Yes, it now, Laura. We've entered the phase where Joe Biden says in order to save democracy, he has to cancel democracy. In order to preserve the right of the people to govern, he's got to throw his opponent in jail to make sure the people don't have a choice in November. I mean, this is something we've never seen before in American history.Our election process is supposed to end with an election, not with throwing your opponent in jail. No American presidents ever done this before. I mean, Joe Biden has tried to make us a third world country. And I'll just say this, Laura, these same Democrats, I thought 24 hours ago, were mounting a full-on assault on Justice Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court, calling for recusal, calling into question the court's decisions. Why? Because they didn't like a flag that Justice Alito flew.But now all of a sudden, this verdict is sacrosanct. I mean, give me a break. It's a total rigged job and they know it.INGRAHAM: Well, remember, again, the Justice Department was dragging its feet. When there was real intimidation campaign that was waged against Justice Kavanaugh, they never got over the fact that he actually -- was confirmed and that he has life tenure. Never got over the fact that Justice Thomas got life tenure, there still trying to drag these guys through the mud at every turn and yet suddenly we're the great defenders of institutions, they're the biggest norm busters out there and they don't give a rip.HAWLEY: Listen, the only institutions that the Democrats are interested in are the ones that they can control and get to do their bidding, which is why they're attacking the Supreme Court when an assassin showed up at Justice Kavanaugh's house, they could hardly shrug their shoulders.When Chuck Schumer went to the steps of the Supreme Court and named justices, by name and threatened them, you're not going to know what's hit you is what he said --INGRAHAM: Right, thank you.HAWLEY: -- and he called on Kavanaugh and Gorsuch. They just shrugged their shoulders. But now all this is sacrosanct. Laura, let's not have any confusion here. These people, the Biden people, the Democrats are trying to tear down the rule of law. They're trying to bulldoze every norm in this country so they can remain in power --INGRAHAM: Forever.HAWLEY: -- that's all they care about is power. And which is why the only answer to this is to win in November.INGRAHAM: And meanwhile, Senator, as everyone who is focused on this, understandably, we learned yesterday that the President had OK-ed U.S. arms being used inside Russia, which of course was stunning to all of us. We're actually focusing on what's happening in this Ukraine war. Your thoughts on that tonight, these people seem to want war with Russia.HAWLEY: Oh, war, war, war. And the reason is, is that it just is more about control, Laura. I mean, this President is all about what will help him stay in power, what will give him more control, I have to think at this point, if he can provoke a wider war, it's almost to his political benefit, he may calculate. This is terrible. And by the way, they're not telling us the truth about Ukraine. They're not telling us the truth about where our weapons are going. They're not telling us the truth about where our soldiers are.I predict to you soon we're going to find out that U.S. soldiers are in Ukraine, the U.S. soldiers are advising, quote, unquote, just like Vietnam, Ukrainian troops on the ground. It's constant escalation and constant lies. Exactly right. All about power.INGRAHAM: Yes, that was very disturbing news. We learned yesterday and people focus on the other issues as well. This is important, but they're going to try to sneak a lot else through. Senator, thank you. All right, the prospect of Trump prison sentence. Yes, that has liberals drooling. We'll try to wipe it up, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Oh, these people are salivating. You've seen them. The prospect of Trump at Rikers? Wow. How about having fitted with an ankle bracelet?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Norm, you're the one who predicted that Trump sentence will be less than a year and could be served at the notorious Rikers Island jail.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When Trump had committed his 10th violation of the gag order, 10 findings of contempt. He said, if you do it again, I'm going to have to put you in jail. Alvin Bragg is going to ask for a sentence of incarceration. And I think Judge Merchan will very seriously weigh that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He could show some remorse. He has shown no remorse at all.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, THE VIEW CO-HOST: You got to do a little bit of time. And then you have to say to the judge, you know, I did this. I'm sorry.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Show remorse.GOLDBERG: Show remorse.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can I answer that question.GOLDBERG: Lock him up.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: When have they ever been sorry for anything? All the lies these people have told consistently. Look, these people are sick at some point. If Joe Biden had been charged with conspiracy, like to evade what taxes back in 2019, or with a violation of the Foreign Agency Registration Act and all this China stuff, I don't know maybe in some jurisdiction in Oklahoma or Mississippi, imagine what the gals at The View would be saying today. Election interference, Whoopi.Joining me now, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum. Governor, they want all the roadblocks governor to Trump's incarceration removed, some on the Left are even demanding that he should lose his Secret Service protection. Your reaction tonight?GOV. DOUG BURGUM (R-ND): Well, Laura, you know this better than anyone. This has been an eight-year-old progression from the day that Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton. There's been an effort one after another escalating to try to stop him and it doesn't -- and the good news is, it doesn't matter. I was very sad yesterday. Yesterday was a sad day for America.Today, I'm optimistic because you look at the response from people that are outside the bubble of D.C. And they can see right through it, they can see that President Trump is out there working on the issues that matter to them. Because if you went to bed last night worrying about this, and you woke up today, and you still can't pay your bills for food for grocery, if you're worried about open borders, if your city has been run amok, if you're worried about wars overseas, there's one guy who just four years ago when his office took care of all those things.And now Joe Biden is trying to lock up the guy that was the person that solved your problem. So, Americans understand what's going on. They understand this is a politicization. This is lawfare, they get that and that's why you're going to see, I think President Trump is going to get a bump coming out of this.INGRAHAM: Now a lot of people and the activist base are so fed up with the Republican Party, that they say, look, unless you're filing lawsuits, or unless you're trying to bring the criminal cases in red districts against Democrats. We don't want to hear from you. What about that idea of fighting fire with fire here, GovernorBURGUM: Well, at some point we've got to get focused back on the real issues because not only is this trial election interference, but think of it, Laura, you know this better than anyone but, you know, outside that courthouse that it was two blocks of media that was there. And of course, you know, I've been down to the southern border with North Dakota National Guard more than Biden, more than Harris. Where's the media covering the mass invasion in the country?INGRAHAM: They don't care. They're cheering it.BURGUM: Yes. And we're -- and when you think about the fact that now we've had 330,000 Americans have died of either overdoses or fentanyl poisonings under Joe Biden.INGRAHAM: They don't care.BURGUM: Right.INGRAHAM: It's collateral damage, Governor, it's collateral damage. The Democrats do not care that we have let 12 million people here illegally. And if anything, they want them to vote. Governor, we're up against it tonight. We'll have you back next week, because there's a lot more to talk about. Thank you.BURGUM: Thank you, Laura.INGRAHAM: Now I know what many of you are thinking tonight as long as Trump's in court in New York, the Empire State, how does he have a prayer of reversal? Well, CNN's Elie Honig admits that the law was contorted here, and that an appeal may work. He said, he's certain to contest the invent of charges constructed by the D.A. Well, he doesn't go as far as to say that Appeals Court is likely to overturn the conviction, but he's going to have a decent shot at reversal.Joining me now Sol Wisenberg, Fox News Contributor, former Deputy Independent Counsel; and Chris Landau, former Supreme Court Law Clerk and former Ambassador to Mexico. Chris, let's start with you here. You're an appellate litigator. You've argued many cases before the Supreme Court. What is the appellate process state first and a possible federal move as well?CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER SCALIA AND THOMAS LAW CLERK: Sure, well, New York, like many states has a three-tiered justice system that the trial court where the conviction was just or the jury verdict was just held, then there's an Intermediate Court of Appeals, you have an appeal as of right to that court. And then you have a state supreme court in New York, it's called the Court of Appeals. That takes cases on a discretionary basis.And then you can go to the U.S. Supreme Court, if you have federal issues. But Laura, I think right now, we got to be talking not about just the eventual appeal. That's going to drag on well beyond the election. I think the question now is, how does Trump get out of Judge Merchan's courtroom, and how does the -- how are the compelling federal interest in having a candidate for President of the United States break free of the constraints of Judge Merchan?I mean, there should be, it seems to me a basis for a federal claim that a state cannot hold a candidate for President of the United States basically hostage --INGRAHAM: Hostage.LANDAU: -- in a New York courtroom.INGRAHAM: Sol, this is a fascinating question. And I know we've all talked about this. You've had so much experience in litigation in your career as well. The court does not like to touch, quote, political questions. They're very concerned about the reputation of the court. Certainly, Justice Roberts is, all of them. But in this case, this is extraordinary. And historic, does that then give impetus to the court to step in where they might not have wanted to and in another event?SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think it would be an incredible long shot if they did. I think it would have to be something like, like you mentioned, where Merchan does something in terms of the conditions of release while the appeal is pending that significantly interferes with the election campaign, then you've got a potential constitutional issue, but in addition to not liking political question cases, Laura, they do not like to come in and interfere in state a criminal process --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Yes, but Sol, Sol, what if Merchan is the one who is doing it? Yes, the problem is (inaudible) Merchan is the one who's interfering with the process. If, let's say, June, July 11th, July 11th, they say he can't campaign outside the state of New York without explicit permission from his probation officer working in concert with someone maybe in Florida, what if he says that? That's likely what he's going to say.WISENBERG: That would give them a hook. I still think it would be a long shot, but that would give them a hook, because they're you're posing a real conflict between the right of somebody to run, you know, a candidate to run its party effectively for president and the state judicial system. But still, it would be a long shot.INGRAHAM: Chris, do you think it's a long shot? Do you think it's 50-50? Real quick.LANDAU: Of course, it's a long shot. But this is just an extraordinary, unprecedented case in American history. This is not your normal criminal appeal. I mean, I just think what Sol is saying is right in the run of the mind case, but I think the Supreme Court of the United States, right now they're grappling with the presidential immunity case. They are very familiar with these issues.Again, they're the Supreme Court of the United States. Everything else is the courts of the state of New York. The Supreme Court of the United States is uniquely qualified to recognize the compelling federal interest here.I'm very concerned about the idea of Trump just spending the next six weeks waiting for this sentencing before Judge Merchan -- everybody's twiddling their thumbs. I mean, I agree.INGRAHAM: I got it.LANDAU: Right now, just sitting there, Judge Merchan's court with a kick me sign on his back.INGRAHAM: Sol, Chris, we're going to be tracking this. Thank you both very much. All right. Up next, it's time that D.A. Alvin Bragg go under the microscope. And my next guest is going to do just that and more. House Judiciary Committee Chair Jim Jordan joins us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: They're not even trying to hide how political this is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I want to thank this phenomenal prosecution team embodying the finest traditions of this office, professionalism, integrity, dedication and service. They are model public servants.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: You see that little shrimpy guy on the right? Well, the public's -- wait. Did he say public service? See that little shrimpy guy there? OK, that's Matthew Colangelo, a former top DOJ official, a public servant. Well, they're serving Joe Biden and his goons.But it's a very curious thing how you would leave a top job at the DOJ, where you're very senior in the federal government, to go back to New York -- New York D.A.'s office? Usually go the other way. So, what's up here?Joining us now, who's the man who wants some answers? Jim Jordan, demanding that the pair of them, Bragg and Colangelo, testify before the House Weaponization Subcommittee on June 13th.They want to give Trump deadlines. Congressman, you're giving them one. What question do you want to ask them?CONG. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yeah. Well, it's time to keep our foot on the gas because we know how political this whole thing is. All these cases, how political they are. But Matthew Colangelo, he worked first -- what just said he started the Justice Department, Laura? He worked for Letitia James.So, he's in New York. He comes to the Justice Department, number three position in the Biden Justice Department, then goes back to New York to work for Alvin Bragg and was the lead prosecutor in the Trump case.So, we would -- we'd like to know what kind of conversations, what kind of information, what went on between you and the Justice Department, and or the White House, while you were here or when you were back in New York.And then with Alvin Bragg, never forget that Alvin Bragg said, once he got the job, he campaigned on going after Trump. But once he got the job, he realized what a ridiculous case this was.And he said, quote, "I cannot envision a world where I would indict President Trump and call Michael Cohen as a prosecution witness." But that's exactly what Alvin Bragg ended up doing. But he didn't do that until after President Trump announced he was running for president, which I think just underscores how political this thing is.So, we'd like to ask Alvin Bragg, what prompted you to change your mind? Was it simply the political pressure? And we'd like to ask Mr. Colangelo about his interactions with the Justice Department and or the White House.INGRAHAM: Well, do you have any information to indicate that Colangelo was stupid enough to be in constant contact or even intermittent contact with his old friends at DOJ as this was all going down?JORDAN: We don't. But look, we think in light of how bad this is, in light of Jack Smith, remember this to, Jack Smith doesn't get appointed special counsel in these federal cases until three days after President Trump announces he's running for office. And Fani Willis doesn't bring her charges until after President Trump announces he's running for president.So, we think they're all political. We think they're all in coordination, all run by the Democrat Party, all involved in the Democrat Party, I should say. So, we got lots of questions we'd like to ask.And, you know, I think the American people deserve some answers. And frankly, our constitutional duty is to do oversight. And we're going to do that consistent with the Constitution, but we're going to do it as aggressive as we can.INGRAHAM: Alina Habba was saying earlier on the show, Congressman, that she believes that the Obama people, some of the former top people in the Obama administration, might have some involvement in how this lawfare has been conducted. Do you agree with her?JORDAN: Well, I don't know. But what I do know is two days ago there was a story saying the Biden Justice Department was in negotiations with Peter Strzok and Lisa Page on some settlement agreement, because Lisa Page and Peter Strzok were upset that their text messages got public. So, they're in some settlement. They're going to get some money.And then a day later, we get President Trump convicted -- found guilty on this ridiculous trial in New York. If that doesn't demonstrate the double standard. I mean, remember, Strzok and Page had been after President Trump clear back in '16 when they spied on his campaign.So, I don't know the direct answer to that question. What I do know is there's two standards.INGRAHAM: It's all of a piece. Congressman, thank you. All right. Why team Biden should really be worried about what happened yesterday? Yeah, they should be worried. I'm going to explain it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Holy moly. Just in moments ago, post-verdict last 24 hours, Trump has raised a staggering $52.8 million.Joining me now, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee. And Matt Towery, political analyst and pollster. Governor, for some perspective here, in 24 hours Trump raised more than Biden did all last month. Did they awake a sleeping giant here?MIKE HUCKABEE, FORMER ARKANSAS GOVERNOR: They really did. And that's what I've been saying for the past 24 hours. They got what they wanted, but they are not going to want what they got. It has been a big backfire, like the exploding cigar, like Wiley Coyote chasing Roadrunner. And it just hasn't worked out at all for them the way they thought.Donald Trump, I think, is in the strongest position he's ever been in because people in this country aren't as stupid as the Democrats must think they are.INGRAHAM: Matt, I think people have a general sense of fairness and want a chance to vote for the candidate that they like best. So, I would agree with the governor. This was just really dumb in the end for them to do, but that's all they got.What should we expect and when should we expect the next round of polls to come out? What should we be looking for?MATT TOWERY, POLITICAL ANALYST AND POLLSTER: Well, they'll start coming out fairly soon. It depends on how the polls conducted. You know, they could possibly show Biden getting a bump out of this. I would say he has to get a really big bump against Trump for this to stay, because he's going to go right back to where he was two or three weeks before, two or three weeks from now.It's also possible that Trump could get a bump. The governor is right. There's phenomenal enthusiasm. Well, not really enthusiasm. It's irritation, and they're all keeping it to themselves because no one wants to take to the streets because they don't want to go to jail.So, what do they do? They write a check. They say they're going to support the president. They're going to vote early.One other thing, Laura, you and I have talked about this over the last year, and I've said I thought they would convict Trump. I didn't think fairly. And I also think that they'll try to put him in jail. If they put him in jail, Donald Trump is guaranteed being elected the next president. Guaranteed.INGRAHAM: Game set match. Governor, let's say this doesn't move the needle for them. If this doesn't move the needle for Biden in the polls, not much, at least. What do the Democrats do next? What's their next move here?HUCKABEE: Well, I think they take Joe Biden to the train station. I think that's what they do. Where else do they take him? I mean, this is their desperate move, and it ain't working. So, in the pure parlance of the Yellowstone series, he gets a ride to ride the train.INGRAHAM: Matt, I mean, this is quite something, right? You're willing to shred our norms that you don't put a former president on trial. You're willing to kill the reputation of a judicial system, constitutional, shred it all, just because you don't want to have a real debate and a real campaign against Trump. Why are they so worried, Matt?TOWERY: Well, I mean, there's obvious reasons why they're so worried. He's been deteriorating, both in the polls and also in his appearance. I will say this. Republicans have got to explain why this is, quote unquote, "a crooked trial."You can't just say it because right now you have the liberal fact checkers in the media saying, oh, this has all been debunked. I've already read it today. All of that's been debunked. So, someone has to get out there and spell out these reasons.But I do think the debate coming between the two candidates will spell it all. If Biden doesn't perform well in that debate, I think they pull his ticket and take him to the train station, just like the governor said.INGRAHAM: OK, everyone is going to the train station. Better than flying, given my recent experience. Governor and Matt, thank you so much. All right, the left is in total jubilation over this conviction. But the president misplaces the Kansas City Chiefs. That can't be. He's with it, right? Raymond tells us, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's Friday, and that means it's time for Friday Follies. And for that, we go to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo in our L.A. bureau. Raymond, I want to get your reaction to something the beautiful women at The View said. They were lost in this kind of state of euphoria over the Trump conviction.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: What was your reaction?UNKNOWN: I got so excited I started leaking a little bit.UNKNOWN: I want the judge to give him six months.UNKNOWN: You're convicted of felonies. You got to do a little bit of time. This is what you would all would have to do.UNKNOWN: I sent this morning speaking to someone from the Manhattan District Attorney's office. He believes that they will recommend a one-year term in prison. And that is because when you spend a year in prison in New York or under, you serve in Rikers Island. OK.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Laura, this is more of the ideological. Yeah, this is the ideological fantasia we saw playing out when Trump was in office. Remember Kathy Griffin with the decapitated head, or the rappers shooting Trump in their videos? This is more of the same.But whatever it is, let me make one point. I doubt the verdict is the only reason Joy Behar is leaking, but I'll leave it to the urologist to figure that out. I'm more stunned that Cloudy Hostin didn't call for the death penalty.But have you ever seen such jubilation, Laura? Congressman Baumann, he was literally dancing after the verdict. Look at this guy. Can you believe this?INGRAHAM: They have such a -- remember when they always try to pretend this is a somber moment for America? This is a somber proceeding, and we're respecting all the norms. And no, I've never seen -- this is malicious, but what do you expect?ARROYO: It looks like Martha Graham.INGRAHAM: Now, and Biden was -- wasn't he asked about being responsible for the prosecution of Trump when he was kind of that weird grin?ARROYO: Yeah, and that smile was so weird. When I saw that, Laura, I thought, I've seen that smile before, but where? But then I thought it reminded me of something more iconic, you know? Not -- well, not the grinch. Something else. The passion of the Christ. That's where I've seen that smile before.INGRAHAM: Oh, that weird evil baby.ARROYO: Are you with me? Look at that. It's a dead ringer. Very close.INGRAHAM: Raymond, only you would come up with that split screen, OK? That --ARROYO: Look.INGRAHAM: Oh, that's creepy.ARROYO: Biden may have been smiling, Laura, but look, he managed to botch not one but both of his public events today. These were the unseen Middle East comments.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Just checking this afternoon.Indefinite war in pursuit of an unidentified notion of total victory will not bring Israel -- will not bring down -- bogged down -- will only bog down Israel and Gaza.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Speaking of being bogged down, he always touches his face. Do you notice that? He's -- that meant -- remember he looked at his watch when the remains were being brought back to Dover?ARROYO: Those 13 soldiers showed up.INGRAHAM: Yeah, he's always checking his watch. We're checking our watch, too.ARROYO: Yeah, well, we're waiting for the speech to end. But, Laura, after smile-gate, Biden hosted the Kansas City Chiefs at the White House to commemorate their Super Bowl win, and naturally, he began with a fumble. He welcomed Governor Laura Kelly of Kansas. Only the Chiefs are from Missouri.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Welcome all Chiefs' fans today. Governor Kelly, thank you for being here.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Governor Mike Parsons is the governor of Missouri, and it's the -- it's Kansas City, Missouri, where the team is located.INGRAHAM: That's staffing. That's staffing right -- Was Travis Kelsey there? Was he there?ARROYO: He was there, as was Harrison Butker. He was there as well. In fact, you know -- but before we get to that, Laura, look at the moment. Did you see the moment where they put the helmet on him and offered it to him? And then the whole team proceeds to laugh at him.And he goes to the microphone, and the microphone didn't work. Poor Biden looked like a crash dummy with the helmet on. It wasn't a good look.INGRAHAM: Oh, you never put hats on of any sort when you're president. That's the rule that Dukakis -- remember with that helmet and the tank? Well, you don't do that.ARROYO: It's like when you have a brain injury, and they put the protective gear on, you know. That's what it looks like.But I noticed, kicker Harrison Butker was there. As you know, he was critical of Biden's abortion position during that commencement that threw him into the headlines. And he, by the way, this past weekend refused to apologize or back down for those comments. This got almost no coverage.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The more I've talked about what I value most, which is my Catholic faith, the more polarizing I have become. It's a decision I've consciously made, and one I do not regret at all. It is not people, but Jesus Christ, who I am trying to please.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Ah, that's pretty cool. I mean, I love -- the fact, Raymond, today, there are so few people in situations like this where there's enormous public pressure, cultural pressure put on you. You make a lot more money if you go the other way, right?He's like, you know something? There are things that are more important than that, and I'm going to stand for what I believe. Whether you agree with him or not, he has guts.ARROYO: Well, when you're under that kind of pressure from the media, when you've got team members and NFL leaning on you, and by standing firm, he actually changed the narrative, and Goodell and the NFL ended up moving behind him and backing him. This is the only way to proceed. You can't give in just because a few people on Twitter are a little upset. Get over it, kids. Eternal values last forever. Good on Harrison Butker.INGRAHAM: All right. Raymond, great to see you, as always. Have a wonderful weekend. That is it for us tonight. Make sure to follow me on Twitter and - - X, OK, X, and all the social media channels. Remember, it's America now and forever. It still is.Don't get mad. Get motivated. Look at that fundraising haul from Trump. Watters is next.