MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": We have a duty. We are patriots. Not just vote, you're the Thomas Paines and you're the Paul Reveres. Whatever role you have in life, whatever your background, whatever you do, you can influence five, ten, twenty people. That's our job.See you tomorrow night on "Life, Liberty & Levin."BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "ONE NATION": Hi everyone, welcome to ONE NATION. I'm Brian Kilmeade.Tonight on the show, amongst my great roster of guests, Chris Rufo to unwound what happened at Columbia and other Ivy Leagues to our students who are now suddenly anti-American and antisemitic; and Riley Gaines. I'm glad everyone's paying big time college athletics, but what about the other athletes in other sports and other universities? She like me is very worried about the future of college sports beyond the Big Five.But first, we begin here to the justice on full display, a Manhattan jury convicting Donald Trump of 34 felony counts in the New York money trial, the New York versus Donald Trump trial, I should say. The first time an American president has ever been convicted of a crime as you know, but President Trump and his campaign remain optimistic, they can more than weather the storm.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Okay, case where if they can do this to me, they can do this to anyone.These are bad people. These are in many cases, I believe sick people.It was a rigged trial. We wanted a venue change, where we could have a fair trial. We didn't get it. We wanted a judge change. We wanted a judge that wasn't conflicted. And obviously he didn't do that.Now, let me give you the good news. The good news is, last night, we just got a report this morning. In the history of politics, I believe, maybe I'm wrong, somebody will find that I'm wrong, maybe, but I don't think so, they raised with small money donors a record $39 million in about a 10-hour period.There is no crime here. Everybody says there is no crime here, except for this DA that's got the city out-of-control with crime. It's out of -- it's absolutely out-of-control.But I'm honored to be involved in it because somebody has to do it and I might as well keep going and be the one. But I'm very honored to be involved because we're fighting for our Constitution.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: That's just hours, the next day after the verdict. Unfortunately, this is far from over. The former president will be sentenced July 11th, just days before the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee, and the first just a few days after the first debate.Now given Trump's clean background, age of 77, presidential status, it is highly unlikely he'll be sentenced to prison. But the decision is entirely up to Judge Merchan who is capable as we now know of doing anything unorthodox, as we witnessed over the past few weeks.While Donald Trump plans to appeal, he has a good shot at winning that appeal as well, it won't happen until after the election.Joining me right now to discuss the verdict and where both campaigns go from here -- Biden and Trump -- are my two esteemed guests. Hugh Hewitt, national syndicated talk radio show host; Kellyanne Conway, former adviser to President Trump, now Fox News contributor, best-selling author.Thanks. It's great to have you both.Hugh, I am going to start with you. What changes now? The verdict that you predicted is now in the books as we wait for July 11th.HUGH HEWITT, NATIONAL SYNDICATED TALK RADIO SHOW HOST: Two things change, Brian. The first is in the 12 hours following the conviction of Donald Trump, raised $34 million, most of it in small contributions. Those people were making statements. They were exercising their right to be disgusted with this judge, with this verdict, with those instructions.And I point out that when you make a small contribution, you're making a symbolic contribution, just like this judge did when he contributed to Joe Biden and to two anti-Trump committees.He was cautioned by the New York State judicial authorities, but he still stood in on the trial. That is one big thing that I take away.The second, and I'll be interested if Kellyanne has a comment on this, I think it increases the likelihood of Senator Cotton or former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo being the vice president, because they're going to be up against Kamala Harris in the debate, and she is going to throw, I was a prosecutor nonsense around, even though she can't spell prosecutor, and it's going to be useful to have a lawyer up there to rebut that and someone like Mike Pompeo can say, I have been around the world. I have seen kangaroo courts. I've gone to North Korea to get Americans free. We cannot have a judicial system like this corrupted by a judge like this.I think Trump is in a much stronger position today than he was on Wednesday.KILMEADE: Kellyanne?KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I agree with everything Hugh said, and I know much has been made of Judge Merchan's political contributions to Joe Biden directly, to anti-Trump groups, specifically to his daughter's making millions off of being a Democratic operative and cashing in against Donald Trump.I think people also have to remember fundamentally, whether you care about politics or not, whether you live in New York or not, this Soros-funded District Attorney Alvin Bragg elevated from a misdemeanor to a felony the charges against Trump, but has reduced 60 percent of felonies in Manhattan for really hardened criminals. And I think it's that hypocrisy and that danger it puts the rest of us in that is so bothersome in this case.Also, just to just to review the case quickly and how it plays out moving forward. I think politically speaking, most people's opinions are baked in of Biden and Trump, but probably what it won't change is the Democratic Party's desperate attempt to make everything about Trump, Trump, Trump. What are you going to do on inflation, Biden? Trump. What about the border? Trump, Trump.How about Ukraine? Middle East? You see a pattern here. Their answer for everything, every time, every day is Donald Trump. That doesn't inspire people. And whether Donald Trump does it from Trump Tower or on beloved Jersey Shore Wildwood, New Jersey, my stomping grounds, he will still gather these huge crowds who feel like he's been wronged.Last point, I think there are certain groups that will help him and has been helping him along, young men of color, younger voters overall, but also people who feel wronged by the system, people who feel outsiders to the system.As for VP selection, I'm glad he's got Tom Cotton on the list. I always had been auguring for Mike Pompeo. I wrote a "New York Times" op-ed about this, but I think also Senator Rubio, Senator Tim Scott, Senator Hagerty, and certainly, I know he's got Senator JD Vance on there.But I think you're right, having a lawyer, having somebody who knows about national security who can best Kamala Harris not just in putting a sentence together, not her greatest skillset, but in really showing what just happened.KILMEADE: Gotcha.CONWAY: People flee political persecution all over this world to come to this country. We just saw it happen in our system.KILMEADE: Yes, and that's good point. So there's a lot of very good VP candidates. There was a day when nobody wanted to run with Trump, no one could figure him out. And now they're lining up auditioning for him on a daily basis.It's just amazing what we've seen, Kellyanne, while you were talking, the crowds outside Trump Tower on Friday, and they were just huge.We remember what's happened in the South Bronx. I'm looking at a New York poll. Biden's lead is just seven points in New York. He lost by over 20 to Hillary Clinton in 2016.So Hugh, there is something going on here and it is pretty stunning, because he's in a dead heat in New Hampshire and Virginia, formerly blue states. Do you sense something bubbling up?HEWITT: Yes, I do. I think it's the crisis of confidence in our governing institutions and in the media, Brian.If you go through the I's -- inflation, immigration, Israel, the infirmity of Joe Biden, and now the injustice done to Donald Trump -- Speaker Johnson on my radio show on Friday added, and the instability in the world, generally, people are losing confidence that the American government can keep it together under this feeble old president.And now they've got an out-of-control justice system and Jack Smith and Alvin Bragg and Fani Willis, they are not doing anything to repair this fractured credibility.KILMEADE: Right.HEWITT: Donald Trump said in his press conference on Friday, he is proud to be out there defending the Constitution because somebody has got to do it. I think that's going to resonate.KILMEADE: Kellyanne, before you talk, I want you to tell me because you're an expert at this, too, about ads, if you like the texture of this ad that have rolled out at the end of this week. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE ROGAN, PODCAST HOST, "THE JOE ROGAN EXPERIENCE": I think they have no cards, and they're depending upon Trump getting convicted.HARRY ENTEN, CNN SENIOR DATA REPORTER: That Trump train doesn't show any signs of slowing down.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The only verdict that matters is the verdict at the ballot box.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: So using actualities, Kellyanne, including Joe Rogan, because he is not endorsing anybody. He's just commentating. Your thoughts.CONWAY: No, I love it. But there's -- you know, Bill Barr, the former attorney general who has been crossways with Donald Trump recently said he is going to vote for him in the state of Virginia, a place that is also becoming competitive. Roanoke Poll just this week said, it's basically tied in Virginia, which would be amazing.You've got different people basically testifying to the fact, if you will, that Donald Trump is strong and resolute. And if there's one word to describe what American voters want right now, it's strength. The opposite of strength is weakness. We see it every day in the White House, on the world stage, but the opposite of strength is also failure.And people want to win again. They want to feel strong and prosperous.I like the fact they rolled out an ad so that nobody is hiding, nobody is scurrying, nobody is twirling their thumbs. And to your point about VP, I mean, after "Access Hollywood," a lot of Republicans did exactly that. They scurried, they flurried, they put out statements about how terrible this is, we could never support him.We beat the Queen Bee herself anyway, while a majority of the voters were female, and we just don't know how this is going to play out. But this -- the following will not change between now and Election Day.Joe Biden will not seem younger, Kamala Harris will not seem more capable. The Democrats will not seem less radical, and I think the economy won't seem much better. The border won't seem much more secure, so unless they come out with an affirmative message.The last thing I would say to my former boss and our president 45, hopefully 47 is, now is the time to channel the people's grievances and not just your own.You have been aggrieved. You have been wronged. We all see it. But channeling the people's grievances was the magic of 2016. They want to know that he is not just fighting for fighting's sake, he is fighting for them.KILMEADE: I love that and he might be watching. I imagine he is. I would add this. I also read that there is no infrastructure in Pennsylvania yet. There better be one in Michigan and Wisconsin.Now the money is flowing in, I know this is a very strong campaign team. They have to address the battleground states because I know the Democrats are flooding that area.Hugh, I want you to bring it to RFK and what he said and he said this: "The Democratic Party's strategy is to beat President Trump in the courtroom not in the ballot box. This will backfire in November, even worse, it is profoundly undemocratic. America deserves a president who can win at the ballot box without compromising our government's separation of powers or weaponizing the courts."I think he is a hundred percent right, and that's a guy that's a Democrat and was kicked out of the party.HEWITT: Yes, Robert Kennedy is erratic. He is often irrational, but sometimes, he is right and he is right in that statement.I don't want to underestimate how much Americans put in the idea that ours is a country of law and what they saw was not law. It's like the reaction after O.J. was acquitted, people were stunned.I think people are stunned at the conviction of Donald Trump for much the same reason. It's just off the rails.And so Robert Kennedy, a hardcore leftist, all the way over to libertarians who never liked Donald Trump and indeed, a lot of Hillary contributors have made big checks out to Donald Trump.I'm going to go back to something that Kellyanne said. I was one of those people that thought Trump should get off of the ticket after the "Access Hollywood" tape. I was wrong.America likes people who fight back, especially when they're getting clipped, and this is going to work for Donald Trump, I think significantly.KILMEADE: Yes, I agree. And Kellyanne, it's going to be interesting from here on in because the president has got the good team. He is now going to have some free time. I'm anxious to see what he does.I understand before the debate, it looks like that President Biden and the White House is going to roll out executive orders to show a toughness at the border. So does the president have to be ready for that. Your thoughts?CONWAY: Well, the current president does, because nobody will believe him. They wouldn't even call this a crisis for the three years it was a crisis. His Homeland Security secretary wouldn't do it, Joe Biden wouldn't do it. Kamala Harris went to the border exactly one time, sort of, kind of in McAllen, Texas. You spend about as much time at the "border" as you spend in the Chick-Fil-A line on a random Saturday.She not a serious person. They made her the border czar, then the voting rights czar, now the abortion czar.This is an administration that has literally looked the other way while millions of people have poured across that border, millions of tons of illegal drugs. We now know tens of thousands of Chinese nationals. We know people from the terror watchlist, people from all kinds of countries that have nothing to do with the way it was described to us as who is fleeing religious persecution and rape and violence.We know what we see, in large part because Fox News has been there with cameras and reporters --KILMEADE: Yes, and drones.CONWAY: -- doing the job every single day. And now -- and by the way, drones -- now that people are not focused on the court, they're going to focus on things like this again, the border most especially. Nobody will believe Joe Biden on this, and by the way, I felt this way in the primaries, too. Why would you settle for Joe Biden, a poor facsimile of the real thing on the border when you can have the real thing on the border?Go back to Donald Trump, go back to the person, who nine years ago, gentlemen, elevated the border and illegal immigration to the consciousness of this country. It was at three percent in the polls. He took issues like that and trade, and he elevated them out of low single digits into the consciousness, ran successfully on them and did a great deal on them when he was president.KILMEADE: Right, and Hugh, the networks and newspapers went off after this victory and took a victory lap, a victory meaning, Trump's conviction. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": I remember, I felt like the Knicks won the tournament.(LAUGHTER)JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": My watch started to buzz and I got so excited, I started leaking a little bit.WOLF BLITZER, CNN HOST, "THE SITUATION ROOM": Yes, he is just the railing against almost everything involved in this case in which he was found guilty, 34 felony charges -- criminal charges, very significant development, unanimous decision by the 12 members of the jury.KATY TUR, MSNBC HOST: And he is doing it, guys, at the literal scene of the crime here in Trump Tower.ANDREW WEISSMANN, MSNBC POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: Our democracy in a shining moment, led by a really eminent and wonderful judge.ERIN BURNETT, CNN ANCHOR: If he were sentenced to prison which is realistic, especially given that he is not going to express remorse.MSNBC GUEST: Donald Trump here is not showing any remorse.MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR: And what does prison for a former president look like? It could be down in Fort Bragg in a room. We don't know.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: That's Fort Liberty, to be politically correct. Hugh, final thoughts. Just fill me in, tell me what you thought when you think about this, where we go from here?HEWITT: Trump derangement syndrome is a very bad thing, Brian. It really does knock people out their rails, their ability to process information, their ability to hear anything inside of their deep blue bubble wrapped in TDS.What you just heard is a small sampling, and American's response is disgust, and I mean deep disgust. I don't think it's going to change.KILMEADE: Guys, thanks for starting off the A-block with the A-Team. Appreciate it. Have a great weekend.HEWITT: Thank you, Brian. Thanks, Kellyanne.KILMEADE: You got it.Meanwhile, next is Poison Ivy. Chris Rufo is one of the few people in America not surprised by the pro-Hamas, pro-Palestinian uprising on American college campuses.He is going to tell us why, if you keep it here on ONE NATION.And still to come, I go one-on-one with Charlamagne tha God. It is an interview you won't want to miss.And be sure to follow us on social media. Here's our address. Follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Rumble all by going @Kilmead.All right, that's me looking low and now, I'm going to walk away.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: Welcome back.Anti-Israeli protests raging for months across college campuses, I'm talking about across the country taking people by surprise.Many people were surprised, including me. The campus chaos leading to thousands of arrests, many suspensions and many Ivy League schools like Columbia, even canceling traditional graduation ceremonies, essentially caving to the pro-Hamas, pro-Palestinian mobs.But my next guest says, none of this should be a surprise, thanks to his original reporting, you're about to find out why.He is calling out Columbia University specifically for cultivating the precise conditions that allowed hate to flourish and nothing's changed.Chris Rufo writing in part this: "The university built massive departments to advance post-colonials, spent hundreds of millions of dollars on diversity, equity, and inclusion (I know) and glorified new left-style student activism as the telos of university life."Joining us right now is Manhattan Institute senior fellow and City Journal contributing editor, Chris Rufo.Chris, so you went in and found out what the staff, the faculty at Columbia has been teaching its students. What did you learn?CHRISTOPHER RUFO, SENIOR FELLOW, MANHATTAN INSTITUTE: That's right.Columbia has been really the leading university in the United States pushing what's called post-colonial theory. It's also known as decolonization theory.The idea is that Israel and also the United States are illegitimate oppressor nations that have illegitimately seized land and territory, whether in the United States or in current day Israel, and they have to be resisted by physical force, by violence, whether it's by indigenous movements in the United States or the Palestinians overseas.Columbia has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on a DEI infrastructure promoting this kind of ideology. They've hired dozens of radical left wing decolonial scholars, and they're pushing this ideology now for decades. And so it was only a matter of time before it would flare up like we've seen in recent months.KILMEADE: Yes, you said a hundred. The DEI program, you found out, $185 million into it. Do you believe that?So when did this start?RUFO: This started actually, in the early 2000s. That's when they really established these first DEI programs. They're spending, you know, tens of millions of dollars a year now on these programs that look, they don't advance scholarship, they don't advance knowledge. They aren't about effective teaching in the classroom. They're about making the entire administration, the entire university, really a home for left wing political activism.And if that's not bad enough, taxpayers are subsidizing this kind of ideology with billions of dollars across all of the Ivy League institutions, and so, when you're seeing these campus protests, when you're seeing these radical anti-Israel rhetoric, taxpayers should know that you are in part footing the bill.KILMEADE: It's unbelievable, because we also have to find out who is donating to these schools outside our country -- the UAE, Saudi Arabia -- where's this donor list? You found both of them have donated substantially, and that seems to be their philosophy in their own countries.Among the people upset on the left is Senator John Fetterman. He was given an Honorary Degree from Yeshiva and you see what he does. He takes off his Harvard hood. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): And for me personally, I do not fundamentally believe that it's right for me to wear this today.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: So he was honored for standing up for Israel by Yeshiva and they gave me a sustained applause.Bill Maher, also, somebody from the left who doesn't understand where this came from. Are we beginning to turn the page on this now that we have the spotlight on it?RUFO: Yes, I think we are. We're seeing pressure, you know, moving from right to left, where even people in the reasonable center are now seeing exactly what's been going on, on campuses.And you know, whether it's John Fetterman or Bill Maher, you know, these are people who should have seen it coming. Many of us have been warning about these precise conditions that have been created on campuses and that said, however, you know, we have to welcome them into this big coalition.Because, look, here's the fundamental thing that people need to understand. Antisemitism on campus is the smallest nesting doll. The second one is kind of anti-White, anti-European sentiment. And the third one is anti-American and anti-West sentiment.These are all nesting doll ideologies. These are all part and parcel, they go together. We have to not only defeat one of them, we have to defeat all of them and we welcome anyone into our coalition to do so.KILMEADE: Absolutely. And we've got to find out who's teaching our kids. And I just got to say this, Edward Said, the first member, he was -- Edward Said was the first to translate a different type of doctrine over there in these schools, and you have this other, Rashid Khalidi, basically Middle Eastern Studies professor from the PLO. So fantastic. That who is teaching your kids for $70,000.00. More good news.DEI became -- more and more companies and colleges walking away from it. The latest MIT, Fortune 100 companies, they're beginning to say this is unsustainable. We're out. Correct?RUFO: Yes, that's right. And in fact, legislators are taking action. We've now abolished the DEI departments in public universities in five states with more to come soon. And even left wing tech companies in Silicon Valley have slashed DEI departments by up to 90 percent.They're realizing that it's bad for the bottom line, that it's bad for company culture, and that it pits employees against one another on the basis of their ancestryThis is wrong. It's wrong in every institution. And I for one will not stop fighting until it's gone everywhere in this country.KILMEADE: Absolutely. Chris, thanks so much for your great work. Appreciate you sharing with our audience.RUFO: Thank you.KILMEADE: All right, you got it.Meanwhile, next, I go one-on-one with Charlamagne tha God to talk everything from the pressure he feels to endorse President Biden again, to how he really feels about the vice president. Keep it right here. That's coming your way only on ONE NATION.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JACKIE IBANEZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live" on this Saturday night, I'm Jackie Ibanez in New York.The Idaho man convicted of killing his first wife and two of his current wife's children has been sentenced to death. Chad Daybell was found guilty of murder and conspiracy last week. It's a case driven by extreme religious beliefs. The investigation started with a search for his wife's children back in 2019. Their bodies were later found in Daybell's yard.His second wife, Lori Vallow Daybell was convicted with the same murders last year. She is serving life in prison without parole.Meanwhile, here in New York Columbia University is preparing to welcome alumni back to campus this weekend. That prompting security today to break up a pro-Palestinian encampment that was set up Friday.A spokesperson for the university says they are monitoring the situation. No word on any arrests.I'm Jackie Ibanez. Now back to ONE NATION. Enjoy.KILMEADE: All right, it's been a tough year for the New York Mets. How many times have I said that -- as they are clearly one of the worst teams in baseball.And on Wednesday, the dysfunction was on full display. As now the former Mets pitcher, Jorge Lopez was ejected from the game. On the way out to the dugout, he decided to take his glove and toss it into the stands.Well, it actually got worse from there when he was asked in the locker room by the media: Why did you throw your glove into the stands? Do you regret it? Lopez said this --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Do you regret doing that?JORGE LOPEZ, BASEBALL PITCHER: No. I don't -- I don't regret it. I think I've been looking the worst team, probably in the whole (bleep) MLB so, you know whatever happened, happened.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Okay. He doesn't regret it because his team sucks.The next day the Mets released him. He's now looking for a team and a gloveNow this story, unrelated. He's a multimedia phenomenon. When politician stop by his radio show, "The Breakfast Club," they seem to always make headlines.And now Charlamagne tha God is making headlines of his own with his brand new book, it is really good; "Get Honest or Die Lying: Why Small Talk Sucks."I had a chance to sit down with him to discuss the election, how he handles the pressure to endorse President Biden and how he really feels that Kamala Harris. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HOSTIN: Now, is not the time in my opinion to sit this one out.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, "THE BREAKFAST CLUB" HOST: Yes. I didn't say that. I never said I was sitting it out. Nope.HOSTIN: What are you going to do?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I'm definitely voting in November, but what I like to focus on is issues not individuals like you know when you have --HOSTIN: But why not endorse?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Huh?HOSTIN: Why not endorse Biden?WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": We need you to do it on our show.HOSTIN: An endorsement from you would matter.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Well, I think -- well, the reality is I think both candidates are trash. It is just the number one reason.HOSTIN: Help him out. Help him out.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: The pressure on you to endorse Joe Biden. I was a bit astounded on your book tour on the pressure on you. It is not that you feel it, but you're getting it.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Yes, I'm not Captain Savior Joe. Okay. That's not what I'm here for, all right?So yes, they were asking me, you know, why I won't endorse. Like, what does it matter? I mean, it's not like, I'm not even telling people not to vote.I want people to participate, you know, in the voting process, but all I'm going to do is put the issues out there. I think that this election this year is about the Republicans who are the crooks, the Democrats who are the cowards, because they don't fight for nothing. And the couch, which is voter apathy.And I think the couch will probably -- will probably win, and whose fault is that? It's not the people, it's the candidates.KILMEADE: So why do you think Republicans are the crooks?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I mean, damn. Their candidate for president has 88- plus criminal charges right now.KILMEADE: How many of you think are legitimate?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I have no idea. But I do know that if Barack Obama had 88 criminal charges, it wouldn't be a question of how many are legitimate? It would be he is not qualified to run.KILMEADE: I have not seen an African American poll with Trump less than 20 percent. Why do you think he's picking up his Hispanic, Black or minority support?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I don't know if he really is. And the reason I say that I think a lot of those polls might be slightly overstated. I do think it will be an uptick.I don't know -- I can't see 20 percent of Black people voting for Donald Trump. I'm not saying that these guys don't have a base. Of course, Joe Biden has a base of people that support him. Of course, Donald Trump has a base of people that support him.But as far as like those hypothetical swing voters, you know, the youth vote, the people who are just, you know, turning 18, who want to go out there and vote. They're not inspired by either one of these candidates.("THE DAILY SHOW" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Then this has turned a solution called diversity, equity, and inclusion. The truth about DEI is that although it is well- intentioned, it's mostly garbage.KILMEADE: Do you believe that there's still a place for that? Do you think it's been overdone?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: No, I actually absolutely think there is a place for it. The DEI I was talking about was corporate DEI. I was talking about, specifically corporate initiatives.You know, these people who promise to donate all of this money to all of these different Black organizations, and that money never came to fruition.It was a lot of performative things, you know, it wasn't things of real substance. That's what I was speaking to.I actually think, my man, John Hope Bryant, man, John Hope Bryant is a brilliant friend of mine, and he has this theory, which I agree with.Diversity, equity, and inclusion is the only way that America's GDP is going to grow in the future, because like, there's not enough college- educated White men right now to sustain our current GDP.So you're going to have to teach Black people and Brown people, you know, these different skillsets, and you're going to have to teach them, you know, about financial literacy and how to empower themselves on the business front, just to continue to grow the country of America.We can't sit here and act like, you know, America is not a country of immigrants.KILMEADE: On education, if you have a chance to scholarship minorities into charter schools. Are you in support of that? And are you surprised so many Democrats are not?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I didn't know Democrats were against it.KILMEADE: Uniformly, they're almost against charter school opportunities, especially the governor here in New York, the previous one and the current one. They don't want to open up any new ones. There's money there to deal with, they want to keep the schools empty because the teachers unions want to make sure those charter schools that aren't unionized do not begin to thrive, yet the results are better. Is that something that you have trouble tolerating?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I'm not an education expert, when I hear it, when I hear you say, you know, scholarships for school, I'm never going to be against scholarships for school.KILMEADE: You knew Kamala Harris when -- before she was vice president, and you had great hope for her, and that was one of the reasons you supported the Biden-Harris ticket last time.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: She was the reason.KILMEADE: She was the reason.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Yes.KILMEADE: And what happened?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: She really does care. I think she is handcuffed a lot a lot by this administration. And it's interesting, because they --KILMEADE: Why do you think that?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: What do you think she is --KILMEADE: Why do you think she's handcuffed?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Because I know her and I know what she stands for. And I know, you know, the things that she wants to do that she may not necessarily, you know, be in a position to do because she doesn't want to overstep the president.KILMEADE: Do you think she would be a good president?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: She wouldn't be any different than any other Democrat.When I hear people say things like, we should be terrified of a Kamala Harris presidency. We should be scared of a Kamala Harris presidency. Why?KILMEADE: Right.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: You know why, because she's a woman of color.KILMEADE: I don't think so.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Oh a hundred percent.KILMEADE: Do you do you think that Nikki Haley didn't get the nomination because she's a minority?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I think Nikki Haley probably didn't get the nomination because he was afraid to stand up to Donald Trump.KILMEADE: Oh, she stood up to him.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Nikki Haley didn't get like that until towards the end. I said you know months, months ago that I felt like the GOP was doing themselves a disservice by not making her the nominee because I think people want something different so bad --KILMEADE: Right.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: -- right now in this moment that she probably could have ended up getting votes, you know, from both sides.KILMEADE: Are you optimistic about the country? And what should someone take from the success you've had in your career?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I'm always optimistic about the country because of where I come from. You know, I mean, I grew up on a dirt road in Moncks Corner, South Carolina.Optimism is the only reason I'm in the position that I'm in.The beauty of America is that it dares us to dream.(END VIDEOTAPE)KILMEADE: It doesn't matter if you agree with everything or anything he says, his story is great and the book is excellent."Get Honest or Die Lying," Charlamagne tha God. Go get it.Meanwhile, next, we dive into the changing landscape of college sports and how the pay-to-play will impact those smaller revenue schools. Well, Riley Gaines wants to speak up about that, the outstanding swimmer who also has a great book.Oh, quick note, catch my live show, History, Liberty and Laughs two new locations. And by the way, everyone who does the meet and greet gets a signed copy of "Teddy and Booker T."I'll be in Indianapolis June 29th, Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, July 27th, battleground state. Go to BrianKilmeade.com and I will see you there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: All right, you may have heard this. The NCAA coming to a history- making settlement with its five power conferences now allowing schools to pay their players for the first time in about a hundred years. The nearly $3 billion settlement says damages over 10 years to past and current players, well, they're going to get paid off, and also charting a course for a revenue sharing plan that allows each school to share up to $20 million per year with its athletes.That means that all Division One athletes dating back to 2016 are eligible to receive a piece of the $20 million pie. They're still working out the details.While many are cheering this agreement, the future of college sports for my money hangs in the balance because what about the smaller sports? What about the smaller schools?Here to discuss this momentous chapter in college sports is Riley Gaines, an outstanding swimmer in her day at the University of Kentucky and non- revenue generating sport.Riley has got a brand new book coming out and it's out now. It's called "Swimming Against the Current: Fighting for Common Sense in a World That's Lost its Mind."Riley, I know a lot of details has to be worked out. But I'm really concerned about my sport, soccer, lacrosse, swimming, fencing wrestling. We don't get big money to do that sport. We don't bring in a lot of revenue. What happens to our sports?RILEY GAINES, DIRECTOR, RILEY GAINES CENTER: No, you're right to be concerned, Brian. They have decided to take their medicine, the NCAA has, in the form of a very expensive dose of cough syrup.The bottom line is that paying athletes is bad for college sports. It's bad for amateur athletic, but especially non-revenue sports and smaller revenue schools. It is harmful to maintaining the competitive drive, the integrity of collegiate sports, and since the NCAA has created these rules that essentially allow student athletes to sell their name, image, likeness and paying athletes in this case, we have been inundated with stories of greed and betrayal and manipulation and different things.When I was in college, I was grateful. You know my efforts were rewarded with a free education, and like I said, I was grateful for that.KILMEADE: I understand. I want to find a way to get those higher revenue athletes' money because most of them don't go pro, but maybe after they leave school, and believe it or not, they need the government to step in. I can't believe I just said that. But they need somebody to step in and referee this deal, a lot of money is going around and don't kill other sports that mean so much to us.Let's move on and talk about something that Jerry Seinfeld says that I think fits with your book. He says he misses the old days. Tell me if you subscribe to this, Riley. listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JERRY SEINFELD, COMEDIAN: As a man --BARI WEISS, THE FREE PRESS: Are you sure you are? Are you?SEINFELD: Can I say that? Yes. Well, I've always wanted to be.WEISS; Yes, I didn't ask your pronouns before we began.SEINFELD: I've always want it to be a real man. I never made it, but in that era again, it was JFK, it was Muhammad Ali. It was Sean Connery, Howard Cosell -- you can go all the way down that line. That's a real man.I'm going to -- I want to be like that someday.I miss dominant masculinity. Yes, I get the toxic thing. I get it. I get it. But still, I like a real man.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Riley, you miss the old days that Jerry is talking about?GAINES: Of course, I think he said it perfectly. We are a nation in decline for a variety of reasons. I think number one, we live in a godless society, but two, it's because we are a nation that is led and governed by weak men in virtually every realm. Whether you're looking at the federal government, whether you are looking at academia, whether you are looking at the NCAA, though it's very obvious we are led by weak-kneed, spineless, morally bankrupt cowards.I believe we would be a thriving nation again. I mean, you think of the 1940s, right, Brian, the self-proclaimed greatest generation, but really, these were men who were actively and willing to lie about their age, say they're older than what they really were so they could enlist and fight for this country. We're so far past that, 80-ish years later.KILMEADE: Yes, we're afraid to recognize each other's gender and "Swimming Against the Current," can you talk about how you emerged as a spokesperson? Did you always have that in you? Were you speaking out in third grade, seventh grade, 11th grade? Was that Riley Gaines?GAINES: I've always been a leader. I credit a lot of that too to playing sports, if at all, I credit it to my wonderful family and to my faith.You know, I was -- I grew up a Christian so, of course, my values aligned conservative, but I was relatively apolitical before all of this, but unfortunately, it took me being directly impacted in the way that I was before I found it worthwhile and necessary and urgent to take a stand, the stand I've taken these past two years or so, which I am doing with a smile on my face, Brian.KILMEADE: Right. You did it because you gave up the dentistry even though you have great teeth to work at places like Fox, write books like you did and be on our show. We appreciate it.Riley, thanks so much.GAINES: That's right. You're the best, Brian. Thank you.KILMEADE: Okay. Meanwhile, don't forget to take ONE NATION on vacation. Get this, send us a photo or video with you wearing some of our stuff. We will put it on TV, OneNation@fox.comJean did just that in Raytown, Missouri, kind of. She took ONE NATION on vacation to see Tyrus' show at Farmington Civic Center in Farmington, Missouri. She writes, "Sorry about the Gutfeld shirt." Thanks, Jean. But you had the right mug. She's almost got it down.More ONE NATION in just a moment.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: so in honor of my new friend, Charlamagne tha God, on this week, as you know, I feel it's only right to share my donkey of the day. He does it all the time on his show, or the week I should add. It is Corey Harris, because you just can't make this up.A Michigan judge was astonished when the defendant, my main man, Corey. You're looking at him right there, who was charged with driving with a suspended license dialed into his virtual court hearing. Driving.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COREY HARRIS, DEFENDANT: Just give me one second. I'm parking right now.JUDGE CEDRIC SIMPSON, WASHTENAW COUNTY: So, maybe I don't understanding something. It says here, driving while license is suspended.NATALIE PATE, PUBLIC DEFENDER: That is correct, Your Honor.SIMPSON: And he was just driving. And didn't have a license.HARRIS: Oh.PATE: That is what the charge is, Your Honor, yes.SIMPSON: I don't even know why he would do that. So defendant's bond is revoked in this matter. Defendant is to turn himself into the Washington County Jail by 6:00 PM today.HARRIS: Oh my God.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: What can you do? You got caught. No one could get him out of that. But I'm sure he's a good guy. Maybe he had to learn his lesson the hard way and I hope he took an Uber home after he checked himself into jail and I hope he is indeed out.A quick note, be sure to send you a video in, talking about questions you want answered, comments on the show, in turn, we will give you some of this great stuff. We'll mail you a hat, a shirt, a mug, a thermos, and of course, take us on vacation.Go to OneNation@fox.com and we'll send it out and they will get your address.Meanwhile, be sure to tune in to "Fox & Friends" tomorrow. Over the course of four hours, they're going to go live to the Tunnel to Towers Annual Climb. Great cause, great organization. Great show.Please listen to my radio show from nine to noon. Go to BrianKilmeadeShow.com if you're not in our family of affiliates. Got John James' book; Michael Goodwin, Josh Kraushaar. It's going to be great.Talking about great, that's what "Fox News Saturday Night" is set to bring you, a great show starring the great Jimmy Failla.That's a lot of greats. Now, we can just take it and we'll go.