JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It was very, very fun. Tonight "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" at 8:00 ALINA HABBA, Kayleigh McEnany, Michael Shellenberger and Johnny.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: All right, tonight I am hosting "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" because Laura is at an airport.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hey, you skipped me.PIRRO: I did.PERINO: That's so rude.WATTERS: Wow, the skip.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Did you see that, Bret?BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I did see that. That was slick.WATTERS: What is happening?BAIER: OK, nice job. Thank you, Greg.GUTFELD: See you.BAIER: Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, closing arguments in former President Donald Trump's criminal trial in New York, prosecutors trying to convince a jury the presumptive Republican presidential nominee engaged in a conspiracy and a cover up.Defense attorneys argue the prosecution's star witness, Michael Cohen is a massive liar. In fact, they said Cohen is the GLOAT, the greatest liar of all time, and they are pressing for an across the board acquittal.Both sides trying to score points with the jury before it starts deliberating the first felony case against a former American president.Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the New York State Supreme Court as he has been tonight. Good evening, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Bret. As prosecutors continue making their closing arguments tonight, former President Donald Trump described it on Truth Social in one word. During a brief break he posted boring on Truth Social and this comes as prosecutors reveal more color about the underlying crime that Trump is accused of. He's accused of unlawfully influencing the 2016 election by suppressing stories -- negative stories about him with Michael Cohen and David Pecker while Trump maintains this entire case should be dismissed.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We'll see how it goes. This is a very dangerous day for Americans.FOY (voice over): During closing arguments, former President Donald Trump's lawyer Todd Blanche highlighted the importance of Michael Cohen's testimony and his history of lying under oath. Something Donald Trump Jr. spoke about outside the courthouse.SOMETHING DONALD TRUMP JR., SON OF DONALD TRUMP: If there was an MVP, if there was a goat of liars, it is Michael Cohen.FOY (voice over): Inside the courtroom, Blanche called Cohen the greatest liar of all time saying, "You cannot send someone to prison based upon the words of Michael Cohen."Judge Juan Merchan admonished Blanche for saying that and reminded the jury it's his decision alone to decide Trump's punishment if he's found guilty.Prosecutor Joshua Steinglass responded to Cohen's credibility concerns, saying, "Michael Cohen is understandably angry, arguing he's the only person who paid the price for engaging in a conspiracy with Trump and former American media CEO David Pecker."Trump's team objected to that, arguing that Cohen's guilty plea and Pecker's non prosecution agreement don't imply Trump's guilt, but Juan Merchan overruled them.TRUMP: We have a judge who's highly conflicted, he happens to be corrupt. Worst confliction.FOY (voice over): Trump's lawyers ended their closing argument with 10 reasons to doubt prosecutor's case. Blanche said this trial is about documents, not allegations of an affair by adult film actress Stormy Daniels.Blanche asserts there's no evidence that Trump falsified business records. He also reminded the jury that former Trump aide Hope Hicks testified that Trump worried about his family and his wife Melania when the Daniels story resurfaced, this defies prosecutor's allegation that Trump meant to unlawfully influence the 2016 election, the underlying crime that elevates the 34 counts Trump faces to felonies.(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): The jury is expected to begin deliberating tomorrow. Before that, Judge Juan Merchan will give them the jury instructions. It will take a unanimous decision by the jury to either convict or acquit former President Trump, Bret.BAIER: Nate Foy, thank you. The judge overseeing former President Trump's classified documents case in Florida is denying prosecutor's request to bar the presumptive Republican presidential nominee from making public statements that could endanger law enforcement agents participating in the prosecution. Essentially, stopping a possible gag order.Judge Aileen Cannon says prosecutors on special counsel Jack Smith's team did not give defense lawyers adequate time to discuss that request before it was filed. She says prosecutors can file another petition.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALVIN BRAGG, MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY: Donald Trump was arraigned on a New York Supreme Court indictment returned by a Manhattan grand jury on 34 felony counts of falsifying business records in the first degree.The evidence will show that he did so to cover up crimes relating to the 2016 election. Everyone stands equal before the law, no amount of money and no amount of power changes that enduring American principle.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Here County District Attorney Alvin Bragg April 4th 2023, that was the initial rollout. So where are we now as the jury is about to get ready to get this case, let's get some analysis from Fox News Chief Legal Correspondent, anchor of "FOX NEWS SUNDAY", Shannon Bream, and Jonathan Turley, professor at the George Washington University Law School.Thank you for both being here. I know you were in side in the overflow room, and you were kind of right there listening to all of those arguments, which at times, and they continue that this hour, as seems pretty long for these closings.Shannon, your thoughts on the day and who made what points?SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: So, I was inside for the defense case today. And I got to say, they did what we assumed they would do as saying, if this is all pegged on Michael Cohen, let's walk through his journey here. And they talked about how he lied to his wife, to his kids, to bankers, to state judges, federal judges to Congress, both houses of Congress, they went through it over and over again.Todd Blanche, Trump's attorney said he's lied to you during this trial, they went through things and they said even though some of these are small, he lies if it's a small deal, if it's a big deal, you've now got to decide if he's lied to you from this stand, because that's the decision you've got to make, everything is tied to Michael Cohen's linchpin.Now, when the prosecution took its turn, and began this afternoon, they said, oh, no, we have mountains of evidence that have nothing to do with Michael Cohen. I think all of us who've seen what they've got so far, we call that a stretch. But they say there are other places to peg this. And they don't have to rely on Michael Cohen while also acknowledging, yes, he lies sometimes. Bret.BAIER: Jonathan, we've talked many times before about how this judge appears to at least have been, at times listening to the objections of the prosecution and not sustaining the defense objections. Did that hold the form today?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It did and at point, I was in disbelief. At one point, the prosecutor said made reference to Cohen committing an election violation upon the orders of Trump.Now, Merchan previously gave an instruction that Cohen's plea of guilty to that count cannot be attributed to Donald Trump.So, the defense objected, they haven't objected much. And He overturned it. And I looked at -- I just couldn't believe that because that's exactly in my view, that the instruction is supposed to avoid.Also at point, Steinglass, the prosecutor seems to be becoming a witness. He is saying things that I can't find anywhere in the record. You know, he talks about what are the standard procedures for the media and for political organizations that they don't do this type of catch and kill operation.Well, Hillary Clinton's campaign killed and planted numerous stories during the same election, and the judge will let that go through. So, there were points, quite frankly, that my hair almost caught on fire as a criminal defense attorney.Now, having said that, St. Louis has done a good job. In many respects, I think he stuck the landing at various points. Other points have been almost mind numbing, as he goes through telephone call after a telephone call. And you would think that some of the jurors are ready to snap their own next. I mean, it is really slow going.BAIER: You know, the average attention span, Shannon is, you know, 17, 20 minutes max, we're working on a long prosecution close here that is going to it seems go into tomorrow morning. There is risk in that I suppose?BREAM: There is when you lose the jury and like Jonathan was saying, their eyes begin to glaze over after document after document after document, you have to lose and wonder how much persuasiveness you may be losing in the process.Now, the prosecutors unless something there's an unusual ruling here that goes outside the norm. They're going to be the last voice that this jury hears, the defense went first. That's how it works here in New York State court and they're done.So, the prosecution has to weigh do we use brevity is the soul of wit, do we use that to wrap up with a good line? You think about that line that Todd Blanche earlier today, the greatest player of all time, GLOAT, you've left the jury with a line they're going to remember.The prosecution threatens to derail itself if people completely check out worrying about kids at home, how long this is going to take and what comes next.So, it's always a gamble. And it sometimes seems just like you say, in politics, if you're explaining you're losing, so if you go too far down these roads, you sometimes lose jurors who think why is there an over explanation of all these things we've already heard about.BAIER: Jonathan, the most important thing perhaps is how the judge instructs the jury, what they -- he tells them they have to do their instructions as they head into the deliberation.Let's just say it could go either way. Obviously, it could be a hung jury, it could be an acquittal, it could be a conviction. If it is a conviction, is there an appellate process fast enough that would deal with things prior to an election?TURLEY: Well, first of all, I think that of those options, and acquittal is fast moving outside the realm of possibility. I think it's just extremely unlikely. I think the choice between a hung jury and an outright conviction, I still think that is such a weak case, one has to give a nod to a hung jury.But if there is a conviction, and that would not necessarily surprise many of us. I know, I don't think that this could make it through an appeal before the election, at least, to its final -- to a final appeal. You can't just I think leap over the New York appellate system tried to get to the Supreme Court. There are many, in my view, reversible errors here. I think they're very serious. I think that Merchan is not going to be able to correct all of them in these instructions.And every indication is that is so far is that these instructions will greatly favor the prosecution.And as Shannon said, there was a huge disadvantage in this system of having the defense go first. For most of us who don't practice here, it's almost unthinkable, because it means the defense can't respond to some of these really sweeping statements.In my view, improper statements being made by the prosecutors, they will also have an advantage by going long today, they may try to run this towards eight, which means that if the drop dead date or time is seven, the last thing this jury will hear before instructions will be an hour of their closing argument. That's ideal for the prosecutors.So, I think for the defense, they'd like to run this as late as necessary to keep the prosecution from getting the last word right before the instructions.BAIER: Well, you've been at this all day and for several days and weeks, I'm not going to do trial casino and make you have a bet on this. But I appreciate the time, thanks.President Biden appears to have a new reelection strategy using actor Robert De Niro to refocus attention on former President Trump's role in the January 6th Capitol riot, that press conference happening just outside the courthouse today.That comes as the new report suggests President Biden's poor polling is causing some major turmoil within the campaign and within the Democratic Party.White House Correspondent Peter Doocy has that story live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The White House is not confirming reports tonight that whether Trump is found guilty or not guilty, President Biden will speak about the verdict from here to urge Americans to respect the judicial process.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I do not speak on trials.DOOCY (voice over): The recent polling trajectory leading to a freakout according to a Politico article, quoting a democratic insider, donors ask me on an hourly basis about what I think, the advisor said. Calling it's so much easier to show them, so while they read it, I can pour a drink.The DNC is also racing to keep Biden on the ballot in Ohio, where deadline comes before the convention. DNC chair Jaime Harrison says through a virtual roll call, we will ensure that Republicans can chip away at our democracy through incompetence or partisan tricks.Biden officials have not been winning persuadable voters on the economy or immigration so they're trying to make the Election more about January 6th.MICHAEL TYLER, JOE BIDEN CAMPAIGN ADVISER: And we're here primarily because of the threat that Donald Trump poses to the United States of America and to our democracy.DOOCY (voice over): In a hastily arranged press conference near Trump's Manhattan trial with speakers drowned out by a car alarm, one Biden supporter took things even further. Robert De Niro.ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: Donald Trump wants to destroy not only the city, but the country and eventually he could destroy the world.DOOCY (voice over): Next week, Hunter Biden is on trial on gun charges. One witness his ex-girlfriend, Beau's widow Hallie got a surprise visit at home this weekend from the president. Hallie Biden is a key government witness who allegedly disposed of a gun that Hunter is accused of buying illegally. President Biden was at her house this week.JEAN-PIERRE: I think the American people should also be told the full breadth of this, he visited her days before the anniversary of the passing of his son and she has family.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): So, the White House is definitively saying the two of them did not talk about upcoming testimony. White House officials will not tell us yet how President Biden plans to monitor this trial in Delaware that starts next week.The White House has previously said that President Biden will not pardon Hunter Biden if he is convicted. Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.Coming up, large and powerful storms unleash havoc across Texas. We'll take you there live.And later, a progressive congresswoman says voters will make President Biden pay over his Israel policy.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The Trump campaign is issuing a stern response over Biden's surrogates, stomping outside the courthouse and his criminal trial. We just showed you that a bit ago, including Robert De Niro.Here is correspondent Mark Meredith.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): So, the Biden folks have finally done it. Tonight, the Trump case Campaign is slamming Democrats' decision to campaign outside the former president's criminal trial, labeling it desperate.JASON MILLER, SENIOR ADVISOR TO THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN: Their numbers were in the toilet. Kamala Harris has a terrible alternative. And just all an attempt to try to turn around the Biden campaign.Republicans, including Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton, who's reportedly on Trump's V.P. shortlist say it's no surprise the Biden campaign wants to shake things up.SEN. TOM COTTON (R-AR): The American people are tired of sky-high inflation, the chaos of an open border. And Uncle Sam wearing a kick me sign on his back.MEREDITH (voice over): Former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley, a Trump critic turns supporter, spent the holiday weekend in Israel, accusing the Biden administration of not doing enough to support the Jewish state.NIKKI HALEY (R), FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: What America needs to understand if Israel's fighting our enemies, how can we not help them? The sure way to not help Israel is to withhold weapons.MEREDITH (voice over): The Israel issue has already hurt Biden among progressives, but Biden supporters tell Fox, it's way past time to consider changing the ticket.REP. JARED MOSKOWITZ (D-FL): We're well past that conversation. You know, President Biden is going to be the nominee.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What (INAUDIBLE)?MEREDITH (voice over): Next month, Biden will hold a fundraiser in Virginia with former President Clinton and Secretary Clinton.Trump recently scored the support of one of the country's richest men, Steven Schwarzman, the billionaire CEO of Blackstone. He says he's backing Trump, because, "The dramatic rise of antisemitism has led me to focus on the consequences of upcoming elections with greater urgency."(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): Meantime, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is inching closer to qualifying for next month's debate. He'll need at least 15 percent in four national polls, and beyond enough ballots to have a pathway to the presidency. Today's campaign says it turned in more than 135,000 signatures to get his name on the New York state ballot. So, Bret, they are working on this piece by piece.BAIER: On the signatures. Mark, thanks.Well, stocks today next as bond yields spike ahead of key inflation data. The Dow dropping 217. The S&P 500 finished ahead one. The NASDAQ gained 99 to a new record close, topping 17,000 for the first time."FOX WEATHER ALERT" now, as hundreds of thousands of people in the Dallas Fort Worth metroplex are recovering after powerful thunderstorms barreled across that region, producing baseball sized hail and hurricane force wind gusts.The storms come after at least 25 people were killed across five states during a severe weather outbreak over the Memorial Day weekend.Fox weather correspondent Robert Ray is in Valley View, Texas tonight with the latest. Good evening, Robert.ROBERT RAY, FOX WEATHER CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Indeed, 25 people across seven states have lost their lives over the course of the past several days. Memorial Day was not what people expected here, especially in Texas.Look at these visuals, if you can, of Valley View, about 60 miles to the northwest of Dallas, and they are catastrophic. Seven people lost their lives here including a 3 and a 5-year-old child.Now, we've been talking to survivors on the ground here for days. And this morning I spoke to one gentleman, Randy Lane, who he and his wife hunkered down in their home on Saturday night when the tornado came through in the darkness. And they could feel their home being lifted off the foundation and brought back down.And when all of that fury ended, they walked outside into their neighborhood to hear the screams and also to try and help neighbors. Let's listen to his account.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RANDY LANE, TORNADO SURVIVOR: When we found her, she said, I can't feel my legs -- I can't feel my legs. And when we started moving stuff, we noticed that a two, two by two was stuck and she was bleeding on one side of -- one side of her head. But we knew that we had to get her out of there because she was telling us she was having trouble breathing as well.So, they got her out, and got her -- to got her to safety, got her to the ambulance.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAY: Unbelievably graphic descriptions. And we hear this all around. And I can tell you, those neighborhoods that are destroyed in this town of about 1,000 people, well, there is no cell phone service whatsoever, Bret.That's why I'm standing here behind me on Interstate 35, a gas station where the tornado began, where literally over 100 people took shelter, and there are dozens injured.Again, it has just been catastrophic. That woman that Randy Lane was describing, she is in the hospital, her outcome moving forward unsure. We know she is going to live, but the injuries are not good. And her daughter who was 4-years-old found nearby in a ditch, miraculously, OK.Those hurricane force winds that came in here this morning, over 75 miles an hour caused extreme damage, yet, again, and we have more storms on the way in the coming days. Bret?BAIER: Robert Ray in Texas. Robert, thanks.Up next, after a big weekend in Israel and Gaza with the war there, there is major criticism for one progressive congresswoman over her explosive comments about President Biden's handling of that war. We'll bring you that, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Breaking tonight, the White House is condemning the loss of life of dozens of displaced Palestinian civilians as a result of an Israeli airstrike in Rafah. But officials say it is not planning -- the White House is not planning any policy changes. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said a, quote, tragic mishap was made in carrying out that airstrike.Meantime, that U.S.-built temporary pier being used to deliver additional humanitarian aid into Gaza was damaged by rough seas and has temporarily suspended operations. It will be removed for repairs. The pier began operations last week. The setback is the latest which has already seen three U.S. service member injuries, four of its vessels beached, and aid not getting to civilians.Meantime, there is considerable backlash tonight over progressive Congresswoman's Rashida Tlaib's attendance and comments at an anti-Israel event where she criticized President Biden's support of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Another speaker at that event has ties to a foreign terror organization. Congressional correspondent Aishah Hasnie has the story from Capitol Hill.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)REP. RASHIDA TLAIB, (D-MI): You are an enabler, President Biden.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Squad member Rashida Tlaib twisting the knife into President Biden over the weekend, accusing him of standing on the wrong side of the Israel-Hamas war.TLAIB: He shields the murderous war criminal Netanyahu and the Israeli government.HASNIE: Tlaib's words and her presence at the People's Conference for Palestine in Detroit causing quite the stir because the event also hosted Palestinian activist Wissam Rafidi. Rafidi Was arrested by Israeli forces in 1991 for running an underground publishing house for the group called Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a group designated as a terrorist organization by the U.S.Republican Congressman Mike Lawler is now calling for Tlaib to be removed from Congress as House Republicans keep highlighting the Democrats' divide over Israel.House Speaker Mike Johnson today boasting about boxing in Senate leader Chuck Schumer into welcoming Netanyahu to Capitol Hill despite some opposition from the left.REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: He got public pressure and agreed to cosign the letter. I expect that Prime Minister Netanyahu will come soon.HASNIE: The House could also soon introduce a bipartisan bill that would sanction the ICC for going after Netanyahu. It's expected to gain some Democratic support while facing the ire of progressives ratcheting up the heat on the White House.REP. ILHAN OMAR, (D-MN): We still need to keep the pressure on. It is unconscionable what is happening.(END VIDEO TAPE)HASNIE: And Bret, FOX did reach out to Tlaib's office to get a comment about her preference at that conference in Detroit over the weekend. Her office has not responded. Bret?BAIER: Aishah Hasnie on Capitol Hill. Aishah, thank you.Pope Francis is issuing an apology tonight after he was quoted using a vulgar and derogatory term about gay men to reaffirm the Catholic Church's ban on gay priests. The comments were delivered behind closed doors to Italian bishops on May 20th. A Vatican spokesperson says the Pope never intended to offend or express himself in homophobic terms.A military onslaught unfolding in eastern and northeastern Ukraine is bringing Kyiv to what could be its biggest test since Russia's full scale invasion began in February of 2022. And as Ukraine receives more and more western aid, Russian President Vladimir Putin is warning of potentially dire consequences if those western weapons are used on Russian soil. Here is correspondent Alex Hogan.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Mounting pressure to lift restriction that ban Ukraine from using western weapons to strike Russian soil. NATO's chief says it's self-defense.JENS STOLTENBERG, NATO SECRETARY GENERAL: The right of self-defense includes also striking targets outside Ukraine, legitimate military targets inside Russia.HOGAN: The Ukraine and Sweden are on board. Today the leaders of France and Germany announced they had now support Ukraine in neutralizing Russian military sites from which Ukraine is attacked. The U.S. State Department says it does not agree, citing concerns of escalation.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We don't encourage or enable strikes outside Ukraine's borders.HOGAN: Still, there's no urgency amid reports that Moscow is amassing troops on Ukraine's northern border. The move is possibly in preparation for a new offensive near Kharkiv where forces are already desperately trying to maintain their ground. Belgium today pledged 30 F-16 fighter jets for Kyiv within the next four years. The Netherlands committed parts of a patriot air defense system, and Spain says it will send additional air defense missiles.But Russian President Vladimir Putin is now warning NATO nations if Ukraine uses western supplied long range weapons in Russia, it's their land at risk.VLADIMIR PUTIN, RUSSIAN PRESIDENT (through translator): They are primarily countries with small territories and dense populations. And they should take this into account before they speak about strikes into Russian territory.(END VIDEO TAPE)HOGAN: As Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy continues his European tour to shore up security assistance for his country today, he also called on President Biden to attend a peace summit which is scheduled in Switzerland next month. Bret?BAIER: Alex, thank you.Up next, the panel on the Biden campaign blitz against former President Trump as closing arguments get underway in the former president's criminal trial in New York.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. At least seven people are dead in the Philippines after a typhoon hit the country Friday then lingered over the islands for several days. The storm caused flooding, toppled trees and forced closures at several seaports, stranding thousands there.Six people in Hong Kong are in police custody, including a former organizer of the city's decades long annual vigil that commemorated China's Tiananmen Square crackdown, for allegedly publishing seditious social media posts. The group is the first publicly known arrests under the city's new national security law, a measure that has deepened worries about the erosion of Hong Kong's freedoms.And this is a live look at Rome. One of the big stories there tonight, Italy celebrates the return of about 600 antiquities from the U.S. They include ancient bronze statues, gold coins, mosaics, and manuscripts valued at more than $65 million. For decades, Italy has been efforting (ph) the recovery of these antiquities that the country claims were looted or stolen.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: This is election, hunting election interference. It's going after Joe Biden's political opponent because he can't do it himself.ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: Donald Trump wants to destroy not only the city but the country, and eventually he could destroy the world.KARL ROVE, FORMER GEORGE W. BUSH DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF: It politicizes the trial. This was so over the top as to simply be useless. And what a stupid mistake on the part of the Biden campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, some of the sights and sounds today as this prosecution close continues at this hour. They are continuing and likely going to continue until the close today at the courthouse, and maybe continue tomorrow morning before the judge gives instructions to the jury. Meantime, there's already a lot of analysis about what happens politically if there is an acquittal, a hung jury, or conviction. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: An acquittal or a hung jury, that, actually, I think will have an electrifying effect for former President Trump in the sense that him being able to discredit all of the cases against him by saying, see, this is all just politics.SARA MURRAY, CNN POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT: It's very likely this is the only trial that we are going to get before Election Day. And this case is not a slam dunk, which means that Donald Trump may very well not be convicted. Acquitted is the worst case scenario for Democrats because then it's the only trial you have.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The only trial you have before the election. Meantime, in New York, this is in New York, the Siena College poll, 47-38 in the state of New York. New poll out.Let's bring in our panel, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, and Katie Pavlich, news editor at Townhall.com.OK. Guy, it's more and more surreal as you go through this. It's the first, obviously, criminal trial of a former American president. But now you have an actor outside with a press conference in Robert De Niro. You have had a parade of Trump supporters, including the House speaker and other lawmakers, some of them wearing the same outfits. I mean, it has been surreal, and now we are at the stage with the jury is going to get this case.GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: On the De Niro appearance, whose idea was this, really? The Biden operation has said for months that they're staying away from this, it's not political. This is a very serious matter. It would be improper for us to get involved. And then on the second to last day of the trial, they show up for a press conference with their spokesperson outside the courtroom, the courthouse, to troll the former president. And they bring with them in tow a Hollywood actor wearing a COVID mask outdoors? This is absolutely bizarre.And the backdrop to this, Bret, is today this town was abuzz over a "Politico" story saying that Democrats are experiencing a, quote, full blown freakout over the Biden campaign, and the campaign said, just hang on. We got this. We got De Niro. It is baffling.BAIER: Meantime, Katie, the judge in this case, Judge Merchan, continues to let the prosecution, in the words of our own Trey Gowdy in the courtroom, have a wide strike zone as far as letting them go places that clearly a lot of people thought maybe they shouldn't go, as far as the prosecution. In other words, allowing the guilty plea from Cohen on federal election charges and allowing all of that to come in as if it has an impact on this case specifically. And it continues at this hour. It just happened again, another representation of no objection, no problem.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: The judge has certainly given the prosecutors a wide range of issues they can bring into their arguments while very severely limiting the defense. It's quite the opposite. And the judge has been helping the prosecution in that sense. And the prosecutors' goal is to convict the former president of something that is not a crime, which is why you are hearing them over and over again bringing in salacious details, relying on Michael Cohen, who they admit even in court is a liar. They are not trying to convict him on the actual charges of business fraud. They are trying to convict him on these things that are not crimes.And that goes to the argument that this is a corrupt trial brought against the former president for political reasons in combination with all the other lawfare that they have thrown against him. And then you add in this bizarre, as Guy said, press conference today at the last minute from the Biden campaign, trying, again, to get something to stick when it comes to Donald Trump. It's not working. And Biden, according to polling out today in an average, is behind in a number of swing states by four points in places like Nevada, Arizona, and Georgia, and ahead by two in places like Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin.BAIER: But do you think the thought process is just to breakthrough to get oxygen to the Biden camp even if it takes an actor like Robert De Niro?PAVLICH: That may have been the idea, but it has certainly backfired just like a lot of the polling is backfiring on the idea of trying to convict Trump on crimes that actually aren't crimes at all.BAIER: Juan, what about these polls that numerous reports now, and a big "Politico" report today that say Democrats and the campaign are in red alert status, we showed that polls that single digits in the state of New York. We have seen Minnesota down to three points separating them. Is this a red alert at this point, even as this could lead to a conviction this week?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: I don't know about red alert. I think there's high anxiety, if that's what you mean. I think people are very anxious about the election, because I don't think there is any Democratic pollster that I have been in touch with who doesn't say anything but this is going to be very close election. So the question then becomes, where do you stand at this moment?Now, the recent polls all generally there is some exceptions, as you just heard, but generally in those swing states, Trump has a small lead. And what that means is that then you are looking at 270 electoral votes and it becomes harder for imaging how Biden could get there.But Democrats do think that when you look at people who voted in 2020, those same polls indicate that Biden still is the winner. The people who are making the difference, pushing up the Trump numbers, are people who are, well, let's say low proclivity voters. They don't -- necessarily aren't the kind who are sure to turn out. There are certainly the kind who pay attention late in the game, so you are looking at September, October, before they really focus on this election. And that's what the Biden camp is hoping for, that they will focus and see a choice between Trump and Biden.But just to circle back to where we started with the De Niro stuff, I thought it was kind of like the circus came to town. I mean it's like -- you have heard "Real Housewives of New York." This is real celebrities of New York clashing in tabloid wars. I don't see -- it's hard to imagine how this benefits the Biden campaign.BAIER: Yes. We're going to talk more about this, more about the messaging, and a little bit about overseas developments after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Democratic messaging is full of --Talk about cost of living, and we are going to help deal with this. And don't talk about -- Gaza and student loans.PAUL BEGALA, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: This fixation on getting credit for his accomplishments I think goes about it the wrong way. What the Biden campaign needs to do is go on the attack.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Poll after poll suggests that the population, even Democrats still don't understand what has been accomplished.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: OK, so that's basically what we are talking about. We're back with the panel. "Politico" with this big piece, "Dems in full blown freakout over Biden. "There is still a path to win this, but they don't look like a campaign that's embarking on that path right now" said Pete Giangreco, a longtime strategist. Representative Ritchie Torres, a New York Democrat known for his ardent defense of Israel was similarly concerned for his party. "The greatest political challenge confronting the president starts with "I", but its' not Israel. It's inflation."And if you look at the job performance from our recent poll, again, underwater on the economy, majorly on inflation, majorly on border security, and the Israel-Hamas war.We're back with the panel. Guy, so you can read through the lines of these stories and say this is real.BENSON: Yes. And the soundbites that we just played there involve people on the left complaining about messaging and perception. And as we keep coming back to with this president and this administration, they don't have a messaging problem. They have a reality problem. They can complain and whine that people don't really have enough gratitude for all their accomplishments that they are unaware of. If things were going better in the country, all of this would fall into place for them and they would be getting more credit.The problem is people attribute the pain that they have been experiencing for years to the president who has been in power for the last three and a half years. And you can have the best messenger in the world -- Biden, granted, is not that, neither is the vice president. You can have a much better messenger and still have the substance issue.BAIER: Katie?PAVLICH: While Donald Trump is ahead in the polling on issues that affect everybody directly, inflation as it attacks on all Americans, and the issue that Americans care about the most, Joe Biden is still trying to cobble together his base politically. And you're seeing even today with this Politico headline saying there's a major problem within the party. They have regrets about maybe not replacing Joe Biden early on when they could. And now they're in this position where the administration is throwing things against the wall and hoping they can get some credit.You had the president over the weekend saying we are going to tap in and sell oil from the northeastern reserve to try and mitigate gas prices ahead of the summer vacation season, right ahead of an election. You've seen him doing a number of student loan bailouts or reallocations of debt to the middle class to try and get some kind of political win. And he's running out of time when it comes to getting some kind of legislative deal on Capitol Hill. And his record is one that caused inflation through the Inflation Reduction Act, which solely fell on Democrats.So they are having a hard time selling accomplishments that actually did damage to the people they are trying to get to vote for them.BAIER: So the "I" is inflation, according to Ritchie Torres, but "I", Israel, this is "Axios," White House assessing if Israel violated red line with Rafah strike. Biden administration still assessing whether an Israeli strike that killed at least 45 displaced Palestinians at a tent camp in Rafah on Sunday is a violation of President Biden's red line, according to two U.S. officials telling "Axios." Here is John Kirby on what they're looking at.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: We have to understand what happened here. There is going to be investigation. They've already said it was a tragic mistake. They are looking into it. They have been able to investigate themselves and hold people accountable in the past. We'll see what they do here.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So it just adds to the complexity politically on that issue.WILLIAMS: Right. So let's stop for a second on this polling thing, and say, well, what happened in the last month? Why is it that Biden's numbers seem frozen in the last month and frozen behind Trump? What happened in the last month? Israel. Israel has been right there, and clearly Joe Biden and his administration, strong supporters of Israel, but very little control over Benjamin Netanyahu, the prime minister, who seems to have his own agenda in terms of accomplishing a peace deal that would bring an end to this conflict.BAIER: Or eradicating Hamas, one of the two.WILLIAMS: Well, whatever you want to do, but it's not happening.And the second thing has been the college campus protests. I think that you're going to start to see, though, at this juncture, and I think we saw it today. Remember, Robert De Niro was accompanied by some cops from the Capitol Hill January 6th event. I think you are going to see a focus more on reduction in crime numbers taking place and saying to people we've got the best economy in the world.And I think that once the Mexican election is past, you are going to see more of an effort to speak out about what is going on on the border from the Biden administration talking about the slower influx of immigrants during this spring.Again, this is what you're going to see in terms of messaging to say we have got the best economy in the world. It's time for you to -- for people to celebrate.BAIER: Yes, the border might be a tough sell for what wasn't done at the beginning. But we'll see how they frame it. Panel, thanks.PAVLICH: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: OK, it's time for "Tuesday X'Tras." First up, RL Waters asks, "If you had five minutes to evacuate your home due to an emergency, what would you make sure was with you as you left?" I would make sure my family and my dog Cocoa was with me. The rest of it is just stuff.Up next, Crystal wonders "What is your best ever golf score?" Good question Crystal. It's 67. It's been a long time.Lastly, Club Bream asks "Any news on more "Unauthorized History" documentaries or new books from you?" Thank you for the question. I didn't even plant it. Yes, we are working on a couple of "Unauthorized Histories" for FOX Nation and a book that I can't talk about yet, but it's coming next year.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, I will speak exclusively with North Dakota governor, former Republican presidential candidate Doug Burgum about the presidential race, maybe some V.P. questions?Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is coming up next.