DOUG SCHOEN, FORMER HILLARY CLINTON ADVISER: I think if he does that, he will minimize even potentially eliminate the importance of this conviction to yesterday.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Doug, thank you. Lee, thank you.We'll see how it falls out a lot on this tomorrow on my morning show on Saturday at 10:00 a.m. See you then. Here's THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Shannon Bream and Greg Gutfeld. 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Donald Trump going scorched earth on his guilty verdict and Joe Biden doing a victory lap on the left successful law fair campaign. The president telling millions of Republicans that they have no right to call the trial rigged.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The American principle that no one is above the law was reaffirmed. Donald Trump was given every opportunity to defend himself, it was a state case, not a federal case.And it's reckless, it's dangerous, it's irresponsible for anyone to say this was rigged just because they don't like the verdict.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The big guy then sporting a goofy grin as he ignored questions from reporters, watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, can you tell us sir, Donald Trump refers to himself as a political prisoner and blames you directly. What's your response to that, sir?Do you think the conviction will have an impact on the campaign? We'd love to hear your thoughts, sir.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Should he be on the ballot, sir?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Before Biden's lecture on norms that the Democrats broke, Donald Trump went off on the verdict for about 40 minutes and says he's ready to fight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: If they can do this to me, they can do this to anyone. These are bad people.From the leading person for president and I'm under a gag order by a man that can't put two sentences together. It was a rigged trial. We wanted a venue change where we could have a fair trial. We didn't get it. We wanted to judge change. We wanted a judge that wasn't conflicted. And obviously, he didn't do that.Crime is rampant in New York. Yesterday in McDonald's, you had a man hitting him up with machetes -- machete then Bragg is down watching a trial. This is bigger than Trump. This is bigger than me. This is bigger than my presidency.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Trump's saving some of his best lines for the sleepy one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of our country, he's the dumbest president, most incompetent president, and he's the most dishonest president. He's a very big danger to our country. And the only way they think they can win this election is by doing exactly what they're doing right now, win it in the courts because they can't win at the ballot box.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, you have one president smirking like a weirdo, Harold Ford. And then you have former president unscripted about 40 minutes took us through the whole trial, took us through what it meant for the country in the Constitution. How would you gauge both of these reactions today?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Good to be -- good to be back around the table. I would say -- I would say a couple of things.I think the partisan exuberance at any level, any time after a trial does nothing to enhance confidence in the ruling or enhance confidence in our judicial system. I tried to share yesterday that we need to show some restraint.Politics is a part of everything. And it's even part of the judicial system at some level because some of our D.A.s across the country are elected. Some of our judges are elected and if they're not, they're appointed.And if they're appointed, they're appointed by people who had been elected -- who have been elected to office. Some of my partisan friends and some who are Democrat will say that the judge down in Florida, Judge Cannon who's a graduate of my law school, University of Michigan, that she somehow another is a partisan in a race and that the -- not the race but this trial. This case and that the thing may be rigged in favor of President Trump because President Trump nominated, appointed her and she was confirmed. I don't buy that.The judge in the case against Hunter Biden where the case is scheduled to start on Monday. Her name is Judge Noreika, I hope I'm pronouncing her name correctly. She was appointed by President Trump. She's given money to both Senator Cotton and gave money I believe to Senator Romney. Do I believe she can't be fair? Of course not. I think she will be fair, she took an oath unless she demonstrates that she can't be fair somehow and other than that, then I'll agree with that.So, I hope all of that, all of this talk stops. I hope President Trump stopped saying it was rigged. I hope he appeals if he -- if he wants to appeal, and it seems like he will. And if there's -- if he's -- if the law is on his side, it will be remitted for him.And I hope it's the last time we hear President Biden talk about. I thought it was somewhat in bounds to say that he didn't think it was rigged. I think he was trying to protect the judicial system, I would have said that more forthrightly.But I think all of this language, all of this exuberance, political exuberance has to come to a stop. We're going to lose one of the things that makes our country so awesome, so great, so majestic, it's called the rule of law.And just because we don't like an outcome, and even outcomes I didn't like doesn't mean that we should trash the system, you should use the system and employ the system to try to remedy what you think is wrong.And if President Trump who clearly believes the wrong decision was reached yesterday, he should appeal it. And he should appeal it with all the might, and with all the resources that he has to ensure that the right verdict is delivered at some point.And if it's not Jesse, in his mind, he has to accept it. Because none of us are bigger than this thing called the United States of America. In the judicial system, I believe it's an important part of what makes us so unique.WATTERS: Well, Judge, you can say that we have a great judicial system. And we do but you can also abuse the judicial system. And it makes it not so great. And some would say you're rigging it when you abuse it.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: You know, that's why we have appellate courts. Let me -- let me first say that I agree with Harold, that partisan exuberance is inappropriate.As a D.A., I would tell my prosecutors if they came down from court, they had a conviction. I would say no, no, no, no, no, we don't do this. Someone's life has been forever changed. Someone will probably lose their civil liberties, something enormous has happened. So, I agree with Harold in that regard.I totally disagree with Joe Biden. It was a state case, not a federal case, except you sent us an emissary, your number three from the -- your department to prosecute a crime of local D.A.And you know what, people weren't saying it was rigged because of the verdict. And in fact, I don't blame this jury. The jury did what they were supposed to do based upon the charges that were given to them. It was rigged, because out of nowhere, a local D.A. told his -- the jurors in a case that if you decide that there's a violation of the federal election campaign law, or a violation of federal tax laws, you don't have to be unanimous on it. But we can resurrect some dead misdemeanors, and we can convict not just anyone but a former president of the United States, who is the number one opponent of Joe Biden, who sent his main guy down there to help them get that that verdict through.Look, this is a new time in America, there are tens of thousands of prosecutors out there right now licking their chops saying, you know what, we have crossed the Rubicon.I don't like the county executive, he doesn't give me money for my budget. I don't like the governor, I'm going to indict him, I'm going to squeeze witnesses, I'm going to -- I don't even have to charge, you know, and get a judge who agrees with me, or make up a crime. Let's just go in there and start, it's a bad day for America.And Joe Biden, don't talk to me about being irresponsible and dangerous. Your Department of Justice allow the statute of limitations to run for your son Hunter Biden, so we couldn't get him indicted and prosecuted for the main years. And he got millions from Russia and China and Ukraine. They let the statute of limitations run. And it's only because of a judge who said we're not going to let your son get away with the gun charge. But we'll see how that goes.WATTERS: We will and we're going to see soon how that goes. It starts next week.We just have brand new video of President Biden reacting to the Trump verdict, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Does this conviction helps Trump in the election?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you worried that this could happen to you someday? Somebody comes up with some charges and tries to bring you into court after your term?BIDEN: Not at all. I didn't do anything wrong. (INAUDIBLE).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And when Trump says you're just trying to bruise him, what do you say? What would it be politically? He thinks you're pulling the strings behind the scenes doing all this to help yourself.BIDEN: I didn't know I was that powerful.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, so Shannon, he's denying he had anything to do with it. He's also saying, you know, if someone wants to come after me after I finished up my term, wouldn't happen because I didn't do anything wrong. He has no idea if this is going to help Trump. He never really answers anything, does he?SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, but what I like is he at least feels the questions from Peter Doocy. It's like one of the only people who will talk to you. So, Peter gets there and at least gets him to engage. So there's some kind of conversation with those two.But to the point about worrying that our institutions are being used, Gallup, Pew, all this polling, people are signaling they don't feel good about our institutions, they're worried about them.And our colleague Kerri Urbahn pointed out today, the attorney general back in 1940, Robert Jackson, who became a Supreme Court Justice said this to his prosecutors, warning them that this is not supposed to be a political weapon.In the speech back in 1940. He said, prosecutors can choose their defendants and that's the most dangerous power of the prosecutor, he can pick people he thinks he should get rather than pick cases that need to be prosecuted with the logbooks filled with a great assortment of crimes, a prosecutor stands a fair chance of finding at least a technical violation of some act on the part of almost anyone.So, prosecutors do have a ton of power. They've got a ton of discretion. I've heard from people who feel frightened, they're worried about how the system is going to be used. They're also angry.And as Punchbowl, one of the political pieces that goes out every morning by e-mail pointed out, the GOP knows that angry voters are motivated voters. That's the other emotion we're hearing from people and they're hoping they can capitalize in November.WATTERS: Greg Gutfeld.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jesse Watters.WATTERS: Would you like to expand on anything anybody said here?GUTFELD: Not really.WATTERS: OK. Well, up next.GUTFELD: The weird thing about like Republicans, conservatives, independents, it takes a lot to piss him off. The Dems, the left, they're different. They'll protest at the drop of a pussy hat. They'll take over buildings, they might even set them on fire. They'll ruin graduations, they'll glue themselves to famous art, they'll stop traffic, they'll ruin hard-working people's days over nothing.And what do we do? What do we do? We mind our business, right? We go about our lives until a line is crossed.Yesterday, that line was crossed, you can feel it and the Dems know it. They served up a delicious giant hill to die on that they lit a two ton stack of dynamite under our asses to help us take the hill. I think they know that.The Dems in the media will repeat the phrase convicted felon so many times, you will relish the days of Russia, Russia, Russia, but you can't let it work on you. Because that was the plan.They're using convicted felon to erase four years of disastrous policies by this. If you just say Trump's a convicted felon, we'll forget about crime, immigration, inflation, and they assume you will and that is insulting.If I were Trump's team, I would come up with a most-wanted poster with Trump on it, most wanted by America. You know what? There's something to be said about having an outlaw president.So, I see this as a win because it fires up the Republicans and it unites people who normally wouldn't be united. And it woke the bear and the bear is hungry and it's pissed.Meanwhile, when you look at the dems, where's their fire? They seem exhausted, and they seem -- they seem scared, and they should be because the pushback is coming. And it's not from Trump. It's from everyone else who feels insulted by the same crew who orchestrated four years of progressive failure, and now they expect to be able to repeat it by removing Trump from being a candidate.So, after all is said and done, the Dems are stuck with Joe, you can't be fired up over a corpse. It's foolish to think that this verdict erase that reality just because you tried to injure the adversaries horse, doesn't mean you're dead horse is going to start running.I mean, you look at that weird exit, if somebody flashed a light at him, he would walk toward it.WATTERS: I liked that, the wanted poster.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: Not a bad idea.PIRRO: By America.GUTFELD: I'm filled with great ideas.WATTERS: Yes, once in a while you are, Greg.GUTFELD: Just like you are filled with moose.WATTERS: And gel. Huge programing note, don't miss former President Donald Trump on "FOX & FRIENDS WEEKEND" this Sunday morning, starting at 6:00 a.m.Coming up next, the liberal media spiking the football and the Trump travesty of justice calling it a majestic day.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: The liberal media and Democrats relishing in their top political opponent being found guilty.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a majestic day and we are rightly saying the system worked like clockwork.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: This is a moment of sort of democratic reset, small democratic reset for us as a country.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: His whole dream was to be respected in Manhattan and it was in Manhattan where he was brought low. I think there's something interesting and poetic about that.JIMMY KIMMEL, HOST OF "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE": It was very satisfying to finally see this guy get some comeuppance.JOY BEHAR, ABC NEWS HOST: I was at Costco buying 10 boxes of Keurig coffee. And my watch started to buzz and I got so excited. I started leaking up a bit.SUNNY HOSTIN, ABC NEWS HOST: I felt like America won. I felt like New York won. I felt like the Manhattan D.A.'s office won, I felt like I won.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Wow, the lawfare lovers also wasting no time in hyping their new talking point about the former president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): He is now a convicted felon.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: People really have to say to themselves, am I going to vote for a convicted felon?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In the most simplistic way from here on in, the other side has the ability to take the great brander and brand him in the most simplistic term convicted felon. And that's powerful.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: I want to say something you've never ever heard me say before. But Donald John Trump is a convicted felon.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Convicted. I got to go right to you, Greg with that.GUTFELD: That was amazing.PIRRO: What do you think of that?GUTFELD: She wanted to say it so badly that she couldn't say it. I'm more worried about Joy Behar and 10 boxes of Keurig coffee. I would hate to be her toilet.You know, this is to be predicted. These people are hacks. The fair definition of a hack is finding joy in somebody's bad luck, even if what brought them bad luck was wrong. It's like you should a -- a true person, a true Democrat and I've seen -- I've seen other Democrats say this that as much as they hate Trump, this was wrong.They're saying they don't care it's wrong. They hate Trump. The key is not to fall into this trap. And as a viewer, anybody, just you got to channel your anger and frustration into productive work, turn it into energy, don't waste your time looking at that stuff.You know, you lose a battle, figure out how to win the war. And you can only do that if you're focused, good health, strong frame of mind. And it pays to note, none of these cranks and hacks were celebrating about something that directly benefits the average American, they weren't celebrating because they got rid of no cash bail, or reduced inflation or fixed a poor sport border. They were rejoicing over their own mental state.Those other bad things will continue because those bad things don't matter to them. It's their derangement that gets priority. It's no different when they put their mental suffering over Trump's mean tweets ahead of a country that had low inflation and no wars.But voters are different. They need to have practical stuff. They're paying the prices. They're the victims of crimes. They don't care. They don't have to like Trump, they just want a leader that will solve these problems.You're seeing people with adulting a luxury belief, their hatred of Trump is all that matters. Kimmel, he doesn't care about crime. He's got tons of security. "The View", you know what, they're -- you know, they can afford large meals as we can see.PIRRO: You know, Jesse, the interesting part of this is that they keep saying that when Donald Trump comes back, you know, he's going to be Hitler. And even though we've got four years of his never being Hitler, but he had a Justice Department too.And when he first became president, people kept saying lock her up for the e-mail scandals and all the other stuff. The Clinton Foundation, they made Eric Trump takedown you know, his charity for St. Jude. Donald Trump never weaponized his Justice Department.WATTERS: Donald Trump's Justice Department was weaponized against him. They had a special counsel investigating him. That's how ridiculous it was, Judge.My mom is celebrating. She texted me that she was dancing after the verdict, dancing. And then she kept all day sending me 34, 34, 34 felony counts, Harold, you know exactly what I'm talking about.And she's a grandmother -- she's a grandmother. Get it together, mom. Oh my, God. So, usually when you see a crime, Judge and you know this better than anybody, violent crime for instance, people do become happy when there's someone that's convicted because you think, well, one, that person is going to be removed from society because then they can't commit another crime and you feel a little bit happy for the victim's family, because they have a sense of justice.Who's the victim here? Why are they celebrating anything? There is no victim, why are they happy? Who are they happy for? If anything, Donald Trump's the victim of this case. Permission to make an analogy.GUTFELD: Permission granted.WATTERS: This is like taking someone taking a huge bong hit. Holding it in because you got to hold it in, right, Harold?FORD JR.: I've never done that.WATTERS: You blow it right into someone's face, right? And then you demand they get drug tested. What happens on the drug test? Their positive of cannabis. And then you're celebrating their positive. You blew smoke in their face. What do you think is going to happen?GUTFELD: You hotbox them.WATTERS: You hotbox Trump. Now, the other thing, Judge, too. The Democrats have been saying for what? 10 years. This is a rigged system. We have a racist criminal justice system. That racist D.A. is racist judges and racist police are purposely going after Black men and women and prosecuting them and incarcerating them.So, they admit -- they admit that the system can be rigged widespread against millions of African Americans, but they say they can't rig the system against one man. They just did.PIRRO: No doubt about it. What do you think of Rachel Maddow saying that, this is a moment of democratic reset? What do you think she's talking about?FORD JR.: I don't know. I think that --WATTERS: He's still high from smoking.FORD JR.: I am not one. Just for the record, I've never drug -- I've never done a drug in my life.PIRRO: Me neither.FORD JR.: But the --GUTFELD: You are a drug.WATTERS: I'm going to sniff you, Harold. Come here.FORD JR.: I'm a bask -- I'm a basketball fan. And the greatest coach to ever coach college basketball was John Wooden, a great coach, like coach of UCLA who once said, you can never let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.I think when people are down, my friends are down or having hardship, some people run away from people. I run to my friends. I certainly don't pounce on people, even if they're my enemy, or my adversary or someone who have been at odds with.If they're down, my fate tells me to help lift them up. So, at my part, my whole notion about partisan exuberance is just isn't there's no place for it.Now, I'm not going to blame someone or judge someone rather for doing that. But it doesn't -- it doesn't serve the body politic for that to happen.And whether it's "The View", whether it's the people on the other side who are talking about things, I agree with you also in the rigged thing, I'm not one that believes that the -- that the criminal justice system is rigged because of examples of people being discriminated against.We should fix that just like every police officer is not a bad police. 99 percent of police officers are great people who everyday risked their lives to create a safety in our neighborhoods and community. We got to find better ways to support them and train them.So, I'm just not -- I'm not a believer in this rigged thing.WATTERS: Well, they abuse the law right in front of our own eyes, Harold.FORD JR.: Who is that?WATTERS: The prosecutors and the judge down in lower Manhattan.PIRRO: How can a local D.A. prosecute for federal crime? And I'll go to you with that.BREAM: OK, well, I will just say this. And whenever this stuff starts in Washington, there's always this conversation like remember, whatever gets used by you is going to be used against you at some point, I think back to 2013, when Harry Reid said we're blowing out the filibuster for all of these judges so we can put through the Obama nominees.2017 when Republicans were in charge, they blocked the filibuster rule for the Supreme Court. And that's how three justices from President Trump ended up on the Supreme Court.So, if you think this is great the way it's been used this time, just be ready because others are going to use it against you.PIRRO: Great point, Shannon.BREAM: I try.PIRRO: Oh, you try.GUTFELD: Do you really try?BREAM: I try very hard just for you, Greg.FORD JR.: The tit for tat has to stop at some point. Just the back and forth.WATTERS: Well, fine, we get to arrest Michelle Obama. Fine. Fine, Harold. What's fair is fair.PIRRO: Don't even go there. Ahead, Donald Trump vowing to appeal this scam verdict, but will Alvin Bragg throw him in prison first?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We're going to be appealing this scam. We're going to be appealing it on many different things. He wouldn't allow us to have witnesses. He wouldn't allow us to talk. He wouldn't allow us to do anything. The judge was a tyrant.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Donald Trump vowing to appeal his guilty verdict sentencing is set for July 11th, four days before the RNC Convention and time is of the essence. Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg is not ruling out trying to send the former president to prison. And some folks in the media seem to think jail is in in the cards.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is the most serious falsifying business records case in the history of the state of New York. Oh, I think serious risk of jail sentence not serving.ARI MELBER, HOST, MSNBC: So, you think they will ask for jail.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The pearl clutching amongst Republicans about the idea that he would go to jail from the people who were cheering Donald Trump's lock her up chant in 2016 is a little rich.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: I want the judge to give him six months.SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: Six months at Rikers and then the rest, five years -- four and a half years of probation. That is under the New York law.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: And six months at this table.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Judge, notwithstanding all of the exuberance from someone on the side there, what are -- what do you believe are the two or three most important arguments, most powerful arguments that the president's team can -- the elements of that appeal.PIRRO: On appeal. Look, the fundamental problem here -- and the case is riddled with appeals, so I'm going to keep it real short. Number one, a nonunanimous verdict on an element of the crime. And there is no question that column A, B, and C was an element of the crime that catapulted the dead misdemeanor or resurrected them to felonies, OK.FORD JR.: Say that in English. I know what you're saying, but tell the people. What you really saying is they didn't agree on the second crime.PIRRO: OK, all right, what I'm saying here is a judge said if he violated the federal election law, the federal tax law, or falsifying business records in the second degree, then if you find any of those --FORD JR.: Any of those three.PIRRO: Any of those three that's an element necessary to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt, but the judge said, number one, you don't have to be unanimous. Number two, we don't even know which one it was. And number three -- and by the way, all criminal verdicts have to be unanimous. Number three, a local D.A., a local county judge has no jurisdiction over a felony crime. So, they were acting as federal prosecutors in a local case. That's number one.FORD JR.: Question number two, the jurisdiction, nonunanimous -- the two is the jurisdiction but the -- those are two separate ones. I think -- I think you're going down a list of pretty strong ones. So, what's your third one?PIRRO: OK. So -- and the third -- you mean the third column?FORD JR.: Yes, third column.PIRRO: Federal election.FORD JR.: Right.PIRRO: Federal taxes.FORD JR.: No, no, the third element of the appeal that's powerful.PIRRO: Oh, the third element of the appeal is that they blocked the testimony of Brad Smith. They allowed Michael Cohen and David Pecker to -- number one, Cohen was allowed to say I pled guilty to a federal election campaign violation, and David Pecker was allowed to say I entered a nonpros agreement with the Department of Justice or with the FEC. And then when they brought in -- they tried to bring in an FEC guy, Brad Smith, and the judge basically said no.And then the third or fourth is, wait a minute, you should have an adverse witness charge because of columns the voucher, the invoice, and the check, nobody put Donald Trump on any of those important bookkeeping records. Allen Weisselberg was the guy who made the decision. The prosecution didn't call him that's a missing witness that the jury should have said you can presume. He would have said something negative to the prosecution. That's why they didn't call him.FORD JR.: I think that one's a weak one. I think your first two are stronger. What do you think about the jail -- what they're talking about in terms of the sentencing? What do you think is going to happen?WATTERS: I think he's the only person the Democrats ever want to put in prison. Everybody else they let out, so it's ridiculous. He's 70-something. He's a former president. He's got no track record. These are nonviolent misdemeanor Frankensteined into a felony. If this judge tries this, there's going to be a revolution in this country. There's no doubt about that.PIRRO: I agree.WATTERS: But if Biden is still down like he is on July 11th, I wouldn't put it past Bragg and this judge to get together and try to put him in jail, maybe house arrest. But wouldn't that just move this right to the Supreme Court, Judge? Couldn't you do an emergency appeal straight to SCOTUS?PIRRO: Here's the issue. You've got to be able to show there's a due process violation and an interference with the election and get a common law writ and try to bring it up and hope they'll take it. Look, we're still waiting for immunity from them. But normally they'll say let the state courts exhaust their appeal. We'll see.FORD JR.: What do you think about the appeal and the strength of the arguments that -- some of the argument that --BREAM: I agree with a lot of that. And you got to remember, Harvey Weinstein who most people find reprehensible had part of his con thrown out by New York Court. Here who said there were all these peoples and other crimes that were allowed to come in as testimony, I think that the Trump team could mine some of that in this one and say, like, wait a minute, there was all this other stuff that was allowed in. Harvey Weinstein is getting another shot at this. I think that's one of the strongest things that they have.But I would also say I had other thoughts to write down but Jesse stole my pen. And then I noticed after he stole it, the jokes on him because it ran out of ink.WATTERS: It did.PIRRO: It's all karma, yes.FORD JR.: Exclamation Point, what are your thoughts on the sentencing and or the elements of this appeal?GUTFELD: Well, I -- my worry about the appeal is that the court is still in New York, it's still New York Liberal judges. And if you think that they're going to play fair after all this -- I mean, I don't think the Dems came this far not to complete all the steps. So, I assume the worst. I don't think they're just going to stop and go, oh, we hand it over.I look at it a little differently in terms of what comes next because the Dems have created an environment through lawfare where we believe that they are capable of anything. So, everything's going to be looked at with a large measure of suspicion. We're going to presume everything is rigged. Sorry but we have four years of watching this happen.So, if Trump who 77 suddenly dropped dead from a cardiac arrest on the golf course, and it's real, do you think anybody's going to believe that after everything we've been through? They better hope that Trump stays healthy and is well protected because if anything happens to him, you're just going to assume the Democrats are behind it. And if Trump is way ahead and still loses, oh, boy, I think it would be great if they locked him up because I'd love to see him do a presser in the yard with dudes pumping Iron right next to him. You know, you'll still -- if he -- if he was in supermax, you'd still see him more often than Biden.FORD JR.: 10 seconds more. What is the sentence?GUTFELD: The sentence is going to be probation. And I want to be his probation officer.FORD JR.: Shannon, what will be the sentence?BREAM: Well, and if he got probation, remember, he'd have to let them know every time he was going to travel out of state which he does all the time. So --FORD JR.: Jesse, what's -- what you think the sentence is?WATTERS: I did the Red Wave wrong. I'm not making predictions.FORD JR.: I think I think 60 days home arrest and a two-year probation. What do you think, Judge?PIRRO: You know, I think if they want to be really vicious about it, they can give him a conditional discharge, a condition of which is that he's got to wash windows or go to the park and clean it up. They will do anything to humiliate this man.BREAM: I think he'd have fun with it though. If they gave him something like that --PIRRO: Yes, he'd probably get some voters.BREAM: He would.FORD JR.: We shall see. Ahead, the another major court drama that's about to shake up the 2024 race, Hunter Biden's gun trial.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Yes, be careful what you wish for is that song. There's another historic trial that's about to send a shock wave through the 2024 campaign. Jury selection set to begin this Monday for Hunter Biden's gun case, making it the first criminal case, criminal trial of a sitting president's son. Hunter is facing three felony counts all related to his alleged illegal purchase of a firearm back in October of 2018 while in the throws of a drug addiction.Judge, you don't think this might actually happen. You think maybe a deal comes together this weekend because the last thing fell apart.PIRRO: I think that that they cannot afford at this point to have a trial go forward with all the negative press, so I think they're going to work out a plea deal. They're going to say this guy doesn't have any priors, and whatever, he's a great guy, he's a wonderful kid and they're going to work out a deal. But I think the irony here is the son of the most anti-Second Amendment president we've had is using this Second Amendment to get rid of the gun charges based on his Constitutional right to have a gun.But if it goes to trial, he's dead to right convicted both on the lying on the form as well as the gun possession.BREAM: OK, I want to read you something from the DOJ filing in this case. They say this. The defendant's laptop is real. It will be introduced as a trial exhibit and it contains significant evidence of the defendant's guilt. They add this. Moreover, the evidence on his laptop is corroborated by independent sources including witnesses. It is also corroborated by the defend own admissions in his book, Harold.FORD JR.: I agree with the judge on this. I would not be surprised if there was an agreement reached over the weekend. I think for many, those who are around Hunter and his family, I think the laptop is more -- whether they're able to, you know, prove that he -- that I think there's some even issue that maybe there was a chain of custody issue, whether or not he filled out the application with the form. So, all that stuff would come up. But I think it's the laptop and some of the contents that would probably be the most embarrassing.I will say this. I said it yesterday that -- Justice Sonya Sotomayor wrote the majority opinion, I saw you on earlier, in a case that protects the NRA because their rights were violated, their First Amendment rights were violated by the New York Department of Financial Services. So, I think judges can be -- can be fair in these things.And I think as much as we -- President Biden may be anti-Second Amendment or may not be an that Second Amendment or even Hunter, people are afforded the protections of the law. But I agree with you, I think they're going -- I agree with the judge, I think they're going to find an agreement before the weekend is up.BREAM: Jesse, you think it's about the fact that at least in part they don't want that laptop coming out? Because we were told it was all Russian disinformation, but the DOJ says it's real.WATTERS: Well, they're not going to present evidence in the laptop at trial that ties Joe Biden to anything. And I disagree. I think this is going to trial.PIRRO: Your lips to God's ears.WATTERS: I think it's going to trial because they tried to cut a deal, what was it, like six months ago and it blew up in their face. And now, the Justice Department was embarrassed and they had -- in order to regain some level of credibility, I don't think they could all of a sudden try to patch together a deal at the last second in the face of this trial, in the face of the last deal that fell apart. It would just be too bad.Now, Wise is the guy, the special prosecutor, his whole career is on the line. He's probably getting calls from Delaware and he's getting heat from Justice to hold firm because this is just blow up the Justice Department if they cut a deal last second. They're going to be presenting evidence of him smoking crack on camera on the day of the gun purchase.And they're going to be bringing in exes, three ex-girlfriends. One is the widow of the other son. And Joe Biden paid her a visit earlier in the week. They say it was about an anniversary but, you know, when is the president ever gone to her house for anything? And so, I don't know what he told her. It looks like witness tampering to me. But I think the message is clear, she better say the right thing.BREAM: I got you a new pen.WATTERS: Thank you very much.BREAM: You're welcome. Greg?GUTFELD: But listen to how we're talking about this. We're like pretty -- we're not all been out of shape over it. You know what I mean? This is the difference.PIRRO: So right.GUTFELD: Like, we're not just going, we got to put him in prison. We're just not like that. And that laptop has enough stuff to put the whole family away. The big guy himself, Hunter, his brother, they're like the Corleone family with head injuries. And Joe's favor if he ever gets you know busted for a crime, we know he's unfit to stand trial, so he's safe.BREAM: All right, "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: The two on the brass.GUTFELD: All right. It's "FAN MAIL FRIDAY." First question from Karen M. What's the best advice you can give in exactly three words? Jesse?WATTERS: Wake up early.GUTFELD: Nice. Judge?PIRRO: Be true to yourself.GUTFELD: That's four. Maybe you should be learning to count. What's your name again? Harold.FORD JR.: Love, forgive, love.PIRRO: Oh, Harold.GUTFELD: Wow.BREAM: Oh, OK.FORD JR.: Otherwise you're going be miserable.GUTFELD: Was he just -- was he just coming on to me.PIRRO: Yes.BREAM: Pretty low, I guess.GUTFELD: I feel like he undressed me.WATTERS: I think he was.GUTFELD: Shannon, three words.BREAM: No doesn't count.GUTFELD: What?BREAM: People will say that, and you keep them moving. I don't mean that.PIRRO: Oh, my gosh.WATTERS: No means yes.GUTFELD: My God.PIRRO: Don't say that.WATTERS: Finally, they admit it. Finally, some woman admits it.PIRRO: No.GUTFELD: My three words, don't do coke.BREAM: OK.GUTFELD: Do we have time?PIRRO: Yes, hit it.GUTFELD: Oh, we have "ONE MORE THING." All right, "ONE MORE THING."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Feeding Frenzy.GUTFELD: Oh, boy.WATTERS: Take up more time. Run it back.GUTFELD: No.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: Oreo has come out with a new limited edition flavor, Oreo Sour Patch Kids . Let me repeat, Oreo Sour Patch Kids. You're going to go first.PIRRO: Hand it over.WATTERS: Cream filled with multicolored sour sugar inclusions.PIRRO: Come on, Harold.FORD JR.: I'm going to wait for you.WATTERS: Sandwich between -- come on, Harold -- two Sour Patch Kids flavored base cakes. Did you ever know they were called a base cake?BREAM: Base cakes? I though it was the cookie --WATTERS: Look at Greg so --PIRRO: I've heard a base camp.WATTERS: So anxious to get to his promotion. Look at him. He can't even relax.(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Why would --BREAM: Wait, you guys like to do it like this? You got -- you got to twist it.WATTERS: "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" 8:00, we got Eric Trump, Kevin McCarthy, Stephen Miller, Clay Travis, Johnny Belisario.GUTFELD: You put Johnny up there.PIRRO: Yes, with Kevin McCarthy?FORD JR.: I like that. Johnny deserves that.WATTERS: Johnny just got a promotion. Greg?GUTFELD: Not a single women, single woman in that bunch.WATTERS: McCarthy identifies as a woman.GUTFELD: OK.BREAM: For tonight.GUTFELD: Wow. Tonight, Guy Benson, Todd Piro, Kat Timpf, Tyrus tonight at 10:00 p.m. It's a banger. Let's do this. Greg's Super Long Tongue News. Oh, you guys are going to love this. Everybody loves a long tongue. So, check out this adorable -- look at that tongue.PIRRO: That's disgusting.GUTFELD: He gets all the ladies.(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Adorable tamandua, otherwise known as an anteater. And his name, get this, is Gonzo. He's at the Point Defiance Zoo and Aquarium in Washington. Don't get any ideas, Shannon.BREAM: He looks defiant.GUTFELD: His super long 16-inch tongue.WATTERS: You're saying 16 inches.GUTFELD: 16 inches.PIRRO: Oh, my gosh.BREAM: I'm sending him the sour patch Oreos. He might enjoy them.PIRRO: Yes. All right, remember the days when you were a kid and anything could be a toy? Check out this baby gorilla named Bruno who made his own carousel out of a plastic disc, and is going round and round and round and round and round and round, counterclockwise. OK, and I'm on "HANNITY" tonight, so there.WATTERS: So, there.FORD JR.: The power of technology transforming a 5-year-old New York's life. A young man named Jordan Marado was born without a right -- born without a hand. He's -- Open Bionics is a company developed a robotic arm for him a hand for him which now allows him to live his life like every 5- year-old. Congrats to this young man. That's what technology can do when it does right.PIRRO: God bless him.BREAM: I love that.WATTERS: All right, Shannon.PIRRO: Hit it, Shannon.BREAM: OK, we're going to use technology to put on "FOX NEWS SUNDAY." Here are our guests this weekend. We've got Speaker of the House Mike Johnson, Senator Tim Scott, is he the on the VP list? He is. Is he going to be the pick? And Democratic Congress Ro Khanna.GUTFELD: Where is Johnny Belisario?BREAM: Johnny is co-hosting "FOX NEWS SUNDAY."WATTERS: We're also going to have a 16-inch tongue reptile.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: That's it for us tonight. Have a great weekend, everybody.