SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Thank you for making it number one on Fox Nation.All right. Hope you'll check it out. That's all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR. Never, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity.Let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld will put a needed smile on your face next. Have a great weekend.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Oh, yes, yes, yes. Well deserved. It's Friday, so you know what that means. Let's welcome tonight's guests.He's got a mind for politics and a face for a Gerber jar. Host of the "Guy Benson Show," Guy Benson.He's a reason to get up in the morning and change the channel. Fox & Friends First host, Todd Piro.Her ideas carry more weight than her actual weight. New York Times bestselling author, Fox News Contributor, Kat Timpf.And he uses manhole covers as frisbees. New York Times bestselling author, comedian, former NWA champion, Tyrus.All right, before we get to some new stories, let's do this.(ANNOUNCER: GREG'S LEFTOVERS)GUTFELD: Its leftovers where I read the jokes we didn't use this week. And as always, it's my first time reading them. So if they suck, we'll deep fry Joe Machi's toes and serve them to the audience as corn dogs.In a break with tradition, CNN plans on airing commercials during the 2024 presidential debates. They also plan on choosing ads that cater to the current president.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: To court his Left-Wing base, President Biden is now promising to appoint more progressives to the Supreme Court. In fact, he's already got his first pick lined up.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: A skull -- a skull attached to a 15-pound dumbbell was pulled out of a New Orleans waterway. Nancy Pelosi thanked the authorities for saving her life.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: The image works. After his guilty verdict yesterday, Donald Trump warned Joe Biden to, quote, "buckle up." Which, of course, is ridiculous. The only time Biden needs to buckle up is when he sits here.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: According to a new ranking, New York is one of the most mosquito infested cities in the U.S. So be sure to run away if you see one of these bloodsuckers.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Aerospace engineers have invented a special suit that can turn urine in your pants into drinkable water. They explain this as part of an effort to make sure President Biden stays hydrated.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I'm just going to be thirsty.GUTFELD: Yeah. Singer Lenny Kravitz revealed he's been celibate for nine years. He said the key to keeping his sexual desire low was by looking at pictures of Lenny Kravitz.Madonna's tour has been hit with another lawsuit by a concertgoer for unwanted exposure to sexual content. Madonna denied the claim, saying that wasn't simulated sex. I was having a seizure.Feds are attempting to track down people seen in footage at P. Diddy Combs' mansion. Not that I'm worried, but I should remind you that there's some pretty realistic Greg Gutfeld costumes out there.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: A white Canadian man has been roundly condemned for traveling in blackface in order to write a book. The backlash is so severe he might lose his job as prime minister. That's Trudeau.North Korea is being accused of sending balloons filled with feces into South Korea, or is what we call the San Francisco treat.Boeing's Starliner is set to launch its first crewed flight into space on Saturday, good luck said the Iranian helicopter.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I don't know. A new study found that crows can count out loud, making them really irritating at the gym.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's funny because they don't really lift weights. And finally, a little smattering of applause. Finally, a man who spent 14 grand to transform into a collie has changed his mind after realizing it's hard to walk.Dude, spending 14 grand just to get your balls licked? Just buy a jar of peanut butter.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: I don't know what that means. I have no idea why you're clapping for that. All right, with the New York verdict in, don't let the bastards win, it's time for.(ANNOUNCER: GREG'S PEP TALK)GUTFELD: Well, there's nothing like dramatic events to put your life in focus. So what's next for Trump or the Republican Party? Or more important, what's next for you? Anger and frustration are only negatives if you don't channel it into constructive energy.Focus toward having a good day. Because a good day is the beginning to a good life. Because their real goal isn't just about taking down Trump, it's taking down you. And only you can take down you. So don't. And you start by having a good day. You can do that and still be pissed, but you can even have a better day if you have a clear mind and turn all that piss into power.Not literally. If that were possible, New York could light the Empire State building with street urine. But make no mistake, something is afoot and it can be discouraging and overwhelming. But that's the goal to overwhelm and discourage you. But that can't happen if you don't let it.They made the mistake of giving us no option but to fight. So the next couple of months are going to be a challenge. And it's easy to retreat into various habits that burn time and brain cells, like endless scrolling, arguing in the comment section, or staring at a media that turns your mind to mush.This might be the fight of our lives. Of your life. And what do prize fighters do when they're facing the bout of their lives? They get in shape, they train, they knock off the bad habits. They get up early. They even go without sex for weeks, though sometimes that's not by choice.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But they don't make it easier for others to beat them by beating themselves first. See, I knew this was going to be that kind of year. I could see it coming. So what did I do? I quit drinking.I didn't want to start every morning with sandbags tied to my ankles. I wanted to get up and fight, and I got tired of being so weak, even Tyrus could take me.MURDOCH: Are you sure you're not still drinking?GUTFELD: But a hangover helps those who want to hurt you. Why would you let them have that weapon? So my advice, get in fighting shape, and you can start by getting stronger, mentally and physically. You can look at what matters around you.One of the aims of the Trump trials is to push everything else that matters off your screen. Suddenly, crime, immigration, and inflation fade into the ether. The things that matter to your family become background noise. While the Left crows about 34 convictions, you're wondering why it costs $34 to buy milk, bread and eggs.Fact is, the Left isn't celebrating because criminals stopped criminalizing, inflation stopped rising, or the border got fixed. Bad things will continue to happen because to them, those bad things don't matter. Keep your eye on that. But most of all, keep an eye on yourself and your family, your friends. Because we're entering the third act of a very important movie.And like any movie where it looks like the good guys are in trouble, the protagonists don't give in, retreat or run off to a bar. They stand up and fight. And the fight begins with you. You are the protagonist in this movie, and only you can triumph. The challenge is there for a reason, and the reason is to test you, to see what you're made of. In some cases, you might not like what you find, but you must persevere.So ask yourself, what are you made of? Strong stuff or even stronger stuff than you can imagine. Why not find out together?(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: All right, Guy Benson, I was on X last night, and I saw you post an upside down flag. First, I was wondering, where do you buy upside down flags?GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, you buy the flag, Greg.GUTFELD: Uh-huh.BENSON: And then you fly it upside down.GUTFELD: No wonder I was looking for an upside down flag store.BENSON: Can I just say, I needed that pep talk.GUTFELD: Thank you.BENSON: It's been a rough week.GUTFELD: Yeah.BENSON: And the most important takeaway for me from your pep talk was I shouldn't take it personally that you always turned down drinks with me, because you quit drinking. A fact I did not know until just now. And I'm feeling much better about myself.GUTFELD: Oh, see? I just work one person at a time. You already feel better. Do you have any encouraging words for the viewers at home or here?BENSON: I think you've pretty much done it there, because the upside down flag that you referenced, the reason I posted, some people were like, oh, is this a Trump martyr thing? No. I think we're in a really dark place as a country, and that's for various reasons. And I don't really see a hopeful path for it getting better anytime soon.Because when you have a leading contender for the presidency convicted, I think in this sham sort of way of all these felonies, if he loses, almost half the country is going to believe it was ripped away from him unfairly.GUTFELD: Right.BENSON: If he wins, the other half is going to say, well, we're shot as a country. We just elected a felon. I think it's really bad for our civic health, which was kind of already on life support.GUTFELD: Yes.BENSON: For the jury to have come down with this verdict, but that's what they've done. And now I'm just going to try to, like, focus on your number one piece of advice, which is to have a good day.GUTFELD: Have a good day. It's the basis for everything.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Todd, as the whitest man in America --MURDOCH: Even with Guy here.BENSON: Excuse me. Excuse me, sir.MURDOCH: Yeah, yeah. Whoa, whoa. Watch it. OK. You're lucky your mama's in the crowd. OK? Number one. Number two, Guy has street credit, so just watch it.TODD PIRO, "FOX & FRIENDS FIRST" CO-HOST: Thank you.BENSON: Could we have a white off one?GUTFELD: Yes, that would be amazing.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: We have to bring in Will Cain, though, too.PIRO: And it has to be on March 28.MURDOCH: Wait, and Jesse Watters --PIRO: National Caucasian Day, you know that.MURDOCH: I get the day off. I love it.GUTFELD: Do you have any pep talks for your friends at the Country Club?PIRO: A. I don't belong to a Country Club, but I do have a pep talk. And here it is. Right now, think so many of the people that are watching this program that saw what happened to the guy they want to vote for, feel frustrated. And they feel like they don't have any control. But I think they're wrong. There are ways that they have control. They can donate. We saw a lot of people donating. If you want to feel like you have some power, give some money.Second, if you really believe in the candidate Donald J. Trump, go out there and convince 10 members of your friends and family, especially in swing states, why you think he should be president. Convince them. Get them to vote your way through reasoned logic.And then third, you can volunteer for a campaign. You have the benefit of time. You can utilize that time, especially if you're a lawyer, contact your local party, get to a polling station and provide your legal knowledge for democracy. The big d that the Democrats always love to espouse.Also, another positive that I think you can take away. Look how this is united the Republican Party. Ron DeSantis is like, hey, I'm going to raise $10 million in Florida. The Democrats are so divided, they have lost Kennedys. You have to think about that. They've actually lost Kennedys. What would help if Nikki Haley said, hey, I'm not only voting for Trump, I want you to bring your supporters -- my supporters to Trump supporters. I want you to vote for this man.And then third, to your movie point, the bully never wins in a movie in the end, it's always the protagonist.GUTFELD: That's true. That's true. So the Democrats are losing Kennedys. Usually, it's the Kennedys who lose Kennedys.(LAUGHTER)PIRO: I saw you write that.GUTFELD: By the way you put in there the words polling station. And I think that's interesting, volunteering at polling stations. Yeah, I don't -- I mean, I don't know how hard that is to do, but that's, that's something people should really be thinking about, because we know what the Democrats are capable of.Kat, you're an optimist, the positive person. No one has ever said. But do you have a pep talk?TIMPF: No. I feel like I think I can find joy in things, and I think that there's always an opportunity to find connection and joy with the people around you. I actually want to share with everybody watching at home something that brought me joy within the past couple minutes that you won't be able to see unless you were here, which is when you made the joke about Lenny Kravitz being celibate for nine years. I looked over and Todd had his head down because he thought the camera was going to come --PIRO: I thought that one was coming to me. I was ready. I had a whole thing, and I was like, --TIMPF: And then it didn't.PIRO: -- oh, he is making fun of the --TIMPF: And then you thought you were good. And then in the monologue, he said you were a sexless loser another way.PIRO: Lot of emotions.TIMPF: If you were at home, you wouldn't get to see that. But there's little things like that, if you look.BENSON: The punchline of the joke, though, is that Lenny Kravitz is bad looking. What is wrong with you?TIMPF: Yeah, he's not bad looking.BENSON: That's false.MURDOCH: The reason why he stopped having sex was because it was -- every time he'd be in the mirror, he'd fall in love, and everything else was just not worth it.TIMPF: That's more likely.MURDOCH: I've gone through the same phase where it's like, I'm sorry, you're not this. And I feel like it's, I'm cheating myself. So I just -- I get it. It's a light skinned thing. We're (BEEP) beautiful. I get it.We just get to a point where, like, me, prince, Lenny, Milli Vanilli, we just get to a point where, like, no one else is getting this. This is all me.GUTFELD: Excuse me, Harold Ford Jr.MURDOCH: Harold Ford Jr. But Harold -- Harold didn't bake as long. He's a little bit more pastier, but he's still like -- he's a solid C plus. And I love Harold. But I'm talking about the beautiful light skinned brothers.GUTFELD: All right.MURDOCH: Lenny and --GUTFELD: Pep talk, Tryus, come on.MURDOCH: I just gave myself one.GUTFELD: You're a coach. You've coached people.MURDOCH: Yes, I have. And I'm not coaching through this.GUTFELD: No.MURDOCH: Listen, assume the worst, which I did. I said he would get convicted on all 34, because no one goes to this much trouble because the Democrats are horrible villains. Leave the villain stuff to us. We're good at it. We focus on terrorist, we don't focused (BEEP). We don't focus on feelings and stuff, which was a trial of feelings.We all found out that nobody likes President Trump in New York, except people who come here to get paid and go home to a different state. But the whole -- we don't need a pep talk because this -- we follow the rules. Conservatives follow the rules. How many stories of Alabama car burnings did we see this morning? How many upside-down flag marches through malls and little tiny red MAGA hats stealing purses and shoes and saying the system's rigged?No, not one. Not one. So I gave a pep talk last night. Well, well done, America. Well, you guys listened well, because it's --(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)MURDOCH: This is the one group -- we're used to getting (BEEP) on. We're used to blowing leads. Like, taken from a Celtic fan, Red Sox fan. This is conservatives. We do because unlike any other group, we got to work. We got to keep the roads going in this country. We got to keep the lights on in this country, so we don't have time to protest and (BEEP).We don't need a pep talk. We're good. Even when they stack 134 years on them, which he will, just so the judge can say it, we're going to be just fine.GUTFELD: All right.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Before we go, a quick announcement. I'm going to go on tour this summer. Come see me live with special guest Tom Shillue. He's also white. I'll be in Red Bank, New Jersey. That's next week. Tickets are running out. Fort Lauderdale and -- Oh --MURDOCH: Get out.GUTFELD: -- Durham, North Carolina. Go to ggutfeld.com for ticket info.Up next, why do so many say we're headed the wrong way?(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Americans say we're in disorder with inflation, crime, and an open border. A brand new poll shows the Biden era taking its toll. Yep, when it comes to the direction of the country, the RealClearPolitics average says 66 percent believe we're headed down the wrong track, which would be no surprise when the country's leader is always headed in the wrong direction, even on the White House lawn.But 66 percent -- let that sink in, if that were body fat, the poll could work at The View. But should we be surprised food prices are through the roof. No one can afford to buy a home. Immigration is a mess. Crime is out of control. Biden's comatose. Trump's guilty. Jesse Watters is in primetime. Everything's bonkers.But has America always been like this? Or are we just getting more information and stimuli from outside sources showing us the world as it's always been all along? Whatever the case, we're being lied to, that things are good. Crime is down when they leave out a bunch of cities. Illegal immigration is down, meaning slightly down off record highs. Inflation is down, they tell you, hoping you don't know, it just means that prices are still rising, but more slowly than, say, last week. Some good news.According to an ABC News poll, Trump's in a dead heat with Biden among suburban women, with Trump providing the heat and Biden providing the dead. Wow. So, Kat, the world seems like it's out of control. Do you think that's because it is or because this new avalanche of inputs, social media, smartphones, is just showing us what's been going on all the time and now it's just transparent?TIMPF: I mean, I'm encouraged by this number.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Right. If you think about the last segment, everything, you think everyone's so divided. This is a pretty large percentage that's united that everything's terrible.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: I think that it's probably a mix, I would say. I think we definitely see more. But also, again, how often are we always saying, we live in unprecedented times. We live in unprecedented. And it really is so unprecedented.I mean, if you could say, if we all could take a quiz, go back to the year 2000 really quick, which one of these things will have happened by 2024? You say, A, Trump is president of the United States. Donald Trump. B, Trump is a convicted felon. C, none of they be up. D, all of the above. Nobody would pick the last one.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: I mean, it's truly alarming. It's more and more things coming out all the time. And people do have a reason to be upset about the way things are happening.But if any, if it means you can turn to the person next and be like, things suck, huh? And then maybe that starts a friendship, then that's a good thing.GUTFELD: Yeah. You know, Todd, the poll also mentioned that 100 percent of the country believe you suck at your job. I'm surprised they even asked that question.PIRO: Including my parents.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRO: Which I thought was pretty harsh. They're like maybe for Tyrus. They saw I was on the show and they're like, aw, Piro.Yeah. I mean, look, I look at these numbers, and again, I'm trying to be positive both of these segments so far. I think this is a huge positive for, one, Donald J. Trump. If for no other reason than if 66 percent of America thinks we're on the wrong track, are you going to vote in the guy who has put us on the wrong track for the last three and a half years?And I think right now, a lot of people are faced with the following choice. Right. Imagine you're shot, which you have a very good chance of becoming once you leave the studio today, because we are in New York City. OK. And you have a choice between a doctor who saved lives before but happens to be a convicted felon or a guy who has never saved a life before is probably going to make your life worse, who's not a doctor and whose wife isn't even a doctor. Dr. Jill.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)PIRO: He's just, like, all over the place.TIMPF: I'm thinking now about, like, a doctor who's a convicted felon, like, as a show premise.MURDOCH: Right. But then you use real facts on the other hypothetical. So we laughed at the fake person pretending to be a doctor. But your fake murderer who heals people, he doesn't have the same rules.PIRO: What is this inside the actor's studio? Can I just make my joke?MURDOCH: Wait a minute. You just called yourself an actor.GUTFELD: Here's one. Here's a good way to put it.MURDOCH: This is what happens when you don't spank. I was spanked. It's never too late, mom and dad. It is never too late.GUTFELD: Let me fix it for you. Joe Biden needs a doctor. Dr. Jill pretends to be a doctor. and Hunter Biden likes to play doctor.GUTFELD: Oh, well done.MURDOCH: Thank you. That's why I seat here.BENSON: By the way, I love how on Fridays, like, the audiences are awesome and often seemingly drunk, actually, which they probably are, but they got real quiet with a nervous laughter about your -- they might get shot outside the bed.TIMPF: Yeah.MURDOCH: Yeah.TIMPF: I was going to say, why don't you want to scare your mother like that?PIRO: She's fine. She had me for 46 years.MURDOCH: It's time to spank that ass mom. It's time. It's time.PIRO: It's weird.MURDOCH: Yeah. You need it.PIRO: Weird.MURDOCH: He needs it.GUTFELD: Tyrus, there is this human inclination to believe that the world is ending in your lifetime. No one ever says, oh, it's going to be worse later. It's always the worst when you're here.MURDOCH: That's unfair, Greg, because the only people who think the world is ending is people investing in windmills.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: So that's -- the rest of us have to live. Listen, nothing's out of whack. We're not on the wrong track. That's an ugly excuse. We are exactly where the American people put us. This is what happens when you vote for a progressive administration. This is were exactly where we're supposed to be.GUTFELD: Good point in.MURDOCH: In (BEEP)GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: Because we let -- we -- as a group, we can't -- that's the one thing. It's all of us. OK? We all are having to live in this progressive world and it's just not our thing. But you can do things out of it to be inspired and ready, especially if, you know, last night there was some -- I'm talking about positive things to do.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: And I'm such an was alpha male thing was brought up and I said, I'm such an alpha male, I own a truck with six wheels. And they try to say, well, Tyrus, that's a typical Republican braggadocious about stuff. No, I have the footage. I actually have a six wheel. Show it real quick. We got it. Pop it up. We got it? No. There we go. Kiss my ass. America, we're going to be just fine.(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)GUTFELD: Wow. Tyrus's kind of hit on this about being in a progressive world. The Dems kind of set new standards for what we should accept. Like, we now accept recidivism among criminals. They can get back out on the street. Larceny is no longer a crime. You can operate on healthy kids. We've somehow -- getting off the track is now considered the track. It is the track.BENSON: Yes, I would say a lot of people on the left still are arguing things are horrible, even though there are largely running the show, especially culturally. Like, oh, we're complicit in the genocide and all these things that they say. I know it's the hack thing that people argue when there's a pole that comes, Biden's approval rating is 38 percent, like, I'd like to meet those 38 percent, that's too high. Fine, it's a partisan time and everyone's polarized.This is not a partisan question, though. Right track, wrong track -- I would genuinely like to meet the 24 percent of people who say that we're on the right track right now, because we may have different reasons for why things aren't going great, but apparently one out of four of us are like this is good. We are doing well. What are you on?GUTFELD: There always is that number in every survey. Do you know that? It's always around 25, 27 percent. It's like they are just built in, baked into the cake. I just coined that phrase. But they are nuts. They're weirdos. One out of four people are weird. Let's be honest. You ever watch "FOX & FRIENDS"?(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Well, there's like three weird ones on that one.GUTFELD: Yes, so my math is off.All right, we've got to move on. This is a great segment. An influencer's clowning almost leads to drowning.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Is this evil?(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Was it a mistake telling a stranger go jump in a lake? A social media influencer -- named Natalie Reynolds is getting called out after livestreaming a social media prank gone wrong. She reportedly paid a woman who said she couldn't swim $20 to jump into a Texas lake. After she dived in and needed help, Natalie took off running, leaving the woman alone in the water. I know. It's so Todd Piro.PIRO: Stop.(LAUGHTER)PIRO: I'm a good human.GUTFELD: You are. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NATALIE REYNOLDS: Can you look for the scanner?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Scanner?REYNOLDS: There's a scanner that you need to look for in the water.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Really? Looks like drones.REYNOLDS: I'm scuba certified. You should jump in.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I can jump in and not get in trouble? Right?REYNOLDS: No. No. All right.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm going to jump in with my shoes on. Ready?REYNOLDS: Yes, ready?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You said it was OK.REYNOLDS: You said you wanted to swim.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You told me to jump in.REYNOLDS: I didn't tell you to jump in.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, you did.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I can't swim. I can only float.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: She could literally die.REYNOLDS: No, stop. Seriously. Don't. Stop. You're actually freaking me out.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is bad.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Natalie.REYNOLDS: I'm sorry. I didn't know.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, this is bad.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Natalie?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Firefighters responded, and by the time they got there the woman who was in the water was on shore. Reynolds posted on X the reason she left the scene was because she was told by her team to leave and that the lady was fine and she got the help that she needed.TIMPF: Boo.GUTFELD: Boo.(BOOS)GUTFELD: Todd, you said in the break you love this social influencer and you wished that you could meet her, and I thought that was disgusting.PIRO: It was. It was a horrible mistake on my part.GUTFELD: Is this evil?PIRO: It is. Look, another reason we should illuminate social media influencers as a profession. But I think this goes to a deeper issue. Assuming for argument's sake that this all wasn't one big set up and everybody wasn't in on this joke, OK.GUTFELD: That's true.PIRO: But we also need to realize, this is what society has become in the social media world. Humanity has taken a hit. And the fact of the matter is, even when she's in the water after doing this horrible thing, she didn't go in and save her. One of those dudes didn't go in and save. We're in a rot right now and we need to get out of it.GUTFELD: She seemed more worried, Guy, about her career dying than the woman dying, which is a sign of a real go getter.(LAUGHTER)BENSON: The graphic says "Social media prank gone wrong." What went wrong about this? You found a woman who can't swim and said we'll give you $20 bucks to jump into water, which she did and then couldn't swim. It sounds like the prank went right. But the prank is really awful.GUTFELD: Yes. It's a bad prank.BENSON: If she's worried about her career, then probably the move is to help the drowning woman. And then you can be, look, it was a prank gone wrong and we helped her, instead of running off. I'm a little skeptical that this is actually real.TIMPF: Tyrus looks like he's going to lose his mind.TYRUS: I'm getting upset. I'm about to do just gorilla mash on Piro.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: And audience, shame on you, too. Gutfeld, every time I want to say you're brilliant, you pull a stunt like this.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: I guess she just went to diving school and didn't bother to swim afterwards.(LAUGHTER)PIRO: We both said assuming.TYRUS: There's no assuming. She -- dove in the water.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: She didn't belly flop. She didn't hit the water. Just so you know, when you're drowning, you don't say, hey, where are you going? Help, help! I'm drowning! Help!PIRO: I did think it was weird that some of the people held up cards that said 9.4. I thought that was odd.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: No, this whole -- and literally that woman is literally in every other scroll, if she's not eating a pizza with another girl in a car.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: These people aren't even wearing disguises anymore. We are all stupider for going through this. And as much as I like to blame stuff on you, I'll let it go because I love mom. This is on you Gutfeld. Finish him.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Oh, oh, first you were outraged. Now it's like, ooh, Gutfeld, you're bad.Kat, what say you? You are a fine consumer of such social media content.TIMPF: Not like this. I don't know who this girl is but I can't stand her. I can't stand her. I think this was bad. But also I looked at her Instagram, and it was also bad. Do we have the photo? When she goes to the beach, she gets the braids and the cornrows done with the beads.GUTFELD: Gotcha.TIMPF: Red flag 10 out of 10.GUTFELD: Yes, yes, yes.GUTFELD: We should have saw something like that and known she was capable of this.GUTFELD: Yes, when white ladies get cornrows at the beach that is a red flag.TYRUS: Or the Tyrus experience.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, we'll move on. Up next, we unveil the latest fan mail.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yep, you are watching Mailing It In.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Welcome to mailing it in. Our first letter comes from SGKusmertz. I don't know if it's real. Who cares? "What is your most satisfying lemons to lemonade accomplishment?" Guy, when did you turn lemons into lemonade? And remember, this is an analogy, not literally making lemonade.BENSON: I'm going literal because I was a really good lemonade stand entrepreneur as a little kid.GUTFELD: Was this like two years ago?(LAUGHTER)BENSON: I have to supplement my income somehow.TIMPF: I don't think that was you. I think it was just the neighborhood your were making lemonade it. They had more money.BENSON: Yes. You have to choose the neighborhood. That's the whole key. People drive by and throw a $20 out the window at me, because I was like six. So this was probably --GUTFELD: Yes. You were probably a really adorable little kid, weren't you?BENSON: One could say. Many people are saying.GUTFELD: Were you ever kidnapped?BENSON: Was I kidnapped? No, not yet.GUTFELD: All right, then maybe you weren't that good-looking.Tyrus?TYRUS: Nothing like bringing up your old kidnapping on a comedy show.GUTFELD: If you weren't abducted, don't tell me you were a cute kid.BENSON: Were you abducted?GUTFELD: Oh, God, I had to fight off those pervs.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I would go home, there would be a parade of white vans behind me. I tell them, pick a number, and then I would ditch them in a park.TYRUS: Another thing, too, is they oftentimes would bring them back after kidnapping him.BENSON: They would scoop him up in a grocery bag and run off.GUTFELD: One minute they'd be asking for a ransom. The next they'd be paying my parents to take me back.Lemons to lemonade, pretty easy.TYRUS: I don't know. Oh, learning when to let go of the guys neck so he --(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: No, it's an artform. You get a guy in the deal and he starts to go, if you hold on too long, you're a murderer. If you hold on too late, you're a really good bouncer.GUTFELD: Kat?TIMPF: All of it. I turn all my trauma into content. I did it with one book, and I have another coming out. If I didn't have any trauma and everything went great, nobody would read that -- book.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes, that's true.Todd, your entire life is lemonade.PIRO: I don't have a good respond to that. Probably the Flo Rida incident. Remember when I split my pants on Flo Rida? No joke, I was able to auction off those pants, this is not a joke, for about $8,000 to a charity that benefits the families of fallen officers. That's not a joke. That's a real thing that I --(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: There you go, perfect example.PIRO: So I actually read the assignment and came up with an example as opposed to the rest of the panelTYRUS: Not all of us have parents with $8,000 just laying around.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: That was good. That was good.TYRUS: Thank you, thank you, thank you.PIRO: Are they taking you home tonight?Oh, do we not have time for another one? No. Oh, OK.TYRUS: We crushed it.GUTFELD: Up next, women place sanity above vanity.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Feel good or look good. Kat, 2,000 American women -- yum -- were polled --TIMPF: Eww.GUTFELD: And combined, again, 66 percent said improving mental and physical health makes them feel more beautiful than actually improving their physical appearance. Are they lying?TIMPF: Absolutely not. The times when my mental health was not good, I wasn't looking too good either.GUTFELD: Yes, but guys are attracted to chicks who are crazy.TIMPF: I know, yes.GUTFELD: Sixty-six percent.BENSON: Not all of us.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: No, no, I'm with Guy. Just different league, but --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: If you don't feel good, you're not going to look good.TIMPF: But you know what, there is that stereotype of the bad person being jolly. So that means just being happy means you don't care whether you're fat or not. Could that be it. Could it be the sword, what is it called, the --TIMPF: Double-edged sword?GUTFELD: It's a double-edged sword.TIMPF: You're welcome.BENSON: I was going to let you drown like that influencer.TIMPF: Yes, glad I could be there for you.GUTFELD: If you feel good but look bad, you will never do anything to improve your bad looks.BENSON: So a tautology.GUTFELD: Yes.BENSON: There we go. I feel like feeling good is better than looking good because looks are fleeting, and how you feel about yourself and your mental health is more lasting, and more valuable, therefore.GUTFELD: That's interesting. OK, Todd, would you rather be miserable Brad Pitt or extremely happy Danny DeVito?(LAUGHTER)PIRO: Extremely happy Danny DeVito. I think that's a little bit of a function of where I grew up. I grew up in northern New Jersey where, let's face it, you plan your next meal as you're eating your current meal. And north Jersey knows what I'm talking about. And it's a cycle that continues. And you realize at the end of the day, it's more important to be happy. Looks fade, like Guy said. And Kate Moss had that expression, nothing tastes as good as skinny feels. That's not the motto of Essex County in northern New Jersey. Definitely not the way I grew up.GUTFELD: Kate Moss also had that other motto -- this cocaine is great.(LAUGHTER)PIRO: That one may be appropriate in north.TYRUS: I did not make that up. He ran in the greenroom to get to makeup. But you felt good doing it.GUTFELD: All right, we shall be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thanks to Guy Benson, Todd Piro, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)