NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Amazing. All right, thank you, Tom, for that. Tom Dupree, again, they have wrapped up the session today, they three up this trial. Remember they didn't have any activity yesterday. Donald Trump might say something, he might not. I'm sure THE FIVE will be on that because THE FIVE is now.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Dana Perino and Brian Kilmeade. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.We have our jury, the judge announcing that we have 12 jurors and one alternate seated after another whirlwind day of jury selection in the former President Trump's hush money trial. We still need five more alternates.Earlier, two jurors were excused. One of them said they couldn't be impartial after swearing that they could. And remember, the judge says opening statements are expected on Monday. Trump was seen sitting back in his chair arms crossed crossed his chest, as he watched today's jurors being questioned.One of the dismissed jurors was asked if Trump could get a fair shake from the people in that jury room. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAT, DISMISSED POTENTIAL JUROR: I'm not sure about that.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Really, why?KAT: You know, everybody has biases and you know, you know, stereotypes in their mind. So, you have to be really, you know, deep and you know, fair person. Which is this very hard to do, right?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.KAT: In order to serve us a juror. I hope they do. I mean, this is justice, right?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Meanwhile, the soft-on-crime prosecutor overseeing it all Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg is already showing his hands after it was revealed how he wants to cross-examine Donald Trump on various civil lawsuits.Judge Jeanine Pirro, so we have 12. This is a fair group of people.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, I have to tell you, I was kind of shocked that they got 12. They also have one alternate. They have five more to go.WATTERS: We're actually going to take you now to former President Donald Trump speaking outside the courtroom.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm supposed to be in New Hampshire. I'm supposed to be in Georgia. I'm supposed to be in North Carolina, South Carolina. I'm supposed to be in different places campaigning. But I've been here all day on a trial that really is a very unfair trial.These are all stories this is over the last few days from legal experts, this is from The Wall Street Journal Editorial. All of these stories are from legal experts saying how this is not a case. The case is ridiculous. There's another one, the case is ridiculous, Trump indictment, it's missing fraud, there is no fraud.All of these stories are stories of how and these are done by the experts and editorials. Bragg falsified business records, and he falsifies them, he's the one, he's the fraud. Take a look all of these are stories. You see them here.Bragg's indictment even falls as an indictment. All of them. Greg Cross is the Rubicon indicting Trump, nonsense. The whopping outrage in Trump's indictment. It's a whopping outrage and it is an outrage. Everybody is outraged by it.You know, we had at 18 D.A. or D.A. types or close, 18 or 19 or 21, they counted all the in and out like. And in the meantime, you have murders going on right outside in New York.Look at this, National Review. Another National Review. Jonathan Turley, Greg Jarrett. Andrew McCarthy, every one of them saying they caught a zombie case, meaning it is no case.And they say is it constitutional? They don't think the case is. These are all stories that have taken place over the last few days, look at this.D.A. Bragg wants us to believe that his pursuit of Trump isn't political, of course it's political and they've been doing this for Joe Biden. They're this for Joe Biden.Even the Rolling Stone, an old friend of mine, they don't like it says you, they don't like Bragg's chances on this case, it's a disgrace. That's a nice headline, I like to read that one too.But everyone who lies about the case, the justice is on trial. You know, the whole world is watching this New York scam. To trial spectrum will begin to this Wall Street Journal. It's expected though, every one of these America is a Third World country, Daily Caller. Wow. That's New York Magazine, even.All it just came out. These are all -- every single one. I haven't seen one that says it's a good job. It's political. And said, this is a Wall Street Journal Editorial. And it's a shame. It's a shame.And I'm sitting here for days now from morning till night in that freezing room, freezing, everybody was freezing in there, and all for this and this is your result. Look at that. Each one of the story. And it's very unfair, very bad thing. Very bad thing.The whole world is watching this hoax. You got a D.A. that's out of control. You have a judge that's highly conflicted. The whole thing is a mess. And you have the leading candidate and leading crooked Joe Biden by lying. He's the one that should be in trouble. He's a crook. You got a crooked president. He should be on trail with all the selfies done and his family. He should be t trial.But he's the one in charge. His top people are here, working with the D.A.'s office to make sure everything goes right. But it shouldn't go right because I have no case. And that's what this is all about.And it really is a shame this country is devolving into a third-world country between having no borders, having no justice, we have no justice and having a press that doesn't want to cover the facts. So, thank you very much. See you tomorrow.WATTERS: So, that was the former president leaving court there saying that the room was freezing that he was in all day, calling it a scam, and then held up a stack of articles and editorials that also agree that it is a scam called it ridiculous, and he should be out there campaigning.Jeanine Pirro, you know, this also reminds me a little bit of the COVID situation where it's a little after 5:00 every day. And we're going to see this for weeks, the president comes out after the events and speaks to the American people.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, you know, it is very sad, because legal experts do agree. And I agree that this is a case that never should have been brought, not because it's Donald Trump. But because the facts are not only tired and expired, but there is no jurisdiction or no power on the part of the local D.A. to act as a federal prosecutor and make believe that it's a state prosecution that is beyond the statute of limitations.Having said all that, let me just go back to your original question, unless you want to keep talking about this table. You know, there are two sworn jurors who were sworn yesterday. And today we're not on the jury, one asked to be taken off, one was already taken off.This whole thing of the removal of these jurors, as far as I'm concerned, speaks to this judge's inability to maintain any kind of proper decorum as it relates to protection of jurors, what you have is a woman who came in and she said, you know what my friends were able to identify me, based upon how I was described as juror number two or whatever number it was.And so, all of a sudden, she was confronted with the possibility of people knowing who she was. And then the consequences, the enormity of this case, this is an enormous case, the biggest case, one of the biggest in American history. This is a president on trial for a crime of felony for which he can go to prison.All right, let's not kid each other. So, this woman who was identified by her friends, why, because the judge didn't protect her, because the judge didn't make sure that her information was not reported to the press.Now, let me explain what I mean. I've had juries, if you have a defendant or any situation like this, you can take that that voir dire, the questioning of the juries in another room with the court reporter, get it all on the record with the defendant without the media being part of it, where they're going to identify who she is.And I'll tell you another example. Another example is this. The second juror who was sworn and is now off has a conviction in Westchester County. I'm trying to figure out, it had to be when I was D.A., because it was in the 90s. I mean, he has a conviction that he didn't even admit to.Are they moving too quickly? As far as I'm concerned, yes. Is Judge Merchan protecting the jurors? As far as I'm concerned, absolutely not.WATTERS: Harold Ford, Jr., you can talk about the jurors, you can talk about President Trump, you can talk right there.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS HOST: Well, I thought that the -- first, it's good to be back.WATTERS: Glad to have you back, Harold.FORD JR.: Yesterday, the juxtaposition between the president being in the courtroom and being at the Bodega was powerful. I thought today, the juxtaposition was not quite as compelling, one.Two, he's going to do this every day once it ends. I'm not sure this goes for weeks, I'd be curious to hear the judges, once they get the jury seated. And if the -- if the trial proceeds in a fashion that there are not interruptions, I don't see this going more than a few days, to be honest with you, but I could be wrong.Three, the process is working here. And I'll get to the Judge's point about the judge here, what he -- what he probably should be doing. And I think you're right Judge, he should be protecting these jurors.But this process, the American people getting an opportunity to see how a jury selection works. This is not an unusual process. It's unusual that a former president is on trial. But I was actually relieved that those jurors came in and said, look, I can't do this, which you would hate if you had them on a jury. And they might be biased, or they might have some other reasons as to why they can't serve. But it appears that the questions about can you be fair and impartial are being asked. And they both sides are having an opportunity that the defense and the prosecution are having an opportunity to see these jurors, see their questions and see their answers, hear their answers and make this determination.But where I would agree with the Judge, the judge in this case is going to have to get a better handle because if this is the first 24 to 48 hours, and you have jurors who are being unmasked as the wrong word, but who are being -- their identities are being disclosed and they feel some danger or threat or inconvenience and imposition in our lives. This is something that the judge will probably have to address.WATTERS: And that is not the typical court reporter sketch we usually see of President Trump, so unfortunate.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS HOST: It's not the same one as before. Like really maybe more favorable to him.WATTERS: Not as flattering.PERINO: But it's pretty -- it's still pretty good. His hair looks good. You got to say that.WATTERS: Dana?PERINO: OK, so a couple of things. Not too much to add. I do think that Harold, it's only 5/11. I mean, if I were president's Trump -- President Trump's team, I would take him someplace tonight, to shake it off. Right?He says it's freezing in there, it's a dismal room. It's a miserable experience. But he's sitting there, they're making him sit there. He's going to sit there, he will do it. You guys both said yesterday, and you know a lot better than I do. That he's actually pretty calm, given the circumstances. And I thought when he was holding up all those articles and going through them, I wondered if there was one in there then. And if his team hasn't sent it to him, they should.It was by Ruth Marcus, who is a liberal columnist for the Washington Post. And she lamented that why did this have to be the first case that went to trial? And she's unhappy with that, because she knows that the case is all the things that he was saying, outrageous, ridiculous, not valid, etcetera. So, I think that if I were them, I would say, Mr. President, you want pizza? What do you want? You want to go to a grocery store? Do you want -- do you want to go to restaurant? Like, where do you want to go? Let's take you and go do something fun so that he can blow off some team -- some steam.And those kinds of earned media events are going to get him a lot farther. So, I would do that if I were them.I also think that the Democrats, they never learn and be careful what you wish for. So, now they end up -- yes, Harold and that's Jesse looks at you. That wasn't me looking at him. It was Jesse.President Trump is there and he's still likely to win the election, even though he's not there. Biden's in Pennsylvania for three days talking about issues or trying to and then we're going to get to some other things that he said that were kind of unfortunate.And then, they also have the opening day of this trial. If it does start on Monday. It coincides with the Democrat's favorite national holiday, Earth Day. What are they going to do?WATTERS: Earth Day.PERINO: You got to take your pick.WATTERS: Where should he go? Dana mentioned maybe go getting a slice of pizza, maybe hit a Rangers game. What do you think?PERINO: That's a good one?BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: I'll just watch the playoffs as well. It's going to be interesting.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: Sorry.KILMEADE: You know, a couple of things. I was thinking the subway station where Danny Penny was forced to jump into action. I don't think the president wants to go down on the subway. But he would stand in front of in the subway, we had a marine stand up and have to take control because this D.A. does not want to prosecute criminals. And now he has to fight for his freedom like I'm fighting for mine.And this because he wants to stand up and take action. I want to stand up and take action because I see my country going in the wrong direction. And because of that and because I'm a threat, my opponent has me here.Now, I know Harold and other people watching home says what proof do you have? We don't have the letter signed to Alvin Bragg say go do this. But you have Michael Angelo who's running this case who left the who left the D.A.'s office in order to do it. Now he's the lead guy. And he volunteered to do and suddenly he gets there turns over the paperwork, flips over a few chairs, we got a case, we're going to go and I'm going to lead.Alvin Bragg, you can sit in the back and have some Munchkins. And then all of a sudden you think about the meetings with the Georgia prosecutors there with Nathan Wade, remember when he was dating and going around, thought he was going to control this case, twice he met in Athens with members of the Justice Department, White House legal team, to what? Just to let find out about the law, what's been happening in Washington. Of course, there's some links there.And then the Politico story that talks about Joe Biden being angry at Merrick Garland, because he's moving too slow on prosecuting Donald Trump. Yes. Does he have the paperwork? This is permission to Alvin Bragg, no.But in this day and age is that as close as you can get in, I want you to knock my opponent's knees out, because I cannot beat him to coach Steven Smith, head -- to Stephen A. Smith, because I can't beat him head to head.WATTERS: Judge, so there's going to be a gag order hearing, I think, on the 24th. If there's a juror that's coming in, and they're saying I have no bias at all, and then they discovered that the juror was tearing down conservative political lawn signs all over someone's lawn. The President of the United States can't mention that at all, or else what he goes to jail?PIRRO: Well, you know, it's kind of interesting, because the gag order says that the president cannot speak or cause someone to speak on his behalf. It doesn't -- he doesn't say that he can't -- he can't maybe tweet something that someone else has said, or identify something that's already been tweeted or said on social media.You know, the order is very specific. And you have to look at it as a judge and very lawyerly. I think Trump is going to go as far as he can with his judgment. This judge is not one who was averse to putting him in jail for contempt.Look, this judge is supposed to be -- absolutely. This judge --KILMEADE: This Tuesday?PIRRO: Not on Tuesday, but we'll see. We'll see. They say there are seven times that he violated the order. And but the amazing thing is this judge is supposed to be so competent. He did the Trump Organization of trial. He did the Steve Bannon trial, and now he's doing the Trump trial.You tell me, Brian, how in every time they spin the wheel, the same judge comes out, not a chance.KILMEADE: They said they picked him.PIRRO: They definitely picked him. He was picked because he hates Donald Trump.WATTERS: Would you ever foresee this judge putting Donald Trump in jail for violating a little gag order like that?FORD JR.: Well, if the court lays out a set of rules, and someone violates the rules, then the judge has it. If the judge doesn't act, and it makes the rules, who else would? Why would else --WATTERS: You're saying someone comes over to him, he put handcuffs on him and then leads him away?FORD JR.: All I'm saying is, I don't disagree with the Judge. But I'm saying I think Jesse maybe merged the questions here. Do you have to follow the rules? If the president doesn't follow the rules, then why would I or why would you or Daniel Penny you won't have to follow the rules?All I'm saying is the process is working here. I want to hear the facts. Unlike Brian, I push back a little bit on what you said. But what I would call for I just want to hear the facts.I disagreed yesterday, as we talked a little bit about the jurors because I think that there are going to be jurors who can sit there. There was a young lady who we put in a packet you said that she didn't believe that anybody could be impartial here, she didn't believe people could be fair because they had biases. Well, by that definition, no one could ever serve on a jury because we all enter any setting with some bias.WATTERS: Well, let me show you how it's different, Harold.FORD JR.: You have to be fair and impartial.WATTERS: A former president and possibly a future president who is going to have a lot of impact on that juror's life. And if you harbor any animosity, you saw jurors saw them ask questions today. They say I don't like his policies, I hate his policies, told the court I despise his personal life but I can be fair that's tough when you put politicians on trial.FORD JR.: Two things -- two things, two reactions. First of all, I'm glad that juror, this is our system working, said all of that. He or she didn't -- not disclose it.PIRRO: I don't know the word so much about I don't want to suffer the consequences. That was it. I'm going to be identified.And by the way, and the second juror, why? He was lied -- he lied on that jury form because he was arrested and convicted. OK, so let's not kid each other. They're trying to get on the jury. No, but it's not like everybody can be reasonable.FORD JR.: No, all I'm saying is our system works, these people are being dismissed.WATTERS: Not everybody is as reasonable as you, Harold.PIRRO: That's true, Harold.FORD JR.: Nor is everyone is unreasonable as you.PIRRO: You are a reasonable man.KILMEADE: The only thing you're missing is air quotes, unprecedented. This isn't typical. There's nothing typical about this.FORD JR.: I would agree.KILMEADE: We're going to have to make a choice between two men. One of the men is on trial. Some people have already made their minds up on where it's going to lead. There's nothing -- there's never been anything like this. It's not John Gotti. This is not Danny Penny, we have -- we have -- this is something the most consequential thing ever. Which makes you wonder if another trial is going to queue up in August. Can you imagine that? Three months from the election, it's bad enough in April.FORD JR.: That's different than what I'm talking about. But I hear you. Yes.WATTERS: OK.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: We all hear each other.PIRRO: Yes, we do.WATTERS: Yes, we do. Loud and clear, Harold.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: Let the people speak.WATTERS: Up next, was Joe Biden's uncle served up as the main course for a group of cannibals? President's cooking up a whole new tale.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: President Biden and Donald Trump are in a face-off over who has the better retail politics game. The former president has been charming supporters at a Bodega and ordering 30 milkshakes for fans at Chick-fil-A. And you have President Biden and he must have been taking notes. He's been hitting up gas stations in Pennsylvania but as you can see the reception kind of a different vibe.Today, he was in a Wawa and ordered a single milkshake for himself.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We have smoothies, we have milkshakes, we have refreshers.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: How about a milkshake. (INAUDIBLE).(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And Biden giving a speech where he lamented getting the middle finger from a child.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I've never thought I'd see a sign when I'm going through a neighborhood or a rural town in the west, to see big science that's ever Trump sign in the middle of says, if Biden and having a little kid standing with his middle finger, 7 years old, 8 years old. Well, I promise it happens all the time.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Biden's day of retail campaigning taken a kind of strange turn after he recounted a story about his uncle being eaten by cannibals.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: My uncle, they called him Ambrose, they called him Bosie, and he became an Army Air Corps, before the Air Force came along, he flew those single-engine planes as a reconnaissance over war zones. And he got shot down in New Guinea, and they never found the body because there used to be a lot of cannibals for real in that part of New Guinea.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: The military's official record of the incident mentions nothing of cannibalism, or his plane being shot down. It says that Biden's uncle died after the plane crash into the Ocean off the coast of New Guinea. And the White House was forced to do some damage control.Brian, this is wild in a way that this is happening. But look at the contrast between the campaign.KILMEADE: It is. Well, just to see a man wander off the heads muttering something about a milkshake. Not usually what you think of when you think of Reagan or Barack Obama and the great instinct to instinctive politicians who are great orders.A couple of things that stood out and there was like 20, about your intro. And number one, he was lamenting the fact that there was a F Biden. Well, he's been kidding around about -- he's been kidding around about that for a while. And I think he kind of Brandon, he zeroes kids around about it. We know what Brandon means. Let's go Brandon. We know and how that translates.He also has been reported to be calling Donald Trump F'n A hole, sick F on all his e-mails and interaction. His staff calls Donald Trump a Hitler pig.So, if you want some semblance of maturity, and values and you want to show values and ethics and bring the adults back in the White House, maybe you could start reflecting that behind the scenes.And a couple other things that stand out. Donald Trump does things instinctively. I mean to go up to Harlem and see a Bodega I can imagine demonstrate people go no there's too much can go wrong. There he goes and does it. He walks into a fast food place he goes I don't care, I fast food. I like these people. I love Chick-fil-A, why wouldn't they want to see me?He goes in there with confidence. They see a celebrity, you saw the reaction. Everything else is so scripted because they don't trust him. They don't trust anything to happen extemporaneously that worked out positive for him.So, here he is in New York City, a city that he can't win in a state that he won't win. He's in Pennsylvania. And he looks over and I thought the most substantive thing was the chance of -- the chance of I think the Bidenomics chant that said, basically get rid of Bidenomics, that matters more than anything else, because he's running on Bidenomics. And people showed up to protest what he thinks is his best moment. It's like, protesting someone's first-place trophy. It's like, wait a second, what's wrong with my trophy? He still doesn't get it.PERINO: Jesse, what's sort of weird to see a Wawa that empty? I've never -- like on the out on the trail? It's hard to find that.WATTERS: Yes. That moment with the order. You know, when Trump goes into a Chick-fil-A, it's special, you know, because he walks in, and then he pauses. And then he addresses all the people behind the counter, and he engages with them. And he says, you know, 30 milkshakes on the house, chicken for everybody. And it's a spectacle. People come up to him, they hug him.If I was in a Wawa, and I see Biden come in, and I see any president come in, I'm going to go up to shake their hand, maybe get a picture. You know, if it's Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, I'm going to go up. I'm going to -- no one comes close to him. It's like, he's just anyone's granddad going in there for a milkshake.And look at him stare. He can't believe how expensive the milkshakes are. And I think my favorite live from Biden is the cannibal lie.PERINO: That's a good one.WATTERS: It's a great lie. Because how do you know they didn't eat his uncle, Dana? He went into the ocean. How do you know he didn't swim to shore and then get eaten?PERINO: That's true.WATTERS: You can't prove him wrong. And tonight, we will be having the cannibals in New Guinea remotely, obviously, who did uh find Biden's uncle delicious.PERINO: That's going to be -- that's a really good booking.WATTERS: After that, we're going to have the 7-year-old that flipped Joe Biden the bird. I don't actually -- do you -- do you believe 7-year-old boys are flipping Biden the bird on his way to campaign events?PERINO: Were they -- were they from -- were they from my neck of the woods? Yes, possibly.KILMEADE: Do what their parents tell them?FORD JR.: Harold, you are praising President Trump's political instincts and skills and retail politics when he went to the Bodega. How do you judge Biden's performance there at the Wawa?FORD JR.: I'll give him a B.PERINO: A B?FORD JR.: I think -- I'm glad he's out. I'm glad he's out. I'd say a couple of things. First, the stories about family and all those kind of things, I hope -- they need to be subordinate to -- if I were the President -- in the White House and advising this President, we'd be in -- we'd be every place where the Chips Act has put billions and billions of dollars in communities and talking about what it's going to do to create more jobs and create more investment in better schools and give more opportunity for kids, and for that matter young people want to come back there.Chuck Schumer just in the last day so was bragging about that rightly so. The Micron investment, $6.1 billion going to the Syracuse area. He said it's the best thing that's happened in Syracuse since the Erie Canal. These are the kinds of things if I were the president this is all I'd be talking about. I'd be talking about asking Congress encouraging them to pass their Ukraine bill because all the weapons that they're using in Ukraine are being built right here in America. I'd be in those communities. I'd be in those places talking about that.Now, he does not have the same energy that Trump has, but he has a -- I think he has one heck of a story to tell. And the team at the White House, you've got to put him in a position where he not only looks good but sounds good and it's talking about things that every American --WATTERS: They're scared.FORD JR.: Well, I don't know if they're scared, I just think that this is - - this is not the best way to -- the best way to execute on. If you're going to put him out, then put him out in positions of strength not put him out in position like that.PERINO: And maybe that in an empty Wawa with the new mayor of Philadelphia going, what do we do here? Judge --FORD JR.: This woman want to do so many things about crime. Why not put him out with her talking about fighting crime?PERINO: Judge, the AP --PIRRO: Look, she's --PERINO: I want to -- can I just describe for you and then you can say whatever you want. I just want to tell everybody. This is how the AP described what Biden said yesterday. They said he was off on the details. Can you imagine if it had been the other way around?PIRRO: Yes. You know, the truth is that Joe Biden has always been a pathological liar, a plagiarist who's been lying since the time that he hit the campaign trail, whether it's getting a scholarship to go to law school, whether it's about his uncle and his family who worked in the coal mines, he took it right from Neil Kinnock I think is the British composer, to now his uncle was eaten by cannonballs. I mean, really? Give me a break.Three men failed to emerge from that wreck but there's one crew member who emerged. Now, if you find that crew member and he says that hey, my pal was eaten by the Cannibals, then maybe I'll believe it. But there is a witness and no one is talking about cannibals, all right. This is a guy who goes to this sheets or whatever they call it in Pennsylvania while he's got his opponent locked down in a criminal courtroom. He can't leave it because a judge will hold him in contempt. And he just stares at a 7-year-old girl -- did you see him walk by that little girl and just go --KILMEADE: Here it is.PIRRO: Right, there it is. He just stares at them. He doesn't know what to do.KILMEADE: Right.PIRRO: Look at him. And then he walks by. I mean, this guy does -- you know, you say let him do it, he's incapable of doing it. He is incapable of telling the story.WATTERS: I want to take your class, Harold.PIRRO: And you know what? I want also to talk about his son Beau died in Iraq, he grew up in the Puerto Rican section. There was no Puerto Rican section in Scranton, Pennsylvania because my dad grew up there, all right. And then he went to the Black churches. Those are the churches he went to as kid.FORD JR.: Did your dad grew up in a Puerto Rican neighborhood?PIRRO: Yes, my dad is from Scranton, OK.FORD JR.: Oh, I thought --PIRRO: No. And then, you know, he went to law school. This guy has lied and he gets away with it. And I think this New York Post, lies, lies, and he's never had to pay the price. It's about time you recognize he's been lying from the get-go.PERINO: OK.PIRRO: Harold.PERINO: All right, this is not a scene out of Tehran. Cops cracking down after pro-Hamas lunatics chanted threats to Israel on an Ivy League campus.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CROWD: Free, free Palestine!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There is only one solution.CROWD: There is only one solution.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Intifada revolution!CROWD: Intifada revolution!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are Hamas!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're what? You're Hamas?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we're all Hamas, pig.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Where are we, in Syria? Is that unbelievable that that happened today in New York City. It's reading and writing intifada, the revolution at the Ivy Leagues. Pro-Hamas lunatics swarming the campus at Columbia right up town from here, lighting flares, chanting various threats to Israel and the Jewish people, and tangentially through us. One student saying it was like a warzone.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONAS DU, STUDENT, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY: There were people coming in from NYU, from other places, people who were not even students coming in to protest. That's where you see, you know, the flares being lit up at night especially. So, it was very surreal being a student. It really felt like we're in what some people would say, you know, almost a war zone of a campus.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: The pro-Hamas chaos continued today. Columbia has its own version of Chaz. Remember that in Seattle? It's called the liberated zone or Gaza solidarity encampment. That's what they're calling it. Hundreds of students setting up tents on the schools lawn to protest Israel. The NYPD raided it after the university's president said go ahead, rip it up. They arrested over 100 individuals and Columbia then suspended them.But when cops loaded them onto the buses, it didn't stop there. Outside agitators went into the middle of the street trying to block them from moving, forcing the bus to go in reverse to a detention facility.That just happened today. A lot of stuff unfolded last night where there was an arrest and a cop was hit and scratched and attacked. So, Jesse, let's start with this. Did you -- can you believe they are chanting about the intifada in New York City? Can you believe I am Hamas comes out of -- proudly comes out of that woman's mouth on the streets of New York City?WATTERS: It's like Arab Spring break is going on. Brian, you can protest what's going on over there and that's fine. There's always been anti-war protests in college campuses. We're now moving away from your regular protest. We're now moving into what I would consider opening an FBI investigation.They've said that it's hate speech when you say build the wall. They said the biggest domestic threat to this country are MAGA Republicans they call Trump rallies Klan rallies. I want the FBI, whoever these people are, to treat exactly what they say as hate speech is this. Because if you're having people say, I am Hamas, death to America, and burning things, you need to be held accountable for that. That goes way beyond your typical radical anti-war protest.KILMEADE: And put it this way. If they -- if they actually suspended those people, that means they know their names. If you know their names and they're in a student visa, they got to go. You blew it. You're out. You're done. You're finished. I'm curious to see that roster.Also, to build on what she said -- what Jesse said, Dana, the American flag is a triggered to some people. Remember, they want to take the flag down, put the flag down. It drives me crazy.PERINO: We had a young student named Lizhi. I can't remember his last name. I'm sorry Lizhi. He goes to Columbia. He and his buddy David, they had gone down to another protest that was happening happing south of here, and there were people chanting like that and then one they went to burn the American flag. And Lizhi stepped in. Like, what are you doing? And when the guy turned to run, his shirt caught on fire. Like, some -- like, there will be -- there should be an FBI investigation. There should be more cops.I'm glad the University has finally figured out a way to say like, OK, go break up the tents, but Martha MacCallum, she had such a good point on "THE STORY." She said, look at all the tents. They're all the same. Who bought them? They're brand new. So, I think following the money -- one of the reasons you have an FBI investigation or an NYPD investigation is you followed the money to find out where it's coming from.I also love that the Google employees got fired. I would have loved to be on some of the phone calls when they had to call mom and dad and say heads up, I'm going to need help paying rent next month because I just threw my big job down the drain.KILMEADE: Yes. And it's not because of layoffs, it's because I chose to call out my boss because I didn't like where they were investing. That's part of the reason why Google I believe backed off their investment in the Pentagon because they didn't want to be part of that anymore, but they would invest in China.You know what I'm heartened by, Harold? I have more Democrat -- has many Democrat friends that I know and people speaking out and concerned about this is Republicans. Are you one of them?FORD JR.: Of course, I am and always have been. In fact, I'm the only one in this set here who's actually voted for funding for these things. This is absurd that we find ourselves in a situation um where tenured professors -- I heard my friend Robert Wolf on with Martha earlier and he said one of the things he was hoping and praying for was that these universities -- I'm a graduate of a school that's been in the news here, Penn. And that these universities are looking at how you undo some of these tenured professors, can you fire them for cause because this would seem to be for cause.Two, you're not -- you don't hear any of these protesters, Brian, asking for the release of the hostages.PERINO: No.FORD JR.: You don't hear any -- I'm with Jesse. Everyone has a right to protest, but their pro -- their protest as what you start up, they are -- they are wanting -- they are claiming death to America, they're praising a terrorist organization. Hamas has been designated a terrorist organization. Can you imagine being on the street saying I love ISIS?WATTERS: Right.FORD JR.: That's the equivalent of what these people doing. Now, some may say, they don't know what they're doing. They know what they're doing. I mean, we've all seen what Hamas did and what Hamas represents. And if they don't know what they're saying, they should all be educated by police officers and law enforcement explaining this is what you're saying, and if you're going to continue to say it, here's the -- here's the answer.Finally, I was encouraged today to see that there is some efforts behind the scenes, or at least it was reported one of our in-house newspapers, The Wall Street Journal, that the White House and Israel and Saudi Arabia are continuing to move forward -- trying to move forward on an historic deal between the Israelis and the Saudis which as you remember, this is what happened prior to October 7th. Many people thought that the fact they had made so much progress -- and our own Bret Baier was -- interviewed both MBS and Netanyahu. Many people thought that might have been one of the catalysts or one of the reasons for Hamas and Iran acting like they did.But if they're able to get that and some of the things that have been reported that a two-state solution is a part of that. None of these people are even asking for a two-state solution. Their answer is we want -- we love Hamas and we want River to the Sea which means the death of Israel. And if you're supporting a terrorist organization, you're violating American laws as well. So, I don't -- I have no sympathy for this. This is not protesting. These are criminal acts on the parts of many of these people.KILMEADE: Absolutely. You know, it's not like well, I don't want America in Vietnam, you know, you want Civil Rights movements. I see where we were in the 60s. It makes sense whether you agree or not.(CROSSTALK)KILMEADE: These are -- do you want to really live in Gaza? Do you want to live part of that two-state solution? Would you prefer to be with Hezbollah in Lebanon? Good luck with that. I'm pretty sure tickets are still available. Maybe Breeze will fly there soon for MacArthur.Judge, your answer to people that say -- that say that this is within the school. The school is like fomenting this, they're part of this. Or do you think they're just watching and intimidated by this?PIRRO: The school is part of it because there is one particular professor, and there are many of them but one whose name I wrote down, Professor Mohamed Abdou. And this professor says, you know, in class -- and he's apparently tweeted as well I'm with Hamas, I'm with Hezbollah, I am Islamic Jihad. These are the people who are teaching our kids, OK. These are the people who are educating kids in college. And the kids in college have to agree with that philosophy or they're not going to get a good grade and they're not going to graduate, OK.So, you know, the professor or the president of Colombia can say OK, you know, the conduct -- we should suspend these kids and let's call in the NYPD and get them off campus, and I give her credit for that, but here here's the problem. She doesn't really believe that from the river to the sea is Antisemitic. From the river to the sea, everybody knows it's Antisemitic.And you know, Harold, you talk about educating them. If they know Hamas, Hezbollah, and Islamic Jihad, they know river to the sea.FORD JR.: I don't disagree with you, Judge. I wish she'll get the benefit of that. I agree with you 100 percent.PIRRO: Many of them have been arrested for trespass disorderly conduct. What's got to happen right now? And you know, you got Alvin Bragg is all tied up with going after Donald Trump, but the way to educate them is to follow through on the chart. So, you got 15 days in jail or you're going to go to this educational program. Just to give them the benefit of the doubt that they may not know.You know, when you find people who don't understand their hate and their Antisemitism, education is part of the reason. But when they're burning flags and they're protesting and they're organized, the money is coming from one place, they're all being paid, then you really have to look deeper into what's going on here. And to be honest with you, I give the NYPD a lot of credit. They were cursed at, they were spit at, they were -- you know, they were banging pots in their ears and they were professional.KILMEADE: Judge, they were saying to the Black officers you're KKK.PIRRO: Yes.KILMEADE: Are you kidding me? I mean, they -- maybe they aren't educated. Maybe you're right, Harold.PIRRO: Yes.KILMEADE: And just the timing, they waited for this president of Colombia to go in front of Congress to show there was total unrest. They help sell the story and the need to crack down. But I better wrap up now so we have some time left at the end of the show.Up next on this show, legalized gambling is exploding, but are we addicting an entire generation? Think about that as we zoom out.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: The explosion of legalized gambling has Americans betting on anything and everything, from placing wagers on Taylor Swift, to national disasters. But it's not all fun in games. Young men are blowing their money like never before due to easy access to online gambling and sports betting.OK, so we don't have a lot of time so they told me to move it along. So, go ahead, Harold.FORD JR.: People are gambling a lot.PIRRO: Do you think that gambling is addictive online?FORD JR.: It can be. Gambling in the sports world, this has help NFL, it's help the NBA, it's help Major League Baseball. This is what gets young people and others wanting to watch all these games and they're betting on everything. You have a chance to bet on who's going to kick this, who's going to throw this, who's going to -- you just could got a kid expelled from the NBA forever not because he bet -- he bet on basketball which you can't do if you're --PIRRO: What's addictive, Jesse, the gambling or the winning?WATTERS: I don't know the difference.PIRRO: Well, do you -- do you just keep gambling in the hopes that you're going to win or --WATTERS: I stopped. I lost $1,000 to Geraldo over the Red Wave so I'm done.PERINO: You're out.PIRRO: OK, what about you, Dana? You think online?PERINO: I believe that sports gambling and especially the online nature of it, especially for younger people that are over the age 18 but are not quite fully formed yet, it's going to be the new opioid epidemic. Mark my words.PIRRO: Interesting. Interesting.KILMEADE: It's the most easily -- most easily understood addiction. By far, it is ruining sports. No one follows teams. They follow their own bets. It started with rotisserie league and then it went into fantasy league. Now, people are following their players not following their teams. You may think it's good in the short term. By the end you don't have that loyalty that we had by a team growing up and the memories of 20 years of going back with that team when they finally win. It's going to be how much I make on that game, on that player. I'm mad at that player for not getting 100 yard. He got 76, my team won. I don't care. I lost money.That's cashing in, but in the big picture, you're destroying sports. And I know I'm a caveman on this, but fundamentally, I think we're beginning to ruin the Golden Goose.PIRRO: You know what they say that it triggers dopamine in the brain and it activates the brain's reward system.FORD JR.: You want to bet?PIRRO: Sure. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Fox shop alert. New merch, the Mother's Day collection just dropped. We have a proud American mom, emblem stuck right on the breast pocket of these waffley -- why are you laughing at me? Of these waffle-style robes, slippers, you got t-shirts. You have a not what I'd call a fanny pack but you'd have a makeup bag. And if you're a mom and if you're a dad -- I mean, it's 2024. I mean, you could do whatever you want -- shop.foxnews.com. Just get it soon before Monday, April 29th.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" 8:00, the Trump jury controversy. Judge Jeanine Pirro is next.PIRRO: All right, today, the Fox Nation Special, "WHAT DIDDY DO" is about he Diddy. I narrate it and say it fast, "WHAT DIDDY DO?" What did he do?PERINO: I can't wait to watch.WATTERS: All the people to front that Fox Nation Special knew that.PERINO: That would be good. Hey, Everything Will Be Okay. I still believe it. Graduation book special, you can go to the -- let's see, this -- there's a little tiny URL but the Little Point Book Shop is going to help me do this graduation season. I'll do a personalized book for your grad presents.KILMEADE: They are the best. They are the best.PERINO: I still believe everything will be OK.WATTERS: Very nice. Harold Ford?FORD JR.: A Pennsylvania man took love thy neighbor to a whole new level, rescuing this -- a fire here, the firemen were able to get in there, get both of them out. The mayor of the town thank them all. So, God bless them.WATTERS: God bless. Great heroes.KILMEADE: By the way, just a quick announcement. Henderson Nevada right outside Las Vegas, it's coming up in nine days. On the 27th on stage, History, Liberty, and Laughs, I can't wait to meet everybody in person, briankilmeade.com.PERINO: Wow, you did it.WATTERS: Well done, Brian. You're good at this.KILMEADE: How much -- two seconds?WATTERS: Have a good night, everybody.