JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICS REPORTER, THE HILL: There is opportunity there. I don't think New York is going to go to Trump, but I think Republicans can continue to make a showing there. NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, history could repeat itself. We'll watch it closer.Julia Manchester, thank you. That'll do it for us. Let's go right to THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.The presumptive GOP nominee boldly going where no Republican has gone since Ronald Reagan. Donald Trump getting ready to hold a rally in the Bronx. It's a deep blue district in New York City that Biden won by 83 percent in 2020.Trump will try to spread his MAGA message to black and Hispanic voters in an effort to try to win over the traditional Democratic voting bloc as Biden's coalition crumbles.The former president expected to hammer issues like rising crime, inflation and the border. Democrats fuming that Trump even dares to talk to their traditional voters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): Bronx knows better, we see what's going on. This is like essentially, I think it's a GoFundMe for legal funds. This is an attempt to I think trick some of our folks here but I think the Bronx knows better.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's obvious to all of us that his priority is not the people of the Bronx. I'm confident the people the Bronx are not going to buy the snake oil he's selling.I mean, his presidency was a catastrophe for the Bronx. He should be apologizing to the people of the Bronx for the damage he's done.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, it seems like a long shot that, you know, Donald Trump would ever win New York. But looking at Lee Zeldin numbers in 2022, does make me realize that there are a lot more Republicans and dissatisfied Democrats in the state of New York than we'd like to admit.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Democratic lawmakers will also be there at the same park but not for the rally. They are protesting Trump's visit. But there are many residents who think that the former president will be received with open arms.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I see Democrats now coming out. And they're like, oh, Trump is not welcome here. Who are you?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think he should definitely come to the neighborhood.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He should come. He should check out the people because he dropped us for the little man.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Not all Democrats vote Democrat. I happen to be one of those Democrats that hasn't voted Democrat since the age of Ronald Reagan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People that weren't interested in politics, now they're watching a sham trial. They're watching all these things happen. And they're just like, what is going on?(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Jesse, this is my favorite story that's got all sorts of things that I want to talk about. But I will ask you questions instead.Can you imagine President Biden going to Missouri, or Alabama or Arkansas and showing that sign that kind of confidence in this election year to say, I'm here to try to talk to you voters?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Actually, I don't think it's a good idea for him to go there. You get a little hairy, but you know, if he has the courage, go for it. I don't think it's going to turn out any new voters but this will.First, AOC, there's no evidence he's bossing anybody in. Johnny has been there since 2:00. That's B.S.And he's not using it to raise money. If you were to raise money, would you go to the Bronx and get people's e-mail addresses and then hit him up for like a $10.00 donation? That's not happening.And the other guy that says that this was a catastrophe, Trump's presidency for the Bronx. Why? Because there were lower prices, lower rent, lower crime, lower migrants? I don't even know what the guy's talking about.So, it does seem like they're trying to say Trump's racist, and they have to go all the way back into the '80s to say he's racist.I remember in the '80s, blacks love Trump. In the '90s they loved him. In the 2000s, Blacks wanted to be Trump. Everybody wanted to be Trump, no matter what color you are, that change when he ran for president.And I don't think Black Americans even really knew who Joe Biden was until Barack Obama tapped him for V.P.But the way the electoral system is in this country, because time is money. A lot of the times you raise money in your own strongholds, and then you campaign in the battlegrounds and you kind of leave your other opponent's space alone.That's off the table now because Trump smells weakness. So, he's diving into Joe Biden's base. And you know, voters are like women, Dana, they want to be courted, they want you to lavish attention on them.So, the Bronx is now like, hey, where are you been all my life? Come over here. And he's coming and he is going to come strong.I think if you replicate this, maybe not in New York, but if you go into these deep blue precincts in Philly, you do it in Milwaukee, you do it in Atlanta, you do it in Detroit, if you can even just get in a battleground, maybe three to four more percent of the Black and Hispanic vote in these cities. That makes a huge difference in November.PERINO: And Harold, it's not just New York. I want to get your take on this as well. But there was a poll today showing New Hampshire, Trump up in New Hampshire over Biden. Biden was there this week with one of the weakest campaign events I've seen since the Wawa.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So, good to be back. I think two things, it is very smart for candidates to go and meet people where they live, to understand their needs and challenges and aspirations and dreams and hopes. And the only way you can do that is to not box out or not alienate or not eliminate, going to places.I'm old enough to remember when California was a reliably Republican state for presidential candidates, I was old enough to remember when New York elected Republican governors, and even Massachusetts elected Republican governors.One thing is for certain, you won't get the vote of people, any person if you don't go and ask them. And you don't understand people if you don't go and see how they live, where they live, and understand why it is they may have needs that are different than other communities across the country. That's number one.Number two, I think it's fair to go after President Trump on things that he's said in the past. And he should just answer it. I do think that there's -- there are things that he has done and said that I find a little off putting, but he's answered a lot of those questions. And I think -- I think that voters will have an opportunity to view him in a -- in a light that is fair to him.But you can't expect to get any votes if you don't go into these places. And to your last point, to your point, Jesse, I think, you know, black voters should not be thought of reflexively as Democratic voters. We have voted Democrat in the past largely because the Democratic Party has, we believe stood up for us at times of need, in times of grief, political brief that is and when it's set up for us in terms of education and other things.But if you listen to what those people said there in the Bronx, residents of the Bronx, I assume that they are, people we had in our package. They welcome the president coming. It's like, we want you to hear what we have to say. And if you have a better set of answers than the -- than the guy you're running against, we're going to -- we're going to -- we're going to grade you on how you plan to charter future that includes us. So, I applaud the president for going.PERINO: It's up to a lifelong New Yorker who knows that President Trump loves New York. He wants -- and he wants it to be a better city. And they'll hear that tonight.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: They will hear that and you know, the thing about the Democrats saying things like the Bronx Dems plan to counter the enemy Trump. And the whole idea that AOC is saying, you know, Trump is now -- you know, he should be embarrassed.The truth is Trump is a true New Yorker, he's proved it. I've walked down the street with him 30 years ago. And if it was a cop, or someone with a hard hat or a waitress, and I've said this before, they loved him. They always loved him. And it wasn't until he ran for president where all of a sudden that people who loved him, decided that they hated him.But I'm not so sure. Wait a minute, I'm not so sure that they hated him. I think that they were told to hate him because he was a Republican. He was the same guy he was when he was walking down the street.But you get people like AOC. And you realize that she is representative of a dictatorial approach to politics in America. And that's where the left is right now. They don't want to see him in their area. They don't want people to vote for him. They don't even want you to listen to him. And that's what's so sick about all of this.And you know, AOC is acting like, you know, I grew up here. That's a quote, she didn't grow up there. She was born in the Bronx. She grew up in Westchester County, one of the most affluent counties in the country. She went to Hackley. She went to Boston College.I mean, she has -- she doesn't -- she can't lay claim to the Bronx or anywhere else.And where does Donald Trump go? He goes, where people are afraid to go. He's going to Harlem. He's been to a Bodega. He goes and talks to construction workers. And people want to hear from them because they're not happy with what the Democrats are selling them. They're not happy having to pay for food. They're not happy that the illegals are getting a -- getting better rights and more products and more benefits than they are.And they're not happy with the product -- with the fact that they've got to pay more for gas and $11,000 more a year just to live because of the Democrats inflation.PERINO: And one of the things that Biden does repeatedly is talk about the MAGA minions and the extremists and cutting off those voters. And then President Trump has taken a different tack, which is to say, I know they might like not like me, but I'm going to go talk to them anyway. So, he's like expanding the circle.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, he also runs to the challenge and not to the basement. And I don't think Biden is capable of doing anything outside his comfort zone. Especially when that comfort zone is a room with round-the-clock nurses and no sharp objects.It is amazing to see AOC kind of somehow offended, offended that Trump would campaign in the Bronx and speak to thousands of voters, how dare he because her candidate can't do that. It's not fair. But it's not Trump's fault that Biden's imploding like an Iranian helicopter.Remember, AOC, Pelosi described her -- what did Pelosi say about her? A glass of water could be elected there as long as it's a registered Democrat. Right? She didn't have to be good.AOC is now less popular than a glass of water from Flint, Michigan. Nobody likes her. Trump draws crowds, she repels them. You brought it up yesterday. AOC killed the Amazon job. The Amazon jobs deal that costs the city thousands of jobs in her district and taxpaying citizens. It's the story of socialism. You don't know the real opportunity cost of electing a Marxist because you never experience what could have been because they destroyed the opportunity.I don't think the media is ready to admit how bad Biden has gotten and how good Trump has gotten in the same time frame. It's like watching a video of a house being built at an accelerated speed. But then right next to it, it's the same tape in reverse.At this rate, Biden is going to be gone and Trump's going to be sunning himself on Mount Rushmore, but you'll still have Joe Scarborough going, but wait, Biden, he could still breathe, the machine, it's still beeping.PERINO: Well, I love it. Then we're going to carry it live. I think we have 50 -- 49 minutes left to go. Johnny is there. Alexis McAdams is there and looks like there's a lot of energy and there's some flags. You got to love that.Coming up, you don't love Bidenomics, you don't say. Some in the media think you're just not smart enough to know how good you've got it.GUTFELD: Yes.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Bidenomics continues to be a vampire, sucking the life out of our finances, draining bank accounts faster than Jesse's when he binges on two pays and tanning beds.But now, MSNBC's Stephanie Ruhle trying to hypnotize Americans into thinking we're not feeling the bite, cue the economic explainer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHANIE RUHLE, NBC NEWS SENIOR BUSINESS ANALYST: We need an economic explainer. People are confused, they're exhausted, but they're also doing quite well.So, I want to start with prices. They've been an issue for everyone.AUSTAN GOLSBEE, PRESIDENT, CHICAGO FEDERAL RESERVE: You've had inflation that got way too high in the U.S. and in other countries around the world. Incomes didn't keep up with that.I think the economy's doing well. But we get shocks from outside, the United States have seen that happen with supply chains. We've seen that happen with wars.I think we're kind of keeping our fingers crossed. We don't get another.(END VIDEO CLIP) GUTFELD: That was exciting. But Ruhle needs to go to school if she thinks Americans are doing quite well. And why not hop on over to her local fast food joint, which is where Joe has supersized the cost of fries, Big Macs, and even your trusted footlong. All of which have gone up since Biden stepped into office.Harold, this is arrogant and insulting. It's like a -- it's like a comic who bombs on stage and blames the audience. They're blaming the people. Do you think that she's been to a fast-food restaurant? She doesn't mind because organic blueberries are always going to be $12.00, you know, a pound or whatever they are. I wouldn't know because I have nothing but junk.FORD JR.: I like Stephanie, I don't necessarily agree with her and Austan, but I don't fully agree with what they're saying.WATTERS: (INAUDIBLE) politicians.FORD JR.: When politicians, we've said on the show many times, when you are telling someone that they're safe, that they're healthy, that they are economically secure, and they don't feel it. It's a hard time translating that into them supporting you when you say that they should be feeling well.The truth of the matter is that the link credit card delinquencies are up from last year. Serious delinquencies are at seven percent versus four percent.We do have two economies, wealthier households are doing better and don't have the kind of anxiety and the concerns that low and moderate-income households have.I think that's a dilemma that the Fed faces as they think about what they're going to do or when they're going to do it or for that matter if they're going to do a cut at all, which is something that some people are clamoring for and the data suggest that they shouldn't do it because inflation could be going back up.But I start where -- I am where it started. Everyday Americans in low and moderate income categories are feeling strained and weak. There's no amount of numbers, there's no amount of data that's going to tell someone who can't pay their credit card bill who's struggling to renew their insurance and to afford their insurance or tell someone who's trying to buy gas or food that, look, you're doing better. Don't worry about the high prices, you're going to be fine. Those people who do that normally lose elections.GUTFELD: Judge, you know what this reminds me of?PIRRO: What?GUTFELD: Crime and immigration, everybody who plays down these issues, play them down because they're immune from everything like, you know, she does - - the prices don't matter to her. The immigration, crime, you're a -- you have a building. You know, man with security, you're ordering whatever you want. It's this elitist point of view.PIRRO: It's an elitist point of view. And I want to say you have good skin for eating nothing but junk.GUTFELD: I think it's the junk that does it to me.PIRRO: Oh, I got to try that. Look, you know, I thought about it. And I said, who are these people convincing that the economy is great? The only people that they're convincing are the people who were rich and wealthy, which is exactly your point.The truth is, you know, they're delusional, because 70 percent of Americans have a negative view of the economy. 64 percent say it's getting worse. And then 64 percent disapprove of Biden and now he's running the economy.So, you can talk till the cows come home. And that's not going to change anything with credit card debt as Harold talked about being over the top and the medium fries $1.79 in 2019 a $4.79 today, a Big Mac went from $5.99 to $12.69. A chicken burrito at Chipotle $6.50 to $10.70.This is what people are eating, inflation is more than $12,000 a year just to live the same way you live last year.So, this isn't about, you know, oh, you're stupid. You're not -- you know, you're just not feeling it. This is reality. And these people live in their own world, in their own bubble. And that's why people like Donald Trump are going to the Bronx to talk to people and I guarantee you is going to have a great crowd tonight in spite of how hard the Democrats are trying to tell people not to go.GUTFELD: Jesse, you love a good footlong. You're going to --WATTERS: Sandwich.GUTFELD: Yes, the assumption was there. And by the way, it's not a sandwich. It's a hot dog. Are you going to dial back to a smaller weenie?WATTERS: A six-inch?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: I'm going to go with a six-inch, it's all I can afford, Greg. I don't make Gutfeld money.But I will say this, I did not take econ 101 in college, one of my biggest regrets, but I made up for it by reading the Wall Street Journal.And I have a financial advisor. I mean, I'm no Harold Ford, Jr. or anything, but I think I have a basic grasp of this.So, a little econ explainer, if Joe Schmo makes, I don't know, 10 percent more one year, that's great. Way to go Joe Schmo.But if rent, insurance, gasoline, mortgage payments, groceries are all up 30 to 50 percent, then Joe Schmo is getting hammered. And he can maybe not survive that, Stephanie Ruhle can survive that. So, why doesn't Stephanie just feel his pain? I thought Democrats were compassionate.And here's why. They can't acknowledge that their policies caused the pain.GUTFELD: Exactly.WATTERS: They can't acknowledge that the trillions in spending, the opening the borders, which increases consumption and drives down wages, and the war on energy, skyrocketed inflation. So, they're in denial, and they're telling everybody else, you're in denial. It's a projection.GUTFELD: It is.PERINO: And there's another one, which is the $20.00 minimum wage in California, for example, that has also -- that's the most populous state, right, so that's been a problem. And there's been all these giveaways to union. So, that's happening.That means some of these fast food owners, franchise owners are trying to figure out how they can keep these places open. They're cutting -- they're cutting hours, which means people aren't able to work as much.But liberal leads that Biden cares about it. They haven't been inside a fast food restaurant since like, Michelle Obama told them that this was outrageous.But where do you think a truck driver is going was -- he's got to get from point A to point B in a certain amount of time to make his delivery on time so that he gets paid.And along the way, you might have a fast-food restaurant and who cares? People can eat whatever they want to eat. But they can't pretend that they don't have a huge problem.The other thing is the White House says that this is all corporate greed. How come there's only corporate greed when Democrats are in office?GUTFELD: Right.PERINO: It doesn't pass the smell test and people like in the Bronx, they know.GUTFELD: You know, you kind of touch it. There is a scent of a class issue here where they assign a moral value to the things you buy. You know, like, who eats fast food? Not people I know.But I have a feeling a lot more people will be eating fast food, particularly the people at Media Matters who got laid off.Ahead, yes, how dare a Republican vote for a Republican? A TDS meltdown over Nikki Haley backing Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO U.N.: Trump has not been perfect on these policies. I've made that clear many, many times.But Biden has been a catastrophe. So, I will be voting for Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The liberal media foaming at the mouth and fury that a Republican dares vote for another Republican. Nikki Haley revealing she'll be checking off Donald Trump's name in the ballot box this November and it's triggering a tsunami of liberal tears that Nikki didn't pull Liz Cheney.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NICOLLE WALLACE, MSNBC HOST: We need shrinks and cults experts to explain this because what's at your reporting, it doesn't make a lick of sense to me.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: I am shocked that she would sink so low so fast. Just lie about the facts as badly as she did.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: has certainly tried it on tonight.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is all about her personal ambition. It's not about the country. It feels so peak, Nikki Haley.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: She kind of does that thing when you pull in a fish. And the fish is like this trying to get somebody to flip flop like flip flop in a funny way. Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Flip flop, flip flop, flip flop.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Judge Jeanine, did they really expect that Nikki Haley was maybe just not going to endorse Donald Trump at all?PIRRO: Well, you know, I think there's a --WATTERS: Endorse Joe Biden?PIRRO: I think there's a difference between endorsing someone and saying kind of at the end of his speech and answer to a question that you're going to vote for him. I see an endorsement as something where you show up with the candidate. You have an event that is specifically around that idea. And to me, that's an endorsement. This was kind of a, you know, yes, I'll vote for Trump. I mean, she really has to come out and say a little more than that for her to endorse him.But having said that, I am just so sick and tired of these people on the left saying that we're part of a cult. You know, get yourself a cult expert to analyze the half of the American people from afar because I'm tired of hearing about all of us being in a cult. But I think that Nikki did say something that's accurate. And she said that Biden is one of the worst Presidents in history as it relates to the withdrawal in Afghanistan, and that foreign policy is certainly her forte. But I'd like to see her actually do a real and political endorsement.WATTERS: Do you think we'll see that with those two on stage?PERINO: Well, it takes two to tango, right? So, I mean, in order to have that kind of event, you have to have Trump saying I want to appear with you at this event.PIRRO: Well, she has to make the --PERINO: And that could -- so that could happen.PIRRO: Yes, we don't know if she's made that offer yet.PERINO: Yes. So -- and I think this is sort of natural like -- and it happens when you think about like -- remember when Hillary and Obama were at each other's throats all that -- that whole summer, and then what did Hillary do? She was like I'm for Obama and then she wouldn't campaign for him even if she tried to undermine him a little bit.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: It would be good if the media would consider that why somebody would want to have this position, disagree with Trump but think that Biden is a disaster. Bill Barr said Trump might be Russian Roulette but Biden is national suicide. There was a friend of mine's wife said she doesn't like Trump but if Biden wins they're never going to be able to refinance their house.So, people are making some practical decisions. And I imagine that the Trump team would say we'll take those voters. We want them too because they know that they have to cobble all of these things together to make their coalition sing. The other thing is that the left seems to think that you should say OK, you might not like Trump so that means that you should go over and vote for a guy that you think is a disaster for you. Like, that's just -- that's unrealistic. It's not going to happen.And I think -- like just looking at some of the reporting. Lawrence Jones just posted on X that he's been to a lot of Trump rallies. He's at the Bronx now along with Johnny and Alexis McAdams. He says I've never seen anything like this. So, something's happening out there. And again, like you have to pull all these pieces together. I'm not saying it's perfect picture, but you're starting to see how a new coalition could be forming while Biden starts to fall apart.WATTERS: You do see things falling into place slowly by slowly, Greg.GUTFELD: Just like your hair. You know, you said practical decision. That's an adult decision. Nikki made an adult decision, divorce from the kind of emotional dead end of never-Trumpism. An adult decision is you don't have to like someone to know and appreciate their value. Who would you rather have, you know, an incompetent but likable agent or an arrogant shark who wins?You know, like it or not Trump is America's agent, right? Not the world's agent. It's the basic definition in my mind anyway of populism. He's your agent and not theirs. Was Kamala a flip-flopper when she ended up working for a racist? By her own definition, Joe Biden was a racist. He kept her on the bus.WATTERS: Good point.GUTFELD: You know, this is why the elites in both parties who profited off the backs slapping geopolitics found Trump so unseemly in the first place. They didn't want their cocktail party ruined by some unseemly rogue asking how much the cocktail weenies are or are you paying your fair share. The never-Trumpers cannot divorce themselves from the personal impact that Trump made on their -- on their egos whether it's Mitt or Liz Cheney or Kinzinger.There's a lot of ego and a lot of resentment built into it and you call it a sunk cost. You know, once you marry yourself to so much emotion over so much time and you put so much effort into this, you can't reverse that stance. It hurts too much. They can't change their mind. So that -- when they see somebody do that, they it burns them up. That's what you're seeing. That's why you're seeing a lot of these implosions.WATTERS: And it's happened in political history. A lot of these times people tear each other's faces off for a year before the election, and then they break bread and come together.FORD JR.: So, I think her saying yesterday, Judge, that her being Nikki Haley, Governor Haley, she's supporting Trump -- if you're in a trump campaign and you're serious about the numbers in a campaign, you want what she said yesterday and you want what you said as well. Remember, since March 6th which Mr. Trump has locked up the nomination since March 6, Nikki Haley got 18 percent of the vote in Arizona in a closed primary. Meaning, only Republicans voted. She got 14 percent in Florida and 17 percent in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.So, her saying at the end of the day this is what's going to make, I'm going to have to vote for him because I don't want to vote for Biden, is something good for Trump. Now, on the flip side, Democrats do the same. Democrats are going to say, well, I may -- I may have reservations about Biden but I can't stand Trump for abortion, January 6, what they did on -- they'll have a number of reasons why they -- why they feel that way as well.Finally, for those who care about the debt we were talking about, I think it's going to be really interesting to see these two campaigns talk about the economy. I think some of the headline stuff right now is interesting and it's predictable. But when you really dig into the numbers and you look at some of the things that are happening on the Republican side, there's a whole new movement of Republicans rising up saying that we want unions, we want higher tariffs, we want more government -- more government spending. Now, that used to be the things that Democrats used to say.Now, you -- these are -- these are facts within what's happening in the Republican narrative. Mr. Trump when he was in office for four years ran up an $8 trillion debt. Mr. Biden since he's been in office, as of September 23 -- I don't have numbers since September 23, has accumulated a $4.7 trillion debt. So, once we get into this -- and I hope that's what the debates are about. I hope that's what the debates are about and let both of these candidates answer these tough right-in-your-face questions.And I hope even if the president being in the Bronx, I hope they ask him these questions as well. And any Democrat that says he doesn't have the right to go there, you don't know politics. This is what politics is, meeting voters where they are and answering their questions.PIRRO: Take that AOC.WATTERS: Yes.FORD JR.: Well, I'm just saying anybody.WATTERS: Yes, that's coming right you AOC.FORD JR.: When I ran --WATTERS: From Harold Ford Jr.FORD JR.: No, no, no, when I ran for office, there are Republicans who told me I shouldn't go to rural areas in Tennessee because I wouldn't be welcomed. That's nonsense.PIRRO: Same, all of us. I did the same thing.FORD JR.: It's silly. It's silly.WATTERS: It's just silliness. It's so silly. Coming up, whatever happened to women lifting up women's sports. The View launching a racial attack on Caitlin Clark.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: The haters are going to hate. Liberal media lunatics are launching ridiculous racial attacks on Caitlin Clark. She's the college sports sensation turn WNBA star who is making women's sports a big deal. Her celebrity is boosting the league's ratings and ticket sales. But when the left isn't busy trying to shove dudes into Caitlin's locker room, they're calling her fans racists.The View's Sunny Hostin claims Caitlin Clark is only popular because she's white.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: I do think that there is a thing called pretty privilege. There is a thing called white privilege. There is a thing called tall privilege. And we have to acknowledge that. And so, part of it is about race because if you think about the Brittney Griners of the world, you know, why did she have to go to play in Russia --WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: Because they wouldn't pay her.HOSTIN: Because they wouldn't pay her.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Oh.PERINO: Oh, my word.PIRRO: But thankfully, basketball legends like LeBron James and Charles Barkley are dunking on Caitlin's detractors.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEBRON JAMES, FORWARD, L.A. LAKERS: Caitlin Clark is the reason why a lot of great things is going to happen for the WNBA. I'm rooting for Caitlin because I've been in that seat before. I've walked that road before. I hope they -- I hope she kills.CHARLES BARKLEY, FORMER NBA STAR: LeBron, you 100 percent right on these girls hating on Caitlin Clark. Y'all petty girls. I expect men to be petty because we're the most insecure group in the world. You all should be thinking that girl for getting y'all (BLEEP) private charters, all the money and visibility she bringing to the WNBA.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: You know, Greg, it is so sad that it's women who are dumping on a woman who has the number one -- as far as I know the number one scoring in college and that Brittney Grinder didn't have, although they were each the WNBA number one draft. But after all these years of losing money in the WNBA, this woman that you're looking right there at the screen is making a huge difference for women's sports and the WNBA.GUTFELD: Well, first, you know, Sunny Hostin claims that Caitlin Clark and also Jemele Hill said the same thing, that her popularity was due to white privilege. Then how do you explain no one can stand Joy Behar. Like she -- you know -- and then she mentions pretty privilege which is basic -- in order for that to be true, Sunny Hostin just said that the women of the WNBA are dogs.She's saying she's doing well because she's basically pretty. She just called all of the WNBA women there dogs. And if you're going to play this privilege game, let's bring up Brittney Griner, right? What's her privilege? Black lesbian. You know, let's play the game. She was able to get back to the United States because of her privilege. What wokeism did was take the worst sin on the planet which is envy and elevated it as a form of political agency. So, you have Sunny and Jemele, they cannot be happy for somebody else's success, but they can express their envy as unfairness based on race or privilege. It's in -- it's actually indulging their human insecurities.Why don't I have that adulation. Is it because she's white? No, the real problem is that question that you have to ask why people are doing better than you. This racial prism has done more to dissuade young people from seeking success and drugs or alcohol. Instead of focusing on being a better you, you apply equity. They're actually applying equity to others who achieve more.Ironically, these are the very same people, the Sunny Hostin, Jemele Hill, who won't extend a hand down to women who have less success than they are. Why aren't they doing something? They're pathetic.PIRRO: And you know, the sad part about it is that it's not just that Caitlin, you know, holds the -- holds the number one spot in terms of college scoring in basketball, but she's an entertainer. She's got swag. She's got something that a lot of these basketball players don't have.WATTERS: She's got the It Factor. Let's just play a game, Judge Jeanine.PIRRO: OK.WATTERS: THE FIVE is a pretty popular show, right? We do like three million a night, everyone loves us, Dana needs security when she walks outside alone. It's insane. Harold Ford Jr., he tries out for The Voice, all of a sudden people discovered what a beautiful soulful crooner Harold Ford Jr. is and all of a sudden this show skyrockets to popularity. We're sitting next to Harold Ford. Everyone's watching him on The Voice now everybody's watching us on THE FIVE. It's great.We don't sit around and say, oh man, I'm so jealous because Harold is so handsome. He's just so talented. It should have been me. You know, he doesn't deserve it. No, you're just happy to be along for the ride. That's what these other women should be, happy to be a part of something special.PIRRO: And Dana, the truth is that they're not. And I suspect that these women should an average male basketball player decide he wants to be in the WNBA, so he transitions --PERINO: Yes, exactly.PIRRO: How long is it going to be before they say you go, man.PERINO: Exactly. And I mean do you think that they for -- in one if Brittney -- excuse me, if Caitlin Clark agreed to come on their show, that they wouldn't take it because why, it would help their ratings. Of course, it would. And Brittney Griner, let's not forget, America gave up a convicted murderer, drug dealing, gunrunner in order to get him back, and we left a U.S. Marine in Moscow at the same time. So, there's some privilege right there.And also, talk about pretty privilege. Do they -- does she think that they keep her on The View for her like stunning legal insights? I don't think that's the case. And I don't like to be mean girl. I don't. And I don't like it when they do it, and I they do it all the time. But now, that they're doing it with race. That's disgusting.PIRRO: How do you see this?FORD JR.: We think -- we think about race -- I say all the time, this preoccupation with race is it lessens the arguments where race is actually a factor. Caitlin Clark accomplished something in college basketball that that no one has accomplished before. She broke all of these scoring records in three years. You normally take four years to play college basketball, and the people who had those records did it in four years -- had she stayed the fourth year, she'd put the records out of reach for a long time. All records will be broken but what she did was truly amazing too.She's introduced so many young kids to the game. You're going to have a group of kids who believe who will grow up knowing the WNBA like they know the NBA. And the WNBA to Charles Barkley's I thought very poignant point was, important point was, they're -- the WNBA is going to start getting the same -- well, their salaries will go up, they'll start being treated alike.You think about this. In the last couple years, the women's NCAA basketball tournament, they didn't give any kind of consideration for those young women to be able to practice for their green room. The men had everything, and the women had nothing, and someone shine a light on it and that changed because of this young lady. If you're young -- if you're 4, 5, 6, 7 years old, 9, 10, 11 years old and you're playing -- you want to go to college, you will have a very different experience in college basketball because of her.And there's a -- there's a great saying in all of sports, you know, the ball don't lie. She can play. And anybody that doesn't think she can play, didn't watch her. Now, she's going to have a transition to the WNBA because it's a bunch of pros. Like, college players going to the pros, they have a challenge. But she came to New York the other night and lit it up with 22 points. This young lady can play. She's going to be good for men, but mostly she's going to be good for women sports. And everybody should be saluting her.PERINO: She's got (INAUDIBLE).PIRRO: And you know what? And we love you Caitlin Clark.FORD JR.: I think she's great.PIRRO: She is. She's a superstar.GUTFELD: It's because she's white.PIRRO: Yes, and pretty, and pretty. All right -- and good. "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back! Speed demon -- speed demons, heads up. Your rod is about to snitch on you. A bill in California could require new cars to beep at drivers when they exceed the speed limit by at least 10 miles per hour. Judge, what do you think about this?PIRRO: Why did you come to me on that?FORD JR.: I mean, I'm just curious. Is this something that you are --PIRRO: I think it's wonderful. For someone who spent 30 years in law enforcement, it's a wonderful thing. But for me personally, I hope it just beeps on the inside and not on the outside. Do we know where it's beeping, in or out?FORD JR.: Primetime, what do you think about this?WATTERS: I mean, they used to regulate putting seat belts in, and that was a good thing. And we've gone way too far. What's -- the thing is going to smack me in the face when I argue with Emma on a road trip? It's gotten way out of hand, Harold. Nanny State.FORD JR.: You think when Peter drive you --PERINO: I'm against it. I want my freedom because I really speed a lot.WATTERS: And you hate beeps.PERINO: I hate all noises.FORD JR.: Exclamation Point, what's your thinking on this?GUTFELD: Well, I love the sound of a good beep. So, this is -- this is not going to work on me. But none of this is going to matter in 20 years where all the cars are going to be self-driving. And you say no, that isn't, but once all the cars start off offering it is an option, you're not going to buy a car that doesn't have the option. And then all of a sudden, the insurance companies are going to start lowering the rates because they're going to see how safe a self-driving car is, and then there will be really special rates for people that just use a self-driving car. And then like 40, 50 years from now, people are going to go did you realize --PERINO: Can you believe?GUTFELD: Can you believe humans actually drove themselves and had 43,000 deaths per year? They let 43,000 people die so they could drive around. Murderer.FORD JR.: Do you think -- real quick around. Do you think in 20 years we will have more -- the dominance of driverless cars. 'PERINO: Yes, absolutely.FORD JR.: Do you.WATTERS: I'm still sticking with my own human-driven vehicle. Greg is not going to put me in a robot box on wheels.PIRRO: But if the Democrats are in charge, you won't have a choice.FORD JR.: What is Democrats --PIRRO: They're going to tell you that you have to drive that.PERINO: The signs of -- the world is ending in 10 years with global warming anyway, Harold. Haven't you heard?PIRRO: Yes. Remember, Harold?GUTFELD: It's good to be around the table.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: I love my friends. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." I don't usually do this but I want to play something from "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM." We spoke to this family this morning. Cassie and Bradley Kissinger joined America's Newsroom along with their newly adopted son. His name is Luke. Luke was in 25 foster homes in the last four years. He's 11 years old. They have now adopted him. Here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LUKE, ADOPTED SON OF CASSIE AND BRADLEY KISSINGER: I really just wanted to grip my mind around that I would actually be here forever. I never thought that forever was a thing anymore.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: So, he's going to play football this year. He hasn't been able to be on a team. It's a great family. Project Zero is a nonprofit that helped them. We wish him all the best. And Greg, you're next.GUTFELD: Oh, what a show we have tonight. Michele Tafoya, Andrew Gruel, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus 10:00 p.m. Let's do this. Greg's Duck Crossing News. You ever drive in some country road and all of a sudden the little ducks come across and you have to stop or else you run over them like Jesse does? Well, you know what? Check out this little duck crossing here. It was a -- from -- the duck belong to the Thrifty Treasures Antiques and More. It cost three grand and only to fly away. It weighs a 100 pounds, a giant inflatable duck.WATTERS: It came from Tyrus' bathtub.GUTFELD: That's -- nicely done. That's in Frankenmuth, Michigan.WATTERS: Frankenmuth.PERINO: Very good. Judge?PIRRO: OK, fashion goes to the dogs literally. Check out these adorable pooches rocking the red carpet at the pet gala at the American Kennel Club Museum of the Dog Week this week.PERINO: Cute.PIRRO: Museum of the Dog. Each K-9 donned couture similar to what celebrities wore at the Met Gala. The furry fashionista outfits will be housed at the Museum of the Dog for the month of June. It's very cute.PERINO: Fashion is really gone to the dogs.FORD JR.: I love that story this morning on "NEWSROOM."PIRRO: Yes, that is a beautiful story.FORD JR.: It's a great show of confidence.PERINO: All right, that's it for us, everyone. Have a great night.