TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: John, Sandra, thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Trace Gallagher in for Martha MacCallum, who is on assignment. We'll have more on that later. Meantime, House Republicans grilling Dr. Anthony Fauci about the origins of COVID and his response to the pandemic. Outkick Host, Tomi Lahren, calls it the scan-demic, and she will join us live with her take on that.First, Hunter Biden in court today for the first of his two federal trials, this one on gun charges in Delaware. He is set to face tax charges in California in September. He pleaded not guilty in both cases after a plea deal with the feds fell apart last year. He is now facing a total of more than 40 years in prison.First Lady Jill Biden in the courtroom today. The president is not there but put out a statement saying he loves and respects his son. Fox News Legal Editor Kerri Urbahn is standing by but first to the justice correspondent David Spunt. He's live for us at the courthouse in Wilmington. David, good afternoon.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL JUSTICE CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good afternoon to you. President Biden is about 15 minutes away from here at the Biden's Wilmington home, getting updates from aides, staying in close contact with the first lady and others. We're told that he'll be speaking to Hunter several times a day to get updates. Right now, we're still in the jury selection process. It's only the first day.We start out with 250 jurors and try to whittle it down to 12 actual jurors plus four alternates. In a town like this though, everybody has connections to someone with the name Biden. They know the name Biden. They're familiar with the name Biden. Hunter Biden himself and his wife Melissa Biden walked in a little bit after 8:30 this morning when that jury selection began. He is charged with three felony counts of lying on a federal gun form in 2018 when claiming he was not a drug user.Jurors were asked today about drug use and gun rights. Hunter's attorney Abby Lowell expected to argue that Hunter did not check no to being a drug user on that form. He says it needs to be examined whether other people filled out that form. The special counsel though is confident Hunter was the one who checked no in the box. As we mentioned, the First Lady, Jill Biden in the courtroom today happens to be traced her 73rd birthday, celebrating her birthday in court.Her daughter, Ashley Biden, also in the courtroom, all sitting in the front row, taking notes and paying close attention. President Biden releasing this statement: "I'm president, but I'm also a dad. Jill and I love our son. We're so proud of the man he is today. Hunter's resilience in the face of adversity and strength. He has brought to his recovery, or inspiring two us, a lot of families have loved ones who have overcome addiction and we know what they mean as president, and know what we mean as president.I don't know and won't comment on pending federal cases, but as a dad I have boundless love for my son, confidence in him, and respect for his strength. Our family has been through a lot together and Jill and I are going to continue to be there for Hunter and our family with love and support." This jury selection is expected to go maybe another hour or so. They've already kind of gotten things down to 36 prospective jurors in the pool and likely that means opening statements tomorrow. This entire trial is expected to go about two weeks, maybe a little less. Trace?GALLAGHER: David Spunt, live for us outside the courthouse. David, thank you. Let's bring in Kerri Urbahn, Fox News Legal Editor and Former Counselor to Attorney General Bill Barr. Kerri, great to have you on. I'm just wondering if you can listen to David go over what's happening in the courthouse there, are you surprised we got this far, are you surprised this thing didn't and with some sort of plea deal?KERRI URBAHN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL EDITOR: Yes, I'm very surprised, I think it would have been in Hunter's that interest to plead out to this given that the pretty open and shut case, you know, Biden's own admission, he was a drug user during the time he purchased this gun we know that from his book.Prosecution says, they have ample evidence of videos, and photos and the like from his infamous laptop that show the same. It's a pretty simple case, but Trace, I'll tell you what surprises me the most, it's not the fact that he decided not to do a guilty plea, it's the fact that Jill Biden is sitting there during jury selection and that's remarkable.I mean, think about if you're a juror sitting there, you're, you're looking at Hunter Biden, you're thinking about the ramifications of this case and then the First Lady is sitting there in the front row watching you as you do that. I mean that's definitely a message from the White House.GALLAGHER: Yes, and I'm just that was my second question is what do you make of that? I mean it kind of seems to me like it's unusual there. I mean it's hard to say that she can't do it, but it seems unusual, Kerri.URBAHN: Yes, and for jury selection, you know, we're not talking about opening arguments, closing arguments, we're not even talking about Hunter on the stand. You know, typically if someone sits there during jury selection, it's because, you know, they're sending a message. They want the jurors to look at you to say, like, look, here we are. Yes, this is a big deal.And given that this is her husband's Justice Department who is prosecuting Hunter Biden and Joe Biden has sent, I think, repeated public messages to his Justice Department by saying that his son has done nothing wrong, that he's innocent, that he's proud of him, and of course, including him, even up to a couple of days ago, Air Force One, the White House, big events. I mean, how else would you interpret that if you were working at the Department of Justice?GALLAGHER: Yes, at least Jill Biden didn't stand up and say, hey, by the way, it's my birthday. Just so everybody knows here, it's my birthday. We should point at this because the president did release a message saying, listen, we don't, I don't comment on federal cases. But here's what he said over the past. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My son's done nothing wrong. This thing about a gun, I didn't know anything about it. You get asked the question, are you on drugs? You use drugs? He said, no. And he wrote about saying no in his book.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you confident you son, Hunter, did nothing wrong?BIDEN: I'm confident. My son did nothing wrong.(End VT)GALLAGHER: And while we're talking about this, Kerri, I want to put up, because this is the timeline of the Hunter Biden case, but as you hear the president many times, my son did nothing wrong, now he's not commenting on this.It kind of starts in October 12, just so people get an idea, and then it goes all the way through to April 2021, when of course in his memoir, he admitted that he was smoking crack every 15 minutes. As far as the president not commenting on this, what would you say about that and his statement today, Kerri?URBAHN: He's been commenting for at least four years now. So, he can put out a statement if he would like this morning and we can just all pretend to forget everything he's been saying for how many years now about him being innocent, that he's done nothing wrong.And of course, without even saying that, the fact that he continues to include him at all these public events, even during certain flashpoints throughout this whole ordeal.And so, look, yes, is it a son? Now, it's an adult son. You know, we're not talking about a 10-year-old child. And I sometimes feel like the White House is approaching it as if it's someone who's under 18.But this is a grown man who made some poor decisions and now is suffering those consequences in the courtroom. But I thought it was quite remarkable that they sent the First Lady to sit there during jury selection today.GALLAGHER: Yes, and lastly, you know, the DOJ clearly thinks the laptop is legit, the laptop is real, so there's a little bit more backtracking that's going to happen as we go forward in this case, Kerri.URBAHN: Oh, we know they think it's real because they've said as much in the court filing. And so, I actually think the most interesting thing that we'll take away from the next two weeks is not all the stuff that we already know, that it's basically an open and shut gun case.It's the learning about that laptop. What are they going to extract? What are they going to reveal? Especially given, as you well remember, Trace, the incredible censorship that took place by social media and news organizations with respect to that laptop and everyone decrying that it was false.You had those 51 so-called intelligence experts saying that it was Russian disinformation, which was a joke. And Joe Biden himself repeated that line on the debate stage yet here we are how many years later and that laptop is the center of it all.GALLAGHER: Kerri Urbahn, great to see you, great work in the Trump trial. It was just exceptional, Kerri, thank you for coming on, we always appreciate it.Meantime, Dr. Anthony Fauci at the center of a heated hearing on the hill to defend against claims he tried to cover up what happened in the Wuhan lab.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: As you sit here today is it possible that COVID-19 was the result of a laboratory related accident?DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE SENIOR MEDICAL ADVISOR: Oh, absolutely, I feel based on the data that I have seen that the more likely, not definitive, but the more likely explanation is a natural spillover from an animal reservoir but since there has not been definitive proof one way or the other, we have to keep an open mind that it could be either.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And based on that answer, I think is the hypothesis that COVID-19 accidentally leaked from a lab a conspiracy theory?FAUCI: No, I mentioned that several times. Conceptually, the concept of it is not a conspiracy theory.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, Tomi Lahren has thoughts on that and she joins us next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, Dr. Anthony Fauci back on Capitol Hill for his first hearing since retiring and House Republicans had a lot of questions about the COVID pandemic. One congressman who's also a doctor called Fauci, Dr. Fear, and played a recording of Fauci talking about how to convince people to get vaccinated. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAUCI: And it's been proven that when you make it difficult for people in their lives, they lose their ideological (BLEEP) and they get vaccinated.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank you. Are all objections to COVID vaccinations, ideological (BLEEP), Dr. Fauci?FAUCI: No, they're not and that's not what I was referring to.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, in reference to making it hard for people to get education, traveling, working, I'd say it very much was in context.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Outkick Host Tomi Lahren is standing by. First, to the Chief Washington Correspondent, Mike Emanuel. Mike, good afternoon.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good afternoon. Dr. Anthony Fauci, the face of the government response to the COVID-19 pandemic, testified about his leadership in the government's response to COVID-19.Fauci testified for about three hours before a House select subcommittee and talked about the theory that perhaps he had tried to cover up a lab leak being part of the explanation for where COVID-19 was developed. He called that absolutely false and simply preposterous.Another key issue, Fauci has admitted that the six-foot social distancing rule, that was not based on scientific study. On that, Fauci says, it was the Centers for Disease Control dictating policy.Tempers flared when Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene refused to call Fauci, doctor.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): So, the type of science that you are representing, Mr. Fauci is abhorrent.Yes, because in my time, that man does not deserve to have a license. As a matter of fact, it should be revoked and he belongs in prison.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL (on camera): After the hearing, I asked a leading Democrat if Fauci should have shown more remorse and some humility for mistakes that were made.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): Well, look, that nobody is perfect, and that's just within the realm of historical experience. Their mistakes made in every effort to combat every plague and disease there's ever been.Dr. Fauci will be the first one to tell you that.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: On another key issue, Fauci insists he never used personal e-mail to conduct government business Trace.GALLAGHER: Mike Emanuel, live for us on Capitol Hill. Mike, thank you.Let's bring in Tomi Lahren, host of "Tommy Lahren is Fearless" on OutKick. She is also a Fox News contributor. Tomi, it's great to have you on.I'm just kind of interested, because you hear Jamie Raskin there say, well, you know, everybody makes mistakes. No, during the pandemic, you wouldn't allow the other side. That was the whole point. You would not allow the other side in this to say what they believed was helpful during COVID. This was their narrative, and that was the way it was.TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, as seen, Dr. Fauci also considered himself to be science itself. And if you question him, if other doctors and other medical and science professionals so much as questioned him, they were maligned, they were demonized. Some even lost their livelihood, lost their businesses, lost their licenses over this.So, for him to sit there today, and say that he is open minded, since when are you open minded? As someone who is personally censored and targeted by the Biden White House on Facebook, I can tell you that he is certainly not open minded. And for him to sit there today and show no remorse for the lies that he ruined, the economy that still tanking today because of those policies and that response to the COVID scamdemic, as I call it.The fact that he could sit there so smugly after all the lives that his guidance ruined, and just say that, oh, maybe they simply weren't following the science or that the science changes, that's infuriating to so many Americans.GALLAGHER: It is. And I got a two-part question here, Tomi, but I think it's instructive here. I want to play the first soundbite because this is Fauci today, saying that he'd never tried to downplay the lab leak theory. Listened to what he says.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Do you agree that there was a push to downplay the lab leak theory?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, FORMER DIRECTOR, NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND INFECTIOUS DISEASES: None on my part.JORDAN: Really?FAUCI: Really.JORDAN: Wow.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Wow, not on my part. Now. Let's rewind the clock a little bit. This is February of 2020, where Fauci is talking to Newt Gingrich on Newt's podcast, being asked about this theory. Look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NEWT GINGRICH, FORMER UNITED STATES HOUSE SPEAKER: There is a sort of urban legend that there's a biological warfare center in Wuhan, and that the coronavirus escaped from that. Did you have any sense of where it probably came from?FAUCI: I've heard these conspiracy theories. And like all conspiracy theories, Newt, they are just conspiracy theories. Is it impossible that, that could have happened? I don't think I can say that. It's not impossible.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Said it's not a conspiracy theory today. It's I mean, the whole thing is he clearly downplayed this, and we have the recordings.LAHREN: We do. And for so many of us that were called conspiracy theorists, when we had just simply questions about the COVID response. For that man to sit there, as I mentioned today, and saying that he is now open minded about. He was the authority on COVID. Americans were hanging on his every word for his advice and his guidance.So, to now sit there today and act like it was everybody else but him that made the poor decisions or maybe made decisions they shouldn't have made, to me, that is just so disappointing, so infuriating, so insulting, so condescending to the American people. This man will never show remorse. And I also got to say, Trace, the number of Democrats that sat there today, and thank this man for his service, I'm convinced if COVID were to happen all over again tomorrow, some of these same Democrats would do it all over again, maybe 10 times worse. They have no remorse for what they put this country through.GALLAGHER: Yes. And lastly, I want to play this sound bite, because it's good. This is Fauci being pressed on the six-foot distancing rule. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Once we realized that the virus was not spared by droplets, and was aerosolized, did you feel an indication to go back to the CDC and said, let's base this on science. Let's get rid of this six-foot rule.FAUCI: I've challenged the CDC multiple times --(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Publicly on this regard?FAUCI: It is not appropriate to be publicly challenging a sister organization.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You --(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Tomi, I got to go. I got 10 seconds for you here, but this was made up out of thin air.LAHREN: Yes. the accountability will never be there from this man. Everything bad that happened wasn't his fault, but he takes all the credit for everything good that happened. This man will never face accountability.GALLAGHER: Yes.LAHREN: I agree with Marjorie Taylor Greene and many others, he needs to be held accountable.GALLAGHER: Tomi Lahren, great to have you on the show. Thank you.Meantime, Matt Whitaker and Gerry Baker on the conviction of former President Trump, and the massive political implications for November and beyond.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Its weaponization of the Justice Department, of the FBI. Everyone tells me this is the easiest case they have ever seen to overturn. But they don't care because they want the less to left to the election.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Former President Trump vowed to appeal his 34-count felony conviction The New York Times writing, quoting here, ""Trump has few ways to overturn". That is not how constitutional law attorney, Jonathan Turley sees it. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Many of us see layers of reversible error here, and it could end up in front of the Supreme Court. I personally don't see how this verdict can be sustained.I was in that courtroom and I was shocked by how the Court was ruling. And I would hope that eventually maybe not initially, but eventually, an appeal will prevail, and the verdict will be thrown out.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, Trump surrogate, Matt Whitaker is here. But first, to the senior correspondent Eric Shawn, he is live outside Trump Tower. Eric, good afternoon.ERIC SHAWN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Hello, Trace.Well, former President Trump's lawyers say they will appeal that conviction and that they will win. Trump's lawyer Todd Blanche says that there is a variety of issues that had been raised that he said could eventually vacate the verdict.He plans to challenge the Manhattan district attorney Alvin Bragg, stretching the statute of limitations to include those election and tax laws, when guess what the former president was never charged with violating them all for Bragg to make this a felony case.Now, Trump's defenses sited Stormy Daniels' salacious testimony as just improper. Saying the judge should never have allowed that. The details of her alleged sexual encounter with Trump, even though others have faulted the defense for asking those questions in the first place.And other, former president has been attacking Judge Merchan as conflicted, because the judge once donated $15 in 2016 to President Biden's presidential campaign, and to a group called Stop Republicans, seeming violation of judicial rules.Well, the New York State Committee on judicial ethics did rule that there was no conflict, though reportedly gave Merchan a warning.Former Manhattan district attorney Democrats, Cy Vance, thinks that those amounts though, don't mean much.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CYRUS VANCE, FORMER DISTRICT ATTORNEY OF MANHATTAN: I think he is honest as the day is long. That he was careful. He was caring. And I think he handled very difficult trial with a neutral -- with a neutral hand and gave the president every benefit of the doubt that he was entitled to under the law.(END VIDEO CLIP)SHAWN: But some court observers don't think the appeal will go anywhere. They say that they need to show egregious judicial misconduct or real serious problems with what evidence was restricted and not allowed in or what was allowed in. And they also point out that well, appellate courts, they just don't like to second guess juries won't know until the Trump team files the appellate decision and the appellate appeal about 30 days after his sentencing on July 11th.Trace, back to you.GALLAGHER: Eric Shawn, live for us in New York. Eric, thank you. Let's bring in Matt Whitaker, former acting attorney general and Trump surrogate Matt, great to have you back on the show.I want to play this back and forth between will Scharf and George Stephanopoulos. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILL SCHARF, REPRESENTING TRUMP IN IMMUNITY CASE: I vehemently disagree that the district attorney in New York was not politically motivated here. And I vehemently disagree that President Biden and his political allies aren't up to their necks in this prosecution. I think the fact is Biden --(CROSSTALK)GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS, CHIEF ANCHOR, ABC NEWS: There is no evidence of that, sir.Sir, there is no -- there is not -- I'm not going to let you can continue to say that. There is just zero evidence of that. (INAUDIBLE)SCHARF: Well, how about the fact that Matthew Colangelo was stand -- was standing over Alvin Bragg's shoulder when he announced this verdict?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It's really hard to argue there is no evidence that this was politicized, Matt. When you know that Alvin Bragg vowed to get Trump and every part of this trial was politicized.MATTHEW WHITAKER, FORMER ACTING UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL: You are right, Trace. It's good to be with you today. You know, I look at this and the left obviously has what they want. And I think it will be overturned on appeal. There is just too much that is reversible in this case and that prejudiced Donald Trump that was not probative, whether it's the Stormy Daniels, whether it's the jury instructions, whether it's the Fifth and Sixth Amendment violations.But, you know, once it is reversed, where will Donald Trump go to undo this election interference? There is nowhere. This is what the left wanted. They wanted to have him be a convicted felon. But this has really done significant and long-lasting damage to our system of justice.GALLAGHER: Yes, you -- I want to put up this ABC Ipsos poll and whether the verdict was correct, because you see at the top there, 50 percent. That means, half of voters, half of those polled, Matt, think this was correct.How do you explain that? I know that the other -- yes, you had the other two numbers together, not correct, don't know. You've also got 50 percent. But still the people that think this is correct. How did they come to that conclusion in your mind?WHITAKER: It's baffling. I mean, the way that we had to read the tea leaves for even what the testimony was. I don't know how Americans are so certain that what the evidence was, but at the end of the day, for some reason, Alvin Bragg was allowed to never tell until the very end -- President Trump and his defense team what the alleged crime was.GALLAGHER: Yes.WHITAKER: And then, at the end of the day, for the first time in American history, a state court charged a federal campaign election violation. It's unprecedented. It's not going to stand, but at the end of the day --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.WHITAKER: You know, this is the intention, the left just wanted to slam this through to get a conviction.GALLAGHER: It's interesting, Matt, because the people that I talked to who think the verdict was correct, the jury was correct. Our thinking that the jury can only work with the evidence and the information they had, the information they were given, the instructions they were given. So, maybe that plays into this little bit. Your final thoughts.WHITAKER: I don't think there's any doubt that Judge Merchan put a real funnel that almost guided the jury, that did guide the jury to this decision, this resolution. I'm not sure they had a way out if they really wanted to. And at the end of the day, you had a jury pool pulling from 95 percent Democrat voters. It was really tough.GALLAGHER: Yes. Ten seconds, I got to go. Does this get overturned on appeal?WHITAKER: I think it absolutely does. The courts of appeal, all the way up to the United States Supreme Court will have serious concerns about what Judge Merchan did in his decisions.GALLAGHER: Matt Whitaker, thank you, sir. We appreciate it. Well, voters sound off on former President Trump's conviction and what it means for their vote in November, that's next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JULIETTE, NEW YORK CITY RESIDENT: I feel bad for America. I feel bad that our country truly is crumbling. And more people are now seeing this and waking up, because this was nothing but a witch hunt. I'm a Democrat and I'm supporting this man. I hated this man. But now that I love America and I love my country, and I love my freedoms, I want to fight to protect them and to keep them. And I stand with Trump because that's what he's doing.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, just five months from Election Day, we are talking to voters from across the country and across the political spectrum about the potential impact former president Trump's felony conviction could have on their vote. Our panel of voters joins us now. Theresa Albano is a Republican from New Jersey, Bernadette Wright is an Independent from Georgia, and Andrew McDonald is a Democrat voter from California. He is currently attending college in New York. Thank you all for coming on. We very much appreciate it.I want to put up this poll so we all kind of have a feeling for where we are right now. This is the ABC-Ipsos poll. Do you think Trump should end his campaign because of the verdict? And you have 49 percent say that he should, 37 should not, and 14 don't know. What do you think about those numbers?, Teresa Albano, because you're a Republican.THERESA ALBANO, REPUBLICAN VOTER FROM NEW JERSEY: I'm actually surprised at those numbers. I think that Trump should absolutely not leave his campaign. I think this makes him stronger. I think this is inspiring a lot of people to vote for him. And he's just standing tall and proud and fighting for the American people still, and that speaks volumes to me.GALLAGHER: Yes. Andrew, you're a Democrat and I want you to know what some other Democrats are saying, because a lot of Democrats believe that this trial was weaponized. And the free press put out an article and three Democrats in that article said the following here. Kate Nitti, a lifelong Democrat, says, "I feel the need to send a message to the Democrats that their dirty politics will not be rewarded."Jack MacGuire, who voted for Hillary Clinton in 2016, "I'm all in with the MAGA people because this has to end." And Emery Barter, a lifelong Democrat, said the following, "Trump does not scare me." What do you think the impact of this trial is on your vote and some of the people that you might associate with who are also Democrats?ANDREW MCDONALD, DEMOCRAT VOTER FROM CALIFORNIA. As of right now, I can't really say that this sways my opinion on if I'm going to vote or not for Donald Trump, or if I'm going to sway away from Joe Biden for Trump. I think, you know, if he thinks himself as innocent, he should push this all the way to the courts, and let the courts and our wonderful legal system decide.However, for a lot of Democrats, I understand that, you know, Joe Biden is not a popular president. He's, you know, been hovering at around 35 percent since he pulled out of Afghanistan. So I understand that but I really don't think there's any real smoking gun that the Biden administration was directly involved, you know, corralling the jury to say anything else.And, you know, I don't think another jury, you know, further up in the court system would decide any different than the guilty verdict that he received.GALLAGHER: Very quickly, Andrew, what about the trial itself? Do you believe the trial itself was fair, that the judge was fair, that the charges against the former president were fair, that the fact that he had three options to be able to convict, was that fair in your estimation?MCDONALD: You know, I will say I was surprised that he was found guilty on all counts. And, you know, of the four main Trump trials going to trial, I thought looking back to this was the weakest one. But I think that Alvin Bragg did a good job, you know, representing the state of New York. And I think, you know, Trump's lawyers did the best that they could.But I really just think, you know, it came down to the jury. And, you know, Trump was judged by a jury of his peers. And if he wants to appeal, then he should appeal. But I think the Trump was -- I think -- I think it was fair.GALLAGHER: Bernadette, a lot of people are worried about the legal system being weaponized. You're an Independent, where do you come down on that?BERNADETTE WRIGHT, INDEPENDENT VOTER IN GEORGIA: OK, so let me say this. The legal system is only weaponized if you feel like people are being treated differently. In this particular case, I will tell you, watching that trial, I felt like Trump actually was provided more liberties than I would have ever been allowed. I would have not been able to stay out of jail for all the times he violated the court orders and everything else.That being said, I feel like they were very lean on him. I feel like they gave him every single opportunity. I feel like justice did most to do in this particular case. Do I feel like the legal system is being weaponized? Not particularly. Do I feel like maybe he's being persecuted? Yes.But here's the bottom line. If you don't do things to get attacked, you can't be attacked. So if someone says, I'm going to go after you, either they're going to make evidence or evidence exists. Unfortunately, in this case, the jury found out that evidence did exist and they decided to convict on that.GALLAGHER: What about the evidence itself, Theresa? Do you think it was fair? Do you think the fact that they took these misdemeanors, these dead misdemeanors, and they electrified them back to life?What about the evidence itself, Theresa? Do you think it was fair? Do you think the fact that they took these misdemeanors, these dead misdemeanors, and they electrified them back to life and then strapped them to three separate felonies without actually indicting him on those felonies?ALBANO: Yes. I mean, I don't think this is a fair trial. And if the whole double standard is what's getting made so mad, you know, it's just they're pounding on him and they're beating him down and cutting him down. And I don't understand why Hunter Biden gets away with these things. Hillary Clinton, it just, to me, it just gets me so angry and so excited to go vote for him in November.GALLAGHER: What would you say to that, Andrew?MCDONALD: I would say, you know, Trump was found guilty of doing all these -- of all these things. You know, he did have, you know, the 34 counts of, you know, the fraud. And I agree with one of my other panelists. I do feel like Trump was given a lot of liberties that, you know, ordinary citizens would have -- would not have done.But despite that, I'm still glad that the rule of law was still able to apply to a powerful politician and billionaire like Trump. I think this is a victory for the justice system of New York, which has, you know, so often, you know, stamped down on the underprivileged.GALLAGHER: And to you, Bernadette, I'm just curious, do you think this hurts the former president or do you think it actually helps him in the scenario if he doesn't go to jail and this does eventually get overturned on appeal if.WRIGHT: If he does not go to jail and this definitely (inaudible) absolutely help him because it's just going to bolster his claim that these charges were trumped out, that the charges were false to begin with. I believe that the people who are supporting him are going to continue to support him no matter what happens. There's nothing in our law that says that he can't be president as a convicted felon, so that's not an issue.What are we really voting for? Are we voting for the things that we really need as a country or are we voting because we're just mad, and we want to stop seeing people get persecuted and we want to stop seeing the abuses of the government, and we want to stop seeing abuses? I believe this has just become --GALLAGHER: Yes. Theresa, wrap us up with your final thoughts on this.ALBANO: You know, my final thoughts are, I agree with that panelist just said. I am, I mean, I've been a Trump supporter. I'm having a little boy any day now and I want to instill those traits in leadership and courage. And the man looked exhausted and he's still standing, and I want someone like that to lead our country.GALLAGHER: Theresa, congratulations to you, best of luck with the new baby. And, Bernadette and Andrew, thank you for your time as well.Gerry Baker on the Trump conviction and one scenario that could amplify cries of election interference next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: While former President Trump's appeal process could begin as early as July 11th and could stretch over several months, potentially years, Wall Street Journal editor at large Gerry Baker writing, "Imagine Trump loses the election by a narrow margin and then wins his appeal sometime next year. Who could argue against the claim that his bid had been derailed by a subsequently overturned, heavily politicized trial and conviction?"Gerry Baker joins me now. He is a Fox News contributor. Gerry, it's great to have you on here.GERRY BAKER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Hey, Trace.GALLAGHER: I'm kind of reading your notes here. It's interesting because you're saying when historians review this Trump verdict, they will see what in your estimation, Gerry?BAKER: Well, you know, history is always a dangerous, a very unreliable witness because it sometimes, it often depends on where the historians coming from. But look, I really do think, Trace, when a lot of people look at this. And by no means kind of hardline Republicans or hardline Trump supporters, they will really be concerned about the abuse of the system that this involves and the long term damage that this does to trust in the system.We suffer in this country, Trace, from a huge problem of trust in our institutions. People think they've become politicized, they become subjected to partisan views and interests, and being used for people's own interests. When you do this, you know, a case that even the most, again, the most passionately anti-Trump people think was a very weak case in the way that it was developed by the prosecutor, Alvin Bragg, and then presided over by the judge, this really raises really profound doubts that people have.So I think he, you know, as I write today in my Wall Street Journal column, I think here the real, you know, you can like Donald Trump or not like him, you can think he's a victim or not think he's a victim. There's no question that the bigger victim here, Trace, is the American system of justice and in the end, the American system of democracy.GALLAGHER: And the American system, period, because you talk to a lot of people, at least I do, Gerry, who will say things like, you know, you just think at when we do these stories about these banks that are giving extra focus to the accounts of conservatives who shopped it, who shopped at Dick's Sporting Goods, for crying out loud. That's when they're like, you know, it's not just Trump. It's not just Trump and we have less trust in our system overall. And this is just a symptom of a much bigger disease.BAKER: Exactly. And what's more, I think also, you know, the other thing I think is it probably backfires. I mean, I did raise that point in that column that you very kindly mentioned that what happens if Trump now is convicted? We've already seen some, you quoted that poll just a minute ago, Trace, showing that, you know, kind of plurality of people think Trump should now drop out of the race.Well, what happens if, as is quite likely, I can't predict the law, obviously better than anybody else. What happens is it's quite likely what happens if he is -- if his conviction is overturned on appeal, but after he's lost a very close election, that to me, seems to be, you know, the legitimacy of our very electoral system. And you can, again, I don't agree with what a lot Trump said about 2020.But if that happens, if Trump's campaign is adversely affected by this conviction, which is then subsequently ruled by another court to be improper, the damage that that will do to -- the whole idea, the legitimacy of our system is going to be incalculable.GALLAGHER: And here's what I don't get, maybe you can help me with this. The Ipsos poll, this is ABC-Ipsos, were the charges politically motivated? Look at this. Yes, 47 percent say yes. And then we did a poll earlier, the same ABC-Ipsos poll, Gerry, that said, was the verdict correct? And people are like, 50 percent yes. So there's clearly this overlap of people who know that it was politicized and don't care.BAKER: I think that's right. Look, I also think, to be fair, maybe some people think, as a lot of people do, as I do, the case should not have been brought. It would not have been brought against anybody who wasn't called Donald Trump. So it was politically-motivated.They could then think, look, the case should not have been brought. But when the case was then presented to a jury by, in front of that judge, especially given those judges instructions, maybe, you know, the jury just reached the right decision. So I think it is possible to believe, on the one hand, the case should never have been brought. But once it's there, a conviction perhaps was justified on the very narrow terms of the trial itself.But the larger question, Trace, exactly as you say, is I don't think anybody doubts that this was a politically-motivated act. Certainly a lot of Independents don't doubt that it was independently motivated -- politically-motivated act. And a lot of, obviously, almost all Republicans, by the way, including a lot of Republicans who have not been supporters of Donald Trump.Look at what Susan Collins of Maine said last week. Susan Collins voted to convict Donald Trump in the trial in the Senate after January 6. Even she said last week, this was not a politic -- this was not a legally-justified but a politically-motivated trial. And that shows you, again, I think how damaging this is, that when you are losing people who are actually open to the argument that maybe, you know what, maybe there should be an alternative to Donald Trump. When you're losing those people, you are really, really losing the argument.GALLAGHER: Yes. You had people out there were saying, were comparing him to Al Capone, saying, you know, they got Capone on these false documents. You're like Capone was -- I've got 10 seconds. Capone was a killer. I just don't -- yes, your final thoughts.BAKER: Yes. Look, there's no justification whatsoever. Again, even if you think Donald Trump has committed other crimes, you don't just convict him on a completely implausible, completely improbable, and really, really unjustifiable case like this.GALLAGHER: That's not our system. Gerry Baker, great to have you on. Thank you, sir.BAKER: Thank you.GALLAGHER: As President Biden readies, executive action on the border, Mexico elects its first female and first Jewish president. We'll have more on that next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: History in Mexico, the nation electing its first woman president, Claudia Sheinbaum, the former mayor of Mexico City. So, what does this mean for the US and our southern border? Senior national correspondent William La Jeunesse joins us live here on set in Los Angeles. First woman, first Jewish president.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Both things are true, right?GALLAGHER: Yes.LA JEUNESSE: One set of Jewish grandparents immigrated from Lithuania, the other from Bulgaria. So yes, it's odd in a Catholic-dominated country, less than 1 percent Jewish, it should be elected but apparently it was not a big deal to voters. Secondly, despite maybe its macho reputation, more than half of Mexico's congress are women, fourth highest rate in the world. But those who follow Mexican politics could see this coming, right?Sheinbaum is a former environmental minister, former mayor of Mexico City. She started the leftist Marina party 20 years ago with the current president, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. Sheinbaum got 60 percent of Sunday's vote mainly because she vowed to continue his social welfare policies. But in three areas important to the US, drugs, immigration and the cartels, we may see a difference.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CLAUDIA SHEINBAUM, MEXICAN PRESIDENT-ELECT (through translation): With the United States, we will have a relationship of friendship, mutual respect and equality as we have had so far.LA JEUNESSE: The number one issue for voters there, crime and corruption caused by the cartels run rampant in at least seven of Mexico's 31 states that control the flow of drugs and immigrants to the US.LORA REIS, HERITAGE FOUNDATION: What's in the best interest for both Mexico and the US is to get a manageable immigration system for both of our countries to prevent asylum fraud.(END VIDEO CLIP)LA JEUNESSE: So Mexico's other challenge is inequality in the economy. Rural areas still lack electricity and water in some areas. She hopes to address that. Finance largely by being the number one trading partner of the US.GALLAGHER: Yes. William, thank you.LA JEUNESSE: Sure.GALLAGHER: Well, America, how about that? American World War II veterans back in France for the 80th anniversary of D-Day this week, saying they are grateful to be able to make the trip and pay tribute to those who did not come home.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL WALL, WORLD WAR II VETERAN: I lost some great friends and all of those people out there on their crosses and I'm off grids, are the true heroes.RALPH GOLDSTICKER, WORLD WAR II VETERAN: We did our job and we came home, and that's it. We never talked about it for 70 years. I didn't talk about it. I got the French (inaudible).(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. Wow. Martha is on her way to Normandy, will anchor "The Story" live from there starting tomorrow as the world marks 80 years since D-Day. We are looking forward to that. That's going to be great starting tomorrow.And that is "The Story" of Monday, June 3, 2024. But as always, "The Story" goes on. I will see you back here tonight for Fox News at Night, America's late news 8:00 on the West Coast, 11:00 on the East Coast. And we hope to see you then. Right now, "Your World," thank you. Have a great afternoon.