JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Each canine dog couture, similar to what celebrities wore at the Met Gala. The furry fashionista outfits will be housed at the Museum of the Dog for the month of June. Very cute.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Fashion has really gone to the dogs. (INAUDIBLE).(CROSSTALK)HAROLD FORD J.R., FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR: I love that story this morning on news, in weather it would be great to open confidence --(CROSSTALK)PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: Yes, that is a beautiful showing.PERINO: It's amazing.All right. That's it for us, everyone. Have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hey, Dana.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You have a great night.BAIER: You have a great night.PERINO: Thank you. And we'll have a great night. Thank you.BAIER: OK. Everybody, have a great night. Thanks.PERINO: Thank you.BAIER: Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier. The Biden administration goes after Ticketmaster and Live Nation over concert ticket prices. The Senate votes on the previously scrapped bipartisan border bill. We'll bring you there.And new information about last week's arrest of the top golfer in the world -- some new video.But "BREAKING TONIGHT", we are awaiting former President Donald Trump's appearance at a rally as you see there live in the South Bronx. The former president in a New York state of mind. campaigning in the traditionally deep blue state. We will bring you there live when it happens.But first up tonight, two big stories with big questions, involving national security at two major U.S. military installations.One, an attempted breach at Quantico Marine Corps Base in Virginia. The other, a dangerous situation outside of a major special operations hub in North Carolina. They raised questions, not only about the safety and security of some of the nation's most elite warriors and their families, but also about the investigation itself into what are now several incidents there.Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin begins our exclusive coverage tonight live from the Pentagon. Good evening, Jennifer.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.Tonight, we have new information on a mysterious shooting in Carthage, North Carolina that may have national security implications. The shooting occurred May 3rd at 8:15 p.m., following a call about a suspected trespasser near a special forces soldier's property, north of Fort liberty, formerly Fort Bragg, not far from a training outpost used by our most elite special operations units.Here is what we know so far. Two Chechen men who spoke broken English were found near the soldier's home. His family alleges the suspected intruder, 35-year-old Ramzan Daraev of Chicago was taking photos of their children. When confronted near a power line in a wooded part of the property, an altercation ensued and Daraev was shot several times at close range.A second man, Dzhankutov Adsalan, was in a vehicle some distance from the incident. He was questioned by authorities and then released. The Moore County Sheriff's Office is leading the investigation. The Army's Criminal Investigation Division is also investigating.The FBI told Fox, "Our law enforcement partners at the Moore County Sheriff's Office contacted the FBI after a shooting death in Carthage. A special agent met with investigators and provided a linguist to assist with a language barrier for interviews. U.S. Special Operations soldiers around the country have experienced strange interactions in recent years that they say involve suspicious surveillance of them and their families.Many believe that U.S. military bases have become an increasing target of foreign probes.The shooting incident two weeks ago in Carthage -- in Carthage has been -- could have been a case of mistaken identity. The two Chechens had no personal identification. They did have two cell phones with Russian language contacts on them and camera equipment. They were not wearing any uniforms for the power company that reportedly employed them.Sheriff Ronnie Fields said Daraev was working as a subcontractor for Utilities One at the time of his death. Investigators are still working to verify his official employment and immigration status.Sources tell Fox that power company employment is a cover for status/ action that U.S. intelligence agents use for surveillance of foreign targets overseas.In a separate incident 18 months ago, Moore County experienced another mysterious shooting attack that targeted two electrical distribution substations. Damage from the shooting attack left up to 40,000 residential and business customers without power in North Carolina for nearly two weeks.The power outage primarily affected communities heavily populated by U.S. Special Operations families. Less than two weeks prior to the Moore County substation incident, the FBI sent a report to private industry, warning of an increase in reported threats to electric infrastructure from people who espouse racially or ethnically motivated violent extremist ideology. The FBI took over that investigation, which remains unsolved.Daraev's family, meanwhile, has launched a Change.org petition called, Justice for Ramzan Daraev, which has already received more than 11,000 signatures adding, "Ramzan left Russia, not realizing that the greatest injustice against him would be done in a free country where in theory he should have received protection."But members of the Special Operations community are asking why two Russian speaking Chechens were taking photos near an elite Army special forces residence at 8:15 p.m. on a Friday night some 10 minutes after sunset, and why the FBI is not the lead in the investigation.The FBI Tells Fox News the Bureau has not opened a counterintelligence investigation and that, "The local investigation has not uncovered evidence of a federal crime," adding, "The FBI is in regular contact with the sheriff's office investigators and are prepared to investigate if a federal matter comes to light." Bret.BAIER: More questions to be answered through this. We'll continue to ask them. Jennifer Griffin at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thank you.We're also learning new information tonight about the individuals involved in an attempted breach at the U.S. -- at another U.S. military base. It's a story we first brought you here on SPECIAL REPORT. Now, there are more questions about the few answers that have been received so far.Correspondent Griff Jenkins has details on this about what we know this evening outside Quantico. Good evening, Griff.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.It's been 20 days since two Jordanian nationals, now in ICE custody, awaiting removal proceedings attempted to breach Marine Corps Base Quantico right here you see behind me.DHS sources tell Fox News, neither have a criminal history, and no terror- related motives have come to light. But there are growing questions about who these men are, what their relationship is, and why they were trying to access the base. Officials know their identities, but will not release them setting privacy concerns.Fox has confirmed, Bret, one of the Jordanians illegally crossed the border last month in the San Diego Sector and was released with a notice to appear at a future immigration hearing.The other was an F-1 student visa overstay, both were legally present in the U.S.Now, the pair told officers, they were working for an Amazon subcontractor, but Amazon tells Fox, they have no records of them working on Amazon's behalf.Earlier today, the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee launched a probe, sending a letter to DHS, DOD, and the FBI.REP. MARK GREEN (R-TN): What was in the truck? What was their intent, those kinds of things. We'd also like to know the specific names of the individuals and how they got into the country. We want the details of where they crossed exactly, when they crossed exactly, who saw them and what procedures were either broken, or you know why they were released.JENKINS: On the Senate side, Senator Lindsey Graham of the Judiciary Committee sent a similar letter to DHS Secretary Mayorkas, demanding answers. His office tells me tonight, they have not gotten yet a response. And our repeated inquiries to DHS for statement and more information have yet to be responded too. Bret?BAIER: OK, Griff Jenkins outside Quantico. Griff, thanks.Today, the Republican National Committee sent a scathing letter to the U.S. Secret Service regarding concerns over the party's upcoming convention in Milwaukee. It says the committee is worried widespread protests could impact both convention business and attendees and about security around the convention.The concern appears to be centered on where those protesters will be allowed to set up. The letter ads, the party has also had a hard time getting a response from the Secret Service about its concerns.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION: It's the first time I have seen in a long, long time the threats from homegrown violent extremists that is jihadist inspired extremists, domestic violent extremists, foreign terrorist organizations, and state sponsored terrorist organizations, all, being elevated at one time. Since October 7th though, that threat has gone to a whole another level.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: FBI director Christopher Wray, they're talking about threats a couple of months ago up on Capitol Hill.Joining us tonight to digest this all, former CIA chief of station, Dan Hoffman. Dan, good evening.You know, these are unrelated stories as far as we can tell, but they do have a feel to them around bases. And how do you take these two different stories that we presented tonight?DANIEL HOFFMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. These are highly suspicious incidents here. And what we've got is what appears to be, at least, foreign nationals highly focused on U.S. military installations, Quantico and Fort Liberty.And the fact that the Chechens and the Jordanians were where they were conducting what it looks to me at least like reconnaissance, before maybe an attack would have been planned.I think that's got to be of grave concern. I'm very surprised that the FBI hasn't taken over the investigation of the Chechens. They need to be there. They need to be interrogating these Chechens directly themselves.We need FBI counterintelligence experts to determine whether there's a network supporting these Chechens, and background when they arrived in the United States. They don't even speak very good English. So, we need Russian-speaking FBI special agents on the ground doing their job.BAIER: We were puzzled by that too. And we went to the FBI numerous times. And those investigations continue on the local level down there. Meantime, on the Quantico, it has bubbled up. If you look at the headlines, "Virginia governor demands answers after immigrants and Box Truck branch Quantico." A "military hid attempt Quantico base breach by Jordanians, two weeks -- for two weeks." "Congress investigates, Jordanians caught trying to sneak on the military base."You know, these things and this environment take on a different level of importance.HOFFMAN: They do. And regarding the Jordanians, I have no doubt that the FBI and the CIA are involved, because we'll be working with our Jordanian counterparts overseas, and running these names, through their vetting to determine whether they have any nefarious background.But what I would emphasize is, look, we're in incident response right now, which is not where you want to be. We want to try to detect threats weigh out before they materialize, so, we can preempt them before any harm is caused.And we've got a porous border, and these sorts of individuals are making their way across our border, and then, infiltrating our sensitive military sites. We're playing defense where we shouldn't be. And that's the challenge that our state, local, and federal law enforcement face.BAIER: And really quickly down at the Fort Liberty, you wouldn't be surprised to know that the thought among the community they're some of our most elite forces is they do this for a living. They see this kind of thing, and they believe they know what it is.HOFFMAN: Yes, this is what they do. They know what pre-attack phase looks like. And two Chechens who don't speak English around the military base, that sure does look extremely suspicious to me.And again, my concern would be that they were not operating alone, that they're part of a wider network that funds them and provides additional resources. And we need to uncover that if it exists.BAIER: Dan Hoffman, as always. Thank you. President Biden is hosting the leader of Kenya today at the White House. They held a joint news conference earlier and will attend a state dinner tonight. White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has details tonight live from the North Lawn.Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.Against the backdrop of Niger, asking U.S. troops to withdraw and souring U.S. relations with Ethiopia in South Africa. Kenya is being looked at as the next Democratic stronghold to advance U.S. interests with a new military partnership, and also an economic partnership, the first African country to receive CHIPS Act funding.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm proud to announce we're working with Congress to designate Kenya, a major non-NATO ally.HEINRICH (voice over): The news and not so subtle effort to counter Russia and China's influence on the mineral rich, politically unstable African continent, Kenya, a U.S. partner combating terrorism is a leading tech market drawing 90 percent of its power from renewable energy, primed for U.S. private investment and security goals like diversifying supply chains away from China. Biden's pitch democracy delivers.WILLIAM RUTO, PRESIDENT OF KENYA: I am confident that our engagements have laid a solid foundation for us to continue the --HEINRICH (voice over): Biden's where a press conference delivered little domestic news again stating his opposition to ICC charges against Israeli leaders for war crimes in Gaza.BIDEN: We don't features an equivalent speech in what Israel did and Hamas did.HEINRICH (voice over): Ironically, the ICC's chief prosecutor was Kenyan President Ruto's lawyer a decade ago, defending him before the ICC for allegedly orchestrating violence after his own election. The U.S. supported Ruto's prosecution, but the case later fell apart.And today, he shared a platform with the American president, who dodged questions on the border.BIDEN: (INAUDIBLE).HEINRICH (voice over): Before blaming the GOP for tanking a border bill that failed once before, and today, voted on again with zero changes, didn't even garner support of all the Democrats.HEINRICH: How can this be seen as anything other than a cynical attempt to try to show Americans that Democrats care about the border?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I don't understand how that would be cynical when sounds like Senator Schumer is trying to do his job and move forward a piece of legislation that had bipartisan support.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): Biden said in his statement, congressional Republicans do not care about securing the border or fixing America's broken immigration system. And added that doing nothing is not an option. But there is no indication he will use his own executive authority to that very end, Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich, live on the North Lawn. Jacqui, thank you.Stocks tumbled on inflation worries today. The Dow dropped 606 The S&P 500 was off 39. The NASDAQ fell 66.Well, sometimes it can get dangerous in the business of covering politics. Today, our Fox Capitol Hill crew had to fight off an umbrella being used by a congressional staffer to obstruct an attempted interview.Quite something, you don't see every day. Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram shows us tonight. Umbrella gate already. Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. Progressives oppose a possible invitation for Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu to address a joint meeting of Congress. A sunny day in D.C. But an aide walking with Squad member Rashida Tlaib deployed an umbrella to block the sunlight of questions.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM: What happens if Netanyahu comes to speak? Ms. Tlaib, what happens if Netanyahu comes to speak? Is that a mistake by the speaker to extend this request? What do you think of the Democratic leaders agree to that request as well? Would you attend? Would you protest in any form?REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): I don't know. Inviting a war criminal to Congress is a sham. It's shameful.PERGRAM: Say that again, because we got blocked there, say that again please.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He hit me with an umbrella.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I did not hit you with an umbrella.PERGRAM: We have it on video, guys.PERGRAM (voice over): But other Squad members were more willing to express their reservations about a possible speech.REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): One of the most disturbing things I think Congress can do is to have Netanyahu to come.PERGRAM: What does it say if Democratic leaders agreed with the speaker's request? You know, Senator Schumer is talking about this, Hakeem Jeffries also. Does that speak poorly of them if they agree to this?OMAR: I don't think any leader should allow this to happen.PERGRAM (voice over): However, the House's top Democrat says the party's divisions are overstated.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): The Republicans have repeatedly tried to make Israel a partisan political issue. It's nothing but puppies and rainbows on the House Democratic Caucus side.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Now, House Speaker Mike Johnson is still trying to work out an invitation for Netanyahu with Democrats, Bret.BAIER: Chad, the House voted today to block Washington D.C. from allowing non-citizens from voting?PERGRAM: Well, Congress serves as a Super City Council, it can override D.C.'s local laws. And here's the vote, 262 to 143, 52 Democrats voted with the GOP. Republicans accused Democrats of trying to let people vote who are not allowed.Now, the House also prepped a bill today, it mandates that people show I.D. to vote in federal elections, Bret.BAIER: So, just to be clear, 143 Democrats voted to allow illegal immigrants or non-citizens to vote in D.C.?PERGRAM: That right, it is in fact about the math.BAIER: All right. thanks, Chad.Up next, why the Biden administration is going after Ticketmaster.And you're looking live at former President Trump's upcoming rally in the South Bronx, we'll take you there when it starts.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Looking live in South Bronx. The former president's rally there. YMCA is usually the entree to the former president. We'll watch that as some dignitaries arriving as the motorcade has pulled up. We'll take you there when it starts.The Justice Department meantime is going after Ticketmaster and its parent company accusing them of running an illegal monopoly over live events in the U.S.Fox Business Correspondent Grady Trimble has specifics. Good evening, Grady.GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The Justice Department wants to break up Live Nation and Ticketmaster. The DOJ along with 30 state attorneys general filed an antitrust lawsuit against both companies today. It claims fans pay higher prices because of their control over ticketing for live events, ownership of concert venues and management of hundreds of artists.Attorney General Merrick Garland says the companies have threatened and retaliated against venues that work with rival promoters and ticketers, and they've locked performers into exclusive agreements.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MERRICK GARLAND, U.S. ATTORNEY GENERAL: The result is that fans pay more in fees. Artists have fewer opportunities to play concerts. Smaller promoters get squeezed out, and venues have fewer real choices for ticketing services.TRIMBLE (voice over): In response, the companies getting sued say it's absurd to claim that Live Nation and Ticketmaster are wielding monopoly power. This lawsuit they say won't reduce ticket prices or service fees. They add that Ticketmaster's market share has declined since 2010.But there's been bad blood between ticket master and concert goers for years. During the first days of sales for Taylor Swift Eras tour two years ago, the website crashed. Fans were so outraged, it led to a congressional hearing.(END VIDEOTAPE)TRIMBLE (on camera): By the way, Bret, Live Nation stock fell more than 7- 3/4 percent in trading today.BAIER: I see what you did there with bad blood. That was good stuff.TRIMBLE: I could have gone with a lot more, out of the woods.BAIER: You got a lot more? I mean, it's good. It's really good.I want to turn to another story. It was a bad day for Boeing stock today too. What happened again today?TRIMBLE: It was, they were drag on the Dow today. Shares were down more than 7.5 percent and what's happening is Boeing is bleeding more cash than it initially expected it would. Burned through almost $4 billion in the first quarter of the year.The plane maker says it's on track to take a similar or worse hit this quarter. The company is dealing with supply chain challenges and it's also had to slow down production, trying to root out safety and quality problems after a string of incidents this year.You remember that door plug blowout in January and this week, the FAA says about 300 777 planes in the U.S. had an electrical problem in their fuel tanks and more trouble for Boeing.BAIER: Yes, definitely. Grady, as always, thank you.The U.S. Supreme Court has preserved a South Carolina voting map that will likely keep Republicans in control of a key congressional district there. The court's 6-3 conservative majority rejected claims. The voting boundaries for the seat held by Republican Nancy Mace discriminate against black voters.GOP state legislators say they properly applied partisan politics, not race, when redrawing the growing district around Charleston.Meantime, the Federal Communications Commission has issued a $6 million fine against a democratic political consultant who sent artificial intelligence generated robocalls, mimicking President Biden's voice to voters ahead of New Hampshire's presidential primary.Steve Kramer has admitted orchestrating a message that used a voice similar to the president's falsely suggesting that voting in the primary would preclude voters from casting a ballot in November.Kramer is facing 13 felony charges and 11 misdemeanor charges.We're going to take you back live to the South Bronx. And I think the former president is stepping on stage here. As you see all of the -- this is a common picture with all of these iPhones taking the video as the former president takes the stage.Again, this is in the Bronx, in New York. Deeply blue traditionally, in fact, the president lost it by about 70 points the last election, but he's got a decent crowd there. We don't have official numbers yet. And he is getting ready to deliver a speech that he says he wants to make New York a possibility for November and possibly make this a case, even though he's spending most of his time in New York inside a courtroom. As you know, the closing arguments are supposed to go start at Tuesday, and the jury could get the case by the middle of next week.Let's listen in to former President Donald Trump as he takes the stage here in the South Bronx.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, hello, everybody. Thank you very much. This is some turnout. This is some turnout.And I want to thank New York's finest, they just brought a lot of additions here, we have people, thousands of people outside, they can't even get in, but they'll get it eventually. We appreciate it. New York's finest.Hello, New York City and hello to all of the incredible, tough, strong, hardworking American patriots right here in the Bronx.Who would think -- who would think I'm thrilled to be back in this city? I grew up in the city, I spent my life in this city I helped build and the city that we all love, New York City.And I'm here tonight to declare that we are going to turn New York City around and we are going to turn it around very, very quickly.We're going to bring safety back to our streets, we're going to bring success back to our schools. We're going to bring prosperity back to every neighborhood in every barrel of the greatest city in our land. We're going to reduce taxes, we're going to bring businesses and big taxpayers back to New York. Got to bring them back. Got to bring them back.And we're going to make New York bigger, better and more beautiful than ever before. And that includes right here in the Bronx, and it's going to be done and funded starting on January 20th directly from our great and beautiful White House. Is that OK?From my whole life, I always thought that this city is a monumental testament to the power of the American spirit and the American dream. When New York started as a small rugged Dutch trading post near the tip of Manhattan in 1624, what you see around you is nothing more than wilderness and marsh.But by the muscle and backbone and genius of the people of New York, we built this city into the towering forest of iron, aluminum, concrete and steel. We made this city and state into the capital of global commerce. We turned our hometown into the bustling center of a confident, glamorous American culture. And we inspired the entire world. We inspired the world.No matter where you went on this planet, everyone knew that when you said I'm a New Yorker, it meant you had smarts, you had grit, you had energy. And above all else, you had heart. Big, big, beautiful heart.Everybody wanted to be here, and New York was where you came to make it big. You want to make it big, you had to be in New York. But sadly, this is now a city in decline.(BOOS)TRUMP: All my life I've seen New York through good times and bad, through boom times and crime waves, through market crashes and terrorist attacks, but I've never seen it quite like this. We have filthy encampments of drugged out homeless people living in our places that we've spent so much time with children, where they used to play. We have lunatics killing innocent bystanders by pushing them --It's a sad thing. It's a sad thing. Don't worry. It gets positive. Don't worry. It gets so positive.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Remember, we're going to win. We're all winners. We're going to win so big we're going to make it bigger and better than ever before. Remember that.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: So don't worry. By the time the other 6,000 or 7,000 people get in, it will be very positive. Our subways are squalid and unsafe. The ceiling tiles are falling down, and they look worse than a third world country. The medians of our highways are crumbling, our sidewalks are littered with garbage, bottles and trash, but worst of all the discarded needles of people that so desperately are in need of help. And we have mobs of migrants fighting our police officers and giving America the middle finger.(BOOS)TRUMP: But we are not going to let this continue. We are not going to abandon our hope and our pride. This city has given us so much, and now it is time that we are going to give it back. Together we are going to make New York City great again, and simultaneously we are going to make America great again.(APPLAUSE)CROWD: USA! USA! USA!We love Trump! We love Trump! We love Trump!TRUMP: Thank you. I have come tonight to talk about solving problems. The simple fact is Joe Biden is not getting the job done for the Bronx.(BOOS)TRUMP: He's not getting the job done for New York. And he's not getting the job done for America. He is incompetent, ladies and gentlemen. He is grossly incompetent. I will get the job done as I did for four years, and I will get it done fast.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And remember this, if a New Yorker can't save this country, no one can. No one can.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Get me the, get me the snake, please. The snake.CROWD: Trump! Trump! Trump!TRUMP: Thank you everybody. What a crowd. This is something.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: You know, we wanted to keep it small because, who knew? This is like a lovefest. Lovefest. It's a lovefest.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: We love you. Thank you, darling. Thank you. Wow.CROWD: We want Trump! We want Trump! We want Trump!(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Who said we're not going to win New York? We're going to win New York so big.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: You know, if we win New York, we win the whole thing. Wouldn't it be nice? Wouldn't it be nice? We'd take back our country, and we'll do a job like nobody's ever done before. And what we did for four years was incredible, but we also learned a lot. We're going to get in there very fast with the right people, great people, people that are tested and true.Years ago, there was an ice-skating rink, the Wollman Rink in the middle of Central Park. You know that story. That had been under construction for more than 10 years. They couldn't get it open. It was a renovation. They couldn't get it done. Mayor Koch was at his wit's end. They just couldn't get it finished. They couldn't get it built. They couldn't get it open. People wanted to skate before their children turned old. Almost $20 million was spent over a long period of time. It was an embarrassment to this city. Every day they would be laying the copper pipe, and every night that same pipe would be stolen. And then they'd start all over again the next day, and it would be stolen. This went on weeks and weeks and months and months.They poured the concrete in small patches in wrong directions, and at different heights. And they took their advice from a refrigerator company from Miami, where it's 95 degrees out. It was a total mess. They just didn't know what they were doing.And I saw this, and I wanted my children to be able to ice-skate before they didn't care about ice-skating. I looked down on the rink, and I said, what is going on? Years and years. So I volunteered, and I took over the project, and did a good job.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And when I took it over I said that, if it costs more than $2 million, I would pay for it, the entire amount. But it cost far less. The first thing I did was call the Montreal Canadiens hockey team in Canada, right? Isn't that better than a refrigerator company from Miami? They didn't know what we were talking about. But the Montreal Canadiens knew, and they were really nice. I'll never forget how nice they were. And they told me you don't want to use copper tubing and gas because the gas is very delicate and it leaks. It's very fragile. It just doesn't work. You want to use rubber hose. I said I like that, that's a lot cheaper.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: Water and salt. The salt makes it so the water doesn't freeze. It's called brine, and you're going to put that under the concrete, you're going to pour the concrete over the top. It's going to be great. It's going to work, not going to leak. It's cheaper, faster, and it works all the time. And when we opened, there were no leaks, there were no problems whatsoever. Anyway, I started the project, laid the rubber hose, mixed the water and the salt beautifully together. I was down there when they were doing it. I said you've got to do it right. And covered the entire rink with concrete in four -- literally, you had to see this scene. Concrete trucks operated by the teamsters. Do we have any teamsters here?(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: You've to make sure that O'Brien, he's a good man. He endorses Trump. I think he's going to, actually. But the teamsters stretched all the way, you had trucks stretching all the way from the Wollman Rink, which was, let's say, at 60th Street all the way back to Harlem, one continuous pour. It was a day-and-a-half of pouring concrete, one contiguous, a giant surface. As you know, the rink was completed in just three months for far less than the $2 million projected. The biggest expense was actually the demolition, that is the demolishing of everything that was built so incorrectly, so badly over a 10 year period. The biggest cost was demolition, taking it all down and starting it all over.We opened with a ceremony with all Olympic Gold Medal winners including the great Peggy Fleming, Dorothy Hamill, Scott Hamilton, and all the others. Every one of them was there. It was a beautiful night, beautiful weather. I'll never forget the evening, it was one of the beautiful. My parents were there. Now they're looking down on us. They say, wow, that's my son. Can you imagine? That's my son.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Can you imagine, he's being tried in a court with a crooked judge? Can you believe this?(BOOS)TRUMP: Can you believe it? And highly conflicted judge at that.But everybody was there, and it was really something to behold. It was an incredible experience, and one of the great experiences of my life in New York. We opened it. It's been successful and successful ever since. What a great, great experience. It was beautiful. And a lot of it is common sense. I'd like to say the Republican Party is the party of common sense. You don't go to Miami when you want to make ice. You go to Canada when you want to make ice, right?Or you can go right down the road in the Bronx to Ferry Point, right? Everybody know about Ferry Point? It was another disaster, a development where the city had spent over 29 years, almost $300 million trying to develop it into a luxury golf resort, resort, anything, they'll take anything. They were spending money, you know, trucks were going here, dumping, getting filled up, moving it here, dumping, getting filled up with the same stuff. This went on for years, back and forth, the same stuff. They were featherbedding. They were doing lots of bad things.But really, they didn't know how to get it done. They had no idea how much money they were spending. And when asked how much they spent, they said, we just don't know. This had been going on for years, decades. They were unable to do it. And at the time the Mayor, Michael Bloomberg, said --(BOOS)TRUMP: No, it's all right. It's OK. No, Michael Bloomberg was the mayor, and he called me, and he said I have to get this done before I finish my term. It was very important to him. He was embarrassed by it, everybody was embarrassed. Went through -- went through Mayor Koch, it went through a lot of different mayors. Almost 30 years, remember that. And he said, in all fairness, he said I want to get this done and you're the one that can do it, you're the only one that can do it. And I said and I will do it, I will get it done. And we got it done before he finished his term, which was great.But there were no other bidders to my knowledge, and I took over the project spending only my money to build it. And I called all the contractors together. These were tough people. These were tough, hard people. Many of you were probably contractors on that site. And I said, look, fellas, you guys have made a fortune on this thing for years and years against the city. It's time we get together and build it. Let's get it built. Let's do it right, and let's get the hell out of here. We owe it to the city.And they worked so hard, the roughest toughest contractors in New York. They had spirit like you've never seen before. And it was magnificently designed by the great Jack Nicklaus who told me, I don't want to make any more money, they paid me enough. They all got -- everybody got paid a fortune. Jack said, I don't want money, I just want to see it get built for the people of New York. And that's what we did. But everybody, just like Jack, they said very similar things. These guys were rough and tough and they made a lot of money, but you'd think they'd want to make more. But they didn't. They just wanted to get it built.And in just a little more than a year, so this was going on for 30 years including, think of it, just a magnificent thing to watch. You had to watch these people work, and just the opposite of what took place for the first 29 years. But we had a magnificent, world-class golf course that many of you have played now. And it's rated as one of the best public courses in the country. And then, a short while later, we built a beautiful clubhouse, one of the prettiest I've seen, built it, completed, the project was absolutely beautiful. It opened to great fanfare and great success. And you want to hear the end result though? Should I?CROWD: Yes!TRUMP: Should I go off teleprompter and tell you the end result?CROWD: Yes!(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Do you think Biden goes off teleprompter? I don't think so. He's no good on teleprompter.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: No, but, OK, so I did this beautiful job. And then we had a dispute over January 6th. We had a dispute. And they said, January 6th, we want to terminate his agreement with the city. I had a long-term agreement with the city. And they sent me a notice of termination. I said, wait a minute. I just spent $20 million, $25 million building it, built this magnificent clubhouse, it's in full operation. It took you 29 years. You were spending hundreds of millions of dollars, you couldn't get it done. And the neighborhood came to court totally for me. The Bronx neighborhood. It's in the Bronx, it's on the east river in the Bronx. And we went to court. The city sued to break my agreement that they had just made, and I had done such a great job for them.And it was accolades everywhere, "Golf" magazine, all of the big magazines were saying what a great job. They terminated my agreement. And I went to court. And I will tell you, I had a very good experience. We had a Supreme Court justice named Debra James, and I have to give her credit. I didn't know her, never met her. Debra James, an African American woman who came to my defense. We explained it, and the city explained it. They said we want to terminate it. They had no reason. And we said what we just said. And she looked at them and she said, in effect, how dare you? This man came in, he put up his own money, he did an incredible job, you were building it for 29 years. How dare you ask for this to be terminated. How unfair is that? Debra James, a great Supreme Court justice. That's all I can tell you. And we won the case.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: But it's not easy doing business in New York, I'll tell you. Not easy. So I just appreciated that. I had to tell that story.And, as you know, then I renovated Grand Central Terminal. I built the Grand Hyatt Hotel on 42nd and Park Avenue. And as part of that, I renovated the beautiful Grand Central Terminal, did a really good job of that. And then I was very much responsible for the construction of the Jacob Javits Convention Center where Hillary Clinton was going to have her big evening.(BOOS)TRUMP: That was not good. Remember? We had the glass ceiling, you know, we built glass ceiling. She said we're going to break the glass ceilings. Didn't work out.CROWD: Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up!TRUMP: I'll tell you the a little secret that I don't think I've ever -- I hated the concept. I said we have to get on with our country. We have to win against Russia. We have to win against China, North Korea, all the different countries we're at loggerheads with. But as long as you have a smart president, you're going to win those battles. We were winning all those battles. Even with the fake Russia, Russia, Russia scam, which made it harder. But you hated that. And then you see what they want to do to us, to me, to us. And they come along, and they don't mind, because Joe Biden is the worst president in the history of our country, has no sense. Doesn't know what he's doing. Grossly incompetent, and our country's going to hell. But we're going to turn it around, and we're going to turn it around fast.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Because above all else, and I say this, and I believe this on New York, because you are different. You do know that.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: You know that when I called for this rally, we said, let's just have a meeting, don't call it a rally. And so many people showed up, I said, like it or not, this is a rally. This is --(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: As far as the eye can see. You have to see the lines outside. They're going for miles.But when we saw it and we saw the love, because I called up this morning, do the people like me or do they hate me? They said, they don't like you, sir, they love you. Thank you.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: So I appreciate it. And I love you, too. But above all else -CROWD: We love Trump! We love Trump! We love Trump!TRUMP: Boy, look at all the cameras back there. That's amazing.(BOOS)TRUMP: That's the fake news.(BOOS)TRUMP: You know they'll say tonight, Donald Trump spoke to a very small crowd of people in the Bronx. It was a very hostile crowd, very hostile. They hated him very much. No. No. Sometimes they're OK.You know, I agreed to do a debate with crooked Joe Biden on CNN with "Fake" Tapper. And I think they'll be fair. Does anybody think they'll be fair?CROWD: No!TRUMP: That's all right. When they said, here's your story, you can have a debate on CNN with "Fake" Tapper as the primary host, and I said, I'll do it, because you know what they thought is they'd say CNN, and they'd say various people on the show, various anchors headed up by "Fake" Tapper, and they thought it was going to reject. I don't want to do it. Then Joe Biden would say, I offered to debate but he wouldn't do it. So they said, we want to have a debate. I'll take it. But we haven't even told you what the debate is all about.Then they said today, they said we'd like to set up tables, so you sit down. I said I don't want to sit down for a debate. Let's go. At some point -- so we're not sitting down. We're going to be standing up for the debate.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And here's what you know. If crooked Joe Biden makes it through the debate, which I think he will, they're going to say it was one of the great debate performances in history. One of the greatest debate performances. But there they are.And we're on every network tonight. I don't know what's going on.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: We're on FOX. We're on all of them. So have a lot of fun, but we're on all of them. So they understood, they understood before anyone how big this would be. And you've got to see what's back there coming in.CROWD: Four more year! Four more year! Four more year!TRUMP: But above all, New Yorkers have something called common sense, and we do have common sense. And old fashioned American common sense is exactly what I intend to bring back to the White House just like we had for four years. We had four of the greatest years in the history of our country. We rebuilt the military, we cut taxes. The biggest tax cut in history, the biggest regulation cut in history. We defeated ISIS. We defeated ISIS, and we did it in about one-one-hundredth the time. They said it would take four to five years. It took me like two months, right? Because we have an incredible military, and we're not allowed to show.They had Afghanistan. The worst pullout, the most embarrassing day in the history of our country. It's probably the reason, a piece of it, why Russia went into Ukraine. They said these people are incompetent. We'll go in. So Russia going into Ukraine would have never happened. None of this stuff that you see would have happened. Israel would have never happened, the attack on October 7th. And you wouldn't have had inflation.As soon as I get back into the Oval Office, I am going to pick up the phone, and I'm going to call your mayor and your governor and I'm going to say, this is President Trump, and I want to come back and help. Look, you have a Democrat governor, you have a Democrat mayor, and we are going to work with them, and we're going to get this state and this city at a level that it's never -- it's never seen before frankly. I think we can do that, too. We're going to be helping them a lot, much more than anybody would expect.It doesn't matter where they're Democrats or Republicans, because this is about our city and our country and it's really about the people. And in this case, the people of New York City, New York state, we're going to make you very, very happy. And Biden can't do it. He doesn't know he's alive.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: See all the stairs here, stair, stair, two of them behind me, one in the middle. When he's finished with his two-and-a-half minute -- do you ever watch his speech? They last for about a minute-and-a-half. When he's finished with his speech, he can never find the stairs.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: He can never find the stairs. And when he does, it's not a pretty picture either. Thank goodness for Secret Service. They come up and they guide him off.No, this is not what we need. When you see President Xi of China, when you see Kim Jong-un of North Korea, when you see Putin and you see all of these people, they're at the top of their game whether you like it or not. And they can't believe that this has happened to the United States. We have lost respect all over the world.We were the most respected country in the world four years ago. We were respected more than our country was ever respected four years ago. And now we're being laughed at. We're like a joke. And that's not going to happen. That's not going to happen.We're going to do whatever it takes to fix our roads, bridges, and highways. We're going to take back our parks, not just for children, but for everybody. We're going to renovate New York's subway system so it no longer looks like --(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: -- it hasn't been cleaned since 1932, but rather it will be the most beautiful transit system anywhere in the world.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: I don't know if you know it. It's by far the biggest infrastructure, subway infrastructure in the world, and we're going to make it by far the biggest, and now we're going to make it by far the best. We're going to make it beautiful again.And a lot of it is topical. You know, the expensive work, people don't understand because they're not in construction. It's topical work. It's topical. It's built. The expensive, the hard, the labor, the money, the big stuff is done. We're going to make it beautiful. We're going to make it good.And, most importantly, we're going to let New York's finest do its job the transit cops do their job. We're going to make it safe, most importantly.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: And importantly for the people that are before me today, we are going to make life in New York affordable again. It's gotten totally out of control.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: The minute crooked Joe Biden shuffles out the door, I will rapidly rebuild the greatest economy in the history of the world. Look, we had the greatest economy in history. Everybody here, whether you have a small business or you had a job, you were getting more than you ever made. And we had no inflation. We had no -- 1.4 percent. Considered none. Considered better than none because, frankly, none in its own way is a bad thing also. We had a perfect number, 1.4 percent. It doesn't matter whether you're black or brown or white or whatever the hell color you are, it doesn't matter. We are all Americans, and we're going to pull together as Americans.(APPLAUSE)CROWD: USA! USA! USA!TRUMP: We all want better opportunity. I'm not just going to promise it, I'm going to deliver it, as I did just a short while ago. Think of it. You know, when I went down to Washington, I was only there 17 times, I never stayed over, I didn't know that society. And we had great people. Look at what we did with economic development, with the rebuilding of our military, with the tax cuts. We had great people.But we also had some people that I wouldn't have used if I had my choice. Now I know everybody. I know the smart ones, I know the dumb ones, I know the killers, I know the weak ones. I know them all. And you're going to see.But everyone was better off, we had the greatest economy in history. Everybody was better off under a man named President Donald J. Trump. Have you ever heard of him? Have you heard of him?(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: We had gasoline down to $1.87 a gallon, and actually times when it was much lower than that. We had a record-low poverty rate for black Americans and Hispanic Americans. We had the lowest -- we had the best poverty rate in terms of the positive number ever in our history for black Americans and Hispanic Americans. We lifted 6.6 million people out of poverty. Nothing like that has ever happened in our country. And the real middle class income rose over $6,000 a year. Think of that.Under Biden it's a disaster. Real middle class income has fallen over $2,000 a year. That's a lot. That's a difference of $8,000 real earnings for African Americans are down 5.6 percent. African Americans are getting slaughtered. Hispanic Americans are getting slaughtered. And these millions and millions of people that are coming into our country, the biggest impact and the biggest negative impact is against our black population and our Hispanic population, who are losing their jobs, losing their housing, losing everything they can lose. They're the ones affected most by what's happening, not only the fact that you've lost the use of your schools, your parks, and your hospitals, Joe Biden's inflation -CROWD: Build the wall! Build the wall! Build the wall!BAIER: Former President Trump, big rally in south Bronx as you see ticking off not only all he's done in New York but all he did as president. The 45th president of the United States. Again, this in the Bronx, in New York. We talked to some folks in the Bronx about this visit a little bit earlier.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is an opportunity. I've never heard of a Republican going to the Bronx. Democrats have been dropping the ball.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It was better under Donald Trump. I can tell you that the Bronx has been through many changes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People are going to have some love and hate. Some people do love him, but we prefer him as better than Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All my life I've been a Democrat. I think that they think that they own us. And Donald Trump is giving the most opportunity.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All right, so the rally's continuing, streaming online on FOX News. You'll see it at the top of the seven.We want to bring in our panel really quickly, FOX News media analyst, host of FOX's "MEDIA BUZZ," Howard Kurtz, "Washington Post" columnist Marc Thiessen, and "USA Today" White House correspondent Francesca Chambers. Marc, your thoughts on what he's saying, how he's saying it, the fact he's here period?MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: This is so incredibly smart what he's doing. First of all, could Joe Biden pull that crowd in the south Bronx right now? I doubt it. Second of all, he's doing what he has to do to win. To win, Donald Trump can't simply depend on his base. He has to not feed his base, expand his base. He has to reach out to disaffected Biden voters, and that's what he's doing.And third, he's going after Biden's vulnerability with black and Hispanic voters. You just heard him talking about how black and Hispanic voters are getting slaughtered in this economy. Joe Biden is really worried about black and Hispanic voters. You saw that with his speech to the NAACP, Morehouse College. Trump is going after those voters right now, and he's on the offense.BAIER: Francesca, the Bronx results from 2020, in New York Biden won 60-37. In the Bronx it was 83.4 to 15.9. You don't feel that in this crowd.FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, "USA TODAY": And so if you look at recent polling, by the way, Biden is ahead in New York by nine percentage points. Last time a Republican won the state of New York was Ronald Reagan, so at one point Trump said, if I win New York, I'll win the whole entire thing. That is probably true.(LAUGHTER)CHAMBERS: That's probably true. But to the point that you were making about some of the points that he's hitting there, he mentioned that Biden, he thought was incompetent, shuffling up the stairs, things like that.BAIER: Howie, swing state polls, he's still holding leads, but what about this move?HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS HOST: Very smart move to go to the south Bronx, that symbol of urban decay. He's not going to win the Bronx, he's not going to win New York City, he's not going to win New York state. But he sends a message to minority voters that he cares about their problems. He's an outer borough guy. He gets it. And now everybody is going to be talking about, should he have gone, shouldn't have gone. Liberals are criticizing it. That's how he drives the news cycle by making him the center of attention.BAIER: All right, panel we squeezed you in there. Live rally still happening. We'll bring it to you live here on FOX.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is next. We'll take you back to the rally as we head out.