JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Happy Easter, everyone. Welcome to "Sunday Morning Futures." I'm Jason Chaffetz, in for Maria Bartiromo.Today: putting pressure on President Biden to stop his border crisis and holding accountable the man Biden appointed to enforce his policies. More Republican states like Iowa, Indiana, and Nebraska are sending National Guard soldiers and state police officers to Texas, while House Speaker Mike Johnson meets with the Texas governor, Greg Abbott, about passing border security legislation.Speaker Johnson also promises to send impeachment articles against Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas to the Senate next week.We will talk about all of this and more with Senator Marsha Blackburn, who just visited the border at Eagle Pass, Texas.Then: Is our military ready for our top adversaries around the world? Former National Security Adviser Robert O'Brien has a peace-through- strength plan, and he's here to talk about it.Then: President Biden says he will visit Baltimore later this week to witness the cleanup after the deadly collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge, the president wasting no time saying the federal government will pay the bill to rebuild.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's my intention that federal government will pay for the entire cost of reconstructing that bridge, and I expect the Congress to support my effort.QUESTION: You said the federal government's also going to pay for the repairs. I'm just curious. This was a ship that appears to be at fault. Is there any reason to believe that the company behind the ship should be held responsible?And then also...BIDEN: That could be, but we're not going to wait for that happen. We're going to pay for it to get the bridge rebuilt and open.(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: Once again, President Biden wants to spend the money now and ask questions later. When we should ask, why didn't his $1.2 trillion dollar infrastructure bill cover this? And when will Washington set up an emergency fund for disasters like these in the future?We will discuss with House Energy and Commerce Committee member Congressman Buddy Carter.And the House Oversight Committee is giving President Biden a chance of Biden a chance to defend his claims about Hunter and his family's business dealings, while the White House laughs off some serious allegations. Breitbart's Emma-Jo Morris is here on where that impeachment inquiry goes next.It's all right here right now on "Sunday Morning Futures."But we begin with Biden's border crisis. Former President Donald Trump says he will focus on the crisis during a campaign stop on Tuesday in Michigan, meantime, Politico recently pointing out that -- quote -- "Biden was planning executive action the border. Now he's gone silent."Senator Marsha Blackburn visited Eagle Pass, Texas, just a few days ago, and she joins us now.Senator, happy Easter. Thanks so much for joining us.SEN. MARSHA BLACKBURN (R-TN): Happy Easter.CHAFFETZ: There's nothing like being on the ground, talking to the Border Patrol, seeing what's going on there. What did you leave with? What was your impression and what did you see?BLACKBURN: Yes, Jason, and happy Easter to you also.And when I was in Texas, I was with the Texas DPS. Also, Brandon Judd, head of the union, Border Patrol union, met me down there. And in Eagle Pass, a year ago, when I was there, they were processing people, having people come by the thousands every day.And now, because they put buoys in the river, containers at the water's edge, fencing and razor wire, they're down to about a dozen people a day. And they're very supportive of my CONTAINER Act, which gives state and local governments the authority to defend themselves when the federal government does not, and to put up these temporary barriers.And I think it's so instructive. I'm glad Speaker Johnson met with Governor Abbott this week, because Texas is spending billions of dollars. The counties on the border down there are spending millions of dollars, and local ranchers and farmers that I met with are spending tens of thousands of dollars to protect their private property from being overrun by people illegally entering the country.CHAFFETZ: Yes, people literally come by the millions.Now, President Obrador of Mexico has said, hey, United States, give us $20 billion a year and we will help curb the flow. That -- are you as offended by that as I am, that, oh, for $20 billion, we will...BLACKBURN: Yes.CHAFFETZ: ... help do the job that the United States should be doing? I don't understand it.BLACKBURN: Yes.And when you look at Obrador and his aggressiveness in his comments to President Biden, we know for a fact he would never have conducted himself that way with President Donald Trump. And we know that basically he is threatening the U.S. and saying, hey, send us the money or the migrants are going to keep coming.Now, what we do know is that Joe Biden is out here trying to sue the state of Texas for putting up barriers, and Donald Trump would be sending reinforcements. And, as you said in your opening, you have got National Guards from six different states that are in Texas right now helping Texas to defend themselves from these illegal aliens who are crossing into the state, and thereby moving into the country.And, Jason, I want to tell you something. This is the number one issue with the American people. Doesn't matter where I go. And every Tennessean I talk to, the border being open is issue number one. People see it. They see it in the drugs coming to their communities, into the human trafficking, the sex trafficking, the labor gangs.Every town's a border state -- a border town, every state a border state because of Joe Biden's open border policy. And when Obrador makes statements like this of, hey, give us the money or the migrants are going to come, Joe Biden should stand up and defend this country and close that border.He refuses to do it.CHAFFETZ: Now, the House impeached Secretary Mayorkas.BLACKBURN: Yes.CHAFFETZ: Speaker Johnson said, next week, they planned to send those articles of impeachment to the Senate. What happens then, Senator?BLACKBURN: Yes.And on Wednesday, we expect them to come to us. We will receive the articles. We will be sworn in. Each senator is sworn in into the court of impeachment. Now, here's where it gets tricky. We should move forward at that point with the impeachment trial or a committee of impeachment.But what we're hearing is, for the first time ever in our nation's history, Chuck Schumer is wanting to table the impeachment articles. Every American should be incensed by this. Issue number one, we have nearly 10 million illegal aliens that have come into this country on Joe Biden's watch.Alejandro Mayorkas has lied to Congress. He has repeatedly said that the border is closed. It is not. He is doing Joe Biden's bidding on this. Every single state is affected by this. He should stand for his impeachment trial, as instructed by the Constitution of the United States.CHAFFETZ: There was word that President Biden was going to issue executive orders.Now, he issued nearly 100 to take down the policies of President Trump. He could with the stroke of his pen reverse those or do things to help secure the border. But, Senator, it's gone silent, as Politico is reporting.BLACKBURN: Yes, indeed.He did 94 executive orders in the first 100 days. And you're exactly right. Stroke of the pen, he could reverse every single one of those. He could go back to remain-in-Mexico. He could go back to dealing with some of these foreign entities. He could be working with Obrador, instead of Obrador being so emboldened he's threatening Biden.So we don't know what he is going to do. But, as I said, we do know this is issue number one for the American people. And they want to see some action. So, Jason, it is going to be a very interesting week for people to watch what happens not only in the House, but in the Senate.And the Senate should move and take up H.R.2, the House border security bill, which, by the way, has been sitting in the U.S. Senate since May of '23...CHAFFETZ: Yes.BLACKBURN: ... waiting for action.CHAFFETZ: Senator, I do need to get your comment, today being Easter. President Biden has designated this the Transgender Day of Visibility. What's your take on that?BLACKBURN: You know, Jason, I think everyone should be insulted by this, the intentional nature of this.Easter is a religious holiday. It is such a sacred day, where we all meet at the cross. And for this White House to declare it, to issue a proclamation for Transgender Visibility Day, and then at the same time to deny the use of religious symbols in the White House Easter egg hunt art competition.Think about that one. They are insulting every Christian who holds this day as a sacred day.CHAFFETZ: Senator Marsha Blackburn of the great state of Tennessee, thank you so much for joining us. Happy Easter on this day. Thank you so much for joining us.BLACKBURN: You have got it.CHAFFETZ: All right, coming up next: the Biden administration under fire for not putting the United States in a position of strength against China, even as the United States looks to team up with Japan to combat the threat.Former National Security Adviser Ambassador Robert O'Brien is here on what the United States needs to do to put a stop to the danger that Beijing poses to the United States.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: We are trying to connect the dots here to the national security threat. We talk about and focus on national security largely on this program.And I know you're doing a whole-of-government investigation into the response to the aggression coming out of communist China. I'm wondering what Joe Biden did to actually get paid, if this story is true, and if in fact he's made policy decisions in response to accepting money from places like communist China.Is that part of your investigation?REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): China's our biggest threat. There's no question about that. I think even liberal Democrats would admit to that.Not only are they a national security threat. They're stealing our intellectual property, our patents, all of our research and development that American companies invest trillions of dollars in. China's stealing that.Joe Biden is not tough on China.(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer with a strong warning on China and how the Biden administration is handling the threat from Beijing.This comes as a recent commission on defense procurement shows that the United States is not in a position to deter China, especially while also facing potential threats from Russia, Iran and North Korea.Former National Security Adviser Ambassador Robert O'Brien writes about this and more in his recent National Interest op-ed, "Closing the Defense Capabilities Gap".And he joins me now.Ambassador, thank you so much for joining us.Look, you were the national security adviser for President Trump. The threat from China is unparalleled. But are we able as the United States to defend ourselves and fight on multiple fronts?ROBERT O'BRIEN, FORMER U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: Well, Jason, good morning. It's getting tougher.The Chinese have the biggest army in the world. They have the biggest navy in the world. They have upped their defense spending this year by 7.8 percent, notwithstanding the financial crisis they're in. So they're serious about it. They're not building this military machine to defend themselves. They're building it to invade Taiwan.And now we see them in the Philippines, a treaty ally of America, a longtime ally for 100 years of the United States. And there's stealing islands in the South China Sea from the Philippines, and kicking Philippines fishermen who rely on that area to fish -- they are kicking them out.And what are we doing, Jason? In the Trump administration, we had a plan for a 365-ship Navy. That's never going to happen under the Biden administration. Defense spending has gone up 1 percent. But keep in mind that increase is wiped out by inflation, which is at 3 percent or 4 percent.So we're actually cutting defense spending because of the inflation we're facing. And on the Navy front, for example, we're going to retire 19 ships this year and only add nine new ones. So we have got a net-10 ship loss. And some of those ships that we are retiring, they're as young as 5 years old. So we're facing a real problem deterring China, and we're not doing what we need to do to support our fighting men and women in the Navy and the armed forces to be able to defend us.CHAFFETZ: Yes, you have pointed out in the past that, under President Reagan, we had some 600 ships, but now we're less than 350 currently, correct?O'BRIEN: Well, our goal is 365. But, today, we're about 288, and it's getting smaller. So we're going the wrong direction in a big way, at the same time that the Chinese now have the largest navy in the world. They have well over 300 ships, close to 350.And so we're going to be outgunned. Our Naval ships outclass theirs. And I would take our sailors over Chinese sailors any day of the week. But at some point, as Stalin said, quantity has a quality all of its own. And if they're putting two or three to one ships against us, that's, to me, pretty -- that's a lot to ask for our sailors to defend that and to fight and win in that environment.CHAFFETZ: I want to turn your attention to an article that appeared on FOXNews.com.We had a Chinese national who evidently came across the border illegally who tried to get onto a military base, a Marine base in Twentynine Palms, California. Now, I have been to that area. You don't accidentally turn off. You're looking for the In-N-Out Burger and you have turned left.And this is a serious incursion, and it's happened more than 100 times. What's going on here and what should we be doing about?O'BRIEN: Well, you're right, Jason. Twentynine Palms is way out in the desert. It's not a wrong turn to get there. You go there intentionally.And the Chinese have been doing this for years. They use their spies to drive into the military bases to test our readiness, to test our security, because they're planning for future actions against those bases in a war. And this is planning and preparation.We need to arrest these Chinese spies. And, instead, we give them a slap on the wrist. And the DOJ doesn't do anything about it. We need to arrest them and we need to use them as chits, because the Chinese are currently holding 30 to 40 Americans under exit bans, and basically holding them prisoners in China.We have got to have -- give our diplomats -- Roger Carstens, our hostage envoy, we need to give him some chits to deal with the Chinese to get our people home. No better way to do it than to get these spies that are going on our military bases, arrest them, put them in jail, and then trade them to get innocent Americans home if we need to.CHAFFETZ: Yes, this has happened more than 100 times. I'd love to know how many times the Department of Justice has actually held somebody or prosecuted somebody, rather than just pat them on the butt and let them go out the door.What would happen if an American tried to do this on a Chinese military base in China?O'BRIEN: No, we'd never hear from them again.CHAFFETZ: Yes, that's exactly right. That's exactly right.One of the other things that the Chinese are doing is in cyberspace. They're doing it. And I look at the situation where the Department of Justice is now going after Apple. Meanwhile, Huawei is notorious for things that they're doing.Explain that situation and why the Department of Justice maybe isn't quite focused on where they should be.O'BRIEN: Well, Huawei is a 5G network and phone manufacturer that uses their ability to -- their phones to scoop up all the data of people to use them.And that's why in the Trump administration, we fought a -- basically fought a battle against Huawei to keep Huawei out of the 5G space of our allies and ourselves to protect our national security and our intelligence. And now Huawei's -- we sanctioned chips to Huawei, but Huawei's now getting the chips they need.They're facing -- they have got record profits. And instead of going after Huawei or TikTok or ByteDance, which is also hoovering up American data, the DOJ has filed a political lawsuit against Apple, the great American company that integrates hardware and software, so that Americans can avoid the hackers and spyware.If you have got an Apple phone, you rarely get a virus on it, because it's so well-integrated, it's so well-designed, and the software and hardware work so well together. But the DOJ is now going -- instead of going after Huawei or TikTok, they're going after Apple and telling Apple to open up their code to the Chinese and Russian app makers, so that they can get their spyware in.I mean, it's like "Alice in Wonderland." We have got down a rabbit hole here, where the DOJ, instead of going after our adversaries, is going after a great American company. So, it doesn't make any sense, Jason.CHAFFETZ: Ambassador, look, you were the national security adviser for President Trump. We have an illegal immigration problem that's untenable. We have Chinese coming in by the tens of thousands.But we also have some lawlessness on the streets. I mean, you had this situation in New York where you have somebody who evidently, the allegation is, 21 arrests, but out on the street, and then you have a New York City police officer who's gunned down, Officer Jonathan Diller, has got a 1- year-old son, got a beautiful wife, beautiful family.But the difference in the contrast from how President Trump handled that and how President Biden handled that, I wanted to get your thoughts and perspective on that as well.O'BRIEN: Well, I watched President Trump go to the wake, and I was so proud of him for doing that, and he represented Americans.Apparently, the administration didn't have the time to go. And it reminded me of the many trips we took up at Dover Air Force Base to welcome home, sadly, the remains of our fallen heroes, and to try and comfort their families. And President Trump was so great with the families of the fallen soldiers.And so I was happy to see him go to the wake for Officer Diller. And it's Easter time, Jason. And for those of us who are believers -- I know you are, and happy Easter to you and Julie and the family. But I hope this message of Easter gets through to the Diller family. What a beautiful young family.And all the others, people who are looking for hope and solace during the season, I hope it's a great Easter, and that they're comforted and find some measure of comfort and that they're buoyed up by the Easter message that we're celebrating today.CHAFFETZ: Yes. Yes, I do think this election is going to be about security, security in your wallet, security in your neighborhood, in your home, security on the border, and the security overseas. That's just my take on it.Former National Security Adviser, Ambassador Robert O'Brien, again, happy Easter, and thank you for joining us on "Sunday Morning Futures."O'BRIEN: Thank you, Jason.CHAFFETZ: All right, coming up the latest on the deadly bridge collapse in Baltimore, President Biden vowing to have the federal government pay to rebuild it. But some Republicans are saying, eh, not so fast, especially after the billions spent on the 2021 infrastructure bill and the recent government spending bill.Georgia Congressman Buddy Carter is here with what he believes the federal government should do to help rebuild that bridge in Baltimore. It's coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: The president said he's planning to travel to Baltimore as quickly as he can. And he's also pledging that the federal government will pay for everything.STEVEN BRADBURY, FORMER ACTING U.S. TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY: I do agree that the bridge is a national interest, and we do as a nation have a need to replace that bridge. And it may be a justified use of federal money.But, listen, Maria, we don't need a new supplemental for this bridge. We are awash in infrastructure money from the president's infrastructure bill in 2021, huge amounts of money that Congress has appropriated. We should repurpose and divert some of that money.(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: A deadly tragedy in Baltimore last week, unfortunately. The Francis Scott Key Bridge collapsed after a cargo ship hit a support pillar Tuesday.Now there is talk of the federal government paying 100 percent to rebuild the bridge, including from President Biden, who vowed it would cover the cost in totality. However, some on the right are saying no, after a recent approval of the government's spending bill. And why exactly isn't money from the 2021 infrastructure bill being repurposed for this cause?Let's bring in Georgia Congressman Buddy Carter. He sits on the House Energy and Commerce Committee and the House Budget Committee. I had the pleasure and honor of serving with him when I was in Congress once upon a time.Congressman, thanks for joining us on this Easter morning. I do appreciate it.So, the big question is...REP. BUDDY CARTER (R-GA): Thank you, Jason. And happy Easter to you and everyone.CHAFFETZ: Thank you. Thank you.Look, I don't think anybody doubts or challenges the idea and the notion that the bridge needs to be rebuilt and done as fast as possible. It's part of our critical infrastructure, shipping, commerce. It is critical.But you're on the Budget Committee. You're on Energy and Commerce. The president's teeing this up as if there needs to be a new supplemental or a new round of spending. What's your take on that?CARTER: Well, first of all, Jason, what happened in Baltimore is truly a tragedy.And, yes, our country needs to get this port going as soon as possible. We understand that more so than most people. I represent the entire coast of Georgia. We have two major seaports here, the Port of Savannah, number three port in the country, and Brunswick, second only two Baltimore.So, both of those ports are important, and we understand the importance of it. Yes, it needs to be fixed immediately. There's no question about that. It's going to be a big impact on our economy.However, when we get into this, we need to look at a number of different things. First of all, what's the responsibility of the shipping company? What's the responsibility of the insurance company? And what about funds that are already out there, particularly in the infrastructure bill? Can they be diverted and used for this, instead of using new money?As you mentioned, I'm on the Budget Committee. And I will tell you, it's situations like this why we should be fiscally responsible, emergency situations where we are going to need money. That's why we should be fiscally responsible.CHAFFETZ: Yes, I have never understood this.Disasters happen, unfortunately. There are tornadoes. There are hurricanes. You feel that there in the state of Georgia and Florida and everywhere else. They happen. Disasters happen. But why they aren't budgeted for in advance or why don't we ever have a discussion as a nation to say, oh, my goodness, this horrific thing happened; instead of doing X, we're going to have to take this over here and spend money here?That's what any business or any family would do. Instead, the president, the Democrats instantly say, well, we need more money.CARTER: That's exactly right.And that's what we have got to start doing. We did it when I was in the Georgia state legislature. We had a midyear readjustment, if you would, to look and see what we need to shift around in our budget. And we need to be doing that in the federal budget as well.But you're right. The idea in the federal budget is, if you need something, you just go and get new funds. Well, we need to end that, not to mention the fact that this is the executive branch again making financial decisions that should be up to the legislative branch. Whether you're a Republican or a Democrat, that should concern you.The power of the executive branch has superseded that of the legislative branch when it comes to spending over the past few decades. That's something we need to claw back to the legislative branch in Congress.CHAFFETZ: Well, there was $1.2 trillion that went out the door in a bipartisan way. People touted the infrastructure bill. It just seems to me that Baltimore should go to the top of the food chain and say, yes, we're going to have to spend some money there.But there's $110 billion that's set aside over there for these types of things. And the idea that you have to get more money, we have kind of exhausted that.I have got to move on. The administration is also now saying that they want to get rid of diesel-fueled trucks. How's that going to play in Georgia?CARTER: I can assure you, in South Georgia, Bubba ain't going to be happy. There's no question about that.We love our trucks here in South Georgia. And this is another example of the Biden administration's war on fossil fuels. And, day one, the Biden administration declared war on fossil fuels. And now this is a more rush to green. Look, E.V.s are great. And there are going to -- there's going to be a market for E.V.s.And when E.V.s are out there, then people have a choice for that. That's good. But the real, real win is when we have consumer choice. When consumers have the choice, when this is market-driven. I have witnessed it. I have been to Europe and I have seen where they have allowed their policies to get ahead of their innovation.It causes problems. That's a lesson we should learn here in America. But it's one that the Biden administration has not learned. It's one that's going to come back to bite us.CHAFFETZ: Yes, I do think it's an issue of choice. It's an issue of freedom. It's also about innovation and making sure that we have got the very best products, an all-of-the-above energy portfolio that makes the United States in the strongest position possible.But this administration seems just hell-bent on saying, no, I'm sorry, but you know what, we're just going to get rid of anything that has the combustible motor in it, combustible motor in it. And I think that's going to be devastating, not just in Michigan and Wisconsin and Georgia and other parts around the country, but for our entire economy.And they're getting rid of so many other things, whether it be stoves or light bulbs. Or whatever it might be, they don't want you to be able to make that choice, Congressman.CARTER: That's exactly right.And, Jason, you served with us in Congress, and you understand. When the government chooses winners and losers, it never works. It has to be market- driven. E.V.s are going to do great. There's going to be a market for E.V.s. I'm very blessed in the First District that I have the honor and privilege of representing that we're getting the single largest economic development project in the history of our state, an E.V. manufacturing plant.They're excited about it. They're going to do great because there's going to be a market for E.V.s. But it needs to be market-driven. It needs to be consumer-driven. Consumers need to make this decision, not to have like the tailpipe emission rules that just came out last week, where the administration's saying that 67 percent of all new vehicles have to be E.V.s by 2032.That's not the way that we do this.CHAFFETZ: All right, I want to transition real quickly and get your thoughts on impeachment, the articles coming over from the House on Secretary Mayorkas going over into the Senate.What would you like to see happen there? Because we have been spending a lot of time on this show and on this network, quite frankly, talking about how insecure the border is, based on the choices and the representations that were made, because this administration told us for three years the border was safe, secure, and they had operational control.And, obviously, that was a lie. That wasn't true.CARTER: Jason, I have been to the border eight times in the 10 years that I have been a member of Congress. The last time was six weeks ago.It is in as bad a shape now as I have ever seen it. I learned some new things. First of all, there are now more non-Mexicans coming across that border than there are Mexicans. Secondly, and most concerning to me -- as you know, I'm a pharmacist.Most concerning to me is that the Border Patrol agents tell us that the street price of fentanyl has plummeted, plummeted, gone from like $10 a tablet to 25 cent a tablet, which tells you, and simple economics, that the supply is so high now in America that the demand is not keeping up with it and the price is going down. That is concerning, 200 people, 200 people every day dying as a result of fentanyl poisoning.That's one of the main reasons why we have to secure that border. It's killing our people.CHAFFETZ: Well, with the impeachment inquiry going over to the United States Senate, there is an opportunity for the Senate to deal with this.And they should deal with it appropriately. And there's no executive orders to reverse the issues that are moving forward.But, Congressman Buddy Carter, thank you so much for joining us.He is one of the only, I think -- I believe, the only pharmacist in the United States Congress.And thank you for your service. Happy Easter to you.CARTER: Thanks to you, Jason.CHAFFETZ: All right, coming up next: House Republicans are calling on President Biden to testify, as questions mount over his interactions with business associates of his son Hunter and his brother James.Breitbart News political -- politics editor Emma-Jo Morris is here on the case. Could the Biden family ties influence the decision-making of President Biden?That's coming up next. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Chairman James Comer officially inviting President Biden to testify publicly on the family's business schemes.He wants this testimony on April 16. In a letter, Comer says: "Impeachment investigators have accounted for $24 million from foreign sources that was sent to either Joe Biden directly, his family or their business associates."Congressman, has your committee heard back from the White House in terms of whether or not Joe Biden will answer questions on this influence peddling?REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): We're talking about with fictitious names like Robert L. Peters or Robin Warren that allegedly Joe Biden was using.The National Archives has these e-mails. The Oversight Committee needs to see these e-mails so we can finish our investigation.(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: Florida Congressman Byron Donalds on "Mornings With Maria" last Friday after House Oversight Chairman James Comer invited President Biden to an impeachment hearing.House Republicans want to question Biden about his claims that he did not interact with his brother James or his son Hunter's business partners immediately after and while he was vice president.Another question for President Biden, why did former FBI Director Louis Freeh evidently, reportedly, give $100,000 to Joe Biden's grandchildren and then speak with -- and want to speak with the vice president about potential lucrative options, with Hunter being in the middle?Let's bring in Breitbart News political editor Emma-Jo Morris.Emma-Jo, thanks so much for joining us here.I mean, this story, there's so many elements to it. What really rises to the top of what you think this impeachment inquiry should be pursuing?EMMA-JO MORRIS, POLITICS EDITOR, BREITBART NEWS: Well, obviously, there's a lot of moving parts to this.And, first of all, thank you so much for having me and happy Easter.But, yes, there's a lot going on here. So, the first thing is whether Joe Biden was involved in the family business. And the second thing is whether he was taking money from the family business. I happen to think, actually, that the second thing that I mentioned is actually less important, because he doesn't have to be -- there's no rule that says he has to be directly taking money, although that would be relevant and important to know.But the fact that his son and his brother were living off of salaries paid for by the Chinese Communist Party and Ukrainian oligarchs while he was in office are obviously troubling enough to warrant perhaps impeachment, to definitely be considered corruption.So the thing about the Bidens, though, is that they really operate within, like, the really bleeding edge of what's legal. And they're very good at that. They sit down, basically, and look at the law and see what they can get away with and maybe a little bit more.But you don't have to have a direct handshake and money transfer between Xi Jinping and Joe Biden for this to mean anything. That's absolutely absurd. And I think that that's what the Republicans and the nation are really beginning to realize. This is a broader picture.CHAFFETZ: Well, as Peter Schweizer in the book "Blood Money" pointed out, Chairman Ye, who had struck this deal, it was $5 million, evidently, that ended up in the Bidens' bank accounts, as well as a three-carat $80,000 diamond, Chairman Ye was associated in business deals with a guy named White Wolf, one of the most notorious drug criminals out there.But, somehow, some way on the sanctions list there in China, guess what? They aren't part of the sanctions list, and yet they're one of the -- some of the most notorious -- at least White Wolf is, one of the most notorious drug criminals on the face of the planet.MORRIS: I mean, yes, and you don't even have to go that far.Peter Schweizer is remarkable in what he can find. And he is -- he's scary if you're in government. That's for sure. But even what was on the laptop from hell, right, the CEFC deal, 10 percent for the Big Guy, CEFC, for those who aren't familiar, is a Chinese energy company totally linked with One Belt One Road, totally linked with the Chinese Communist Party.I mean, that's bad enough. These people are trying to displace us as the world hegemon. They're trying to overtake our economy. I don't think that it's kosher to have even a family member on the payroll of these people. Obviously, blood is thicker than water, and blood is going to be your primary loyalty.CHAFFETZ: Right.Well, go ahead and explain, President Biden, why $100,000 evidently ended up in the grandkids' account, and what was that for? That's a question that still hasn't been fully explored.We have got more to talk about with you.We're with the Breitbart political -- politics editor Emma, Jo Morris. Stay with us. We're going to continue this discussion.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHAFFETZ: And we're back with Breitbart politics editor Emma-Jo Morris.Emma-Jo, I got a question. The Daily Mail and The New York Post had an article a couple of years ago where, evidently, Hunter Biden was going to accompany Joe Biden on a trip to Mexico to try to seal some deals. But they brought Jeff Cooper, Hunter Biden's business partner, on Air Force Two. At least, that was the plan.So, OK, Joe Biden, you weren't planning to do anything to help your son in his business. Why, at taxpayer expense, did Jeff Cooper, evidently, according to the articles, why was he going to go on Air Force Two to Mexico?What other big questions do you have? Because that's right near the top of my list.MORRIS: Yes, that's one of the more sloppy incidents. But there are tons of those. And that's part of why Comer wants Joe Biden to come speak to Congress.I mean, I -- listen, I'm not hopeful that that will actually happen.CHAFFETZ: Right.MORRIS: The White House spokesman Ian Sams replied "LOL" to that invitation. So we will see.But there's obviously fingerprints everywhere. Comer listed out a few which were obviously multiple instances of Joe Biden getting on the phone with Hunter Biden's business associates, his Chinese ones, for instance, his Russian ones, for instance, which, again, there's tons of documentation showing that he accepted money from these people.And then Joe Biden's getting on the phone with them, but he never knew about his son's business, right?CHAFFETZ: So...MORRIS: ... and then there's obviously the money that went into Joe Biden's account directly linked to the business, that $40,000 that went into Joe Biden's account from his brother.He claims that it was a loan. But his bookkeeper claims that there were no records of loans to his brother.CHAFFETZ: Yes.MORRIS: So there's a lot of these contradictions that show that Joe Biden was all over the place in this.CHAFFETZ: Look, in order for Chairman Comer to do his job, a job I once had, you have to have the documents.And why the National Archives continues to hold the e-mails and that -- and text messages of Vice President Biden, these are -- these are records that Comer should be able to see. They coughed up some of them. But Joe Biden was using fake names, fake e-mail addresses. He basically was lying about who he was in the White House.They have those documents, but they refuse to give 100 percent of those to Chairman Comer.MORRIS: Right. That's right.And this is, by the way, happening on a split screen while Peter Navarro right now is sitting in prison.CHAFFETZ: Yes.MORRIS: And Peter had said that the reason why he was refusing to comply with Congress was because of executive privilege, was because of the rights of confidentiality inside the White House.And now the National Archives seems to be kind of trying to say the same thing, but somehow there's no accountability for that. There is no equal justice or equal doling out of punishment, let's say, on that.So that's interesting.CHAFFETZ: Yes. Well, why they don't continue to issue those documents and try to get those, we still have a lot, lot more to learn.You have got to be able to get the documents, got to be able to have subpoenas that are complied with. You have to be able to -- be able to have people show up at your hearings.MORRIS: In an ideal world.CHAFFETZ: And when they don't show up at the hearings...(LAUGHTER)CHAFFETZ: ... the -- and the -- yes. Well, again, this is why it works differently for Democrats than it does for Republicans. And that's just the naked truth of it.Emma-Jo Morris, Breitbart News, really do appreciate you joining us on this Easter morning.MORRIS: Thank you.CHAFFETZ: Really do appreciate it.MORRIS: Happy...CHAFFETZ: Well, that does it for this "Sunday Morning Futures." I'm Jason Chaffetz, in for Maria. I really appreciate her allowing me to do this.May God bless this country, and may God bless that family who's dealing with -- in New York. The officer and their family, my heart goes out to them. I can't believe that they have to go through that.Hope you have a wonderful weekend. I hope you're able to check out my latest bestselling book. It's called "The Puppeteers: The People Who Control the People Who Control America."Have a great Easter Sunday, everyone. Thank you.