CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: So here's the big question now. How should order be restored?By the way, thank you to Peter Doocy.My next guest says he just met with Jewish students at Columbia today. Joining me now, House Intel Committee member Florida Republican Congressman and former Green Beret Mike Waltz.Mike, it's fantastic to have you here.REP. MICHAEL WALTZ (R-FL): Yes, thanks, Charles.PAYNE: Had to be surreal up there. Tell us what you saw and what you heard.WALTZ: Well, we met with a number of Jewish students and with Ambassador Robert O'Brien, President Trump's national security adviser.And a couple of things came out, one, that I asked these students, what kind of engagement have you had with some of these protesters? These were all Jewish students of -- from overseas here, what have you. They have had none. None of the protesters we even speak with them.What was interesting is, they said they have talked to fellow students from Saudi Arabia, from Algeria, from over in the region that understand the complexity...PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: ... and they have had good conversation and engagement with them. But, in their words, these kind of woke Instagram lawyers won't even speak to them. And there -- just the level of ignorance was jaw-dropping.PAYNE: You're talking about Native Americans, American students going to Columbia.WALTZ: That have never traveled to the Middle East...PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: ... much less been to Gaza or the West Bank or Israel and that, frankly, have gotten their news off of Instagram and TikTok.PAYNE: There have been reports from time to time of "From the river to the sea" and other really serious threats.WALTZ: Right.PAYNE: How safe do those students, how safe did they tell you they feel right now?WALTZ: Oh, they don't feel safe. And it's just -- one of them was on the verge of tears. No student should feel that way, race, religion, social economic background, what have you.And it should be easy and crystal clear from the White House podium to condemn and to say, enough is enough. And if you're breaking the law and breaking university rules, you're done. You're out of there. That's what we're seeing at University of Florida. That's what we're seeing at University of Texas.And when you make empty threats like Columbia administration did today...PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: ... then you have this kind of chaos and you have students that feel horribly unsafe.PAYNE: To that point, the White House has seemed really torturously to try to appease both sides of this situation. And they have failed miserably.And I wondered if the students feel like that might have actually exacerbated this, because this germinated. We know, on one hand, it feels like there was -- a lot of this is orchestrated, some big-time money involved.WALTZ: Right.PAYNE: But also it's sort of -- it's the germination of no one coming in and saying unequivocally that this is the right -- the right thing is happening in certain ways because of what occurred on October 7.WALTZ: No, well, you're absolutely right.And this equivocation, this wishy-washiness is on full display for the entire world. On the one hand, Antony Blinken's over in the Middle East trying to drive Hamas to release the hostages and enter into a deal. Yet Hamas is watching these students and they're watching what's happening at the White House podium and clearly getting the message that time is on their side.If they just hold out, the domestic situation here will continue to deteriorate, domestic politics will get worse for Biden in an election year. And I think Hamas is just emboldened by watching what's going on here and the lack of moral clarity.PAYNE: And it always -- it comes back to feckless leadership.WALTZ: That's right.Well, it comes to a concessions first, appeasement first, if we just back off enough, the other side will. No. Countries like Iran, the ayatollahs, terrorist groups like Hamas see that as weakness and they are emboldened.And what has been so different now, if you're over there trying to drive a normalization between the Gulf Arab states, Saudi Arabia and Israel, what the Trump administration did, what President Trump did was made Iran the center of it.PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: And that common enemy drove the Gulf Arabs and Israel -- the Israelis together.Now, with the Palestinians in the middle of it, they couldn't be further apart and the world is on fire.PAYNE: What did the Jewish students tell you they'd like to see? I mean, listen, these are college students. They go to school to have debate. They go to school to learn.So they came to school for conversations, tough conversations.WALTZ: Yes.PAYNE: I think they were prepared for that.WALTZ: Right.PAYNE: Would they like to find a way to continue the dialogue without the threats, without the physical harassments?WALTZ: Yes, I mean, it was really simple and it was heartbreaking and heartening.Number one, where is any conversation of the hostages?PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: Five Americans right now as we speak in the tunnels in Gaza, much less the Israeli citizens, the women, the children, and that rape is not a form of resistance, that this kind of moral equivalence now in what happens as an accident with the IDF, collateral damage, versus targeting civilians in the way that Hamas did, and then, separately, just some kind of dialogue.They said we're studying in a place where our voices should be heard and all voices should be heard, but you have a side that's not interested in hearing their voices.PAYNE: Alexis McAdams said that so far up here in Columbia, where you were, the New York City Police Department reluctant to go in because it's - - quote, unquote -- "private property."But we have got images here in the University of Texas, obviously, in Florida as well, where the police have put law and order above those -- above the safety of the public. Shouldn't that supersede everything Uptown New York?(CROSSTALK)WALTZ: Yes, and there's actual -- I mean, there's a number of court cases, Supreme Court cases, saying, yes, you have your First Amendment right, but there are restrictions on private property and then there are certainly law and order and safety and harm restrictions.And when you have kids that are scared for their life because of their religion, because of their skin color, then that is -- that's, in my mind, a no-brainer.PAYNE: Yes, it goes against everything America stands for.WALTZ: That's right.PAYNE: Representative Waltz, thank you very much. Appreciate it.WALTZ: Thanks. All right.THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.