MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Good Sunday morning, everyone. Welcome to "Sunday Morning Futures." I'm Maria Bartiromo. Thanks so much for joining us this morning.Today: debate drama. President Biden says he will debate President Trump on his terms, including no third-party candidate on stage. Coming up, third- party presidential candidate Robert Kennedy Jr. on why he's charging collusion and being blocked from the debates.Then: Trump hits another blue state on Friday and vows now to take Minnesota come November, while raising a debate rule of his own, drug testing before the cameras get rolling.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: If this horrible individual finishes the debate, which I think he will, if he's standing, if he's standing...(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: ... they will say it was a brilliant performance.Now, he did that State of the Union leader the other day. He was high as a kite.(LAUGHTER)TRUMP: So, I think we should call for drug tests on the debate.BARTIROMO: Just ahead, the debates, the agenda, and why immigration and the economy have become red lines for voters in critical swing states.Coming up, Trump's short list for his V.P. running mate. South Carolina Senator Tim Scott on the policies that matter to voters, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum on what he learned from attending Trump so-called hush money trial this past week. And Trump National Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt on why Trump is beating Biden, despite 91 indictments, a hush money trial and a gag order currently under way.Plus: corruption potentially in plain sight. The House Oversight Committee digs in on Joe Biden's impeachment inquiry with a new subpoena from Biden family business records.Committee members Florida Representatives Byron Donalds and Anna Paulina Luna on the Biden influence peddling investigation that will not go away.It's all right here, right now on "Sunday Morning Futures."And we begin this Sunday morning with the upcoming presidential debates, this week, President Biden challenging former President Trump to a debate, but only on his terms.On Wednesday, Biden's campaign chair sent a letter to the Commission on Presidential Debates, which has set presidential debates for the last four decades, informing the commission that, no, Biden will not be participating in the three general election debates sponsored by the commission.Instead, he is willing to debate President Trump on Biden's terms, which include no audience, no third-party candidate, limited news outlets, and the candidate's microphones must be muted after their time expires.Despite the ground rules, the 45th president eagerly accepted Biden's invitation to debate on June 27 and September 10. So the debates are now set. But following the deal, Trump told Republicans on Friday night he wants President Biden to take a drug test before the first debate, citing Biden's demeanor at the State of the Union earlier this year, something that the head of the GOP Doctors Caucus, North Carolina Congressman Greg Murphy, told me as well this week on "Mornings With Maria" on FOX Business.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. GREG MURPHY (R-NC): I will just be very plain and simple.I was in the State of the Union address, and Joe Biden must have been jacked up on something that day. I absolutely believe that, from a medical viewpoint, and actually have a little bit of good knowledge that that happened.He can't stand it. He can't stand under the lights for that long. And I don't think he can keep a concept in his brain that long.BARTIROMO: Congressman, what do you mean when you say was jacked up at the State of the Union?MURPHY: I believe they gave him something to help him sustain the lights and sustain the vigor that he had.That's not -- that was not Joe Biden. I was in there. He screamed for two hours.BARTIROMO: Yes.MURPHY: He screamed for two hours. And maybe we can talk offline and I will show you something that I think that proves that.BARTIROMO: You will show me what?MURPHY: I think I can have some evidence that shows that he was given something before that.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Meanwhile, a new FOX News poll shows Trump leading Biden by three points, with independent candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in third place at 11 percent.Even with the showing, Biden is refusing to allow Kennedy on the debate stage, or he's also refusing to give him any Secret Service protection that is provided to major presidential candidates all of this time. Kennedy has not been offered such a service, this despite the tragic history of the Kennedy family that saw the assassination of both his father, Robert F. Kennedy, and his uncle, President John F. Kennedy.Joining me right now, in this "Sunday Morning Futures" exclusive, is the man himself, presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr.Mr. Kennedy, thanks very much for joining me this morning.ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR., PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Thanks for having me, Maria.BARTIROMO: So, your reaction to you not being offered this position? Have you heard from the campaigns or from CNN or ABC to ask your plausibility of being on that debate stage?KENNEDY: We are in discussions with CNN. CNN published a list of criteria, four criteria for candidates getting into the debate. And we have shown CNN that we meet all of those criteria and that President Trump and President Biden cannot meet those criteria.The key -- one of the two sort of key piece of key criterion is that every candidate has to have -- and be on the ballots in enough states to get 270 electoral votes by June 20. And we will be -- we will qualify for that.President Trump and President Biden cannot qualify for that because they don't have any electoral votes at this time. They are presumptive nominees for their party, but the -- they themselves are not on the ballot. And I will be the only one on the ballot. The other criterion is four polls that have me at 15 percent, national polls, and they listed the polling firms that they would take those polls from.And we have given them five national polls that show me, including the CNN poll, the most recent CNN poll, that has me at 15 percent, the Harvard/Harris poll, the Monmouth poll, the Quinnipiac poll, that all have me at 15 percent or more. So I qualify for the debates.They have now made -- they made a public offer. We consider that a contract. And we're in discussion with CNN now.BARTIROMO: So why do you have this assurance that you think you will be eligible for the 270 electoral votes by June 20? Do you think you will get those votes by June 20?KENNEDY: Yes, we will be on the ballot. We already have -- we're on the -- we have enough signatures today for 201 electoral votes. By the end of the month, we will be at 340.BARTIROMO: OK.Why do you think they're keeping you off the debate stage then, sir?KENNEDY: I think they don't want to talk about the issues that neither President Trump or President Biden are comfortable talking about.These two presidents ran up the biggest deficit in history. That's now driving the inflationary cycle in this country. President Trump in four short years ran up $8 trillion in debt. It's more debt, more money spent than every president combined from George Washington to George W. Bush.And President Biden is rushing to keep up with him. The two of them shut down our country, shut down 3.3 million businesses with no due process, no just compensation, no scientific citation. They're the ones who are feeding the toxic polarization that is tearing our country apart.Both of these candidates say that they want to end the polarization, but they have no way to do that. They're actually feeding into it. They are the product of that polarization. We need -- if we're going to save our country, we need to start looking at each other as Americans again...BARTIROMO: Yes.KENNEDY: ... and stop looking and stop hating on each other.They are -- both of these candidates have fed this -- the forever wars. President Trump said that he was going to end them, but then he again supported last week $63 billion more to Ukraine. So all of these issues are issues that neither of them want to talk about, and I'm going to make them talk about it, and they're not going to want to do that.BARTIROMO: Well, let's talk a little about it right now, so our viewers understand clearly where you are on these issues, number one, immigration and the wide-open border.Would you move to deport the 10 million illegals that are in this country on Joe Biden's watch?KENNEDY: I would shut down the border overnight. And I have been to the border. Everybody there is confident. The -- I have spoken to Border Patrol, local law enforcement, people on both sides of the border, local hospitals and local officials.And everybody is confident that we can shut the -- this border overnight, which is destroying our country. I think...BARTIROMO: Would you deport the illegals that are already here?KENNEDY: We would deport a lot of them. I don't know -- I don't want to tear apart families. People who are in this country, who have been in this country for a long time that are paying taxes, we need to look at that population.And I'm not making any policy commitments on that until the border is shut, because I don't think Americans will put up with it.BARTIROMO: Second issue, inflation rising to 40-year highs, largely because of $7 trillion in borrowing and spending of the Democrats.How would you rein in inflation?KENNEDY: Well, I mean, we need to stop the spending.We need -- and in order to do that, we need to wind down the war machine, which neither candidate is able to do. We need to end the chronic disease epidemic, which these two candidates have presided over, which is causing us now $4.3 trillion a year. That's five times our military budget. It is the single biggest cost in our entire budget.We need -- and all of these things are things that neither President Trump or President Biden is even talking about doing.BARTIROMO: OK.KENNEDY: President Trump promised that he would -- that he would balance the budget, and instead he ran up the biggest deficit in history.And, again, President Biden's doing the same thing. And that's why we have $4 milk and $4 bread and $6 gasoline. We're -- and our houses are now unaffordable. We have a whole generation of kids that are not going to get into the homes, and we need to solve that housing crisis as well.BARTIROMO: Mr. Kennedy, let me ask you your thoughts on abortion. Do you believe a woman should have the right to have an abortion even in her ninth month?KENNEDY: No. What I have said is that the government has an interest in regulating abortion when the baby reaches viability.And, before that, a woman has an absolute right over bodily autonomy, and I have been fighting for bodily autonomy, for medical freedom probably harder than anybody in this country over the past 20 years. But at some point when the baby -- in the last couple of months, when the baby is -- reaches viability, the government has an interest in protecting that child.BARTIROMO: Mr. Kennedy, I want to get your take on what has taken place in terms of your battle with President Biden in terms of Secret Service protection.Have you been able to get Secret Service protection? I know that you have been asking. I have been watching your tweets and your -- following you on social media. Why is President Biden refusing to allow you to have security?KENNEDY: I'm the first candidate and -- well, candidates became eligible for Secret Service protection after my father's assassination in 1968.I'm the first presidential candidate in all of that time who has requested Secret Service protection and has not gotten it. The Secret Service themselves have made an assessment and have found that I am at elevated risk.I have had several very worrying incidences since I declared my candidacy, including a man showing up demanding to see me in the -- in my green room at a rally in Los Angeles with shoulder holsters and many, many other guns on him,loaded weapons...BARTIROMO: Unbelievable.KENNEDY: ... and fake federal I.D. I have made six applications to the White House to get Secret Service protection. President Biden is not allowing me to get it.So I think probably -- I can't really look into his head and speculate as to why he's made this decision.BARTIROMO: Yes.KENNEDY: He has a bust of my dad behind him at the Oval Office. I know he probably knows what happened to my father.I think the risks are clear. I think that they probably feel that they are able to force me to pay for my own security and that they'd rather me spend that money on security than on advertising or organization.BARTIROMO: Wow. Look, this is outrageous. And everybody knows that you deserve security, for sure. I -- it's unbelievable that you're not getting it.But let me get your take on this. You heard what Greg Murphy said at the top of the show. Mr. Kennedy, do you believe that President Biden should take a drug test before the debate?(LAUGHTER)KENNEDY: I just want -- I just think that he should have to debate. I think that -- I don't think it's good for democracy if we don't have presidential debates.And I think that the candidates ought to debate. They ought to debate the people, all the people who are -- who meet the criteria. And I meet the criteria.BARTIROMO: Including yourself, yes.KENNEDY: Yes.BARTIROMO: And so you don't want to even touch that? You're not going to touch that in terms of a drug test?KENNEDY: No, I'm not going to go there.BARTIROMO: OK.KENNEDY: But I just want them on the debate stage.BARTIROMO: Well, look, your family has been associated in politics. You have grown up in politics. What have you learned from this entire process, sir?KENNEDY: Well, I think, Maria, one of the reasons I got into the race was because my feeling that we're losing touch with this vision of what America is supposed to look like, that we're supposed to be a moral authority around the world, that we're supposed to be the exemplary democracy, that people in our country ought to be living the American dream.BARTIROMO: Yes, of course.KENNEDY: The central promise of the American dream when I was a kid was that, if you worked hard, if you played by the rules, you could finance a home, you could take a summer vacation, you could put something aside for your retirement on one job.BARTIROMO: Yes.KENNEDY: There's nobody in this generation of kids who are coming up now who believe that that promise applies to them.And I want to make them feel like they can take advantage of the American dream as well. And neither of these candidates are explaining how that's going to happen.BARTIROMO: Are you planning on doubling down on the climate change agenda in terms of environmentalism, Mr. Kennedy? I want to get your take, because there's a lot of criticism about President Biden's climate change agenda, particularly from business.He's inserted lots of new rules about climate change and the impact there. What are your plans there, sir?KENNEDY: I have been critical of President Biden's climate -- first of all, I believe that climate change is existential. I don't believe -- I don't -- I don't -- I don't think it's -- I don't have problems with people who don't believe that.I believe that. I focus on other issues, on issues that are -- that -- all the things that we need to do to solve climate change, we ought to be doing anyway. I think President Biden's approach, which is -- which is an approach of very, very heavy, top-down controls and of subsidies to industry for carbon capture technologies, that that is a bad approach.BARTIROMO: Right.KENNEDY: We ought to be -- we ought to be talking about habitat protection. We ought to be talking about reducing toxins in our environment. We ought to be talking about rebuilding our soils.We ought to be talking about protecting our children from air pollution and water pollution. This is what I have done for 40 years.BARTIROMO: Right.KENNEDY: I have been a champion of those issues. And if we do those issues right, the climate is going to take care of itself.BARTIROMO: Mr. Kennedy, we'd like to keep in touch with you to see where these negotiations go with CNN. We'd like to see whether or not you're going to make it on that debate stage or the debate has been set.We so appreciate your time this morning, sir. Thank you.KENNEDY: Thanks for having me, Maria.BARTIROMO: Presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr.We will be back with Senator Tim Scott next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT): It's caused by the federal government spending too much money it doesn't have, effectively printing it. It makes every dollar go less far. It's why household after household in America, on average, is shelling out an additional $1,300 every month just to live.That's wrong and that's another reason why we need Donald Trump as president.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And that is the ranking member of the Congressional Joint Economic Committee, Senator Mike Lee from Utah, on with me here last weekend on inflation up 20 percent, nearly 20 percent on Biden's watch.As a result, Biden has been losing support among key voting blocs essential to winning a second term.Joining me now is South Carolina Senator Tim Scott, who is one of the candidates President Trump is considering as his running mate.Senator, it's good to see you this morning. Thanks very much for being here.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Good morning, Maria. Thanks for having me.BARTIROMO: Well, you just heard me speaking with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. He wants to be on that debate stage. Does he have a point?SCOTT: He absolutely has a point, without any question. The criteria that's been said, he seems to have met.But Joe Biden is so afraid of debating, he thinks he wants one-on-one with President Donald Trump, because the moderators will play interference, run interference for Joe Biden. It is terrible the rules that Joe Biden is dictating to have a debate.The good news is, President Trump says, anywhere, any time, any place, because he knows he can expose the lies of Joe Biden, starting with inflation, moving to the border, and talking about crime, the issues that underlie the future of this country.Joe Biden's been on the wrong side of that the entire four years. South Carolinians, Maria, are paying more than $25,000 for the same things they could buy under President Trump because Joe Biden's inflation has destroyed, devastated their paychecks.BARTIROMO: So, what -- yes.SCOTT: We have seen more than -- go ahead.BARTIROMO: What about Trump's policies in terms of reining in inflation? What's number one in terms of the most important issue he could do?SCOTT: Number one is cutting taxes.We're looking at the largest tax increase in American history in 2025. President Biden says he wants the taxes to go up. President Trump says he wants the taxes to stay down. The difference between that is more money in the average pocket of an American.President Trump promised $4,000. He delivered $4,400. Joe Biden has taken all those dollars, plus another $7,000, on average, per year out of the pockets of everyday families, devastating our economy.And, Maria, millennials, the first-time homebuyers, rates for mortgages are over 7 percent. That's devastating in a world that under President Trump was around 3 percent. The changes are drastic and measurable in lost money in the average paycheck.BARTIROMO: Senator, I know you have been spending a lot of time with President Trump recently. What do you believe is the most important value that you bring to the ticket should he choose you as his V.P.?SCOTT: Well, I don't think it's about the who. It's about the what.It's about the issues that the American people face. I got to say without any question, if we're going to talk about who, it's Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris, the border czar, has allowed the greatest invasion in American history, Kamala Harris working on the economy with the pandering tour of Joe Biden, seeing the devastation across this nation, Kamala Harris working with Joe Biden on issues of the Middle East, literally standing in opposition to our strongest ally, Israel.I will say this without any question. As a poor kid from a single-parent household, knowing the truth of the American dream, having a chance to talk about that is important. Starting a business that changed not just my life, but my mother's economic future, that was only possible because we had the kind of power in our economy driven by conservative values.I want to talk about giving Donald Trump four more years, not for the vice president, but for the American people.BARTIROMO: Right.SCOTT: This is about 300 million people who need a better future.BARTIROMO: Well, you may very well be on the debate stage debating Kamala Harris at some point.Are you ready for that? And what about the presidential debate? You heard what Greg Murphy said at the top of the show. He thinks -- well, he said -- quote, unquote -- "jacked up." Biden was jacked up at the State of the Union. Do you believe that they should take drug tests before the debate?SCOTT: Well, I find it a little humorous, but the truth of the matter is, why not?The truth of the matter is that, if you saw the State of the Union and you watched that performance, it was surreal. There was something going on.BARTIROMO: Wow.SCOTT: And if we can find the truth of what it was, we're all better off, because if it takes artificial stimulation to make the president of the United States perform, how often can he do that?And I will simply say, watching Donald Trump for four years, and, frankly, watching Donald Trump in New Jersey talk to 107,000 people...BARTIROMO: Yes. I saw that.SCOTT: ... he doesn't need a teleprompter. He doesn't need notes. He is just strong as can be, because he's fighting for the American people. And they know it.BARTIROMO: Yes.SCOTT: They can smell it, and we can see it.BARTIROMO: Senator, it's great to see you this morning. We so appreciate your time. Thank you, sir.SCOTT: Thank you, Maria. God bless.BARTIROMO: All right, Tim Scott joining us this morning.Now, a wild week in President Trump's so-called hush money trial, where Friday's testimony of Trump ex-lawyer Michael Cohen exposed Cohen to be a liar during cross-examination, persistent questions about his credibility.Throughout the week, several Republican allies attended the trial to support the 45th president, including North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum, who is also on President Trump's short list for his V.P. running mate, called -- he called it election interference.Joining me now, the man himself with more on the trial and President Trump's White House bid, is North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum.Thanks very much, Governor, for being here this morning.GOV. DOUG BURGUM (R-ND): Good morning, Maria. Great to be with you.BARTIROMO: You heard Bobby Kennedy at the top of the show. He wants to be on the debate stage. Should he?BURGUM: Well, I think, President Trump has said, if he qualifies, he should be on. But it'll be a great opportunity to expose him as the Green New Deal, spending, liberal Democrat that he is.And President Trump versus two Democrats, I think, would be a -- American people would enjoy watching that.BARTIROMO: Do you share the concern about Biden's capacity? Do you think they should take drug tests before the debate?BURGUM: Well, I think the nation has concerns about his capacity, not just during an hour-and-a-half debate, but every single day.And I think that's what this election is going to be about. It's about President Trump is strong, Joe Biden is weak, and it doesn't matter what the topic is, including this week. Joe Biden made some announcements about China tariffs this week, which were incredibly, incredibly weak. And all they were is really just supporting the union votes that he's trying to get, where President Trump was the one who really helped wake up America to the threat that China is to our country.BARTIROMO: Yes, let's talk about those -- those tariffs, because we haven't really seen Joe Biden get tough on China at all throughout this 3.5-year period. I mean, for God's sakes, they had a surveillance balloon travel the country and they didn't take it down until the Carolinas.We have had fentanyl flowing into America and the underlying components come from China, obviously COVID leaking from a lab, a COVID cover-up. We have had no accountability whatsoever. And now we see that President Biden isn't putting in these tariffs in place.Why are you against these tariffs, when you know President Trump was even heavier on tariffs and sanctions against China?BURGUM: Well, I'm not against them, Maria. It's just -- it's just interesting that Joe Biden, in this election year, he's the one that complained about the -- Trump's tariffs.He's the one that said, if I'm elected, I will get rid of him. And now he's trying to do kind of a head-fake and say, oh, I'm actually strong on China. I'm going to add a few tariffs.But it's only 4 percent of what -- of what President Trump did. I mean, we're talking a few billion, versus President Trump had tariffs on over $300 billion of Chinese goods. That was a real blow to the Chinese and the Chinese economy.What Joe Biden is, he's protecting industries that are his voting blocs. He's trying to protect unions in America, whether they're in auto or steel. That's what he's trying to do. And it's not going to be effective at all. And it's all just political pandering on him. And his administration, when they go to China, all they talk about is climate.And China is the world's largest polluter and becomes a bigger polluter every two weeks as they open up a coal plant. And they're the largest importer of oil and gas in the world. They have to import food every day. We have all kinds of levers. We could walk softly and carry a big stick, as Theodore Roosevelt said, because we have got food security, we have got energy security.And Joe Biden and his Cabinet never even addressed these issues with China. President Trump will do that, as he did before, because he's respected. They respect what he is, and he will bring the heat to be able to negotiate with China. Joe Biden's not delivering on that.BARTIROMO: What value do you believe you bring to the ticket if you are, in fact, named the V.P. candidate?BURGUM: Well, I don't think it's about that. I think that this election is about the top of the ticket.And I'm not supporting and campaigning for President Trump for a Cabinet position or a V.P. As a governor of an energy-producing state, I can tell you, America, every American, we can't take four more years of Joe Biden because we're crushing U.S. energy production. We're crushing the U.S. economy.Energy is what's driving inflation in America. And inflation is killing every American. And Joe Biden doesn't understand the economy.BARTIROMO: Yes.BURGUM: The guy's never created a job. He was elected to the Senate before I was able to vote.And so President Trump is the key to this whole thing. And that's what we have got to be focused on between now and November is getting him back in the White House.BARTIROMO: Well, similar vein, he hadn't done anything about the wide-open border. And now suddenly we're hearing leaks that he may do an executive order. Would that change anything in terms of your confidence in Joe Biden?BURGUM: No, I mean, it's a disaster.I have been down to the border myself.BARTIROMO: Yes.BURGUM: We have had not -- I'm not down there for a photo shoot. I'm down there because we have had North Dakota National Guard helping to support our Border Patrol...BARTIROMO: Yes.BURGUM: ... and help to protect this country.BARTIROMO: All right.BURGUM: But it's a -- it's a disaster down there.BARTIROMO: Governor, it's good to see you this morning. We will be watching your work.Thank you, sir, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum.BURGUM: Thank you.BARTIROMO: Thank you.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): We believe we found a new account. I don't think you would find very many people that have a billion-dollar net worth that have as many different bank accounts as this Biden family had. Many of these were shell companies, as you and I have discussed, Maria, companies that's sole purpose was to launder the money that the Bidens were receiving from China, from Romania, from Russia.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And that is the chairman of the Oversight Committee in the House, James Comer, with me this week on "Mornings With Maria" on FOX Business, as the investigation into the Biden family's business dealings continues.Chairman Comer telling me exclusively that he issued a subpoena this week to a financial institution for more information related to Hunter Biden, James Biden, and Sara Biden after receiving key documents from one-time business associate Devon Archer.Comer is calling the Biden family business money -- business money laundering, bribery and influence peddling. FOX Business called the White House for a response, but we did not hear back.Meanwhile, Hunter Biden is preparing to stand trial next month on both federal gun and tax charges. If convicted on all charges in both cases, the first son could face up to 42 years in prison.Joining me now with more, in this "Sunday Morning Futures" exclusive, is Congresswoman Anna Paulina Luna and Congressman Byron Donalds. Both are members of the House Oversight Committee.Thanks very much for being here to you both. We have got a lot to get to with both of you.And I want to start with you, Congressman Byron Donalds, and get your take on where this investigation stands. Your committee just sent another subpoena to a major bank, according to James Comer. What specifically are you looking into?REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): Well, specifically, Maria, what we're going to try to get to are the transaction flows once again from Hunter Biden and James Biden to potentially Joe Biden himself.One of our key concerns at the beginning of this is that they were paying for items for Joe Biden, so they didn't have to actually give Joe Biden money. We want to be able to go through those transactions to see if that is actually the case.BARTIROMO: Well, Anna Paulina Luna, we have been following this story now for a couple of years. And, in the meantime, you have got this trial of President Trump and 91 indictments.I want to get your take on the Judge Juan Merchan's and his daughter allegedly having ties to the Democrats. How do you see this trial playing out right now in New York City for President Trump?REP. ANNA PAULINA LUNA (R-FL): You know, if the American people were in the courtroom the way that we were and could see what we saw, I think that they would also realize that this is nothing but a Biden-targeted trial in an attempt to smear the president before the upcoming election cycle.But, Maria, I want to point out something really important to note. In that courtroom, they played actually recordings of Cohen saying that the New York justice system was completely corrupt. And you could see Merchan moving in his seat, not to mention you mentioned something really important.Judge Merchan's daughter is raising funds for a lot of these Democrats that are then turning around and using House Oversight in order to try to investigate and change the topic of discussion away from the president and his son's business dealings. And so it's very interesting to me.But, again, Maria, I think the president's going to win. He's in great spirits. And he has an incredible defense team that's really exposing this for what it is, which is a sham.BARTIROMO: Byron Donalds, how do you see it? You were there as well supporting President Trump at the Manhattan trial. What can you tell us?DONALDS: I agree with my colleague 100 percent. This trial is a joke.Judge Merchan, he is -- has major conflicts of interest. People forget he donated to Joe Biden directly. It is very rare for a judge to make political contributions. This judge has donated to the political rival of Donald Trump. He should be off the case.But, even bigger than that, when you look at all the evidence, or lack thereof, brought by the prosecution, you realize there's no crime here. So Judge Merchan should do the right thing. He should throw this case out now. But I believe there is probably going to be at least one, two, maybe three jurors who are looking at this information.They're also looking at the fact that Michael Cohen cannot be trusted. The man is a liar. He's been conflicted on the stand, caught in lies on the stand. I believe that Donald Trump's going to be victorious. But it's a shame what they have done to the judicial system in New York.BARTIROMO: Do you think that the Supreme Court is watching this and taking all of this in, as it continues to debate whether or not President Trump has presidential immunity?I mean, if you're looking at this now and you have got a question of whether somebody has presidential immunity, do you want to keep doing this every cycle, where one president is take -- trying to take down its political enemy? Do you think that is part of the Supreme Court's thinking here?DONALDS: Well, I will give it to Anna...(CROSSTALK)LUNA: Most certainly. I think that's what's happening right now...BARTIROMO: Sorry. Go ahead, Anna. Anna, go ahead.LUNA: Yes, absolutely.I was going to say that I think what we're seeing right now is that they realize that they're not able to win on the actual issues, so they're trying to activate their courtroom activists, which is what I call them, around the country. And also, too, I think that there is an aspect that they're trying to financially target and drain President Trump in an effort to throw him off his ability to focus on the election cycle.But I don't think that he's going to need that. The American people, starting with the first time that they got a mug shot of President Trump, I think that they realize it is what it is, which is why you're seeing a massive shift with a lot of these people that typically stayed out of the election cycles.But, Maria, when we're up there in New York City, and then we're coming back to our own hearing rooms to mark up contempt for the A.G., because the A.G. is covering for the president and not wanting to actually release those Hur tapes to us, I think it just goes to show that the DOJ can't really be trusted to do their job.So, as Congress, although it feels like an uphill battle, we're going to be holding them accountable.BARTIROMO: Well, I mean, this is really an important point that you make.And, Congressman Byron Donalds, that's what I want to get from you as well. I mean, people are looking at this and thinking, who are we going to trust? How can we trust a DOJ that's trying to take down the president's opponent? I mean, are you going to actually be able to get any accountability?Because I have said this many times. People are so tired of the hearing, so tired of the letters, so tired of the complaining. They want accountability.DONALDS: Well, look, the ultimate accountability comes this November at the ballot box.People have to remember that, when Donald Trump was president, he did not turn the Department of Justice or the federal agencies into political hit men against Hillary Clinton or against Joe Biden or anybody else. He did not do that. He actually followed the law.This is the radical Democrat Party that has abused our institutions. And they are the ones that are leading to the demise of our constitutional republic. So, accountability starts there.But, on Capitol Hill, my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle, we got to get serious about this. If there are agencies that you know are highly political, are doing unconstitutional actions, they need to be defunded. We can't be afraid of that. We got to do what's right on Capitol Hill.BARTIROMO: Well, you make a great point, and that's really the fight within the GOP right now, right? And Marjorie Taylor Greene keeps pushing that she wants a new speaker, so that you don't have everything happening the way it's been done.But let me go back to the debates for a moment here, because you were both at the State of the Union address, right?DONALDS: Yes.LUNA: I was actually at home, but I know that my colleague, Byron, was, yes.BARTIROMO: OK, so what did you see when you were at the State of the Union? You heard what your colleague Greg Murphy said. He's the head of the Doctors Caucus.He says -- quote -- "Joe Biden was jacked up." Now you have got President Trump saying he wants drug testing. Should there be drug testing before these debates?DONALDS: Maria, I will tell you, I absolutely agree with that. There should. You could tell that Joe Biden comes in, he's jacked up, and then, as the hour goes by, he slowly winds down.So the American people need to understand if they're giving him some injection so that he can actually look like he's coherent and he's with us, because the other parts of the time, he's not. This is why we want to get the Hur tapes, because, obviously, during that session with Robert Hur, things did not go well. The American people need to understand, what is the true mental capacity of Joe Biden?BARTIROMO: Well, I just want to say, look, these are obviously very serious charges that he's jacked up. We don't know. We're not doctors. We have no idea.Now, the GOP Doctors Caucus chairman did say: I have experienced this and I know this for sure.But, I mean, how are you going to know? So you're saying, yes, we should have drug testing?LUNA: Maria, I think that we need to. I think that we're talking about someone who has the ability to launch nukes.And, frankly, Rep. (INAUDIBLE) actually made a great point, in that the reason why we're fighting so hard to hear these actual audio recordings of the president during his interview is because we need to ensure that this individual is essentially capable of not just leading this country, but he can make those tough decisions.BARTIROMO: OK.LUNA: And, frankly, I'm not trying to be funny here. We don't necessarily trust that he can do that right now.BARTIROMO: Real quick, before we go, Congressman Donalds, you are also on the short list of President Trump for V.P. candidate. What would you say you bring to the table, should you be that person?DONALDS: Maria, honestly, I just want to win. And I think that, no matter who President Trump picks, the focus has to be on uniting our party and beating the Democrats.I was in New Hampshire Friday, Wisconsin Saturday. Doesn't matter where we go, whether -- who's on that list. We need to be focused on victory. That's what I'm looking at. Let's go win in '24.BARTIROMO: All right, great to see you both.Thanks very much, Florida Representative Anna Paulina Luna, Byron Donalds. Thank you so much, Congressman and Congresswoman.We will be right back. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT COSTELLO, FORMER LEGAL ADVISER TO MICHAEL COHEN: I said: "Michael, the way this works is, if you have truthful information about Donald Trump -- that's clearly what they're looking for -- I can have all your legal problems solved by the end of the week."His response: "I swear to God, Bob, I don't have anything on Donald Trump."(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: That was Michael Cohen's former legal adviser Robert Costello testifying before the House Weaponization Committee on Capitol Hill Wednesday about his interactions with President Trump's former lawyer as Cohen was on the stand in Trump's hush money trial.Cohen is expected to be back on the witness stand in Trump's New York trial tomorrow to resume that testimony, which has largely been panned by legal analysts.Joining me now with reaction in all of this is national press secretary for the Trump campaign Karoline Leavitt.Karoline, thanks very much for being here. I want to get your reaction to all that we have talked about this morning.But, first, are you expecting the Trump defense team to call Robert Costello to testify in the actual trial?KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP CAMPAIGN NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY: Well, it is possible that our defense team calls Mr. Costello to testify this week. That is up to the judge to approve that.However, what I will say is, I'm not even allowed to comment on what Mr. Costello just said in that clip that you played because of the unconstitutional gag order that the judge has imposed on not only President Trump in this case, but also our entire campaign team.We have been sitting in that courtroom for four weeks now, Maria, and the prosecution hasn't even come close to committing a crime -- to proving a crime, because President Trump never committed a crime. They have known that all along. This judge knows that.This case is only going forward because it's being pushed by a Democrat judge, a Democrat district attorney, and, ultimately, Joe Biden, as election interference in an attempt to weaken President Trump ahead of the next election. But it's not working.If you look at the polls, the American public see this case for what it is. It's a witch-hunt. And they want Joe Biden's focus on the issues that matter to them, such as inflation and immigration, which he can't be trusted on.BARTIROMO: Well, you have been in that courtroom most days. Do you believe President Trump will get a fair jury?LEAVITT: Well, that's part of the reason this case was brought in downtown Manhattan, because the Democrats know that it's nearly impossible to get a truly fair and impartial jury in a Democrat jurisdiction that voted for Joe Biden 80 percent to 20 percent in the last election.BARTIROMO: Wow. Wow.LEAVITT: However, the prosecution's case is so weak that it's very hard to imagine that anyone can look at this and think that President Trump is truly guilty of a crime, because he is not.BARTIROMO: OK.Karoline, stay right there. We have got more with you coming up.Quick break, and then more with Trump campaign national press secretary Karoline Leavitt.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Welcome back.And I'm back with Trump campaign national press secretary Karoline Leavitt.Karoline, you may have heard my interview at the top of the show with RFK Jr. He took a few shots at Trump. He wants to be on that debate stage. He said: These two people shut down the economy, drove up the debt. I should be on the campaign stage because I am eligible. What does Trump feel about that?LEAVITT: President Trump has said he has absolutely no problem with RFK Jr. being on that debate stage, even though RFK Jr. is not polling very well.But it's Joe Biden who has the real issue with RFK Jr. participating in these debates, because Joe Biden knows that RFK Jr. pulls more votes from him than he does from President Trump. That's because RFK Jr. is a radical leftist. He campaigned for Obama and Hillary in the past election cycles.BARTIROMO: OK.LEAVITT: He supports a 70 percent income tax on the American people. His energy agenda is more on brand with communist China than the United States of America.BARTIROMO: Real quick. Real quick, Karoline.LEAVITT: He's a radical leftist. But President Trump has no problem debating him.BARTIROMO: Will Trump do the debate even if Joe Biden doesn't take a drug test, yes or no?LEAVITT: He will be there any time, anywhere, any place.BARTIROMO: OK. Karoline, thank you.Karoline Leavitt.That will do it for us. I will see you tomorrow morning on FOX Business.