JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, for more on this and a lot of other issues, let's bring in Arkansas Governor Sarah Sanders.Good to have you here, Gov.(CROSSTALK)ROBERTS: So let's go in the Wayback Machine to 2017...(LAUGHTER)ROBERTS: ... when you, as press secretary, were handling all of this stuff.You lived through it with -- in the campaign as well. What do you make of what's going on in court?GOV. SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS (R-AR): You know, I think this is something that has been addressed ad nauseam. And I feel like this is the Democrats' attempt to continue to criminalize politics.They know they can't beat Trump on the economy. They can't beat him on the border. They can't beat him on foreign policy. So this is their distraction of the day, their controversy to create -- any time they can take people's attention off of this race and the head-to-head matchup they have going on, they think they have a better shot.Donald Trump continues to dominate Joe Biden in the polls, because he wins on the issues that people vote on. This is another one of their distractions. And I think that the American people, frankly, they have seen this movie. They're ready to move on. They're ready for the Democrats to actually talk about the issues at hand.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Well, unfortunately for the former president, we are now seeing cracks in the polls that show where voters who already support him will stand should he be convicted in this case.And for the first time, those polls are showing some slippage. This may count against him with some people that make up his base. Is that a concern?HUCKABEE SANDERS: I think the president's support has never been more solid and more enthusiastic.If you look, every time he steps into public, he does so to crowds cheering and chanting his name and cheering for the country. We have never seen anything like that for a political figure, certainly not in my lifetime. And that has been steady for him since he came down the escalator in Trump Tower. That has never waned.I don't expect that it will now. But now people are looking at the contrast of two people who have served in the same role. One has a record of success when it comes to the economy, when it comes to securing the border, when it comes to keeping our world safe.One of those individuals, Donald Trump, has a great story to tell. And one comes from a total position of weakness.ROBERTS: Yes.HUCKABEE SANDERS: And I think, when people look at that matchup, Donald Trump wins all day, every day.ROBERTS: So I want to ask you about an issue that is very important to you in the state of Arkansas, and it's getting an awful lot of attention across the country.And that is this whole issue with Title IX, the Biden administration's rewrite of it. They took it from 37 words to 1,500 pages. You signed an executive order saying that the state of Arkansas was not going to comply with the changes.It said in part -- quote -- "Specific Arkansas laws outlined in the order" -- this is according to an Axios article -- "bans students from using a multiple occupancy changing area not consistent with the sex on their birth certificate, prohibits requirements to use a student's preferred pronouns without parental permission, and bans transgender girls from female- designated sports leagues."You had Riley Gaines, who's been a frequent guest on this program, with you when you signed all of this. What's your intent here to be so in the face of this president?HUCKABEE SANDERS: Well, I don't think it has anything to do with in the face of this president, but he is letting our women, something that I feel like people have fought for, for decades to provide fairness in girls' sports, opportunities in scholarships, protection for our young athletes, and, all of a sudden, they're erasing all of that and putting our daughters in harm's way.I have a 12-year-old daughter who plays sports. John, you have a daughter.ROBERTS: Mm-hmm.HUCKABEE SANDERS: Do you want them exposed to these types of things? I don't think there's a parent...ROBERTS: Yes, she plays lacrosse.HUCKABEE SANDERS: Yes, I don't think there's a parent in the country who sees what they're doing with Title IX and says, yes, I think this is a good idea.It is an absolute outrage. And my question is, where are the feminists? Why are they not the maddest, most angry group of people fighting back against the crazy policies of this administration?I think Arkansas is the first of what will be many states that push back against these new rules and new interpretation of Title IX, and I certainly hope and expect that to happen.TURNER: The folks on the other side of this issue that you just mentioned tend to advocate -- tend to come at this as advocating for LGBTQ, trans rights.Do you see this issue -- like, big picture, when you're thinking about this when you're at home and thinking about the things that matter to you, right, do you frame it in your mind as pitting women's rights against trans rights, or do you see it in a different light?HUCKABEE SANDERS: Not at all. We're not against anybody, but we are very much for protecting women, and particularly young girls who want to play sports, who want opportunities for that.I don't think any child should be exposed to someone of the opposite sex against their will in a locker room because they want to play volleyball or lacrosse. The idea that we're allowing that to happen, to me, is insane, and I don't see how anybody can make a true, justifiable argument for that.ROBERTS: Yes, critics say the Title IX was originally enacted to protect the rights of women in education and activities, and now it's been rewritten to protect the rights of biological men in women's education and activities.HUCKABEE SANDERS: Yes, I mean, my biggest thing is that we cannot allow them to completely erase an entire gender.To me, it's very clear there are two genders. There are men. There are women. It's been that way since literally the beginning of time, when God created Earth, and we cannot erase one in favor of another.ROBERTS: Governor, it's always great to see you.HUCKABEE SANDERS: Great to see you. Thanks for having me.ROBERTS: Thank you for dropping by.TURNER: Thank you for coming in.ROBERTS: Hope to see you again soon.HUCKABEE SANDERS: You bet.ROBERTS: All right.