SEAN DUFFY, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Good Sunday morning, everyone, and welcome to "Sunday Morning Futures." I'm Sean Duffy, in for Maria Bartiromo.Today: expanding the base, former President Trump spending the week reaching out to thousands in deep blue New York City and Libertarians in Washington. The message was clear: The economy and the border, it matters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: They call it the Biden migrant invasion, and it's wrong. It's immoral. And the vast majority of New Yorkers agree with me that this is unacceptable.We -- it's unacceptable. We must stop it.Trump's drill, baby, drill, approach fostered energy independence, which we have never had before.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Low fuel and electricity prices helped moderate inflation and propel economic growth. But all of these things have now skyrocket -- they have skyrocketed to levels never seen.Inflation has hit us harder than it's probably ever hit us before, and people are suffering because of it.(END VIDEO CLIP)DUFFY: Meantime, the left in the Senate wasting time with another failed vote on a failed border bill that got even less support from Democrats than the first vote three months ago.And while we hear President Biden claim the economy is just great, listen to one CEO tell Maria about how inflation under Biden is hurting car owners and homeowners.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEFFREY GUNDLACH, CEO, DOUBLELINE CAPITAL: What's really driving things has been auto insurance and shelter, things like this.Like, used cars, what percentage of the population does used cars pertain to?MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Mm-hmm.GUNDLACH: I know it pertains to big rental car companies that buy and then sell them out, but how many -- what percentage of population is affected by used car inflation on a personal level?I don't know, single digits.BARTIROMO: Right.GUNDLACH: Well, what about auto insurance? Well, you're forced to buy auto insurance. And you have to renew it every six months.BARTIROMO: That's good. That's going to affect a lot of people.GUNDLACH: And that's running up at about 20 percent year over year and six months annualized.What about homeowners insurance? Homeowners insurance is way up too. Now, you don't have to have, by law, homeowners insurance, but most people, for peace of mind -- they don't want a catastrophe in their life. Homeowners insurance, all of these things are up tremendously, the things you have to buy.(END VIDEO CLIP)DUFFY: We will talk to Senator Ron Johnson.Plus, Maria talks to Motorola CEO Greg Brown on the economy and the threat of China stealing intellectual property.Also, Trump heads to North Carolina today to go to NASCAR's Coca-Cola 600, but, in less than 48 hours, he's back in a New York City courtroom for closing arguments in his criminal trial. Trump legal spokesperson Alina Habba joins us to discuss.And President Biden speaks to West Point graduates this weekend at a time when critics say he is making us less safe abroad and right here at home, this as we learn that Hamas fired rockets into Tel Aviv for the first time in months.Congressman and Army vet Brian Mast talks to us about this and his reflections on this Memorial Day weekend, all right here, right now on "Sunday Morning Futures."We begin with chaos at the southern border.Our FOX cameras are seeing more Chinese and Turkish immigrants crossing into the country. Listen to one Turkish migrant say Americans should be worried by how easy it is to cross.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Did you have to pay a cartel?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: How much?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Around $10,000.MELUGIN: Ten thousand?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. In fact, the American people is right, completely true. Who come into this country? They don't know. Well, OK, I'm good, but how if they're not good? How they're killer, psychopath, else?MELUGIN: Mm-hmm.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No guarantee of that. Why? Like, no -- no security -- no security check, no background check.(END VIDEO CLIP)DUFFY: Democrats in the Senate wasting America's time last week with a gimmicky failed vote on the same border bill that was rejected just last February.Candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. told Maria it's time to take immediate action.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Would you move to deport the 10 million illegals that are in this country on Joe Biden's watch?ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR., PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I would shut down the border overnight. And I have been to the border. Everybody there is confident. The -- I have spoken to Border Patrol, local law enforcement, people on both sides of the border, local hospitals and local officials.And everybody is confident that we can shut the -- this border overnight, which is destroying our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)DUFFY: Joining us now, Senator Ron Johnson from the great state, maybe the greatest state, Wisconsin.Senator, good to see you.Listen, we heard this Turkish migrant talk about there's no security checks, there's no background checks at the southern border. And so, as we look at the failed border bill, which was -- as you and I both know, was not a border bill at all that Joe Biden and Chuck Schumer brought to the floor in February, they brought it back again this week.No changes, no new negotiation with Republicans to actually create a bill that's going to secure a border. It appears that this is just more political theater.SEN. RON JOHNSON (R-WI): Good morning, Sean. Hope you and your family are doing well.What people need to understand is, the border is 100 percent secure on the Mexican side. The human traffickers, the drug cartels completely control -- so, yes, RFK Jr. is right. We could secure the border. The problem is, Democrats don't want to. They want an open border. They caused this problem.That bill literally codified an awful lot of President Biden's open border policy. And that's a huge problem. The Democrats, when they say they want a secure border, all they're interested in doing is making it more efficient to encounter, process, and disperse.So they're talking about, after the election, if they gain all control, that they're going to put forward an immigration reform package. Well, you already see what Democrat immigration reform is. It's called an open border, codifying 4,000 or 5,000 people per day.And, remember, President Obama said 2,000 a day was a humanitarian crisis. It was. We have experienced, last December, over 10,000 people on average per day. Under Biden, it's been over 7,000 people per day entering this country illegally. The vast majority do not have a valid asylum claim.So, again, that's Democrat governance. That's their open border policy. They want an open border. They caused the problem. Biden has the authority to close the border. He just doesn't want to use it.DUFFY: Well, so, Senator, to that point, we know that Joe Biden signed over 90 executive orders undoing Trump policy on the southern border, in essence, opening up to this massive migration that we have seen in the country.And so Karine Jean-Pierre, the press secretary for Joe Biden, was asked about why Joe Biden isn't doing more. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION: -- doing anything.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: But why should he have to do it unilaterally? Why shouldn't we do it in a legislative way?And let's not forget, that negotiated --(CROSSTALK)QUESTION: .. undo some of --JEAN-PIERRE: Wait. So, you're right. He took many executive actions before.But in order to deal with what's happening at the border, you need legislation. You need it to happen in a bipartisan way.(END VIDEO CLIP)DUFFY: And that's true. You need a bipartisan bill that secures the border.Again, they have done nothing to sit down with Republicans and figure out a policy that's truly going to secure the border. Have they looked at the House's H.R.2 that truly works to secure the border? They have done nothing and refused to do anything, because, to your point, they want these open borders.JOHNSON: What she said is completely false.In 2018, the Supreme Court decision, the Supreme Court said current law exudes deference to the executive branch. President Trump used his executive order authority. He closed the border. Biden used that exact same executive authority and opened it up.So he has executive authority. He just doesn't want to use it. So what they're saying is completely false. Listen, we would have been happy to strengthen that authority.DUFFY: Yes.JOHNSON: We could have revisited the court decision that made the Flores settlement apply to accompanied children, as well as unaccompanied children. We could have reversed that. We would have strengthened the authority.But that's not what they wanted. They wanted to codify 4,000 to 5,000 people a day. And, even worse, they would have reduced the authority of a president who actually wanted to secure the border by setting that threshold at 4,000 discretionary, implying that the president doesn't have the authority.They're going to grant that discretion. And then they're going to take it away after three years. That's why that bill was worse than doing nothing.DUFFY: You know, let's talk about the risk again.So, just to recap, last year, there was over three million migrants that came into the country. Just this year alone, fiscal year 2024, seven months in, we're already at two million people crossing our border. Under Joe Biden's term, there's been over 1.5 million got-aways, people we don't know who they are.And, to your point you have made in the past, Ron, there's probably more than that 1.5 million. We now have Chinese flooding into the country. And just recently, we had two Jordanians who were here illegally trying to cross into the Marine Corps base in Quantico.Again, this poses real threats to our country. How does your committee, the Homeland Security Committee, assess this risk that Joe Biden has foisted under the American people?JOHNSON: Well, under Democrats, we have not held one hearing at the full committee level addressing the border.We have had Mayorkas in, and he just dodges our questions. So they're not serious about doing this. And just to prove that point, one of their lead negotiators said the border never closes under this bill. And the majority leader, when those negotiations failed, here was his quote. We're playing chess, they're playing checkers, and we got our Ukraine bill, and we're in a better shape on the border than we were three months ago.So, first of all, if you're negotiating in good faith, would you rub your negotiating partners' nose in failure like that, saying that we're playing chess, they're playing checkers? Secondly, if you were are really serious about securing the border, they didn't get a bill.And why would Schumer say he's in better shape on the border than he was three months ago? It's because all he was looking for is political cover. They're not serious about securing the border. They want an open border. People need to understand that about the Democrats.DUFFY: It was political cover, because even more Democrats voted against that Senate bill last week than they did in February.I want to pivot and switch gears, because Dr. David Morens -- he's the top adviser to Fauci -- we just learned this week that he was deleting e-mails at NIH. So he also referenced in one of those e-mails that he was concerned that Senator Ron Johnson was requesting information on what they were doing on COVID and gain of function.How do you react to the deletion of e-mails that the American people are actually entitled to? This is our work product. They are our employees. We're entitled to the e-mails. You ask for them. They deleted them.JOHNSON: Well, this is just further evidence of the complete corruption of our federal health agencies. And that's what it is.We have known that Senator -- that Anthony Fauci has been covering up his involvement in funding gain of function research, probably resulted in the coronavirus. He's known about that. FOIA -- and, again, you shouldn't require these federal -- these FOIA requests.Congress has oversight authority that the administration completely ignores, but FOIA -- by FOIAed documents, we got about 4,000 of his e- mails. They were incredibly incriminating. We requested 400 of those unredacted. And we have gotten 350 pages of those. We're down the last 50 pages for the last two years.They will not give us the final 50 pages of Anthony Fauci's e-mails that must really be incriminating information in those. But, again, these health agencies are completely opaque. They're not transparent. They're not honest. They're not providing the American public the transparency the American public deserves.DUFFY: And it had massive impacts on Americans' lives during the COVID pandemic. We're entitled to know what they were thinking and what their plans were.I want to pivot to this, because it's Memorial Day weekend. A lot of families are hitting the road, traveling to see friends or family members. Gas prices are spiking. Joe Biden, in response to that, has released another one million barrels of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.Again, he sees the politics of gas prices, but this is pretty simple, Senator. Just support American oil and gas and their drilling, as opposed to Joe Biden and Democrats attacking American oil and gas. You don't have to release a million barrels from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Just pump more oil. Pump more gas.JOHNSON: Absolutely.Use our own God-given natural resources.DUFFY: Yes.JOHNSON: And stop this massive deficit spending.Sean, there have been studies now that show that an average American family is spending more than $1,000 per month just to maintain their standard of living because of Biden's inflation. Now, I have seen surveys. Anywhere from a third to two-thirds of Americans can't afford a $400 emergency. They don't have that much savings.How can they possibly afford $1,000 a month? They can't. That's why people are pretty ornery. And I hope they connect the dots and realize this is because of Democrat governance, the Biden administration, and I hope they throw them out of office.DUFFY: Well, the polling would show that Americans are suffering under Joe Biden's economy. And, frankly, they blame Joe Biden for this economy.Senator Ron Johnson, always a pleasure to see you. Thanks for being with us on "Sunday Morning Futures." Appreciate it.JOHNSON: Have a good day.DUFFY: All right, up next: Former President Trump goes back into the courtroom. His legal team gets one more chance to poke holes in the prosecution's case before the jury gets to decide.Trump's legal spokesperson, Alina Habba, she's here next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)DUFFY: Welcome back.On Tuesday, former President Trump's defense team and Manhattan DA Alvin Bragg's team will begin closing arguments in the Trump v. New York trial. Then, Judge Juan Merchan, he's going to provide the critical instructions to the jury on what the applicable law is in the case.Joining us now, Trump legal spokesperson Alina Habba.Alina, good to see you.So, again, all the evidence is in. On Tuesday, we're going to see summation or closing arguments. The jury is going to be instructed as to the law. What is your read on the case, but also your read on the instructions that are going to be given to the jury?ALINA HABBA, ATTORNEY FOR FORMER PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: The instructions we have been going back and forth with are going to be finally tweeted.The concern with the instructions, which is, frankly, the most critical part --DUFFY: Yes.HABBA: -- they have no facts. Let's be clear, I sat through this trial.And I would tell you if I was concerned on factual basis. But, as I have said -- and I'm not speaking now to posture for the president, but just generally, as an attorney, as an American who understands the law and how to apply laws to facts, there are no facts that support this alleged crime.We're not even sure what the crime is. So it's a books and records issue. We have to make sure that the jury charges that Judge Merchan, who, again, we have said is severely conflicted for reasons that I can't speak to because of the unconstitutional gag order.But this judge is the judge that determines the jury instructions. The jury instructions are the road map for non-attorneys and jurors to follow the law. It's going to be critical. And, frankly, at this point, I have zero confidence in the fact that this person, who should not be sitting on the bench right now, will do the right thing and give jury instructions that are in an appropriate manner without any persuasion towards the prosecution.There's my biggest concern. It always has been. There was no case. As we saw, the taxpayer dollars have been wasted for eight years for a case that has passed the statute of limitations, that doesn't exist, in a political campaign to take down Trump.So now you have held jurors for five weeks. We have been sitting here. We saw no facts. And the last resort for the prosecution is going to be this judge with political motivations going to give them instructions on how to decide the fate of a former president and the future president of the United States.DUFFY: Well, listen, as we have watched this case unfold, it's interesting.There's been so much irrelevant evidence presented to the jury. I think it's going to be important --HABBA: Yes.DUFFY: -- for team Trump to simplify this case and apply it to the facts that are given. I think that's going to be the mission at hand on Tuesday.HABBA: Yes.DUFFY: I spent 10 years in the courtroom. And I have never seen a judge say, we're going to wait a week after the evidence closes to actually do closing arguments and then give jury instructions.This is unheard of. But I'm going to tell you what. There's a silver lining in this, Alina. Donald Trump needs a juror or jurors who are driven by justice to fight for him. I don't want a juror on Thursday or Friday going into Memorial Day weekend to go, you know what, I got a party going on. I want to end this case early.So, starting on Tuesday, there's nothing on the calendar. We're not going into a holiday weekend. I think it could bode well for President Trump for those people on the jury who understand the law and the facts to fight for him and fight for justice. Am I wrong?HABBA: You're not wrong.The only counterargument to that -- and, of course, it's the lawyer in me to give you the counter. But the counterargument to that is, these are not sequestered jurors.DUFFY: True.HABBA: They should have been sequestered, because, in my opinion, these jurors are handling something that is completely unprecedented and unwarranted in America.And for them to be able to be out and about on a holiday weekend with friends and families who have opinions, who are watching the news, TVs on the background at the pool party, I have serious concerns. If they're left- winging and they're watching MSDNC, as my client calls it, or CNN, they're not going to get fair news.They're going to hear -- but, by the way, they have been saying that this case is a hoax, which is shocking. But they know that the jurors are out there listening. And I have concerns about that. Time is -- can be on your side sometimes. You're right there.But, in this instance, I have worries about them going back to whatever friends might have Trump derangement syndrome, forgetting all sense of reality, and coming back and sitting in that box and saying, you know what, I have got to take one for the DNC.I don't want that. I want law to fact, because, if we can get that, we will win, we will not just get a hung jury, we will get an acquittal. So let's see.DUFFY: But you had five weeks where those jurors were probably interacting with those same left-wingers. They got to see Donald Trump in the Bronx, and all the love and support he got from communities that you normally don't see with Donald Trump.HABBA: Yes.DUFFY: I want to pivot to this, because legal expert Alan Dershowitz, he called Judge Merchan a tyrant.HABBA: Yes.DUFFY: And now we have Elise Stefanik, congresswoman from New York, who has filed an ethics complaint against the judge, claiming that he is conflicted because of his daughter who works for the Democrat Party.We might think this -- again, who your family works for, not a big deal, if you have a judge that's fair in the case. But when we see the politics of this case, it does beg the question and the appropriateness of Elise Stefanik filing the ethics complaint against this judge.HABBA: I think there was -- and I can't speak specifically to it. I will only speak generally because of the gag.But there was financial motivation there. That's more critically important. There can't be financial motivation and donations. Look it up, but that's the key issue here. So he 100 percent should have recused. We're past that point.At this point, that's a good issue for an appeal, because the judge refused to recuse himself. But there is no question that it's politically motivated. And there's also no question that their political motivation has hurt the Democratic Party.If you look at President Trump in the Bronx, the people coming out, people that felt that they have been persecuted, coming out in support of this man that they now see as somebody who's a victim of selective prosecution, who's been persecuted because of his politics, no different than going after somebody because of their race or their religion.That is President Trump. They have made him a victim, because they are so aggressively desperate because they have a candidate that cannot win, truly cannot win. He can't win on policies. He can't win on walking up the stairs.So they have to go to desperate measures. And now we're looking at it, and it's hurting them. We have got so much support out there. I can tell you, from my personal life and my experience, I walk on the street, people just keep saying, keep fighting for America. We need our America back.And that's what's happening. It's turning.DUFFY: Yes.HABBA: So I'm hoping for a verdict that makes sense, which should be a complete acquittal.Worst case, if there's politicization, which I'm sure there will be, there should be a hung jury. But I sat there. There was nothing. And I was sitting next to Alan Dershowitz in court when that judge lost his mind and threw the press out. The only time you censor the press is when you don't want them to hear our witness. It's crazy.DUFFY: The American people do have interaction with the criminal justice system, whether it's in the newspaper or friends or family members.And they have looked at this case and they go, I have never heard or seen anything like this. They truly are confused, which is why Donald Trump has gone up in the polls since these charges. It hasn't been the other way around, which Democrats had hoped.Alina Habba, thanks for being with us. We appreciate it.HABBA: Thank you. Happy Memorial Day.DUFFY: Happy Memorial Day. All right.Next: Biden copying Trump to take on China.Maria talks to chairman and CEO of Motorola Solutions Greg Brown on that and how his company is taking action over alleged stealing of its intellectual property.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BARTIROMO: President Biden took a page out of President Trump's playbook this month, announcing $18 billion in new tariffs on imports from China, including steel, solar products, semiconductors, and electric vehicles.My next guest is quite familiar with the threat of China's dumping cheap products and stealing intellectual property, as it is in the middle of a lawsuit against China's Hytera. His company is. He told me recently, they can run, but they cannot hide.And joining me right now with more is the chairman and CEO of Motorola Solutions, Greg Brown, back with me.Greg, it's great to see you.GREG BROWN, CEO, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS: Thanks for having me, Maria.BARTIROMO: So, let's talk about first these tariffs.BROWN: Yes.BARTIROMO: Is that the right move? Is this the answer to tackle China's intellectual property theft and dumping -- dumping of cheap products in the U.S.?BROWN: It's a piece.Now, one of the things -- and you're more familiar than I am about with Washington, D.C., but one of the few things both parties agree with is China. I think Trump and Lighthizer and that administration really put some strenuous restrictions on China in the Trump administration. Biden's continued that.Now, I admittedly am more of a free trade person. However, when you have a market actor that dumps cheap, subsidized product and steals intellectual property, then, in this case, I'm generally in favor in 100 percent tariff increase on E.V.s.While that sounds impressive, 7 percent of people in the U.S. drive an E.V. Two percent of the imported E.V.s are coming from China. So, yes, it's significant, but is it really consequential? I think it's a little bit more symbolic.BARTIROMO: You know, this is such an important point that you're making, because I know that you were one of the first companies in China back in 1986.BROWN: Eighty-six.BARTIROMO: Today, you look at your business, you have barely a footprint there. That took courage and leadership.So many corporations out there today, they say, well, it's the law, so we're going to do it. We're going to sell to 1.4 billion people in China. You're seeing the national security threat and saying no.BROWN: Yes.And I would say -- look, and every company is different. We were one of the very first companies in. We also were one of the very first companies out. It was a conscious decision 15 years ago, because, when we pulled on the thread of our first confrontation back in '08 and '09, and now more currently Hytera, trade secret, patent theft, source code copying, it's egregious.It's systematic, in my view, with the Communist Party, the Chinese Communist Party. Maria, what I would say -- and I think most CEOs know this -- if you have significant technology content or intellectual property, beware. Go think about it, Uber against DiDi, Google against Baidu, Amazon against Alibaba, Apple now dropping prices more recently battling the indigenous provider Huawei, Tesla, who's the largest provider of E.V.s in the world, against BYD.So you can go in China. And, historically, it made sense, but it's a different game now. Now, if you're in other businesses without technology content, Nike selling sneakers, the NBA exporting the game, maybe Starbucks for coffee, I think your risk is more mitigated. But you still have it because China will always prefer, in my opinion, local providers.BARTIROMO: Such an important point, Greg. That is so spot on.And we have talked about this before. The former Director of National Intelligence, DNI, John Ratcliffe --BROWN: Yes.BARTIROMO: -- told me that the Chinese Communist Party strategy is very clear. It's rob, replicate, replace, period. Rob, replicate, replace.BROWN: Mm-hmm.BARTIROMO: That's what they want to do to Motorola Solutions.Tell me why you are suing Hytera right now. You're in the middle of a lawsuit.BROWN: We're in the middle of a lawsuit. It's seven years and counting. They have already been convicted. They stole patents. They stole trade secrets. They copied source code.They were former employees that, as they were exiting our I.T. system, triggered significant information and data download. And it's now concluded where they owe us actually now, including royalties, over $600 million.Now, Maria, that's a civil case. In parallel, the DOJ is beginning to hear the case in Q4 this year on a 21-count criminal indictment against Hytera. Hytera is a bad actor. They're a bad company. They stole.It's offensive. And we will go all the way, as I have told you, to the mat to defend our position. They owe us over $600 million. I think about $60 million is sitting in escrow. They are going through a final step of an appeal.BARTIROMO: Do you believe that Hytera officials are going back to government officials and saying, here's what we learned, here's what we have got from Motorola Solutions?Is that what's happening? Is this the CCP?BROWN: Well, I think, in my opinion, companies, either SOEs, state-owned enterprises, or companies like Huawei and Hytera that are not officially designated SOEs. as you know, I'm not sure there's any bright line between an independent company and the CCP.So, I believe it's commingled. I can't speak specifically to what happened with whom or where, but do I believe there's an interdependency and an entanglement between the Chinese Communist Party and independent tech companies in China? I do.BARTIROMO: What's incredible to me is that they did it from within your company.There were Chinese nationals working at Motorola. What happened?BROWN: They were in Malaysia.And after they decided to leave Motorola, they were taking a whole set of thumb drives for data download on source code, patents and trade secrets to go to Hytera, to then replicate new products and put -- because, look, Motorola Solutions, you know we do public safety and enterprise, public safety and physical security.So we are the largest mission-critical radio communications provider for public safety or enterprise use. And the Chinese Communist Party, in this case, I think, Hytera, wants to replicate that I.P. It's much easier to steal it than it is to develop it.And that's what they did. And we caught them.BARTIROMO: How did you catch them?BROWN: It was because of an unparalleled amount of data that was streaming.And the I.T. people said, well, wait a minute, what is being taken here? Because this -- we measure normal information traffic, what you're doing online, not specifically, but in volume. And this was an inordinate amount of data withdrawal. And that's what triggered the investigation.BARTIROMO: Greg, you have done such a masterful job in leading Motorola Solutions.Years ago, you made a pivot, you made a decision to make the company smaller --BROWN: Yes.BARTIROMO: -- to focus on public safety, public security.BROWN: Yes.BARTIROMO: Big portion of your customers, what, local police?BROWN: Mm-hmm.BARTIROMO: Tell me about the backdrop, the customer base of Motorola Solutions and how your business has changed.BROWN: So, we used to be a conglomerate. We had six different divisions. At our peak, Motorola was over $40 billion in revenue.I just looked at this. We basically split the company up and monetized and divested all of the other divisions. Now, the big decision was to get out of the cell phone business. Now, the identity of Motorola, they invented the cell phone. They commercialized the cell phone, StarTAC, Razr, DynaTAC. It was the identity of the company.So the decision to split and part ways was a big one. Now, by the way, I remember having a conversation. By the way, Maria, this was pre-Android, pre-iPhone. So there wasn't an iPhone and there wasn't smartphones.BARTIROMO: Wow.BROWN: But I said, what Motorola historically has done, outstanding innovation, superb.But they typically do it in consumer electronics, and then we can't compete on scale or low cost. We invented elements of the portable TV. We invented the pager. We invented the car radio. We invented the cell phone. And if you rewind the tape back in the traditional cell phone days, it was Nokia and BlackBerry and Samsung and HTC.And I said, I don't think we can compete on large-scale, low-cost. It's not what we do. And the typical competitive set are either Chinese companies and/or Koreans. They scale. They will eviscerate the margin pool with a low margin, and they will do it in a more effective way than Motorola.You're not going to be able to sustainably compete, and margins will continually come under pressure. So let's redeploy the capital to the organization in Motorola that's not well-known, this quote, unquote -- I hate the phrase, but you will get it -- "walkie-talkie, public safety thing," because we do customized mobile workflow for emergency communications for New York and Las Vegas and Dallas and L.A.We are the mission-critical standard for emergency communications. So if you're in NYPD and you need video feeds or you need a single pane of glass for a real-time -- a real-time crime center, you can integrate all of these different critical pieces of emergency or physical security information, whether it's voice, data or video.That was the strategy. It's proven so far quite well. We have a lot of work to do. We have a $66 billion TAM, total addressable market. We will come in. The Street has us projected at about $10.6 billion in revenue. We have grown double digits two years in a row, improved operating cash flow, expanding operating margins.We have done 40 acquisitions in the last several years, and I think we have room to run. And, by the way, the other thing that helps, Maria, is to tie the two together. People are reticent to use Chinese equipment in public safety.BARTIROMO: Great point.BROWN: They're reticent to use Chinese gear in video surveillance or video security.So the government, it's a good thing, implemented the NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act. It bans five companies, Huawei, ZTE, Hikvision and Dahua, which are video providers, and, low and behold, Hytera.So they're prohibited. The U.S. cannot buy new equipment from these five companies, and they can't use federal grant money to procure. The problem is, there's still a significant installed base. There's Chinese cameras here in the States on military bases.So, the legislation is good for chilling and prohibiting future investment, but it's not funded to do a rip-and-replace. So we still have significant Chinese equipment in our country in critical infrastructure and in military locations.BARTIROMO: Right.You grew earnings 27 percent in the last quarter. You had record backlog, strong backlog across the portfolio. Did it hurt the company in any way by getting out of China?BROWN: No, not at all.Now, we did it surgically, and we also did it quietly. We didn't announce it, and nor did we walk out and throw the light switch. Maria, it took years. And we were quiet, moving manufacturing, moving software development, no new product. We have a skeleton crew there that just really resells very low-end white label radios.I told you, in the past, at our peak, we had over 15,000 people in China 20 years ago. Today, we have about 50 or 60. So it was a conscious decision. It was a careful decision. And it was measured and methodical and took time.BARTIROMO: Is there any other policy you would like to see implemented if you were talking to the president right now?BROWN: I would say -- you touched on it earlier -- funding that would accelerate the rip-and-replace vulnerability of video security cameras that are Chinese that are in critical infrastructure and in certain cities today.I think it would be a safer environment and a safer world if they were out, and we could have other technologies in.BARTIROMO: Oh, so interesting. Really fascinating interview.Greg, thank you.BROWN: Thank you, Maria.BARTIROMO: Good to see you.BROWN: Good to see you.BARTIROMO: Greg Brown is the chairman and CEO of Motorola Solutions.We will be back with more "Sunday Morning Futures" next.(END VIDEOTAPE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FMR. REP. KEVIN MCCARTHY (R-CA): President Biden, just weeks after Republicans and Democrats bound together by overwhelming numbers to fund Israel, to withhold it for a terrorist organization, he's picking a terrorist organization. He's picking politics of college campuses.And you have to think how this will set us back with our allies and our enemies. This is some of the greatest damage to American foreign policy we have seen in decades, and will take decades to solve it.BARTIROMO: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)DUFFY: That's former Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy telling Maria how Biden's actions overseas have made us less safe.Let's now bring in Congressman Brian Mast from Florida, Army veteran, member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.Congressman, good to see you.So, just this morning, Hamas is launching a barrage of missiles into Israel. We just had the U.N. order Israel to stop its military action in Rafah. But, on top of that, the International Criminal Court just asked for warrants on Israeli leadership, as well as Hamas.Now, just to be clear, they didn't authorize warrants after October 7. Both of them were just authorized together this last week. Your response?REP. BRIAN MAST (R-FL): Yes.And let's add one more to that. There's another court, the International Court of Justice, which America does participate in, that also had a vote. And the American on that court voted to say they want to see America -- or, rather, Israel move out of Rafah and those other areas.All of this combined, you have to look at this and you say, what gives credibility to Hamas? What gives morale boost to Hamas fighters? What takes it away from Israeli fighters? And that's what you have going on here, after-after-action by the Biden administration and others that the Biden administration supports that are boosting our non-ally, our enemy that literally holds American hostages as we speak, participated in killing Americans, to bring down the morale of Israel.And the result, you see, are rockets raining down on Israel yet again. And that also tells you that the fight isn't over yet.DUFFY: Well, it begets aggression, right?And so as we watch what happens in this war, we also look at what happens here at home. You're on the Foreign Affairs Committee. You sent a request to the State Department for correspondence, for communication with our government officials and organizations that have been funding the protests on college campuses.What are you looking for? Do you have some insight that the federal government is partnering with the organizations that are funding these anti-Israel protests?MAST: So there's a really important thing to understand here.The State Department and other government agencies, yes, they get -- you're well aware of this, but a lot of people aren't. They give grants out to agencies. You -- they have creative names. They're in Washington, D.C., or other countries, Humanist International or Group for the Good of Peace here.And then those agencies give out subgrants to a whole bunch of other entities that go out there and do things that, most of the time, the United States government has no idea about.And that's where you get those dollars coming from the U.S. government, going down to some entity and then to some other subgrantee that's getting dollars to fund unrest on a college campus or make sure that they help individuals that don't support Israel get better applications to go to the schools that they want to go to, all while the admissions boards and the board of governors and the tenured professors are looking for those type of individuals.That's how that circle goes around in getting the dollars from the taxpayer to the unrest.DUFFY: So, your point is, our federal tax dollars are going to fund the radicalism on these college campuses. And that's what you're exploring in this -- in this request?MAST: Not just going there, but, unfortunately, you have a federal government that, in instance after instance, doesn't even take the time to track where your money is going.We were just doing this a couple days ago with Secretary of State Antony Blinken pointing out the fact that money that he had no idea about was going directly to the Taliban. He tried to deny it, but a special investigative report showed by the government -- a report by the government showed, yes, it is going directly to the Taliban. He didn't know about it.DUFFY: These politics don't work for the Biden administration.All right, we will have more with Congressman Brian Mast. Stick with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)DUFFY: We're back with congressman Brian Mast from Florida.Brian, you served in the military for 12 years. You received the Bronze Star Medal, the Medal of Valor, the Purple Heart. You served in Afghanistan. Those of us who served with you in Congress know you lost both of your legs in service to this country.I want to get your reflections on this Memorial Day, as we think about those men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice for the freedoms that we all enjoy.MAST: Sean, the ask, it's a beg. It's a beg for me to every American.Live a life that is worthy of the sacrifice of those that served our country. That's my beg for every one of you. And think to yourself on Memorial Day, those people that absolutely gave personally -- I saw them give when they were blown up on the battlefield, when they took rounds from snipers, when they had mortars come in and hit them and they were killed by fragmentation and a myriad of other ways that I saw people killed.Think about the fact that they literally did it for you. And I'm telling you that as seriously and literally as you can take it. They talked about the causes that they believed in. And live a life that's worthy of that sacrifice. What would they give for one more hug, one more word, one more minute with their family?Realize that you get that. And don't waste a second of it.DUFFY: But they did it for not just Republicans and Democrats and independents. They did it for all Americans, for the ideas that we hold so dear that are under attack right now, whether it's the freedom of speech or religion or Second Amendment.They were fighting for those principles, right?MAST: They were.I got a flag behind me. And there's 50 stars and 13 red and white stripes on it. And they wore that flag on their shoulder as they charged into combat. And every day that you get up under that flag, it means that you get to decide that today's a better day, or it's not. That's the opportunity of America every day.It doesn't matter if, yesterday, you lost two legs and a finger, or it was a bad day, or you lost a job. In America, you get to wake up the next day and make it a better one. And that's part of what we fight for, just the opportunity of this place. Again, don't waste it.DUFFY: Brian Mast, well said. Thank you for your service. And thanks for being with us on "Sunday Morning Futures."MAST: Thank you, Sean.DUFFY: All right, that does it for "Sunday Morning Futures." I am Sean Duffy, in for Maria Bartiromo.The news continues this week on "Mornings With Maria," 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. -- or a.m. Eastern on the FOX Business Network, in the morning, not at night.Have a great Sunday, everyone, and remember the fallen soldiers who are no longer with us on this Memorial Day. They paid the ultimate sacrifice.