NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: To Congressman Dan Crenshaw of Texas right now. He`s on -- sits on the House Intelligence Committee, feels a lot of other things that are hot and pressing issues now, to put it mildly.Congressman, the president once again reminded, if anyone had any doubts, that he has serious differences with the way Benjamin Netanyahu is conducting this war. Do you?REP. DAN CRENSHAW (R-TX): Yes, well, look, President Biden is not a tactician.And so it`s -- and he`s giving very mixed signals as well on what he actually wants from Israel. You hear other statements from the administration that say, well, we`re not for a cease-fire unless they give our hostages back, things like that.Look, a cease-fire has to be a two-way cease-fire. And in a situation like this, where Israel is essentially under existential threat, has been for a long time, they have had enough. They had a massive attack on October 7, which killed over 1,000 Israelis, murdered, raped, burned babies.Should remind everyone that, on October 6, just a day before that, there was a cease-fire. So Hamas` strategy is pretty simple, and they`re quite clever. They give Israel an impossible choice. Either don`t defend yourself or attack us, and they`re going to use human shields to protect themselves.That`s what Hamas does. And then they try to draw out the fight as long as possible and watch international support wane. That`s their strategy. It has been for a very long time, and Biden should know that by now, right? He`s been around, what, for way too long in politics.And he should know and understand the politics of the Middle East by now. You have to eradicate Hamas. So a cease-fire should look like Hamas surrendering. That would be the best thing for the Palestinians in Gaza. That`s for sure.CAVUTO: In the meantime, Congress, we do know from Benjamin Netanyahu that a Rafah invasion is on. Now, we don`t know the timing of that, when it`s going to happen, what it might look like.The president has made it clear that also would be a very big mistake. He`s seemed, through a lot of his surrogates, Congressman, to hold out the possibility that aid could be on the line here as a result. What do you think?CRENSHAW: Again, I think that would be a foolish mistake and would be a signal to our enemies like Iran, it would be a signal to Hezbollah that all bets are off. America`s leaving the stage.The only thing that has kept entities like Hezbollah and Iran from actually entering this war and making this the great war that they have always talked about to eradicate Israel is the threat that the U.S. will stop them.If you take that threat off the table, that`s a very, very dangerous path to go on, and it eventually gets us into a war. Let`s be honest. That`s the thing about peace through strength. If you want peace, you actually have to exhibit strength and you have to demonstrate that you`re going to stand by your allies.A lot of people forget the strength part, because the strength part`s very, very uncomfortable, and you have to say things that feel uncomfortable, right? But that`s the world we live in. I`m sorry. I wish I could write a fiction novel about a different world where everyone just plays nice, but that`s not the world we live in.CAVUTO: All right, that`s kind of echoing what Benjamin Netanyahu has said.Of course, he`s gotten to be increasingly unpopular with his own country, and some of his coalition are bolting from him are increasingly challenging him. I`m just wondering what you make of that, especially now as they await fearfully an Iranian attack on Israel in response to Israel`s attack on an Iranian consulate in Syria.Israel seems to have indicated, Congressman, that it would target in response Iranian nuclear positions in Iran. What do you think of that?CRENSHAW: Mm-hmm.Well, Israeli politics are complicated, just like they`re complicated here. Netanyahu`s unpopularity doesn`t necessarily mean that Israelis do not want action in Gaza and would not want to respond against Iran. There`s actually quite a bit of unity on that particular subject.Now, they differ wildly on other subjects, like their judicial reform, for instance. So you have to parse through which issues are popular and unpopular when you`re talking about Israeli domestic politics.CAVUTO: In the meantime, I don`t want to be remiss here, but this whole FISA reauthorization move, you were offering an amendment, a bipartisan one, at that, that would add narcotraffickers, drug runners into a category that FISA then can surveil and spy on, essentially.But it looks like it`s potentially stuck. What`s the latest?CRENSHAW: The entire thing is stuck right now. The entire reform process is stuck.So my amendment, in particular, would simply add that category to FISA. Right now, we cannot actually use FISA to target a lot of the affiliates of cartels, the bankers, the accountants, the drug runners.All of the people that actually make the business possible, you cannot -- and these are foreigners in foreign countries, by the way. These are not Americans. Under FISA, you can`t actually target them. And even that amendment is being opposed by the people who oppose FISA.And, by the way, those are a lot of the same people who love to tweet about how much they hate the cartels and how we should bomb the cartels and make them -- and all that, so talking tough, but not really -- not really supporting the actual legislation, that would be extremely helpful here.You can`t even target the Chinese precursors. I mean, that`s a real, real problem. And so, like, this amendment would simply fix that. But, right now, everything`s at a standstill.And, look, there`s a lot of antics up here, Neil. And usually I`m not that worried about them. This one, I`m worried about. If you gut FISA, if you make FISA unworkable or let it expire, you are seriously endangering our nation. A mass amount of our intelligence about what our foreign adversaries are doing and terrorist plots around the world want to do here, a mass amount of that comes from FISA-derived intelligence.If you gut that program, we are in for a very, very dangerous next few years, let me tell youCAVUTO: Congressman, real quickly. You mentioned antics, and a lot of people are looking at what could be another fight over the speakership and whether Mike Johnson hangs onto his job.What do you make of that?CRENSHAW: Right now, I`m not sure that there`s a real appetite by enough people to just oust Speaker Johnson. I think some people want their -- a little bit of fame, a little bit of attention. That`s usually kind of antics we see up here.But, look, Johnson`s got a tough needle to thread on a lot of very, very tough issues. And he`s just got to do it. And he`s got to get this FISA reauthorization across the goal line as well. Today was a major failure. They need to have a plan B. We have to stop waiting until the last second to get everything done. We know we have to get these things done.There has to be a supplemental that we have to vote on soon, or else Russia just subjugates Ukraine, and we lose our global deterrence for the next 50 years.CAVUTO: Yes.CRENSHAW: These are big decisions that we actually have to deal with.And so I encourage our leadership to stay the course and actually figure out how to deal with it.CAVUTO: Is Marjorie Taylor Greene, taking the action she wants to take against the speaker, not serious then?CRENSHAW: You would have to ask her, I mean, really. I mean, I --CAVUTO: Well, what do you think? She thinks the speaker should go.CRENSHAW: I just --CAVUTO: Do you?CRENSHAW: No, I don`t think the speaker should go --(LAUGHTER)CRENSHAW: -- if you`re asking me that.CAVUTO: Do you think she has much support for that? Because there are some who are sympathetic to it.CRENSHAW: No, I don`t.CAVUTO: You don`t?CRENSHAW: I don`t. I don`t think so.CAVUTO: So why do you think she`s doing it?CRENSHAW: Like I said, for attention. I mean, I`m not sure what the other possibility would be.I mean, we have gotten to this point in our politics where, any time you disagree with somebody, they have to -- you have to push them off a cliff, which is a pretty absurd tactic, but that`s, I guess, become the norm in D.C.And the unfortunate reality is that too many people actually cheer it on. There`s an incentive structure in place to actually do that. So I think that`s why it happens. But there`s real support for it? I`m not seeing it right now.CAVUTO: All right, Congressman, thank you.I know we had to cover a lot of ground there. I do appreciate it, as well as your service to this country, Congressman Crenshaw.