KENNEDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I don't know. He went there for a campaign stop after court not long ago and he received a hero's welcome from crying children. Before we go, please don't forget to follow "The Big Weekend Show" on X, Facebook, and Instagram @BigWeekendShow.The big weekend, indeed.That does it for us. We will see you next week.And LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday. Welcome.We have two great guests tonight: Senator Ted Cruz and Stephen Miller.But before we get to our guests, you are living through what is not only the worst presidency in American history when it comes to domestic and foreign affairs, but when it comes to our Constitution, the rule of law, law and order, which is at the core of this Republic, he is dismantling it and he's destroying it.He, his Department of Justice and his Cabinet. He, the media, and the Democratic Party, especially in Congress.And this is no joke, it is enormously serious.You know, John Adams said, liberty without virtue is tyranny. We have tyranny right now. We have a president of the United States who has defied two Supreme Court decisions, one of which involving the so-called student loan forgiveness, the court specifically said no, only Congress has the power to raise revenue that is to tax, to borrow, and to create debt.Joe Biden said, okay, I don't care what you say, in the greatest defiance of the Supreme Court in American history. And in doing so, he has moved half a trillion dollars towards a trillion dollars in our tax dollars from the Treasury, redistributed from people who didn't go to college, the people who did; he does it for votes, pure and simple.He has decided that Obamacare should apply to DACA. These are illegal aliens, many of whom are now in their 40s and 50s, hundreds of thousands of individuals without any statutory authority, whatsoever.He is using the bureaucracy right now, an executive order he issued that was written for him by a left-wing organization. That is the departments and administration of various aspects of our government to register voters, all of which is targeted toward the Democrat demographic in clear violation of the Hatch Act, misappropriation of funds, but he doesn't care.He has destroyed Title IX of the Civil Rights Act with a signature. He has destroyed women's sports while at the same time, he pretends that he supports women because he supports abortion.He is routinely violating separation of powers, which goes to the heart of our system. He is ruling our country by executive orders, administration, regulations in order to defy Congress and get around Congress. That is his lawmaking, which is a clear violation of the Constitution.He is impounding funds, violation of the 1974 Impoundment Act and the Take Care Clause of the Constitution because he is putting his foot on the throat of Israel while he is embracing the Hamas leadership in Iran. This is unconstitutional, it's unlawful.What else is he doing? He and his Department of Justice have unconstitutionally appointed a rogue prosecutor who has as his sole purpose, the use of your tax dollars, the use of Department of Justice personnel, investigators, and prosecutors to hunt down Donald Trump, to smear Donald Trump, to indict Donald Trump and they hope to convict Donald Trump right in the middle of an election so he can clear the playing field not before this time as any president or former president in American history ever been indicted for anything, and now, they've indicted Donald Trump on 91 bogus charges in four different jurisdictions, I want you to think about that.He also waived executive privilege over and over and over and over again, allowing tens of thousands of presidential documents to be provided to the January 6the Nancy Pelosi Stalinist commission, which use those documents, to again try and trash Donald Trump and after the Republicans took the House, they destroyed a vast amount of the so-called information that they had gathered, because they gathered an enormous amount of exculpatory information, and they didn't want that to go public.So Joe Biden uses executive privilege to destroy the power of the presidency, while he is unconstitutionally using the power of the presidency, much like a dictator, and that's what he just did the other day.Mark, what are you talking about? Executive privilege.Executive privilege: Executive privilege is basically a privilege that goes back to George Washington that protects separation of powers. That is it protects the operations of the presidency, internal communications and decision making and so forth because otherwise, a president won't be able to function. He'll have to keep responding to Congress, which would destroy the notion of balance and equality between the branches.And so, it is generally understood that executive privilege should be used in a very focused way to protect the office of the presidency, which of course, he has already used to destroy the office of the presidency, not while he's president, but for future presidents.So, executive privilege, there are some exceptions and they are legitimate exceptions. The courts recognized this, even Congress tends to recognize this, the attorney generals in the past have recognized this, where there is not an ongoing investigation, where there is not an issue of national security, where there is no issue of presidential internal communications, where there is no issue of separation of powers, where there is no protection of investigative or law enforcement techniques. There is no claim for executive privilege.In the case of Joe Biden, he puts out an order of executive privilege to protect what? The audio of his interviews with the Special Counsel Hur about events that took place before he was president. There is no presidential issue whatsoever, that's number one. Number two, there isn't an executive privilege to protect a president from being embarrassed or from information having a political impact. There is no such executive privilege.Moreover, any executive privilege that may exist isn't undead, it was waived, because the transcript of Biden's interview with the special counsel was released and they released it at the Department of Justice because they will do anything possible, including violate the Constitution, to get Biden re-elected and in order to get Biden re-elected, they want you to vote for somebody who doesn't exist.They do not want you to know how bad his dementia is because it must be really, really bad for them to issue an executive privilege order to prevent the audio of the text that's already released from being released. I want you to think about this.The Democrats always talking about voter suppression, voter ID, this goes even beyond all of that. This goes beyond the right to vote, this is the right to know who you're voting for. I love it when they say we have a right to know if Donald Trump committed any crimes. They have all these bogus crimes with these bogus Democrat prosecutors and the bogus Democrat juries in cities and they say, we have a right to know. No, that's different.This is a question about reality. It is a practical question. Is this man up to being in charge of the most powerful nation on the face of the Earth with power to launch nuclear missiles? To make decisions about the health and welfare of the United States? The answer is he is not.We know this because the executive privilege order was put out because they don't want you to hear the audio. This is the man who they will not allow to have press conferences on a regular basis. So he's had less press conferences than any modern president. Period.This is the man who now has his staff surrounding him when he walks from the helicopter to the White House for two reasons. They don't want you to see him shuffling, like people with dementia do. And they don't want him answering any questions, so he is under completely under control by the staff, by the people who surround him because they know what they don't want you to know, because they deal with him on a daily basis. We know it.He doesn't give off the cuff speeches, he has talking cards. When he reads the monitor, he even reads the parts where they're giving him direction to pause or turn left. He reads the directions out loud.He has to have the names of the journalists when he ever does hold a press conference, presented to him with their pictures -- with their pictures.He calls for two debates, but it's very narrowly controlled. It's almost contrived. He gets to decide what news organizations, news organizations that are friendly to him and in his administration. They don't want an audience. They don't want open mic so you can actually have a back and forth. They want to control it. Why? Because he's out-of-control. That's why.We know less about this president's personal life, personal conduct, what he is actually thinking than we have with any other president. This is suppressing the vote, that is we have a right as American citizens to know if the Democratic Party is going to nominate this president for another four years where he would have four more years of this or stage five dementia, where there are seven stages of dementia, he can go to the seventh stage and create a constitutional crisis. We have a right to know before we vote.The purpose of this bogus executive privilege claim is to protect Biden from you, so we don't know.But what about Congress? Do they have the right to know? So here's the report. Here is the Hur report right here. One of the reasons he decided and he says not to bring charges against Biden, among other reasons, a tradition of not indicting sitting presidents, but of course, we know this administration doesn't follow tradition, but nonetheless, is he basically concluded, we interviewed this man, he is not right.He couldn't remember when he was vice president. He couldn't remember other dates about his son. He would get confused. We had eventually the video of his interview with the ghostwriter, same thing took place. It must be so awful, so totally awful, that Mr. Hur and his prosecutors looked at this and their jaws hit the floor. That's what they don't want you to hear.That's why reprobates like Adam Schiff and the Democratic Party conga line attack Mr. Hur for even saying, that was gratuitous. No, that's the heart of the matter. The heart of the matter is this man is not capable of actually being president. Who the hell is running this government? Certainly, Biden in some respect. But the staff, the Cabinet members, the radicals, the 25th Amendment that was adopted in the 1960s was adopted for the purpose of preventing something like this.The 25th Amendment is right here, the Congressional Research Service, 2018. Let me just read this: The 25th amendment proposed by Congress in 1965 and ratified by the states in 1967 provides for presidential succession, vice presidential vacancies, and presidential disability. Presidential inability or disability is specifically covered in Section 3 whereby the president may declare a disability (he declares it himself that ain't happening) and Section 4 whereby a disability is declared by the vice president, the majority of the Cabinet, or such other bodies may be established by law (no other body was established by law).And rather than this Cabinet and this vice president doing what they're supposed to do in the Constitution and uphold their oath, they've circled the wagons. They don't want to lose their jobs. The vice president wants to become president. They have no virtue. They have no integrity. The 25th Amendment is a dead letter right now.In our constitutional system, we don't have any system for dealing with a disabled president who is mentally disabled, who is not capable of doing his job and this latest executive privilege order proves it. They're not saying, we're proud of what Joe Biden said. Here, we released a tape. Here's the audio.Oh, we're proud we want to debate without all of these rules. Or we're proud. Oh, the vice president talks to the media, in press conference every week. Oh, the vice president doesn't need no cards with talking points on, the vice president -- all right, they can't do that. They can't say that and we all know that.The legislative intent is our Constitution does not address a situation where you have a potentially disabled president, where the Cabinet and the vice president of the same party will not trigger the 25th Amendment. Impeachment, you say.The definition of impeachable clauses does not cover this. It's you and me, we get to decide. We are it. We have to wait to decide. And they are interfering with that. They are obstructing that by not giving the audio to Congress. We don't have standing to demand the audio. Nobody does, except Congress. And they just said no, you don't.So there is a legislative purpose, isn't there? There's a huge legislative purpose and the legislative purpose is that we need to fix the Constitution in a circumstance like this, we may have to, and don't we have a right to know who we're voting for? You better believe it.They talk about registering as many Democrats as they can, you know, don't suppress the vote. But we have a right to know who we're voting for and we have a right to know who the president of the United States is, not all the scripted information, not all the propaganda from the media, not all the paid propaganda. Why do you think he wants to raise a billion dollars on commercials? Because that's how he wants to speak.They want to speak through flashy Spielberg created commercials. Joe Biden should never have been president. He should never be re-elected for all the other reasons, but the main reason is, he is mentally incapacitated and that is a big deal and just because he can deliver a State of the Union address after practicing it, and just because he might have a decent debate performance, we're talking about 24/7. You're on the job 24/7. You're under stress. You have life and death, war and peace decisions to make, and we have a lot of human beings in this country who are capable of being very good qualified presidents, it is just that, he is not.I'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with our friend, Mr. Conservative in the Senate, Ted Cruz is running for re-election in the Senate against Mr. Marxist socialist.Nonetheless, Ted Cruz, it is my contention that this is the most lawless administration in American history and I'd like your input on this.On a number of grounds, he's defied two Supreme Court decisions and he brags about it. He has violated our immigration laws, and he is happy about it. He violates Title IX by redefining it in the Civil Rights Act to eliminate effectively women's sports.He is violating separation of powers by legislating on his own, by budgeting and spending on his own, by using regulations to get around Congress, where the EPA is running amok, and some of the other departments.He is impounding federal funds from Israel, despite the fact that you folks have voted to get armaments to Israel as fast as possible. He's violating the Impoundment Act and the Take Care Clause of the Constitution.He is using the federal bureaucracy to register voters in targeted Democrat areas and he has unconstitutionally appointed through his attorney general, a rogue prosecutor whose entire job is to harass, smear, indict, and they hope convict Donald Trump of something, which brings us to executive privilege, which I talked about in my opening statement.He has waived executive privilege over and over and over and over again to push out presidential documents during the Trump administration, ordering the Archives to give it to the January 6 Stalinist commission under Nancy Pelosi. He has all but destroyed executive privilege, and then a few days ago, all of a sudden, he asserts executive privilege at the request of the attorney general who is facing a contempt vote in the House to cover up his audio of his interview, the text of which is out in the public in order to protect himself from the election, which has no constitutional basis. So what do you make of all this?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): You know, Mark, one of these days, you're going to say something I disagree with, but it hasn't happened yet, Every word of what you just said is exactly right.This is a brazen president. This is a brazen Department of Justice. Merrick Garland -- you and I both know Merrick Garland. He spent 24 years as a judge. He actually had a good reputation as a Court of Appeals judge. I had some glimmer of hope that he might do the job with integrity.He has proven to be the most partisan, and the most lawless attorney general in our nation's history. And you are right, this administration -- listen, I've said a number of times, Donald Trump broke the Democratic Party. They hate him so much that their minds had been shattered and they've convinced themselves that Trump is Adolf Hitler.And because Trump is Hitler, anything, anything, anything is justified to stop him. You talked about these ridiculous trials. In over 200 years, we have never once indicted a president or a former president in our entire country's history, until this past year, when the Democrats have done so four times. Every one of these cases is number one, an abuse of power because they hate Donald Trump. But number two, it is an assault on the American people. It's an assault on democracy.I've got to say, I actually think Sigmund Freud is rolling over in his grave because the Democrats engage in Freudian projection at a level I've never seen. They beat their chest. They say we're defending democracy, and they are engaged in an assault on democracy.And you mentioned the assertion of executive privilege. I actually view that as just mockery, because it is a ludicrous claim, as you know well, executive privilege exists to protect the conversation between the president and his senior advisers.Now, mind you, the radical left doesn't care about executive privilege if it is a Republican president, and that's why Peter Navarro is in jail right now because he asserted executive privilege when Congress tried to get him to divulge his conversations with President Trump, and they sent him to jail over it and they're about to send Steve Bannon to jail over the exact same thing.But in this instance, there's not even a credible claim of executive privilege. Why? Because when Joe Biden was talking with Robert Hur, he wasn't talking to a subordinate, he wasn't instructing a subordinate in his administration what to do.Look, if Joe Biden were having a conversation with Merrick Garland about the priorities of the Department of Justice, that could well be covered by executive privilege. But in this instance, Robert Hur was a special counsel. He was investigating Joe Biden for multiple felonies. Joe Biden was effectively a criminal defendant. That is not executive privilege. He was not setting policy at that moment. Robert Herr was not there as a subordinate, he was there as a prosecutor, and the claim is laughable.And by the way, Robert Hur concluded, yes, Joe Biden committed multiple felonies. He did so knowingly, willingly, brazenly over and over and over again. And then on behalf of the Biden Department of Justice, he said, but we're not going to charge him because Joe Biden is not competent to stand trial. He's too old and senile. No jury would convict him.And yet nonetheless, this person not competent to stand trial has the nuclear codes and remains our commander-in-chief.LEVIN: When we come back, Ted Cruz, isn't that the point which is this: The 25th Amendment is intended to deal with situations like this, where you have basically a disabled president. We know he's disabled, that's why they treat him like a calf in a cage. You know, that's why they don't let him out. That's why when he is shuffling from the helicopter, the staff blocks and that's why he's had less press conferences than any president, that's why he doesn't do much public speaking without his talking points.He is the least available president of the public. They're trying to cover this up. That's why the debate standards have been set. No audience. He wants his own journalists. You can't interrupt him.Everything is built around Joe Biden's mental disabilities. Don't we, as a people, they talk about the public interest -- don't we have a right to know that the Democrats are going to nominate a man who may not be fit for president mentally and physically? Rather than calling that politics, isn't that exactly what a Republic is about that we need to know who these candidates are given the power of the presidency? I want you to answer that when we return.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.Rescue crews continue to urgently search for Iran's president after the helicopter he was in crashed. Reportedly, it went down in a remote part of the country during dense fog. Crews have been working to reach the crash site for more than 12 hours, but officials say bad weather and tough terrain are making efforts challenging.A number of other top officials including the country's foreign minister also were on board. No information has been given on the Iranian president's condition.President Biden making an appeal to Black voters during his commencement speech at Morehouse College in Atlanta today. His appearance though was met with several staged pro-Palestinian protests. Some students turned their backs while others walked out. The president made democracy a key point of his speech, and he called for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza.I'm Jon Scott. Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Ted Cruz, we have the text that the administration gave up the audio of what Joe Biden said when he was being interviewed. There is no investigation anymore. There is no conceivable element of executive privilege that's legitimate here.So basically, they're covering up a very flawed and defective candidate. Isn't that part of the problem? That is that we, the people have every right to know who the hell this guy is, and we don't have to play along with this?CRUZ: Well, yes, the reason they're blocking it, it's obvious. It's politically embarrassing and if you listen to the audio, the rational inference is the audio shows what the Department of Justice explicitly concluded, which is that Joe Biden is not competent to stand trial, that he can't remember what's going on, that he is feeble, that he's senile, and that audio, they don't want the American people to hear it.There is not a legal privilege that attaches to things that are politically embarrassing, but this is all politics. And sadly, with this administration, everything they do is all politics.You know, when you started your litany of lawless actions by this administration, you rightly started with the southern border. The southern border, we have never had a president do what Joe Biden is doing.I've joked, but it's not much of a joke that Biden did something I thought was impossible. He made me miss Barack Obama.And listen, you and I both had lots of disagreements with Barack Obama, but when it came to immigration, Obama, by and large, followed the law. He deported millions of people. In fact, the left got mad at Obama, called him the deporter-in-chief.What Joe Biden is doing, no president in over 200 years has done, which is when someone is apprehended, he just lets them go. And the immigration laws say you must detain them, you must deport them, he doesn't care, he just flagrantly violates the law day in day out. Why? Because of power and politics.He wants an invasion at our southern border, because he sees 11 million illegal immigrants as future Democrat voters, and he wants power and if people have to die, if children have to be brutalized, if women have to be sexually assaulted, if criminals have to kill Americans, if terrorists have to enter this country, all of that he is willing to do for power.It is a level of cynicism and lawlessness that has no precedent in American history.LEVIN: But you know, Ted Cruz, we expect an attorney general of the United States, not to be a complete lapdog for the president. He is supposed to represent the people. Merrick Garland, who is less accessible typically than even Joe Biden, he gets up and he says, we follow the facts and the law, but they don't follow the facts and the law.This executive privilege claim, especially when they waived constantly executive privilege to dump all kinds -- thousands and thousands -- tens of thousands of documents from the executive branch where there were conversations, where there were serious privilege issues and dumped them into Congress because Biden and Garland wanted to get Trump and get this information to the January 6 committee, to claim now that there's no legislative purpose. Of course, there's a legislative purpose, and it's this:Our system is not set up for a president who has dementia, who is breaking the law, when his Cabinet and when the vice president won't trigger the 25th Amendment. Congress can't trigger the 25th Amendment. When impeachment talks about high crimes, misdemeanors, and bribery, we don't have a system in place right now to address what's taking place right now, except the voters, except the people.And isn't that why they want to cover up the audio?CRUZ: Of course, it is and Congress has a responsibility to engage in oversight and Merrick Garland embodies arrogance and contempt and hubris. I actually think it's a very close call who is the most arrogant member of the Cabinet? It's either Merrick Garland or Alejandro Mayorkas, and it's really -- it is probably too close to call. But both of them went in Congress in the Senate Judiciary Committee, when I'm questioning, when others are questioning them, they react with utter contempt.I don't have to answer your questions. I don't know any answers to the American people. I'm going to defy the law and I don't care what you have to say about it.Personally, I think Merrick Garland nurses a monumental grudge because he wasn't confirmed to the Supreme Court and this vainglorious man believes he is entitled to be on the court, and so he is going to abuse and desecrate the Department of Justice and the Office of the Attorney General, because he is trying to carry out his grudge, because he's mad that he's not a Supreme Court justice.I am shocked that there is not even a tiny twinge of integrity that makes him say, no, I actually should follow the law if I'm at the US Department of Justice, but there's not.LEVIN: In the 30 seconds we have left, Senator, you're in a tough race. Tough, tough race. Tell us about that very, very briefly.CRUZ: The Democrats are flooding cash trying to beat me. Chuck Schumer has named me as number one target in the country. Schumer and Soros are going to spend over a hundred million dollars trying to beat me. What is going to let me fight back is come to my website, it's TedCruz.org, TedCruz.org.Come to TedCruz.org. Make a contribution. Just this week, a left wing Democrat bought a half-million dollars of TV ads. I don't have the money to be on TV. The only way I can fight back is millions of patriots across the country coming to TedCruz.org and supporting us so I can keep fighting, fighting against these radical left-wing ideas, fighting to defend the Constitution, fighting to defend America.LEVIN: God bless you for everything you do. I'd hate to wake up after the election and find out that you're no longer a senator come January, that would be a disaster.Ted Cruz, thank you, my friend. God bless you.CRUZ: Thank you, Mark. God bless.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with our friend, Stephen Miller.Stephen Miller, if you wanted to destroy the United States, as former now deceased, Liberal Democrat governor of Colorado said, Dick Lamm, you would adopt the immigration policies, I'm sure he would say of the Biden administration, open borders, the importation of people from the Middle East. The importation of single male military age Chinese from communist China. You would flood our cities, you'd flood our country, you would open the welfare state to all the foreigners, and so forth and so on.So the question is this, is this not in and of itself, a lawless impeachable offense, because the president of the United States is not taking care that the laws are upheld? And why do you think the Democratic Party walks in conga line and has no problem with the destruction of America with the importation of foreigners?STEPHEN MILLER, FOUNDER, AMERICA FIRST LEGAL: Well, of course, Mark, it is an impeachable offense. It's a systemic and deliberate violation of not one or two or three immigration laws, but the entire body of law that is the Immigration and Nationality Act. Why Mark, did Congress spend multiple generations -- they've rewritten the Immigration Code over and over again from the 1920s to the 2020s? Why did they write it and rewrite it and rewrite it to specify every category of visa to that number, every category of eligibility to the number.And then Joe Biden comes in and says, nah, I'm going to import the entire third world in the country and you can't stop me.Bill Melugin just put out new numbers -- Fox's own Bill Melugin -- that show that Joe Biden has flown in -- flown in over the border now half a million illegal migrants. So that's not the border numbers, not counted in that. He has flown into the country over the border and resettled in American cities and towns on top of everyone at the border, half a million illegal aliens.There is a process, Mark, for establishing a refugee ceiling. The number of migrants that he has brought into the country illegally is five times the number that he has told Congress he's going to bring in as refugees. It's one lawless abrogation of his constitutional duty after another.It's a conspiracy to interfere in the electoral process of the United States and undermine the franchise rights of every American as the Biden administration fights relentlessly against verifying the citizenship of voters ahead of the 2024 election.At every level, Mark, you are seeing not only impeachable conduct, but criminal conduct. It is in a literal and true sense, an overthrow of the American Republic, because American citizens through their legislature have a right to determine who enters the country, and who cannot remain in the country.So if a president comes in and over the laws, and over the objections and over the Constitution of the United States disregards all of that, and decides for himself to bring in not just unknown foreigners, but members of societies that are adversaries of the United States in massive numbers, how can that not be defined as an insurrection against the United States?LEVIN: A hundred percent. And you've seen republics in the past have collapsed -- Rome and others.MILLER: Yes, Rome is a great example.LEVIN: Yes, you need a common culture. You need people to assimilate into your system. You can't have people by the millions coming into the country that don't speak the language. The Constitution is meaningless because they're not being assimilated into our legal system.In fact, isn't part of this the destruction of our public schools, the destruction of our colleges and universities with sort of the Marxist, Islamist ideology, the hate America ideology, with CRT and so forth?It used to be that you bring people in orderly and they assimilate. We don't even have a system anymore to assimilate people into our country because they're destroying that.When we come back, I want you to address that and Biden and Blinken have made it clear that they are going to import Palestinians from Gaza into this country despite the fact that they are indoctrinated and taught from the crib to hate America, to hate Jews, and to hate anybody of any faith. Haven't we seen enough of that over the last few months?We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Stephen Miller, you made a very important point. That is the purpose of immigration is to serve the American people. The purpose of immigration is to serve people all over the world and to accommodate them. And of course, the American people oppose this. They are not even consulted.This is top down, Iron Fist, a police state government by the Biden administration. Now, what do you make of the fact that in addition to the flights, in addition to the open borders, in addition to all of it, they want to fly Palestinians from the Gaza Strip into the United States, even though we see what's been taking place in the last few months with the river to the sea crowd and we've seen what's been taking place in the last few years, the lack of our system to even assimilate people anymore because of what the Democratic Party has done to these institutions.MILLER: Make no mistake, Mark, if Joe Biden remains in office through next year, they will bring the Gaza Strip to America. And specifically, I think it's clear, you've seen Senator Tammy Baldwin, the senator from Wisconsin come out in favor of the Gaza relocation plan to America. They're going to concentrate that in the Midwest, so they're going to turn the Midwest into the Middle East.We've seen for years how the government works with refugee organizations to concentrate these flights to transform the Midwestern states specifically, that's where I believe you will see that concentrated.To your point, Mark, this is not a pleasant fact. It's not something that we enjoy talking about. It's not something that produce any pleasure, it is just is what it is.The population in the Gaza Strip has been indoctrinated since the day they were born, to import that ideology, that violence, that hatred, that enmity into our own cities, is not just madness, but it is pure malice, it is pure hatred of America and Americans.The neighboring states will not take Gazan migrants. The neighboring states that share the same culture and language, not specifically the Gaza culture, but share the same historical background. They won't take refugees from that region. And yet, they're going to bring them into the United States? Because people who live there, people in Egypt understand, people in Jordan understand that this is a population that is thoroughly dangerously radicalized.He also talked about assimilation more broadly, Mark. They are pursuing negative assimilation, the leftists, and what I mean by that is, they are pushing theories in school, theories of race and theories of culture that are designed to tear us all apart, teaching about hierarchies of oppression, teaching about colonial heritage of evil American settlers.They are pushing diversity, equity and inclusion policies, all of which are designed to atomize and balkanize society, to turn us into a dysfunctional Tower of Babel.And then to your earlier point, you give new migrants welfare, you give them free public health care, you give them free housing, you give them free food, and then what? A conservative party to kind of come along and just take it all away?Their whole plan is to bring in migrants and addict them to both an ideology that is harmful to America, and to hook newcomers on welfare, and then to build a big government state and a permanent political majority.LEVIN: What you're describing then is a tyrannical Democratic Party that puts its own power first, that doesn't give a damn about the country as is; in fact, is actively destroying the country in our schools, in our immigration policies in the way the Constitution is shredded and the targeting of an opponent, Donald Trump and so forth. A Democratic Party that is effectively an alien party, an autocratic party, no?MILLER: It is autocracy. You see that with the unhinged merciless weaponization of law enforcement against Donald Trump, the total complete corruption of our justice system to jail Joe Biden's political enemy while at the same time, to jail his chief political rival, while at the same time Joe Biden suspends law enforcement across the entire southern border of the United States, invites in adversaries, invites in spies, invites in terrorists, and invites in cartels, gets our children killed with fentanyl, gets innocent girls and women beaten to death in the street.A criminal at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, violating law, right and left issuing illegal executive edicts right and left, as you said suspending Title IX, all of it, one law breaking edict after another and then turning law enforcement as a weapon to take out his political rival. That is autocracy.Ignoring the laws the United States, ignoring the Constitution, defying them willfully and deliberately, changing this country without the consent of the governed, and then using his Justice Department and his henchmen in his party to try to stop his political rival from participating in a free and fair election.That's authoritarianism, Mark.LEVIN: Well, Stephen Miller, that is profound. You run the American First Legal, you're a founder. They are doing fantastic work over there.My wife contributes to it, too. I want everybody to know that because I'm proud of itBut I want to thank you very much for all you do, and God bless you, my friend.MILLER: God bless. Thank you, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Well, remember this book "Liberty and Tyranny," probably the best selling conservative book since the "Conscience of a Conservative" by Barry Goldwater. A million and a half of you have this book, you might want to bone up on it. I want to read you the last paragraph in the book from Ronald Reagan because I think it sums it up.You'll remember it: Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same or one day, we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children's children what it was once like in the United States where men were free.Joe Biden is the anti-liberty, the anti-Constitution, the anti-Reagan, the anti-Trump. He is the tyranny part of "Liberty and Tyranny."The only way to stop him is to defeat him.I'll see you next time on LIFE LIBERTY & LEVIN.