GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I bet Johnny was jealous over the birthday party, yes.All right, tonight, Dave Rubin, Brian Kilmeade, Kat Timpf, Adam Hunter. That's a lineup tonight. Don't miss it.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I want to say congrats the Team Fox Fleet that completed the Tunnel to Tower stair climb at One World Trade Cener for the third year in a row. Congratulations to everybody. That's it for us. Good night.HAROLD FORD J.R., FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Happy Birthday, Judge.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Nice.JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Good evening and welcome to Washington. I'm John Roberts, in for Bret Baier tonight. A tough examination for Dr. Anthony Fauci, as he defends his actions during the coronavirus pandemic.We may be just hours away from an executive order from President Biden on immigration as an illegal migrant is arrested for allegedly shooting to New York City police officers.And what it takes to get American hostages back home? We hear from someone who's done just that.But first, "BREAKING TONIGHT", just days after the conclusion of the first ever criminal trial against a former president, a similarly historic proceeding begins against the son of a sitting president.Jury selection has been completed in the felony gun charge trial for Hunter Biden.Correspondent David Spunt is in Wilmington, Delaware tonight, where it kicks off our coverage. Hello, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: John, good evening to you. It took all day, but the judge, the special counsel, and the defense, were able to turn 250 prospective jurors into 12 Jurors, plus four alternates, putting them in the middle of this high stakes case, as you said just days after another one ended.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SPUNT: (voice over): Hunter Biden confidently walked out of federal court in his hometown of Wilmington, Delaware, after spending hours watching jury selection.Jurors were asked about their opinions on gun rights and drug addiction. He is charged with three felony counts of lying on a federal gun form in 2018, when claiming he was not a drug user.Also in the courtroom, First Lady Jill Biden, Hunter's sister, Ashley, and his wife, Melissa Cohen Biden.His ex-wife Kathleen and sister-in-law Hallie, not there, as they are potential witnesses.The president spent most of the day about 15 minutes from the courthouse at his Delaware home, getting regular updates from aides. He released a statement, "I am the president, but I am also a dad. Jill and I love our son, and we are so proud of the man he is today. As the president, I don't and won't comment on pending federal cases, but as a dad, I have boundless love for my son, confidence in him, and respect for his strength."The president and his son spent time together over the weekend, Fox has told the president will be in frequent touch with his son during the trial. Hunter's attorney, Abbe Lowell is expected to argue that Hunter did not check no to being a drug user on the federal gun form.Lowell says it needs to be examined whether other people may have tampered with the form. Though Special Counsel David Weiss is confident Hunter check no on the form.Weiss also expected to introduce parts of Hunter's infamous laptop, the same laptop more than 50 former intelligence officials in October 2020 touted as having all the classic earmarks of a Russian information operation.Weiss's office writes that it is real, and quote that it "contains significant evidence of the defendant's guilt. Moreover, the evidence on his laptop is corroborated by independent sources."(END VIDEO CLIP)SPUNT (on camera): If convicted on all three felony counts, Hunter could face up to 25 years behind bars. John, this trial is expected to last about two weeks, give or take a few days. Back to you.ROBERTS: All right. Well look forward to opening arguments tomorrow. David Spunt for us. David, thank you.The doctor who became the face of the coronavirus pandemic and has famously said he represents science is dismissing much of the criticism against him as the product of conspiracy theories.Dr. Anthony Fauci appeared before a House committee today to defend himself against a plethora of accusations, including that he benefited financially from the pandemic and that he tried to cover up its origins.Chief Washington correspondent Mike Emanuel has got highlights tonight. He is on Capitol Hill. Good evening, Mike.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: John, good evening.Dr. Anthony Fauci defended his leadership and the government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)As you sit here today, is it possible that COVID-19 was the result of a laboratory related accident?DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, FORMER DIRECTOR, NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND INFECTIOUS DISEASES: Oh, absolutely. And I keep, like I mentioned multiple times, I keep an open mind.EMANUEL (voice over): Fauci also responded to allegations that he personally led a cover up into any suggestion that COVID leaked from the Wuhan lab.FAUCI: The accusation being circulated, that I influenced the scientists to change their minds by bribing them, with millions of dollars in grant money is absolutely false, and simply preposterous.EMANUEL (voice over): After the House committee found evidence, other public health senior advisors were using private e-mails to get around public records laws, Fauci said those who did acted inappropriately.REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Dr. Fauci, did you ever delete an official record?FAUCI: No.EMANUEL (voice over): On the six-foot social distancing rule, which kept schools and businesses shut down for an extended period, Fauci said that was not based on scientific study.FAUCI: We have discussions at the White House about that. We did, But the CDC's decision, and was their decision to make, and they made it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And you didn't feel an obligation as the lead scientist at the NIH to challenge that.FAUCI: I've challenged the CDC multiple times.EMANUEL (voice over): Georgia Republican Rich McCormick used Fauci's own words against him, playing this audio recording.FAUCI: It's been proven that when you make it difficult for people in their lives, they lose their ideological (INAUDIBLE), and they get vaccinated.EMANUEL (voice over): Fauci was pressed on whether objections to COVID vaccines were ideological B.S.REP. RICH MCCORMICK (R-GA): Thank you.FAUCI: It's not what I was referring to.MCCORMICK: Well, in reference to making it hard for people to get education, travelling, working, I'd say, it very much was in context.EMANUEL (voice over): Democrats accused Republicans of playing politics, arguing the hearing did not break new ground.REP. RAUL RUIZ (D-CA): Everything that was discussed has been identified through previous interviews through transcripts through e-mails through -- Dr. Fauci explaining his answers, and he did so again.(END VIDEOTAPE)EMANUEL (on camera): When asked about if he earned royalties since the pandemic from pharmaceutical companies. Fauci responded, zero. John?ROBERTS: All right. Mike Emanuel, for us tonight on Capitol Hill. Mike, thank you.There is new information tonight that the Biden administration is allowing hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants to remain in this country in what amounts to amnesty.This comes amid worried that the White House is finalizing plans with Mexico to tighten asylum rules.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich joins us on that tonight. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, John.President Biden's forthcoming executive action would reportedly shut down the border when illegal crossings exceed a certain number per day. Conflicting reports put that number between 2500 and 5,000. But whatever it ends up being, it is certain to face opposition from asylum advocates who oppose consequences for folks who come over anyway. And critics have panned Biden's effort as a political stunt.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (voice over): The White House has not officially released the plan to shut down the border when illegal crossing surge. But the threshold reportedly mirrors the bipartisan border agreement that failed in the Senate earlier this year. And it's reportedly similar to a ban, Trump tried to impose but was overturned by the courts as a violation of federal asylum laws.CHRIS CLEM, FORMER BORDER PATROL CHIEF, YUMA, ARIZONA: Why are we waiting five minutes from the election? Why wasn't this done five months into this administration, when we were seeing all these problems?HEINRICH (voice over): It comes as the administration reportedly also allowed 350,000 migrants with pending asylum claims to remain in the U.S. without a decision on their case merits.According to The New York Post, ICE lawyers told prosecutors in 2022 to dismiss pending asylum cases for migrants who don't pose a security threat and have no criminal record. And data tracked by Syracuse University suggests they followed through.CLEM: That's going to encourage more people to show up. And for an administration that claims this is a humanitarian effort, you just created a whole population that has no status, nowhere to go.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.HEINRICH (voice over): The Biden administration has not commented on the report. But critics say it won't help the president's polling.TOM HOMAN, FORMER ACTING DIRECTOR, UNITED STATES: Based on immigration court data over the last 10 years. Nine out of 10 of these people claim asylum at the border won't win a case.You might as well shut down the immigration court. Take the Border Patrol to border. If there is going to be no consequences --HEINRICH: Voters trust Trump to do better on immigration, according to a Fox News poll, and he's also getting a bump in fundraising, following his guilty verdict.Democrats want Biden to lean into the message that he is running against a convicted felon.REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: And you can only imagine if the situation was reversed, they would be going after Joe Biden with a vengeance.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): The president spent the day at his Wilmington home close by as his son, Hunter's trial got underway.We don't know much about how he spent his time, except that he made a call to the New Mexican president-elect to congratulate her one day before his expected border action. John.ROBERTS: And Jacqui, there is another issue out there. The president is pushing for a permanent ceasefire agreement that's been proposed by Israel's war Cabinet. It's against Prime Minister Netanyahu's wishes.The prime minister is set to address a joint session of Congress next week. Does President Biden plan on attending?HEINRICH: Well, there is some confusion around that date, John. Even though congressional leaders were told that the prime minister would be there on the 13th, we're now hearing that he might not actually come, because that is a Jewish holiday.If he does, in fact, come, the president will likely be out of town. He is expected to be at the G7 summit in Italy during that time and the National Security Adviser would also be there with him.The vice president might be in town, but she's expected to be in Switzerland for a peace summit on Ukraine, just two days later. So, we'll see, John.ROBERTS: And you will be there at the G7 along with him, and we look forward to your coverage. Jacqui, thank you.The Republican effort to regain control of the Senate is facing an uphill battle tonight. It regards a statement made by Maryland GOP Senate nominee Larry Hogan, urging Americans to respect the guilty verdict in former President Trump's criminal trial. A Trump campaign adviser says Hogan is undermining his own campaign.Fox News spoke with the Republican senator in charge of his party's effort to win back the Senate majority in November. Our congressional correspondent Aishah Hasnie has got the story. She is in Bozeman, Montana.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The path to a Republican Senate majority could run right through the majestic mountains of Montana, one of three toss-up states this year and home to Steve Daines, who is in charge of the Senate Republicans campaign arm.Daines invited Fox to his home to share his love for the Big Sky State.SEN. STEVE DAINES (R-MT): Got it.HASNIE (voice over): And his strategy to get to 51.DAINES: Every vote is going to matter.HASNIE (voice over): This year, West Virginia is poised to turn red. And if that happens, the GOP only needs to flip one more. Daines's focused on early voting, but his biggest hurdle might be the dramatic fundraising gap with Democrats.DAINES: There is a problem because we deal with these billionaires from New York and California. That's why our grass roots support is so important. The Democrats do that better than we do.HASNIE: Daines is also betting on former President Trump to turn out voters despite the New York conviction. He says it will not hurt Republicans down the ballot.HASNIE (voice over): But there is plenty of drama on the trail, a Trump campaign senior advisor declared Maryland's Senate candidate Larry Hogan ended his campaign after Hogan urged Americans to respect the Trump verdict. RNC co-chair Lara Trump, adding fuel to the fireLARA TRUMP, NEWLY-ELECTED CO-CHAIR, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE: He doesn't deserve the respect of anyone in the Republican Party at this point.HASNIE (voice over): Maryland moved from solid D to likely D after Hogan jumped in, putting it in play for Republicans.HASNIE: Are you still going to support Larry Hogan's campaign in every way that you can with?DAINES: Yes.HASNIE: If Daines can win back the Senate, there is already talk of him taking over for GOP Leader Mitch McConnell, a conversation he says he recently had with President Trump.DAINES: And I told him, I said, Mr. President, the most important thing I can do is to ensure you've got a majorityHASNIE: So, is that a no?DAINES: I don't -- I don't have a desire to do that job. I really don't.HASNIE: In Montana, I'm Aishah Hasnie, Fox News.ROBERTS: And more on this with Brit Hume, just ahead.Meantime, embattled New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez plans to run as an independent candidate in November's general election.Menendez said today that he has filed the petition ahead of tomorrow afternoon's deadline.Menendez had previously said he would not run in the Democratic primary during his trial on bribery and corruption charges.The Biden administration is buying 3 million barrels of U.S. produced crude oil for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. The oil is being purchased for an average price of $77.69 a barrel. That is well below the average of about $95 a barrel that the Strategic Petroleum Reserve crude was sold for back in 2022.However, when then-President Trump tried to top off the reserve at $24 a barrel, Senator Chuck Schumer called it, a big oil handout.Stocks were mixed today, the Dow lost 115. The S&P 500 was up six. The NASDAQ gained 94.Up next, Brit Hume on today's political news. First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.FOX5 in New York where multiple sources tell the station, Gilgo Beach serial killer suspect, Rex Heuermann is expected to be arraigned on a new indictment Thursday.Heuermann is already charged with the murders of four women whose remains were found in the area of Gilgo Beach. Fox 8 in Cleveland with a mass shooting in Akron that left at least one person dead and 24 wounded. Police say it happened shortly after midnight, Sunday morning. It was at a birthday party where more than 100 people were attending. Authorities believe, at least, one person opened fire from a vehicleAnd this is a live look at Detroit from FOX 2, one of the big stories there tonight. The once blighted monolithic Michigan central train station that was a symbol of Detroit's decline for decades now has a new life. The massive six-year multimillion-dollar renovation has created a hub for mobility projects. The building's first tenant, Google's code next Detroit computer science education program. It's expected to move in later this month.And that's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): They are supporting for president, a convicted felon.SCHIFF: You don't want a convicted felon in the Oval Office.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): Donald Trump is now a convicted felon.REP. ROBERT GARCIA (D-CA): The vast majority of the American people as we've seen in polling do not want a convicted felon as president oof the United States.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: Why are Democrats might seem to have their strategy coordinated following last week's guilty verdict in former President Trump's criminal trial, but will it work?Let's talk about it with Fox News chief political analyst Brit Hume.Brit, great to see you. So, the impact of this verdict is difficult to gauge. I mean, it's been a fundraising bonanza for President Trump, more than $200 million since the verdict came in. Some people say that they are donating for the very first time in their lives yet look at this poll.When asked, would you vote for Trump if he is been convicted of a felony? Republicans seem to be pretty solid. 66 percent said yes.But only 28 percent of independents said yes. 58 percent said no.What do you make of this?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, obviously, you don't want to have that hanging around your neck as you're running for reelection.But I think -- I think that the impact even despite that number of the independence has been as pretty modest. So far, it really hasn't moved the needle very much one way or the other when you look at the overall numbers. And I think part of that is the nature of the --- of the offence for which he's been convicted.Apart from the questions about whether it was a valid legal case -- if it - - let's assume it was for the sake of this discussion. Once you're convicted of doing, something that will look to most people in this country like a victimless crime. In other words, he allegedly falsified his own books. These were not in reports to the government. They were not reports to stockholders, and nobody got cheated. And, you know, if this had been one of these crimes, where people were cheated out of their life savings or lost their pensions or whatever, it would look different.I think people, look, Donald Trump's possible election chances boil down to a lot of people that don't like him very much voted for him anyway.(CROSSTALK)ROBERTS: Well --HUME: How much this offense if it stands, we'll add to that, I think is very uncertain.ROBERTS: Well, here is what Democratic Congressman Dean Phillips of Minnesota said he called on New York Governor Kathy Hochul to pardon Donald Trump -- saying this: "You think pardoning is stupid? Making him a martyr over a payment to a porn star is stupid. Election charges are entirely different. It's energizing his base, generating record sums of campaign cash, and will likely result in an electoral boost."He is saying, pardon him so that he can't play the victim. Will that work?HUME: Well, there is a chance here, John, I'm not saying I'd bet on him, but there is a chance that this whole thing could backfire. That people will just look at this and say, you know, they are throwing the book at him in every way. And the fact that they're all these other charges may add to that. And people might just say, look, they have been going after this guy in every way possible since the day he was elected and before, and, and resist that.In which case, he could indeed get a boost. I've heard people I know that have never voted for Trump telling me they're going to vote for him now. So that's a factor out there. How big it will turn out to be is indiscernible at this moment?ROBERTS: So, with Aishah Hasnie, we were talking about this infighting in the Republican Party over America -- former Maryland Governor Larry Hogan, who's got a half decent shot at flipping Ben Cardin's old seat.Here is what, Andy --- here is what Kevin McCarthy, rather, the former Speaker of the House told us earlier today about the fact that the Trump campaign and even Lara Trump are saying, they are not sure that Hogan has the right person.Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. KEVIN MCCARTHY (R-CA): I think people should take a deep breath, actually reread what Larry Hogan said in the process. It wasn't an ant- Trump comment.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, he said we should respect the jury's verdict.MCCARTHY: OK. You want Larry Hogan going through. He has proven that he can win in that state, two-term governor. He is a conservative in the process. And if you want to win the Senate, you got to be playing in all these steps.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: I mean, it doesn't make sense, Brit, to kneecap somebody who might just get you the Senate?HUME: No, it's political malpractice. I mean, Maryland is a very blue state. And Larry Hogan will remain popular as a -- as a Republican governor, and remains that way to this day. It gives the Republican Party the best chance it's had in a long time to elect a Republican to the Senate.And the Lara Trump of the world ought to be saying, please, Mr. Hogan, please Governor Hogan. You do whatever you have to do to get elected. And some of the things you --- that you say, and you believe in don't agree what I think, that's OK. Do what you have to do. That's how politics is played by smart people.And, you know, you remember how Trump himself went into Georgia after the 2020 election and gummed up the works down there. By criticizing the voting process down there and basically talking voters out of voting. It cost the Republicans control the Senate.So, let's hope that the Trump tell me doesn't repeat the same mistake this time for this -- if you're a Republican, you should hope that. Because that's what could happen with this kind of stupid stuff.ROBERTS: All right. We'll see, how it shakes out. Brit. I always great to spend time with you. Thank you, sir.HUME: Thank you, John.ROBERTS: All right. Up next, we will tell you about the shooting of two New York City police officers, and who is being accused.And later, the panel on a tough examination for Dr Anthony Fauci(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ROBERTS: Live Nation Entertainment says more than 500 million Ticketmaster customers have had their information stolen in a massive data breach. The company confirmed the theft in a federal filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The data taken was identifying information, including credit card numbers, emails, addresses, phone numbers, and ticket purchases. Passwords apparently do not appear to have been compromised, but cyber experts suggest if you have got an account with Ticketmaster, you change it anyways.And now this. A 19-year-old living in a migrant shelter is facing charges tonight of shooting two New York City police officers. The incident highlights America's growing crime cris. Correspondent Nate Foy is in Queens tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: These two NYPD officers are out of the hospital. This is the Venezuelan migrant who police say shot them. He went to the hospital after being shot in the ankle.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because of this vest, a young police officer is going home.FOY: That officer helped his partner survive. Police say the accused gunman is 19-year-old Bernardo Raul Castro Mata of Venezuela. He entered the country illegally through Eagle Pass, Texas, last July. Officers tried pulling him over for riding his moped on the wrong side of the street. Instead, Castro Mata ditched it and ran off before firing at officers. He has no prior arrests in New York, but police say he's a suspect in several robberies in the area. Castro Mata lived less than a mile from New York's LaGuardia airport in one of the city's hotels now functioning as a migrant shelter.HIRAM MONSERRATE, (D) NEW YORK STATE ASSEMBLY CANDIDATE: We are calling upon the city to close that shelter. They have incremented the amount of crime. Quality of life has gone down.FOY: Several unregistered mopeds and scooters remain outside the shelter tonight. According to the NYPD, the amount of robbery patterns involving motorbikes and scooters is up 300 percent from this time last year. The attack happenings just months after a New York judge let several migrants walk after allegedly beating two NYPD officers in Times Square.MONSERRATE: We need cops. We have had elected officials who promoted bad bail laws and defunding the police. Who is going to protect us, and who is going to protect them? We need to change course.(END VIDEO TAPE)FOY (on camera): Some residents are hoping to inspire that change this weekend with a rally planned for Sunday where residents here plan on demanding the city to shut down the migrant shelter where Castro Mata lived as residents here in Queens argue they are bearing two large a burden in the city's migrant crisis. John?ROBERTS: Nate Foy for us out in the boroughs tonight. Nate, thank you.Tonight, world leaders are congratulating the first woman to be elected president of Mexico. Climate scientist and former Mexico City Mayor Claudia Sheinbaum is expected to continue the populist course set by predecessor. National Correspondent William La Jeunesse has the details from Los Angeles tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Mexican voters celebrate the election of a U.S.-educated scientist, their first female president. A protege of Mexico's current president Claudia Sheinbaum vowed to follow the ruling party's liberal social policies. But the number one issue for voters, can Sheinbaum rescue Mexico from the crime and corruption stifling the country's development?LORA REIS, HERITAGE FOUNDATION: She would serve Mexican women well by cracking down on the crime, and that means going after these cartels.LA JEUNESSE: Analysts say those cartels run rampant in at least seven of Mexico's 31 states, controlling the flow of drugs and migrants to the U.S.CLAUDIA SHEINBAUM, MEXICAN PRESIDENT-ELECT (through translator): With the United States, we will have a relationship of friendship, mutual respect, and equality as we have had so far.LA JEUNESSE: That may be tested this week as the Biden administration is expected to cap the number of illegal immigrants admitted to the U.S. The result may pressure Mexico internally as shelters along the northern border could refill about migrants waiting to cross.LILA ABED, WILSON CENTER: This migration crisis, while it's focused on the U.S.-Mexico border, has also become a huge challenge for Mexico.LA JEUNESSE: Mexico's other challenges -- inequality and the economy. Current President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador nearly doubled the country's minimum wage. But many rural areas still lack electricity and water. Sheinbaum promised to continue anti-poverty programs financed in part by Mexico's top trading partner, the U.S.(END VIDEO TAPE)LA JEUNESSE (on camera): Women and Mexico first got the right to vote in 1954. Today, more than half its members of Congress are women, fourth highest rate in the world. Sheinbaum begins her six-year term as president October 1st. John?ROBERTS: All right, William La Jeunesse for us in Los Angeles. William, thanks.Up next, a look at the challenges of winning freedom for American hostages overseas.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. The death toll rises to four from flooding in southern Germany. Three bodies were recovered from inundated basements. Chancellor Olaf Scholz visited the flooded region, and officials warned that water levels could rise further in some areas.This is a live look at Barcelona. One of the big stories there tonight, French and Spanish farmers block a highway on the French-Spanish border. It happens one day before a large farmer's protest in Brussels and a week ahead of European elections. Farmers are protesting against E.U. agricultural policies, demanding more government support and simpler regulations.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ROBERTS: The U.S. embassy in Congo says Congolese authorities are not sharing details or providing access to three Americans arrested following a coup attempt last month. Congo's army has released the names of the U.S. residents accused of having a role in the attack led by a little-known opposition figure. The family of 21-year-old Tyler Thompson Jr. is asking for help, saying they do not know if he is still alive.Tonight, we get an inside look at negotiations to free Americans held hostage overseas. It is part of a new book "In the Shadows" by Mickey Bergman on sale tomorrow. Bret Baier sits down with the author.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Thanks, John.Let's bring in Mickey Bergman, Vice President of the Richardson Center for Global Engagement. He helps negotiate the release of political prisoners and hostages around the world. Tonight we take a look at some of his efforts to free people who have been wrongfully detained. The head of one of the world's top private companies says he wants a firsthand look at the economy of one of the most closed societies. In January of 2013, Bergman took a controversial trip to North Korea alongside then Google Chairman Eric Schmitt and New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson, who was the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. during Bill Clinton's presidency.What's the toughest country to deal with? North Korea pretty tough?MICKEY BERGMAN, AUTHOR: Actually, no. The truth is they are very rational. They are not crazy. We just need to understand what goes into their minds and how they calculate things.BAIER: One goal for that trip, to convince the North Koreans to free Kenneth Bae. But Bergman's team faced persistent pushback from their own government.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VICTORIA NULAND, UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE: Frankly, we don't think the timing of this is particularly helpful, but they are private citizens, and they are making their own decisions. They are well aware of our views that the timing of this is not great from our perspective.We continue to think the trip is ill-advised for the reasons that we stated last week.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: As a nongovernment group, they went anyway, despite the Obama administration's objection. They traveled on behalf of Bae's family who had contacted the Richardson Center to help with his release. The story behind the negotiations is featured in Bergman's new book "In the Shadows."How would you sum it up? What's the elevator pitch of what is inside?BERGMAN: I spent a lot of time putting in the details that I think most people don't know about what happens behind the scenes in this type of negotiation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We need dialogue, not confrontation on the peninsula.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Bergman, Richardson, and others were looking at outside the box ways to get Bae freed. The facilitated donations of wheelchairs and even worked with former basketball star Dennis Rodman.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DENNIS RODMAN, FORMER NBA PLAYER: It's not a bad thing to go North Korea and have a good time.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Eventually their work helped set Bae free after 735 days in captivity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KENNETH BAE, FORMER HOSTAGE: I just want to say thank you all for supporting me and lifting me up, and not forgetting me.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: What would you say is the most complex element of this? It's almost like three-dimensional chess that is going on at the same time you are trying to do this deal with a government that the U.S. likely is not friends with?BERGMAN: You would think that the negotiations with the captors, be it the Russians, the Iranians, the North Koreans, any of them, that that would be the most complicated part of it. Sometimes it is. Sometimes it's not. But the U.S. government has a complex set of interests with any said government. And manipulating and maneuvering that is sometimes more complex than the actual negotiations.BAIER: Most recently Bergman has been working to free the hostages held in Israel, work he describes as personal.Growing up in Israel, and now you have seen what is happening with this war between the Israelis and Hamas, what's your thoughts on that with the hostages hanging in the balance?BERGMAN: When I went to Israel in the beginning after October 7th and I met with a lot of victims, a lot of the survivors, a lot of the families of hostages I heard things in in this conversation that if I didn't push them down, I could not be productive and effective.BAIER: Bergman's brother's family has been displaced for eight months. His 76-year-old mother still lives in Israel and hears the bombardment every day.For Bergman, the work often continues even after a hostage returns home.BAIER: When the Americans come home.BERGMAN: Yes.BAIER: Is that where you feel the real joy in your job?BERGMAN: Their family becomes like my family. But after they come home, that's the time for the U.S. government to actually deploy some deterrence policies, and we almost always fail at that. We just -- we forget. We're all happy. Everybody takes credit. Everyone takes pictures. And we should be happy. But that's when the work on deterrence to make sure that it doesn't happen again. And we don't do that well.BAIER: And hence, it keeps on happening.BERGMAN: Unfortunately, yes.BAIER: Thank you very much. The book is "In the Shadows." It's a great read. Thanks so much, Mickey.BERGMAN: Thank you so much. I appreciate it.BAIER: John, we'll send it back to you.ROBERTS: Great interview, Bret. Thank you."Wall Street Journal" reporter Evan Gershkovich marked 14 months wrongfully detained in Moscow's notorious Lefortovo prison last week. He has been held in Russia since March the 29th of last year on espionage allegations that the U.S. government and his employer have called absurd. President Biden has called repeatedly for Gershkovich's release to no avail. The journalist will remain behind bars until at least through June.Up next, the panel on Dr. Anthony Fauci getting a grilling over his role in the COVID-19 pandemic response. And then a mass parachute jump over Normandy kicks off commemorations for the 80th anniversary of D-Day.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Is the hypothesis that COVID-19 accidentally leaked from a lab a conspiracy theory?DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE CHIEF MEDICAL ADVISER: No, I mentioned that several times. Conceptually, the concept of it is not a conspiracy theory.REP. JIM JORDAN, (R-OH) HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE: Do you agree that there was a push to downplay the lab leak theory?FAUCI: Not on my part.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE, (R-GA): That man does not deserve to have a license. As a matter of fact, it should be revoked.REP. JAMIE RASKIN, (D-MD): They are treating you, Dr. Fauci, like a convicted felon. You have fought COVID-19, and you are fearless in doing so.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: All right, Anthony Fauci on the hot seat in Congress today, answering questions about the origins in COVID as well as COVID policies.Let's bring in our panel to kick this around, Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," Meridith McGraw, "Politico" national political correspondent, and FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams. Why don't you start us off, Mollie? Where did Fauci leave all of us in the eyes of the American public?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It's just so interesting how different he sounded today in this hearing than how he sounded when he was on our TV screens for years, saying things that the Wuhan lab leak theory was a conspiracy theory and working to disparage people who had reason to say that that was the case. His helping out EcoHealth, his buddies over at EcoHealth, which used taxpayer funds to do gain of function research on how to make coronaviruses more deadly, and how he downplayed and made it hard to find out information about stuff like that. How he claimed that there was science supporting masking, social distancing, and forced vaccination where people lost their jobs if they wouldn't do it. Now he admits, well, the science wasn't there.The difference between how he sounded then versus how he sounded now is shocking. But it also speaks to how people think that D.C. is full of people like this, unaccountable, permanent bureaucrats who just run things the way they want to and are not held accountable for when they lie, when they work in censorship, and when they mislead a country in doing drastic action.ROBERTS: Juan, of course, one of the big issues is whether or not the U.S. gain of function research at the Wuhan Institute that may or may not have led to this specific virus. Robert Redfield, the former director of the CDC, was on earlier today on "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM." Here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT REDFIELD, FORMER CDC DIRECTOR: Gain of function research in my view, my opinion, is what caused this pandemic. They are trying to protect the ability to do gain of function research and not have it regulated. I think that's a mistake. I think we need to put a moratorium on it.(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: He is the guy who should have been in charge, according to our Dr. Siegel, of the pandemic response, but Tony Fauci took it over, and then they sidelined Redfield.JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, he is speaking about his opinion, as he said. We don't know. I mean, and I think that's what Dr. Fauci said today. We don't know about whether or not anything was generated in the lab.I tell you what I took away from the hearings today, John, was, one, the emotional response from Dr. Fauci. I was struck by the idea that he said, no, he and his family are still victimized by constant threats. He was choking up and getting emotional about it. And to me, this is, again, a function of our polarized, and I think often dysfunctional politics. Clearly, he was dealing with a situation, the country was going into a pandemic. People want to blame him and make this a partisan issue. But, you remember, the president was a Republican, Donald Trump. He was Fauci's boss.So, to me, yes, the CDC, he said, recommended the six-foot distancing issue. He said the next time the local health officials have to have a better relationship with the federal health officials in terms of getting information so there can be a more coordinated response.But to me, the big thing was saying, look, what are you talking about with regard to people changing their opinions about where this virus came from and --HEMINGWAY: So he went from saying -- WILLIAMS: -- it was the basis of bribes on the basis of federal grants? He said that was preposterous.HEMINGWAY: He went from saying I am the science and saying that nobody could question him, to now saying that it wasn't his fault. And if that's - -WILLIAMS: Saying that his actions, Mollie, were based on science.ROBERTS: Let's let Meridith jump in here, because you and I were at the White House at the same time. You left to become a national political correspondent just before COVID hit. But there was a complete evolution here in what science was telling us and what people believed about it and the whole thing about if you thought that this came out of a lab you're a tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist. We've come a lot of way in four years.MERIDITH MCGRAW, "POLITICO": Definitely. And just thinking back to that time when we were covering it in the White House, there were so many questions and so much uncertainty about what was going on. And what became very clear was just how unprepared we were as a country to handle a pandemic. And I think that was one of the big questions today at the hearing that we didn't hear was just what is the government prepared to do should we face another challenge like this again.ROBERTS: Time is slipping away quickly. I want to get to this other story which is actually going to happen, we believe, tomorrow. President Biden will sign an executive order on immigration. Here is what "The New York Times" said, "President Biden is expected to sign an executive order on Tuesday allowing him to temporarily seal the U.S. border with Mexico to migrants when crossing surge, a move that would suspend long time protections for asylum seekers in the United States." Mollie, he said not too long ago he has done all he can. It looks like he can do a little more.HEMINGWAY: Yes, this is a big shift from what he has been saying for the entirety of his president. Speaker of the House Mike Johnson said recently that Biden engineered the open border and everyone knows it. I think that's true. He campaigned in 2020 on a desire to remove all of the restrictions and restrictions that the Trump administration had put on the border. He also on day one began opening all those things up.The effect of that has been profound through nearly four years of his president. It is true that he is trying to normalize millions of border crossing a year and kind of pretend is he putting a check on it. But I think the American people are not fooled by what happened thus far.ROBERTS: One of the big questions I have, Juan, if it reaches whatever threshold, 2,500, 4,000, whatever, does he put up a big sign that says the border is closed? Because that's not going to stop people from coming across the border illegally. He could close border crossings, but he can't stop people from coming across.WILLIAMS: No, but what you can do is say that you no longer are eligible to apply for amnesty and asylum on the basis of that if you cross illegally. And that's what he is going to say.But I mean, this is, like, you know what, I think clearly he is trying to deal with an issue that is politically explosive for him and the Democrats, right? And Republicans are trying to keep this issue alive, and I think Donald Trump keeps talking, even after he's convicted, about bloodbaths and invasions. But the fact is, look, just last week Schumer had a bill, the bipartisan bill that would have done exactly what Biden says he is going to do tomorrow, which is to say I can shut the border if there's a big spike. There has been no spring spike, thank goodness, but that's what he wants to do to prevent it going forward in this campaign.ROBERTS: All right, let's ask the correspondent to look at this politically, because Biden is so far under water. Take a look at this FOX News poll. Border security, do you approve or disapprove, 33 percent approve, 64 percent disapprove. He looks like he's backed up against the wall and has got to start throwing spaghetti to see what sticks.MCGRAW: This has been one of President Biden's biggest weaknesses, and his presidency has really been tied in a lot of ways to his record with the border. And he has needed to show he can do something, anything, to show that he is taking this border crisis seriously. But we don't know what is going to be in this executive order. I imagine he is going to get pushback from progressives and from liberals.ROBERTS: You think?MCGRAW: Yes, exactly, for potential asylum. But, at the same time, Republicans are going to be saying this is too little, too late. And we'll have to see if it makes any dent in this polling, which is really under water on this issue.ROBERTS: Mollie, Juan, thank you. Meridith, great to see you again.MCGRAW: Good to see you.ROBERTS: It's been a long time. Appreciate you joining us tonight.And finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)ROBERTS: D-Day 80th anniversary commemorations began Sunday in France. An international team of civilian parachutists, some of whom are former soldiers, jumped from vintage C-47 planes to pay homage to the veterans who did it back in World War II. The planes took off from Duxford, England, for a 90-minute flight to Carentan, a town at the heart of the D-Day drops. Commemorations will continue throughout the week with many world leaders expected to be in attendance.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, three soldiers who died during the D-Day invasion are accounted for almost 80 years after their deaths.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for watching SPECIAL REPORT. I'm John Roberts in Washington. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is next.