SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".We start tonight with a FOX News alert. I have a travel advisory for New York City. If you're a conservative or a Republican or Trump supporter, beware in the weaponized Biden criminal justice system -- well, political differences are now considered especially heinous. And if New York's powerful Democrats hate your politics, well, a prison cell might well be in your future or some kind of conviction for something -- well, that they make up.Without a second thought, well, those -- these Democrats, they'll make up a crime, conduct a show trial, rig a conviction with a handpicked Biden- donating judge regardless of the evidence, if they can even explain it. And just hours ago, the former president of the United States, now running for a second term, Donald J. Trump was convicted on all 34 felony counts and will be sentenced, oh, just a few days before the Republican convention. How convenient.But most Americans, including people in that very courtroom can't even identify the alleged felonies, that's because this is a conviction without a crime, against Joe Biden's chief political rival, in the middle of a presidential campaign. The only so-called evidence was uncorroborated testimony, let's see from a serial liar who admits he has an ulterior motive, who was even likely caught lying on the stand during his testimony, we'll see over time, and is now also an admitted thief on top of everything.But, of course, the left, they will celebrate. They will sing. They will dance. They will high five, gleefully call Trump a convicted felon.Now, they're cheering the end of what would be, let's see, equal justice under the law, equal application of our laws? Let me bear no doubt here, this is a sad day for our country, it's a sad day for our justice system, the best justice system ever created by man, the foundation of our constitutional republic. It's literally dying before your eyes.Lawfare now rules the day. If a former president running for a second term with near unlimited resources can be treated like this, no one is safe. This should send a chill down the spine of every business leader and politician not just in New York frankly, because we have a weaponized Department of Justice under Joe Biden. You step out of line, a corrupt Democrat of some kind somewhere will throw you in jail.But if you beat the living hell out of a police officer or old people in New York City and it's on video, don't worry, no bail needed and a slap on the wrist. Is that justice to you? In this case, Bragg employed this novel, new, never applied before legal theory. Again, never tried in U.S. history.He took a far-fetched misdemeanor, well past the statute of limitations, then magically converted that into a felony with a federal law based on some nebulous, unspecified federal election violation that was never charged or prosecuted of which he has zero jurisdiction. Bragg then multiplied that same charge 34 times, that's a shady maneuver called count stacking.The case that mysteriously made its way to a far-left partisan judge named Juan Merchan, who by the way donated to Joe Biden. Merchan's daughter, a Democratic political operative, who reports say may very well profit from this very trial. That would be cause for recusal. But no one in New York's face -- fake justice system saw this as, what, a conflict of interest?Remember he was purposely picked for every single Trump related case rather than having a pool that they chose from as per usual course of business. This was a dream come true for Juan Merchan. He never even tried to hide his bias. According to witnesses in the courtroom, Merchan just simply coddled the prosecution, allowing rampant speculation, irrelevant immaterial smears against Donald Trump. He all but encourage the prosecution and mislead the jury and insinuate that Michael con's election crimes were tied to this case.He should be viewed as an accessory to the Trump crimes before the conviction. That happened earlier today.Very different story with the defense. Merchan actually blocked testimony from an election law expert, Bradley Smith, former head of the FEC. He berated Trump's team and their key witness in front of the jury. He rejected nearly every objection made by the defense, he attempted to silence Donald Trump with what was a clearly unconstitutional gag order, and perhaps worst of all, his jury instructions were completely unconstitutional, telling jurors they didn't need to agree on what the phantom law was or the phantom underlying election felony is, as long as they agreed he did something wrong, that was enough for a conviction.And according to Juan Merchan, well, it did not need to be unanimous in the sense of what they believed. Naturally, the jurors didn't even specify their ruling. In other words, Donald Trump was (VIDEO GAP) insane, well, that is because it is insane.First, we know from the 2020 Supreme Court ruling, Ramos versus Louisiana, quote, there can be no question either that the Six Amendment's unanimity requirement applies to state and federal criminal trials equally.That's not all. Here is the U.S. Supreme Court ruling from Andres versus the U.S. Quote: unanimity in a jury verdict is required where the Sixth and Seventh Amendments apply. In criminal cases, this requirement of unanimity extends to all issues. And, by the way, character or degree of the crime, guilt, punishment, which are left to the jury. Let me repeat, in criminal cases, the requirement of unanimity extends to all issues. That's not what the judge instructed this jury.Trump also has a right to know what he's being charged with. He didn't know the whole time. According to Cornell Law, the Sixth Amendment of our Constitution grants all Americans, quote, the right to know who your accusers are and the nature of the charges and the evidence against you. Apparently, this rule of law, that doesn't apply to Juan Merchan either. He ignored all civil liberties during his instructions to jurors, of course, it likely wasn't a problem for the jury, they barely deliberated despite the complexity of the novel legal theory at play and they probably all hate Donald Trump.So it was probably an easy sell. Remember, New York City voted against Trump, well, almost 9-to-1. You know, God forbid Trump got the change of venue, that would have been the right thing to do, not when a political persecution is in the works -- no. That's not in the cards.For many, Democrats equal justice under the law is now completely tonight meaningless. They just hate conservatives. They hate Republicans and they certainly hate anybody with the last name Trump above all else. They are desperate for one party rule and perpetuity. They're all hell-bent on using our justice system as a political weapon.We've talked about the weaponization of our justice system, a dual justice system. It is all for them a means to an end.Now, thankfully, New York City's four left Democrats, here's the best part of tonight, they don't have the final say. Now, here's President Trump moments after the verdict. Listen closely.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This was a disgrace. This was a rigged trial by a conflicted judge who was corrupt. It's a rigged trial and disgrace. They wouldn't give us a venue change. We were at 5 percent or 6 percent in this district, in this area. This was a rigged, disgraceful trial.The real verdict is going to be November 5th, by the people, and they know what happened here and everybody knows what happened here. You have a Soros-backed D.A. and the whole thing -- we didn't do a thing wrong, I'm a very innocent man, and it's okay.I'm fighting for our country. I'm fighting for our Constitution. Our whole country is being rigged right now. This was done by the Biden administration in order to wound or hurt an opponent, a political opponent, and I think it's just a disgrace and we'll keep fighting.We'll fight until the end and we'll win because our country's gone to hell. We don't have the same country anymore. We have a divided mess. We're nation in decline, serious decline, millions and millions of people pouring into to our country right now, from prisons and from mental institutions, terrorists, and they're taking over our country.We have a country that's in big trouble, but this was a rigged decision right from day one with a conflicted judge you should have never been allowed to try this case, never, and we will fight for our Constitution. This is long from over. Thank you very much.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: This case is far from over and you will get to render the final verdict in this case, in 158 days. This case will be appealed. Donald Trump will be vindicated. I see no scenario in which this is not overturned.That's almost a certainty, but will it happen before the election or after the election?All afternoon, all evening, people have been asking me, what can we do? What can we do? What can we do? Well, as President Trump said the real verdict will take place on November 5th, and by the way, voting early, voting by mail, overcome your reluctance and resistance, the system we're stuck with.We need legal ballot harvesting to match the efforts of Democrats, hopefully surpass them, partisan observers to watch the voting all day and the vote counting all night. But if you want this lawfare to continue, elect Joe Biden. If you want the border crisis to continue, people coming from China, Russia, Iran, Syria, Yemen, Egypt, Afghanistan, Kazakhstan, vote for Joe. They're unvetted.If you like defund, dismantle, no bail laws, vote for Biden. If you want more Biden inflation, reelect the guy that caused it, Joe Biden. If you're happy with the wars and the carnage overseas, Joe Biden's your guy.If you want all this, you get to decide. Not 12 jurors in New York City. Ultimately, it's your choice. Americans who are rightly outraged by this verdict, they need to take away one major thing, 158 days, you get to decide -- and voting early, of course -- you get to decide at the ballot box. You get to deliver the final verdict.So whatever you're feeling today, may I humbly suggest, you channel that into action on November the 5th, otherwise, this is the America you will hand off to your children and your grandchildren. And it will be a steep uphill battle to ever reverse course. Anyway, joining us with reaction, FOX News contributor Jonathan Turley, the host of "Sunday Night in America", FOX News's Trey Gowdy is with us.Guys, good to see you both.Jonathan, you've been with us from the beginning. Look, I was pretty realistic. We both communicated often on air and off air. I think this is a culmination of the weaponization of our system of justice now for a long time, for people I think -- I think it's an extraordinary dangerous time for America.If you look at everything that we talked about and the judge and the conflicts that he had, and the judge being a Biden donor and all -- what the judge allowed in closing arguments and jury instructions, the way he treated the defense in this case, when you put it all together, it really isn't surprising, is it?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, it's not surprising. The instructions had that feel, I call in a column yesterday of a canned hunt, where you actually shoot game in a -- in a cage because in defense of some of those jurors, they may have not seen any alternative but conviction. I mean, keep in mind this judge allowed the government to repeatedly tell them that it was a fact that an election violation occurred and that Trump had ordered it.Judge Merchan stayed absolutely silent during that statement over and over again, even though it violated his instruction. And to this day, we won't know what the jury really decided on the conspiracy. I was in that court room listening to 34 guilty verdicts, but they didn't say what the jury thought had happened. They were unanimous only that some crime some secondary crime occurred.Judge Merchan did not require them to reach unanimity on what that crime was. So it's going to go on appeal and the appellate court won't know any more than we have in terms of knowledge as to was this an election violation another falsification of documents, a tax violation? That's just simply not in the record.HANNITY: You know, and, Trey, let me bring you in here and this was a point that that Jonathan had made and I'd made over and over again, the jury had been told dozens and dozens of times that the payments were campaign violations especially in closing that, six-hour closing. The judge let all of that go un-contradicted in this case.Then, you have the issue of, you know, the 4, 4, 4, where you could just think he's guilty. You can have one group thinking he's guilty, for four people think he's guilty for A, four for B, four for C. Well, that is a direct violation of the U.S. Supreme Court decision, the 2020 decision of Ramos versus Louisiana, Andres versus the U.S. But again, this was allowed.Now, I believe it's overturned on appeal but when's that appeal going to happen, Trey? Do you ever see anything like this? You -- you know, you're a prosecutor, I don't think you ever lost a case.TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, the jury was unanimous, Sean, in its lack of unanimity. You're right, I tried cases where I had to prove an additional crime. Every death penalty case, you have to prove murder, plus something else beyond a reasonable doubt, and the ver -- the verdict the jury has to specify what that additional crime is.As Jonathan and I sit here tonight, we could -- we can't tell you whether it was one of those three, whether it was some other crime that that's nebulous that we don't know about. I went -- I came last week to this courtroom, I'd heard rumors that the judge was pro-prosecution. Look, I was a prosecutor as you pointed out. I spent four days in the courtroom. I -- not just pro-prosecution, Sean.I mean, I cannot, I would struggle to think of a significant objection by the defense that was actually sustained and the tone with which he treated that the counsel was disparate. He was -- he let the prosecutor -- I mean, we were -- Andy and Jonathan and I were talking about that defense I think fail to object sometimes during the prosecution closing argument because they had battered lawyer syndrome. They had just been beaten up for weeks and weeks.So will it be overturned on appeal? I can think of five different ways that it can be, but I don't think it'll happen before the election, which to your other point, the best revenge is success. If you want to justice system that doesn't elect a district attorney who promises to go after a political opponent, then you need to win at the ballot box.I mean, Alvin Bragg, name me another crime that he's gotten really, really exercised about. It's not shoplifting. It's not stealing. It's not hitting people on the street. It is alleged hush money to keep someone quiet about a sexual encounter. That's what really gets his attention.HANNITY: An 8-year-old case over $130,000 payment, you know, you really -- it does boggle the mind. A misdemeanor statute of limitations have run out, but somehow, when did a local New York City courtroom become a place to try a federal election crime, Jonathan Turley? Because that seems rather novel to me as well, or a federal tax crime.TURLEY: Right. Well, that's what was so maddening about Bragg's comments tonight when he kept on saying, no, this is just standard stuff. You know, at some point, you just strain credulity. You have to admit this has never been attempted before, even other networks have said that. Other networks have said that this wouldn't have been brought against anyone other than Trump, and that that's something that if you're an honest person, you have to accept.This was a political use of the criminal justice system to create this novel, you know, effort and I think in the end, the -- what -- you have to tell people who are upset about this is Manhattan is not the entirety of this nation. We're bigger than this case. We're bigger than this district.We have a system that has proven itself over and over again in history but we all have to take a leap of faith .We have to take a breath --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: But, Jonathan, let me ask you if I may --TURLEY: -- Todd Blanche said today --HANNITY: We have a weaponized Department of Justice under Joe Biden, remember the third highest ranking official left that prestigious position to come in and work on this case. You know, do you agree with me that that depart -- DOJ is weaponized? I think it's pretty clear it is.TURLEY: Well this case I think has really fulfilled the argument of many that you have a weaponized system. The fact that Colangelo came from the third position in DOJ to help lead this case really reaffirmed that.But you know, being in that room, you had a sense of history and it was overwhelming. The question is what history it made. Yeah, they convicted a former president, but they may have also gotten this country to focus in a way that has never happened before on the misuse of the legal system.And so history may have been made in a different way. This make galvanize Americans including some that don't like Donald Trump, but they don't like what was done in this case to get Donald Trump. And I had a feeling that have the sense of history in both ways in that courtroom.HANNITY: Trey, we'll give you the last word, what do you think the outcome of this is? Professor Dershowitz will join us later, thinks that this is really a precedent setting moment and that this lawfare is only going to continue because they were successful using it.TURLEY: At some point, it has to stop, Sean. And look, do I blame allegedly progressive prosecutors or really defense attorneys masquerading as prosecutors? I do.But I really blame voters who will elect people to go after certain targeted individuals. Prosecutors go after crime. They do not go after people. And the Just -- there's a reason the lady wears a blindfold, Sean, there's a reason for it. She's not supposed to care whether you're Republican, Democrat, Black, White, male or female.If we don't get back to those days -- I mean, you asked Professor Turley about the weaponization of DOJ, just look at what was done to Jeff Fortenberry and then look at what was not done to the U.S. attorney in the district of Massachusetts, they had her on a false statement, nothing happened to her.So treat people the same, be fair. If we lose that then we've lost our justice system.HANNITY: Well, Mar-a-Lago was raided. Hillary Clinton, no reasonable prosecutor would prosecute, delete 33,000 emails, take money, give it to a law firm, funnel it to an op research firm, hire a guy -- Christopher Steele, got a dirty Russian dossier, use it to acquire four FISA warrants, no problem.And that is -- and Joe Biden has you problems with classified top secret documents. He didn't get raided. This is what Americans are seeing tonight and it is a scary moment I think for the country.But thank you both we appreciate you staying up late tonight. I know you guys have been working hard. Thank you.All right. Here to react to today's verdict, former president -- President Trump's legal spokeswoman, well, not former -- I mean she's President Trump's legal spokesperson, Alina Habba. She's been in the courtroom the whole time.You know, everybody I know around President Trump says he's completely stoic, did -- saw this coming. I guess that was clear in his comments about Mother Teresa. However, I'm sure it doesn't take the sting away.And based on the actions of this judge, one has to wonder. You know, four days before the RNC, is he going to release President Trump on his own recognizance pending appeal, is he going to declare he has to have home confinement, can't go to a debate, can't go to his own convention pending appeal, or will he want to send him to jail? Nothing that judge decides will shock me.ALINA HABBA, FORMER PRESIDENT TRUMP'S LEGAL SPOKESWOMAN: No it won't shock me. Let's remember who this judge is, Sean. Let's be very clear, and I am so happy to be on this show on such an important day in American history because if we don't stop this now, we are done. And I don't mean now, I mean right now, as in yesterday.Judge Merchan today watched my client, I watched him, I watched the jury say guilty 34 times and I watched him. And he looked at my client and he covered his mouth and he covered his mouth probably because he was smiling.Let's be very clear, this judge has Bannon, Weisselberg, and no -- no shock to me Trump, and he is a 100 percent a man that should have recused himself, but our justice system is so broken right now, Sean. And I want to also remind the American people of one thing, I'm a legal spokesperson, I'm also an American and I will be voting for Trump not because of President Trump who I obviously support but because I support America and so does he.Our country is currently in a serious state and we cannot look at this as anything other than a serious state of affairs, where we have an issue, where people are using politics in the legal courtroom. It cannot happen anymore. I have seen it. I have been in court since October. Trial after trial after trial, for 15 years, I have been practicing law, I have never seen anything like this in my life.And that judge intentionally wouldn't even allow in pre-trial proceedings that the court will not report, they would not allow us to bring up that President Trump didn't even take deductions, he didn't do anything wrong, his CFO, him, the Trump Organization, the family, nothing. But that evidence was kept away from the jury and it is intentional. This is not America.And I'm speaking to MSNBC viewers and CNN viewers, the Rachel Maddows, the Kaitlan Collins, it is time to come together because this administration does not care about us. They do not. They care about themselves.HANNITY: They got -- they don't care either because they got what they wanted politically.HABBA: That's right.HANNITY: And, you know, for them, it doesn't matter, the ends justify the means. I will say this, and I said this a number of days ago, I was at "FOX & Friends", and on this show I said it, this is not going to impact the election is my prediction in 158 days. I don't believe it is.You know, it's amazing, you know, Michael Cohen himself testified that he told many people that he did this on his own. You know, at that point, stop, right there, that should have ended whatever novel legal theory they're putting out. And I said also , you -- Donald Trump can't get a fair trial in New York City and he didn't get a fair trial in New York City.And by the way, I'll find the money and I'd love to buy Mar-a-Lago for $18 million and turn around and sell it for a billion, because that's New York City's legal system. How sad and pathetic is this?HABBA: Yeah, but it's not about Trump and I really want everyone to understand that. I am the lawyer. I see the rulings. I see the hearings.It's before the trials start that they do this to us. It's before we can go in. It's so that his legal spokeswoman is gagged, so that his campaign is gagged, so that President Trump is gagged, and I'm still gagged and so is he and you know why because they don't want us to speak the truth.That's called censorship. That is not our country. We don't do that. Let Americans vote for who they want, and you know what they don't want? They don't want what is going on right now, I assure you, because when I walk in the streets of New York by myself, I am praised and loved.And I will tell you, President Trump what we saw today was people streaming up and down the streets waiting to see him just to give him a thumbs up. We drove down and down and the numbers just don't lie, look at the polls.Sean, we are in a serious state of affairs America is under siege in a different way than I ever thought was possible, and I never thought it would be people with a law license that would be doing it.Judges, that would be doing it. It's a disgrace.HANNITY: Let me say be clear in one thing, too. You know something, I don't want a weaponized system of justice to go after Democrats and treat them the way Donald Trump has been treated.I want equal justice, equal application. I'd like to have our constitutional republic back and that's what I think most good, decent, honorable Americans want.HABBA: Yeah.HANNITY: Alina, you've been very generous with your time throughout this whole trial. Thank you very much.HABBA: Thanks, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Joining now, Texas Senator Ted Cruz is with us.Senator, you know, if you look at this cumulatively and I mentioned Hillary Clinton, no reasonable prosecutor will prosecute, top secret classified information. Of course, you want to talk about an real FEC violation, you give money to a law firm, they give it to an op research firm, they hire a guy Christopher Steele, he comes up with a dirty misinformation Russian dossier.He used it to get four FISA warrants to spy on a candidate Donald Trump, a transition team Trump, and then a President Trump. You raid -- you don't raid anything with Hillary, you don't raid anything with Joe Biden, but you go after Donald Trump. Then you add to it, Russia, Russia, Russia. That went on three years, all debunked, all the lies told by the media, by the Democrats, all the conspiracy theories peddle. You know, impeachment one, you have impeachment two, and it just, you know, culminating in this.And, you know something, Senator, more and more people, they're reaching out to me and saying what the hell is happening to our great country. They see this for what it is. I believe Donald Trump will win in part because of all of this.My confidence is higher than it was yesterday because of all of this and this outcome today. I'm speaking too much. You're a guest. I want to hear what you have to say.SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Well, listen, Sean, I think you're exactly right. What we saw today was an absolute travesty of justice. This was not law. This was not criminal justice, this was politics. This was a political smear job. This was an attack job, this is what you see in banana republics.And it is -- I am both furious and heartbroken at the same time I'm furious at what we saw but I'm also heartbroken for the rule of law. I'm heartbroken for our justice system.You know, last night, I was on with you, and I suggested maybe there was hope for the jury. Maybe one juror would hold out, and I got to say, you shook your head and said, no, New York is too far gone. I'm sorry to say, Sean, you were right. There was not one out of who stood up and said this is garbage. This is -- this is election interference. These are lies. This is a kangaroo court we didn't have a single juror that said that.Now, you look at the rulings from this judge, this partisan judge. They were so biased. I'm going to tell you right now, the chances that this decision is overturned on appeal, I believe are 100.0. This will be overturned.And by the way, the judge knows it will be overturned and that's the whole point. He doesn't care. The objective today was to get the two words that we saw the Biden White House say in the -- in their press release today, convicted felon.Between now and November, the Democrats and the corporate media will use the words convicted felon about a billion times. This is all about politics and influencing the election, and it is a disgrace.HANNITY: Doesn't it really come down to, Senator, as I said that the real verdict can be rendered now by the American people and that verdict will be rendered on November 5th and in the days early voting and voting by mail ahead of time, which I strongly encourage, as much as I don't like it. But I think that verdict will be really this coming election. Do you agree?CRUZ: I do and listen, I hope and pray that that people who care about the rule of law, who care about the Constitution, who care about justice, are outraged. Maybe you love Donald Trump, maybe you can't stand Donald Trump, but if you care about our system of justice, if you care about democracy, look, look, saying democracy feels strange now because every Democrat runs around like a peacock squawking about democracy.But this is an assault on democracy and, you know, I really hope, I got to say in the Senate, we have senators, not one has the courage to stand up and say this is wrong.I would respect a Democrat senator who says, listen, I disagree with Trump. I'm not supporting him, but this shouldn't be what we're doing. We should not be abusing the justice system to go after our enemies and not a single one of them is willing to say that. They will all say, felon, felon, felon and they're complicit in the corruption of our system.And my hope is that it opens some people's eyes, that it opens people's eyes, wow, this is rigged and corrupted in a way that is dangerous.HANNITY: Senator Cruz, thank you again for being with us.Joining us now, Florida Senator Marco Rubio is with us.Senator, I got your immediate reaction on my radio show in real time and you are extraordinarily passionate about what we're living through what this means, let's talk about it.SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Yeah, this is the quintessential show trial. This is what you see in communist countries. This is what I grew up having people in this community tell me about it happened in the days after the Castro revolution. Obviously, those led to executions.This, on the other hand, is an effort to interfere in an election. Look, Joe Biden, okay, let's all be clear about what's happening here, Joe Biden is clearly senile and declining, he's clearly weak, which is why the world is on fire. He's incompetent, which is why we have runaway inflation and a border that is being invaded every single day.And then add to all of that, he likes to lie. He tells people lies all the time about how great the economy is doing, how great that -- how there is no problem at the border. The guy's behind in the polls, he can't win. The only chance to have to win this election is to keep Donald Trump in a courtroom, tied up in this case, and that case, and the other case.In this particular case, they found themselves a Democrat lawyer, this is a guy who gave money to Joe Biden in 2020, this lawyer. I'm sorry, a Democrat judge -- this judge gave money to Joe Biden in 2020. His daughter is a campaign consultant for Democrats who's actually -- actually out there marketing convict Trump stuff. Okay?Then you got a D.A. who basically said I am going to go after Trump and put him away when he was running for office to get elected. He didn't know what he was going to put him away for, but he promised to put him away for something. Then you have a jury, we don't know who they are, but I know this, they live in Manhattan, which voted 85 percent for Joe Biden.And so, you put all -- and then what did they charge them with. Donald Trump signed checks and when they labeled the checks, they -- payments to his lawyer who by the way is a serial liar, and the key witness in this case, he put legal expenses. And that is what they convicted him on, but that's not the goal here. The goal here is to keep him tied up in court.You think this judge sets that day days before the convention is a coincidence. He knows exactly what day he set and he knew exactly why he was doing it. This is the most outrageous travesty I've ever seen, and the problem here is Democrats have crossed this line. They have cross the line in which now the court system is a political weapon, and it's going to be very hard for it not to come back the other way.I don't want that. I heard you saying that earlier in the show but I think we need to understand that they've crossed the line now and let a genie out of a bottle, it's going to be hard to put back in place.HANNITY: I tend to agree. You know, the judge has a lot of latitude going on from here, four days I guess, they begin, you know, the penalty phase of this case, and four days before the Republican Convention, will this judge in fact put Donald Trump in jail? Will he give him house arrest, and he can't go to his convention, he can't go to a debate, he can't go out and campaign? I -- nothing would -- I put nothing past this judge.Normally, first offense, somebody would literally be released to their own recognizance, especially if you have Secret Service agents around you at all time. You're not a flight risk, and you know, you would then it be literally be out on bail, pending appeal.And I put nothing past this judge based on his conduct up to today, and including today.RUBIO: Absolutely not. I think that we should expect the worst from this judge. We -- and it's unfortunate to have to say that, but that's the case. But look, here's -- at the end of the day, the best way to deal with this is number one, go to DonaldJTrump.com, sign up to volunteer, donate because we need to win this election. That's number two.The real verdict is going to be in November when we win that election, and then I think truly down the road, we're going to have to look at a way. Democrats and Republicans hopefully together, but I don't know, to prevent this kind of thing from happening again in the future.We cannot become one of those countries where people once they leave office are targeted through the court system by their political opponents. That's what happens in Peru. That's what's happened in Brazil. That's what's happened in all these countries. It cannot happen here.And that is the direction we are headed right now, with what's happened here today. I know voters are going to be outraged. Trump's going to win this election, but we got to make sure this never happens to anyone else ever again.HANNITY: Well said, Senator. Can't -- I can't say it any better.Senator Marco Rubio, thank you.As expected, Biden wasted almost no time trying to fund raise off the sham guilty verdict, writing, quote: There's only one way to keep Donald Trump out of the Oval Office, at the ballot box, echoing a statement from his campaign which immediately pounced on today's verdict.But despite Biden's team efforts to capitalize, it was actually -- it was Trump whose donation soared. In fact, so many outraged Americans flooded the GOP's primary fundraising platform, the website crashed for an extended period of time, shortly after the verdict was announced.Here with reaction, Trump national press secretary Karoline Leavitt, and FOX News contributor Kellyanne Conway and Charlie Hurt.Karoline, you've been there most of the time. Let's get your perspective on today and the entire trial.KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP CAMPAIGN PRESS SECRETARY: Well, this trial has been rigged from the beginning and it has been concocted by Joe Biden in the corrupt Democrat Party. This case was brought by a far-left deranged Democrat prosecutor Alvin Bragg. It was overseen by a leftist Democrat judge who is highly conflicted and should have recused himself and they brought it here in Manhattan, a Democrat jurisdiction that they know voted for Joe Biden 80-20 in the last election.And if they can do this to President Trump, they can do it to anyone. So Americans out there, if you want to stop this weaponization of our justice system, if you do not want four more years of this dictator, this true threat to our democracy, Joe Biden, in the White House, then you have to vote for President Trump on November the 5th.He says it all the time, November the 5th will go down as the most important day in our nation's history, and that is ultimately where he will be vindicated and he will win. But we need all hands on deck and yes, Joe Biden shamefully is fundraising off of the political persecution of his opponent. That tells you everything you need to know about this current regime that is in power. So go to DonaldJTrump.com, support President Trump, stand on the side of democracy, of law and order.We need people to volunteer. We need you to get your friends to volunteer, and everyone needs to get out and vote on November the 5th. That is ultimately when victory will prevail.HANNITY: You know, Kellyanne, interesting, Marc Lotter tweeted out or put on X: Watch Democrats have no problem threatening Supreme Court justices and the legitimacy of the court, now suddenly attack anyone that disagrees with this court.Well, pretty predictable, right? Your reaction?KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It is indeed and I'm going to be forward looking at this point because I know how resilient and resolute President Trump is. He's not going to be stuck in that courtroom now. He's going to -- he's going to be free to go out there and campaign for this election.Look Marist, today released a poll that has Donald Trump's lead among independent, Sean, the highest on record for them. I don't think this verdict will change that at all. In fact,. independents look at themselves as victim of the system. They don't like career politicians. They don't like the way Washington D.C. operates. They prefer this insurgent/incumbent Donald Trump who's got the incumbent record of four years of a strong economy, energy independence, a strong border, no new wars abroad, much safer at home, much more prosperous at home.And that's what they're going to want. Again, if I were President Trump, I'd focus on the debate, my running mate and making America great. Those should be the three big messages moving forward.All of the people who are rumored to be on his long short list for VP, they're not hiding. They're on your show. They're on other shows they're coming out and saying we need to rally around and support.And by the way, this verdict won't change one fundamental thing, it won't make Joe Biden any less 81 years old, it won't make Kamala Harris smarter or more inspirational. It won't excuse the fact that Joe Biden has crushed the American dream for so many people, particularly younger people, won't make those young people on college campuses and the halls of Congress any less mad at Biden over his position in Israel and Hamas, and it certainly won't have stopped millions of people from pouring over our border that Donald Trump warned us of nine years ago, nine years ago he elevated that into the national consciousness.We have people from the terror watch list. We have people -- Chinese nationals and the rest. So people are already feeling that we are not secure, we are not prosperous. They want that all back and this will not affect their wish list.And, by the way, Joe Biden is obsessed with Donald Trump. He can ignore him and try to beat him based on the Joe Biden record, but they simply can't. People don't like one person being insulted, investigated, impeached, indicted, convicted.It's always been about one person and that person projects strength at a time of weakness. People want strength and fairness in this country. We saw today a lack of both and we will see in President Trump both on full display between now and November.HANNITY: Let's get your take, Charlie.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, I was struck by the White House's response to this verdict today. They were talking about accusing Donald Trump of vengeance and running a campaign of revenge and bringing back chaos if he gets back into the White House. My goodness, could you imagine more chaos and more vengeance on display than what we see right here right now?You know, since Donald Trump left office three years ago, over three years ago, we have two new wars, we have an invasion at the border, you have an economy that's not working for people, inflation has skyrocketed, energy prices have gone up, America has lost its place, its dominance in energy independence. All because of the policies of Joe Biden.Meanwhile, young people are getting out of college trying to get their first home, trying to get -- they can't even get rent because Joe Biden is so busy paying for free rent for millions of illegals that he's allowed into this country, and people -- the frustration is boiling over and what is it the Democrats are focused on? Paper crimes that happened eight years ago that had something to do with rigging an election that had already happened?This is absurd when we look back at this in, you know, 10 years, 10 years. You're not going to be able to explain this to people who weren't alive at this time to witness it because you'll be like, and they'll be like, why do they hate Donald Trump so much? And they were like, you won't be able to explain it, but this is where we are.And if -- and if people do not stop Democrats in the election from winning by doing this, they will never run another election for all of history any other way but like this. And so, if you don't -- if you don't want to stop Democrats for all the good policy reasons, just stop them to save the country.HANNITY: All right. Caroline, Kellyanne, Charlie, thank you all.All right. Joining us now with reaction, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan.Well, you are heading up the weaponization of justice investigation. I don't think it gets any more clear than this, if people needed any more evidence, Congressman.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): No, you're exactly right, Sean, but I still think the best line of the day came from President Trump and you've said it already. But when President Trump come out and said the real verdict will be on November 5th, he couldn't be more right, because that day, we the people will decide who's going to win who's going to be our president, not some partisan judge, not some political prosecutor, not 12 people from Manhattan. But we the people, 330 million of us get to decide on that day.That to me is the real takeaway here, and I think -- I think the American people are going to be clearly and strongly for President Trump. You can feel that. You saw what happened with the website today. You know, President Trump uses a line that I think is so good when he's out on the stump when he's at these rallies, he says they're coming after my freedom because I'm fighting for yours.And I think the country sees that even more clear today, and that's why I think he's going to win because they see this for the political operation. Never forget, Alvin Bragg said this, he went -- first, he campaigned that he was going to get Trump. But when he gets in office and he sees how ridiculous this case is, he doesn't want to bring it. He even says I cannot envision a world where I indict President Trump and call Michael Cohen as a prosecution witness.But he switched after President Trump declared he was running for president of the United States, I think underscoring just how political this whole thing really was.HANNITY: Yeah, it's unbelievable. Well. We'll see what happens with this weaponization.When do you think you'll conclude your investigation?JORDAN: Well, we keep going -- look, we called Mark Pomeranz, the guy who envisioned this whole strategy that they used to go after President Trump, this idea that there the misdemeanor somehow morphs into some crime that they'll never define, that was Mark Pomeranz, we bought him down for a deposition. We had Bob Costello come testify, and then the very next week, the Trump defense team put him on the witness stand and he told us how wrong Michael Cohen was, how much he's a liar.So we're going to keep every -- everything is on the table because as many of your guests have said, we cannot allow this to continue in our great country.HANNITY: What a novel thought, that you actually let people talk and not stifle what they can and cannot say. Oh, I'd be interested in hearing more about what Costello has to say about Alvin Bragg and his team, being told by him about exculpatory information before they went to the grand jury to get the indictment. I'd be interested in the outcome of that, too.Congressman, thank you.JORDAN: Yeah, same here.HANNITY: When we come back, the great one, Mark Levin, weighs in on the Trump guilty verdict, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Here with reaction to the Trump verdict, RNC co-chair Lara Trump is with us.Lara, great to have you.You've been in the courtroom for a lot of this trial and, you know, we had discussed it, we saw what was happening with the judge. In that sense, I was not surprised. I wish I would be surprised, but I was not.I felt like once the defense gutted Michael Cohen, they gutted him and -- on cross. From that point on, the judge had to throw a lifeline after lifeline after lifeline. Shut down the defense's witnesses, then followed up with a temper tantrum, and then, of course, allowed the prosecution to make allegation after allegation in their close, followed by the ridiculous, you know, charge to the jury and jury instructions.In that sense, it's like putting cinderblocks on the scales of justice. It was obvious what was happening.LARA TRUMP, RNC CO-CHAIR: It was so obvious and I think Donald Trump himself said it best. This is a dark day for our country, for America. It truly is, Sean.I think it's become very clear to people there is no bottom for the Democrats at this point. They're literally willing to do anything they need in order to hang on to power, even if it means destroying the very fabric of our country. It's exactly what they're doing right now.And you have to think that, Sean, for a second, how is the rest of the world looking at America right now. They see the same polling that we all see. They see that by every metric in every poll, Donald Trump is beating Joe Biden. They know why this is happening.Yet, we are supposed to be the pillar of freedom and democracy for the rest the world to look up to, and look at us tonight. It is shameful to see this.And I hope Americans are paying attention because, America, they think you are stupid. They think that they can pull one over on you. They can intimidate you into voting for Joe Biden. So make sure come November 5th that we prove them wrong.Sean, Joe Biden did this today, and people responded in such a way to our campaign and by donations. Our entire fundraising site crashed. It's back up and running, DonaldJTrump.com, if anybody wants to go donate.People were donating, Sean, not by the thousands, not by the tens of thousands, not by the hundreds of thousands, by the millions. And we had thousands -- I'll repeat that again for Joe Biden -- thousands of people are donating right now to Donald Trump who have never once ever donated to our campaign, period, ever. That speaks volumes about how the American people are interpreting this. November is coming and our verdict will officially be rendered on November the 5th.HANNITY: All right. Lara Trump, thank you. We appreciate your time.More reaction, the great one, Mark Levin is with us.Great one, I know you have a lot to say. We don't have as much time as usual.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I'll say this, no crime, no jurisdiction, no due process, conflicted judge, Soros prosecutor, Manhattan jury.You know, I'm going to tell you something, Sean, I've spent most of my legal career not as a former federal prosecutor, although I served as an chief of staff to an attorney general. I've spent most of my legal career fighting these people, suing the federal government, the DOJ, the IRS, the Treasury Department, the EPA, suing campaigns, fighting over voting rights laws and so forth.And one thing I don't think our audience understands and you need to understand, we have too many lawyers who are risk averse, too many lawyers who will whine and complain. I have spent 40 years sitting down with people who put on legal brass knuckles and take these bastards on in court. I'm on the -- at the appellate and Supreme Court level, that's where my focus has been my entire career.So what they need to do now in my view is to go up the appellate chain in New York, we need to stop whining about how long that's going to take, seek any emergency, immediate appeal that you possibly can. That's one -- one lane.And the other lane is to try like hell to get to the Supreme Court.People say, well, they're not going to take it? You know what? If George Patton was said, I don't think I can get to the Battle of the Bulge in time, we would have lost World War II. I am sick and tired of these legal defeatists.We need to stop whining, stop complaining, we know what the hell we're up against. It's not news. It's a fact.We got to fight these people with our smarts. We have to take some risks. We need to push the edge of the envelope. I don't mean in a way that that kooks do it, we need to look at Bush versus Gore. Why did the Supreme Court take that case from the Florida Supreme Court?We need to look at things like common law writs which I know the audience don't understand, but a lot of lawyers do. Not writs of certiorari based on statute but common law writs based on judicial decisions.We need to give the Supreme Court the opportunity to fix this. Why? We cannot have local acting judges, Soros D.A.s, 15,000 district attorneys office, God knows how many state judges, destroying our federal election system, influencing how we elect the president of the United States and if we have a pathway to bring it to the Supreme Court, even though it's rarely used, and by God we use it.We use every legal quiver that we possibly can muster, rather than sitting around and saying, well, it'll take three months. Fine, follow that. Preserve the state appellant system.And as for this idea that I have a faith in the system, what is a judge? He's flesh and blood. He's a person. He's a lawyer who happens to have a robe.If the judge doesn't respect the rule of law, why the hell should I respect the judge? If the prosecutor doesn't respect the law -- rule of law why the hell should I respect the prosecutor?So far, the judicial system, so far, has let down the American people and the Supreme Court needs to step up. This is a federal matter, a presidential matter, and it's going to get worse before it gets better.HANNITY: It's a great book, we need to dust it off, "Men in Black", you wrote it.Great one, Mark Levin, thank you.More "Hannity" straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Remember this day. This is the day that you now have the opportunity to give the final verdict. That's on Election Day, in the day's early voting. I hope you use it.That's all the time we have left this evening, please set your DVR, never miss an episode and please also let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld is standing by with a great show. Have a great night.