GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS HOST: Set your DVR, 6 PM Eastern, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for watching Special Report on this Memorial Day. I'm Gillian Turner in Washington. The Ingraham Angle is next.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. And this is a special edition of The Ingraham Angle. Thanks for joining us on this Memorial Day, where we remember and honor those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice defending our country.A reminder to all of us, freedom of course, is not free. Here are some of my Angles defending America, our borders, and our freedoms.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The rescue. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. The scenes today were not reassuring after the President bombed the Houthis and called the lid early last night. He bumbled his way through a school in Allentown today.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is Morgan Sherwin (ph) and Sam (ph).JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Along with our allies.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you (inaudible) often.BIDEN: I do.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm sorry.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Was there a lot to do, I think we're not to tell you earlier.INGRAHAM: I hope that poor girl got extra credit for having to sit there. Now just as we see the deterioration of our cities beset by crime, by migrants. We also see Biden's own deterioration with each passing day. Simply getting from Marine One to his car is a Herculean task.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: And he has the darndest time saying sentences with numbers.BIDEN: On my watch instead of infrastructure week, America is having infrastructure decade, decade. Over 1.300 million -- trillion -- $300 million.INGRAHAM: Billion, 300 million, trillion. Yes, Niko (ph) used to say things like that when he was three. Now let's go back a decade or so, it's Friday. We'll have fun with this. Well Joe, at that point could at least be edited to look peppy.(VIDEO PLAYING)BARACK OBAMA (D) 44TH U.S. PRESIDENT: All right. We're going to be in trouble with Joe and Michelle.BIDEN: Just let Michelle know, I did drink.OBAMA: Same time next week.BIDEN: Same time next week.INGRAHAM: Obama getting through that, that better have been vodka, but that was 2014. And now the Biden campaign is scrambling to find ways to make Joe appear vigorous but isn't working.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, what did you learn about the balloon.INGRAHAM: I love how he does that little trot and then realizes I better not keep running. Well, they push him out for his first campaign speech at Valley Forge. But then Dr. Jill has to rush in for the big save at the end.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: At this point, the First Lady almost deserves the title doctor since she's been rescuing him on almost a daily basis. But the Biden's have such little regard for the intelligence of the American people. They think that they can message this problem away.JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY: One of the things that drew me to him was his strength. I see that strength and that resilience and that steadiness every single day. He has wisdom. He has experience. He knows every leader on the world stage, he's lived history.INGRAHAM: What? We now have a new synonym for ancient. It's called lived history. While she may be his visiting angel, but she's America's eyes and ears.J. BIDEN: He can do it. And I see Joe every day. I see him out. You know, traveling around this country. I see his vigor; I see his energy. I see his passion every single day.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So, to those who say I can't vote for Joe Biden, he's too old. What do you say?J. BIDEN: I say his age is an asset.INGRAHAM: And as for that report, that Biden's have been on the vacation more than a third of the presidency.J. BIDEN: What people don't see is how hard Joe works every single day that he gets up thinking what he can do for the American people, and he does that, you know, his job doesn't end when we just have dinner together at 7 o'clock. He's on the phone and he's on the phone with leaders of foreign countries. And he's on the phone with his cabinet.INGRAHAM: When Wheel of Fortune is over, he's hard at work. But wait a second, did she say he's on the phone with his cabinet at night, his medicine cabinet, because we know he wasn't on the phone with his most important Cabinet Secretary at least who should be, Lloyd Austin, for at least four days.The vigorous, tireless Biden didn't even notice his Pentagon Chief was missing. But you're supposed to ignore that, that ignore the fact that your President is decomposing in front of you. And instead, you're supposed to worry about the guy who brought you peace and prosperity.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This has got to be so different than any races that you --J. BIDEN: It is.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: -- and your husband have run.J. BIDEN: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Little scary.J. BIDEN: It is a little scary. We have to win. We must win. We cannot let go of our democracy.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And if you don't.J. BIDEN: I don't know.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can't even think about it.J. BIDEN: No, I can't think about it.INGRAHAM: Well, of course, Donald Trump doesn't jog, he doesn't need to pretend to jog. Neither does he need Melania to act as his nursemaid or as co-president. Now no one doubts that he's the one making the tough calls and that his tough talk isn't an act.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's not sustainable for our country. We have millions and millions of people here. It is not sustainable. Did you see in New York City where they're getting the regular students out and they're putting migrants in their place. We are going to have the largest deportation effort in the history of our country. We're bringing everybody back to where they came from, we have no choice. We have no choice.INGRAHAM: Of course, he's right and he understands that America can no longer be a superpower if we drain our own resources by allowing free riders to take advantage of us.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Would you be committed to NATO, for example, in a second Trump term.TRUMP: Depends if they treat us properly. Look, NATO has taken advantage of our country. They took advantage of us on trade. And then they took advantage of us on our military protection. Of the 28 countries at the time, only eight countries were paid up. We were paying the difference. And I went to him I said if you don't pay, we're not going to protect you.INGRAHAM: Well, weakness, incompetence and self-loathing is what the Biden administration has shown us and shown the world from day one. Even Trump's most fervent detractors though, like writer Bret Stephens, they're beginning to see, even if they don't agree with him, why he's winning.The working class is getting shafted and Trump's the only one speaking for them. America needs a leader who can navigate the headwinds that we're facing, their strong headwinds. Someone who knows how to do the job and who believes in and works for the American people. And until we get one, America is going to grow as weak and as frail as our current president. And that's the Angle.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Coming up. If you want your suburbs to stay safe and free, you're going to want to stay tuned.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: They're coming for the suburbs. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. For decades, the Left-wing intelligentsia such as it is has enjoyed railing against the suburbs, calling them lily white hotbeds of dysfunction. McMansions managed by Stepford Wives, drivers of climate change. It's an endless ridicule and disdain. And they've been desperate to change the zoning laws in order to force social and demographic change on neighborhoods that the Left does not consider diverse enough. The word you hear a lot of now is equity. And this week, Biden announced initiatives to advance housing equity and promote what he claims to be affordable housing.BIDEN: Folks, you know, affordable housing have been a challenge for a long time. To solve a long-term, we have to increase supply, because when supply is down, demand is up, costs rise. The bottom-line to lower housing costs for good is to build, build, build.INGRAHAM: And how will this be done through a federal power grab essentially, an aggressive federal intervention and local politics, a plan to pressure cities and other localities to relax zoning restrictions that prevent the construction of let's say, a tenement in the middle of a single-family home neighborhood.Biden's outgoing HUD Secretary Marcia Fudge has said that we're about a million housing units short in the United States right now. Of course, this is like an arsonist complaining of smoke from a house fire that that arson has set himself. High interest rates and inflation both of which Biden is responsible for are the single biggest drivers of housing costs today. Add that -- add to that 10 to what 12 million illegal aliens and you have a true housing deficit on your hands.Now these new recommendations are a political wish list that could be the basis for his housing policy and a second term. So, if you like your suburbs safe and uncongested, and you like your gas-powered SUV, then you better vote for Trump in November because they're coming for both. Of course, we can't discount that politics are coming into play here either.Biden chose to unveil his housing policy blueprint in Nevada this week, where the polls are beginning to look very grim for Democrats. I guess we're going to see if folks in Reno and the Vegas suburbs are really clamoring for multi-story apartment buildings and their neighborhoods. I don't think so. Now, of course, Biden tried to make it sound all like kind of like a Norman Rockwell painting.BIDEN: My dad just always say was that the way you build equity in your home is the way you build wealth. So, when you build enough equity in your home, then you have enough money to borrow to get something new and move and so on. And that's how everybody makes it, everybody -- middle class makes it.INGRAHAM: So, says a man who has done more to damage the middle class than any president since Jimmy Carter. Biden's open border, the push for more foreign workers, his ridiculously high energy costs, his war on the gas- powered vehicles, all of it. Every single thing is an attack on middle income workers. Now, Biden himself tries to sell his attack on the suburbs as just common sense. But listen closely to the words of his dim bulb Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm.JENNIFER GRANHOLM, SECRETARY OF ENERGY: We're trying to embed structural equity into a system that has been structurally inequitable. And it's not just the community benefits plans, but it's also the way these tax incentives have been structured.INGRAHAM: Embed structural equity. So, all you racist in the suburbs get ready, because you don't have a right to live in such a big house on a quarter of an acre, a third of an acre, half an acre of land. Now, you're not being an ally for housing equity, if you do, and when structural equity and that lingo is not enough to get your juices flowing, radical socialist Congressman Jamaal Bowman has a message for all you capitalists out there.REP. JAMAAL BOWMAN (D-NY): It is plantation capitalism to have someone paying 40 percent, 50 percent, 60 percent of their salary towards rent. That is plantation capitalism. Rent should be capped at 20 percent of someone's salary. We need to invest and pass the green new deal for public housing.INGRAHAM: All right. I hope the business community is happy that they got into bed with those loons. Yes. The truth is, big government got us into this mess and more spending, and the destruction of the suburbs is only going to make the divide in this country more stark. Suburbs over time will become more like cities or worse slums. But the super-rich, they're going to be insulated from all of it.The only thing that will drive down costs is a booming economy, more growth, less wasteful spending, less offshoring of American manufacturing to countries in Asia. At the beginning of 2020, mortgage interest rates were 3.72 percent. Today, they're around 7.56 percent. So, doubling rates means first time homebuyers are forced into smaller homes or forced out of the market altogether.And of course, liberals love that. Well, for you, not for them. They prefer that you live like mice in a maze, or China style with high rises as far as the eye can see. Remember, the rules that they want to impose on the rest of us never ever affect them. The Obama's compound in Martha's Vineyard won't be affected by new zoning laws, nor will the Biden's estate in Wilmington, and the Clinton's, yes, they're safe and Chappaqua. And if the government doesn't deliver on housing. Well, some resentful miscreants are taking matters into their own hands by squatting in other people's homes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And now the landlord is stuck with someone in possession of their property who they thought they weren't turning to with one person, it actually turned out to be another.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Right to be in the house, ma'am, you do not. You do not. According to my lease, me and my girlfriend owns the house, so I don't know what you need to take out with the police, whatever the case maybe --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I own the house.INGRAHAM: Now, what a nightmare. And if illegal aliens already feel justified walking right into our country uninvited. Now why should we be surprised if they settle into our home too. Now this video supposedly posted by an illegal seems like something from the Babylon be.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My people I have thought about invading a house in the United States because I learned there is a law that says if a house is not inhabited, we can expropriate it. I think that will be my next business, invade abandoned houses.INGRAHAM: Because of Bidenomics, high interest rates and this stupid blue state COVID lockdowns that killed off so many businesses, foreclosures are up. And we know that banks are essentially absentee landlords until they can offload these properties, which makes foreclosed homes private targets for squatters including the newcomers, according to Fox News Digital.DANIEL PHILLIPS, REAL ESTATE LITIGATION ATTORNEY: Due to the increase in migration to the country, you have a shortage of housing, which is already a problem. And now you have a huge influx of people coming into the country with really nowhere to go. Although they're giving temporary housing. It's not a permanent solution. So, people are really looking for somewhere that they can possibly stay long-term,INGRAHAM: Yes, long-term, welcome. Although squatter stories really nothing new, they're becoming far too common in Biden's America. It's a sign of the times where Americans who work hard, Americans who follow the rules are forced to pay for those who don't, or just have their neighborhoods ruined altogether.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People find a house, that's for sale, that's empty. They break into the house, and then they claim that they have rights to the house, and they stay there. They know that the New York policy is with landlord tenant courts, it will take 26 or 40 months to get them out. So, they're never going to be held criminally liable. They don't believe so. So, they come in, they take the house and they rent out rooms.INGRAHAM: Oftentimes, the police get called, then they see a fake lease. The home's original locks and codes have been changed, and the squatters just continue to live there rent free while the matters all tied up in court. In Queens, a homeowner was actually arrested after changing the locks forcibly evicting the squatters. Yes, his house, evicting the squatters and he's the bad guy.But that's not like so much in liberal La La Land because look, no consequences for real criminal wrongdoing or phony charges of racism are just used as a battering ram, where everyone has to live with less with more crime and less freedom. Again, this is all done in the name of equity.Now, I know there are a lot of suburban women out there who think, got to vote for Biden, they want to save abortion, but the Biden plan to rezone the suburbs should send you running to Trump. Wake up, save the life you worked hard to create for yourself and your family. And that's the Angle.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right, coming up. What do Democrats and Oliver Twist have in common? More than you think. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening. I'm Mark Meredith in Washington with a look at tonight's top headlines. Millions of people are under a severe thunderstorm watch in the Northeast this Memorial Day. Over the holiday weekend. deadly tornadoes tore across the nation's heartland. The violent weather killed at least 22 people in Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Kentucky.Tonight, the storm has moved east creating delays at New York area airports and putting people living all along the I-95 Corridor at risk of damaging wind gusts, large hail and tornadoes.President Biden marked Memorial Day by honoring those who've made the ultimate sacrifice after placing a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington National Cemetery. He delivered a somber speech, the President saying, quote, freedom has never been guaranteed, and every generation has to earn it.That is a look at our top stories at this hour. I'm Mark Meredith in Washington. Now back to The Ingraham Angle.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Disappearing dreams. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.UNKNOWN: Please, sir. I want some more.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: More.INGRAHAM: Well, if Democrats have their way for another four years, you're all going to start feeling like Oliver Twist. You'll have less and be expected to be happy with it. Left begging the government for scraps. More power and control in Washington, less for you. Now here's the reality for young people today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARK TEPPER, CEO, STRATEGIC WEALTH PARTNERS: You look at the average income, 75 grand. How are you supposed to afford an average mortgage payment of $3,400?UNKNOWN: Young people can't afford to buy homes. That's part of the American dream, which unfortunately is now dead.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: There are consequences for runaway spending and borrowing, and we all have to just contend with this now. There is no way to defend this. But yeah, they're going to try. You're going to start hearing things like, who needs to own a home anyway? Renting is so much easier anyway. Houses just tie you down. You should just focus more on your work-life balance. Send me a memo when we've retired that phrase.All right. And remember, feminists, they've always believed that suburban life was repressive, even racist. But this is all a lie, or to use their lingo, it's all just disinformation. It's used to cover for the failed liberal experiment.Now, young people just starting out now see the American dream as out of reach. Yeah. Well, no wonder so many of them feel depressed and just stuck.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You just feel lied to because you thought that if you just went to college and got a degree, you'd be able to afford a house and, like, things that make you happy, but yet you still barely can afford groceries or clothes or literally anything that makes you happy at all.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, naturally, with the high cost of living, more are staying with mom and dad longer. According to a new survey by the Harris Poll for Bloomberg, roughly 45 percent of people ages 18 to 29 are living at home with their families. That's the highest figure since the 1940's. Now, in the 1980's, we couldn't wait to bust out of home at 18, but now many Americans are simply managing their expectations.Now, we shouldn't be surprised. This was their plan all along.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(MUSIC)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The globalists know best. Look, look at how well they did by our kids during COVID after all. And now they offer no real solutions to curbing inflation or bringing down prices. Instead, they're gearing up to tell us that really today's problems, they're just too complex to solve. Once again, we're hearing the phrase, the new normal.But it is not normal. That is a lie. It's a twisted, bleak world they're creating, and the establishment's handling of things is deeply unpopular.Check this out. A new Wall Street Journal poll is showing that most Americans think things are getting worse, not better economically. That's just over the last two years. Bidenomics was supposed to be making everything better.A new line from Washington, though, will be that we have to unite as Americans and simply all be OK with less. Now, they're going to also try to redefine patriotism as well.Now, remember, if you really care about protecting others, you needed to get the COVID shot. So soon, it's going to be, if you really care about saving our country from climate change, you're going to ditch that gas- powered SUV, your gas stove, your gas water heater, etc. And if you don't, you're just a MAGA troglodyte.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Let's be clear that the automotive sector is moving toward EV's, and we can't pretend otherwise. Sometimes when these debates happen, I feel like it's the early 2000's, and I'm talking to some people who think that we can just have landline phones forever.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: What a dismissive jerk, OK? And I kept thinking, I watched him, and I thought, wait a second, that was a Rhodes Scholar. I think Cecil needs to come back from the grave and defund the scholarship. Cars and landlines, that's the same thing? OK, Pete, go back to South Bend.Now, if you're a young voter, wake up before it's too late. You don't have to like everything about Trump or anything he does or says, but one thing he will not do, he will not turn the economy upside down, then gut your basic freedoms, and then tell you, get used to it. That is not the American way, and that's The Angle.Coming up, freedom depends on a functioning legal system, not one that's been weaponized against political opponents. My Angle explains it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Tyrants in training, that's the focus of tonight's angle. Is Donald Trump at risk of being America's first real political prisoner? I thought a lot about this over the weekend.Now, with the unconscionable financial judgment in that New York civil fraud case, the Fani Willis debacle in Georgia, the efforts to knock Trump off state ballots, and of course, let's not forget Jack Smith's January 6th criminal prosecution, what else are Trump supporters supposed to think?Now, there are various ways that despots cling to power. Political opposition is eliminated through censorship of opposing views, intimidation of free thinkers through harassment, and also show trials, of course, and imprisonment of the opposition. That's all part of it. And then there's always the threats to family members and financial ruin. Well, Donald Trump is facing all of that.Now, how do we know this is all political? Well, aside from New York's totally novel application of fraud statutes or Fulton County's spurious claims that Trump is running some kind of RICO enterprise, there's this obvious point. Had Trump just quietly retired from politics, none of us would have heard about Letitia or Fani or Jack.Russia and its Biden-era ally China, well, they're pros, aren't they, at destroying dissent before it gets too powerful? They're brutally vicious and efficient. China subjugates and tortures Uighur Muslims, Russia crushes pro-freedom protesters, imprisons Navalny, then announces a sudden death.Now, anyone who challenges the ruling authority now knows the same fate can happen to them. Now, by the same token, loyalists who prove themselves, you know, to be real followers of the movement, well, they get special privileges and accolades. And that's exactly what the leaders of the get Trump crew are hoping.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Watching this, you could see, you know, Fani Willis was, is standing on business with a witness. The House I saw today, frankly, was a clinic in black womanhood.UNKNOWN: He's a fraudulent businessman, and eventually those House of Cards fall down. But Tish James was really smart.UNKNOWN: There were many winners today. When the Court of Appeals opinion was issued, Special Prosecutor Jack Smith and his brilliant legal team.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: With communist dictators now, we know what we're getting, right? We're getting tyranny. Dissent is not tolerated, period. Of course, all supposedly to protect the tranquility and security of the motherland, bull.In North Korea, Russia, China, the rule of law is perverted, and it's weaponized against inconvenient forces. Everyone knows the game. Security forces, government lawyers, judges, they're not independent. They're all political hatchet men for the Communist Party.And since 2015, when Trump announced his run for the presidency, official forces in Washington have been unleashed on him. From the Deep State, to the Russia hoax, to the low-life D.A. in Manhattan. They call him pro-Putin as they scramble to put him in jail, bankrupt him, and even come after his family. And by the way, they brag about it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I look forward to going into the office of attorney general every day. Suing him, defending your rights and then going home.UNKNOWN: We ill rise up together and we will resist this president that ultimately will bring him down.(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And Friday, she bragged about getting her political scalp, claiming it was going to help the little guy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Today, the Court, once again, ruled in our favor, and in favor of every hard-working American who plays by the rules. Donald Trump and the other defendants were ordered to pay $463.9 million.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: This is not what America is supposed to be. This is Soviet-style political persecution. Trump's original appeal came from his message that the American system, run by and for the globalists, had become rigged against our middle class.That's why he got so much publicity. That's why people flocked to him in 2015 and 2016. He focused on our trade policies, sending millions of jobs overseas. We engaged in too many endless, pointless, costly wars. We had an out-of-control, unaccountable, permanent bureaucracy. And of course, millions of illegals were crossing the border. And America-hating radicals were taking over the schools.Of course, on all of that, he was right. But in their quest to not merely drive him from politics, but to destroy him personally, they've damaged every institution that used to have prestige and respect.Now, New York had the crown as the financial capital of the world, but today, what entrepreneur would take the risk in New York now? You get sideways with Letitia or someone like her, and you could lose everything. For no wrongdoing, by the way.Jonathan Turley put it well, saying the impact on New York business is likely to be dire. New York is already viewed as a hostile business environment, with the top end of its tax base literally heading south as taxes and crime rises. This draconian award is only going to deepen concerns over the arbitrary application of the law.Now, Governor Hochul, she knows this is going to backfire. But of course, that's a price she's willing to pay. Her political machine has told her to destroy Trump, and she's going along with the plan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I think this is really an extraordinary unusual circumstance that the law-abiding and rule-following New Yorker who are business people have nothing to worry about, because they're very different than Donald Trump and his behavior.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Weak, weak, weak, weak. Trump literally defrauded no one. And look, since COVID, many wealthy New Yorkers, they've left, right? Left New York, taken their business with them. This is just another reason for all of them to bolt, and they will. Now, Governor Hochul has proven that if you offend the wrong people, they will try to ruin you.It's not just the corruption in the court system. It's the FBI, the CIA, the DOJ, the SEC, the FCC, the corporate press, even the military. All these institutions are supposed to exist for all of our benefits, regardless of politics. Politics should never come into play.But about half of the voting public now believes that those institutions, for the most part, are just tools of the DNC. You don't play ball or you're a disruptor, think, you know, Elon Musk or Trump, and they will eventually make you pay, big time.Now, let's be clear. Trump got 74 million votes in the last election, and those people contribute trillions every year to our GDP. So are they all Russian sympathizers? Are they all potential insurrectionists? A mega-MAGA monster class? Of course not.These are decent patriots who simply want the government to work for the American people. There are none so blind than those who refuse to see.And in their rabid zeal to stop Trump, the establishment has not only sacrificed their reputations, but the credibility of key American institutions. By laying waste to their own institutions, the establishment is setting itself up for a major loss.Even if they finish off Trump legally, politically, financially, they're going to be shocked to discover that for many, many years to come, their position will be significantly weaker because so many voters and so many leaders in other foreign countries will know beyond any doubt that U.S. institutions have been weaponized for short-term political gain.So, people like Biden and Blinken, they can huff and puff about Putin all they want, but to the rest of the world, they're going to just look like hypocrites who will do whatever it takes to destroy their own political opponents. Look, if they had their way, Trump would rot in jail for the rest of his life. We all know that.So, when Biden talks about democracy or freedom or following the Constitution, that is just empty rhetoric, no more meaningful than the phrases we hear from dictators all over the world. We can only hope that the voters correct this situation and give us a government that truly respects the will of the people.Otherwise, this notion that America stands for freedom and liberty will become harder and harder to take seriously. And that's The Angle.Coming up, religious liberty, we hold it dear and sacred, and we should, and Biden is coming after it. My Angle calls him out. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Egg on his faith. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. Meet the constituency that the Biden campaign is desperately trying to win back.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Free Palestine. Stop the genocide. Free, free Palestine.(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: During the holiest time of the year for Christians, in New York's St. Patrick's Cathedral, the faithful could not even enjoy the celebration of the resurrection. The pro-Hamas protesters believe their cause trumps everything else. It was disgusting at every level. But was their disrespect, their sacrilege, condemned by the White House? By our president, who calls himself a Roman Catholic? Of course not. Because that would mean offending Muslim voters or left-wing activists.But the Biden administration, look, they're fine offending, even targeting Catholics and Christians of all denominations. Remember, it was back in 2022 that the FBI was considering the potential problems with traditional Catholics. And yesterday, the Biden team celebrated Trans Visibility Day, despite its coinciding with Easter.Now, this isn't a day started by them. It began back in 2010. But they have fully embraced the day, even plastering it all over their social media accounts. But Biden, confused himself, has proven good at confusing others.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I want to send a message to the entire community, especially to transgender children. You are loved. You are heard. You are understood. And you belong.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Because kids today aren't confused enough. But second point, if you're going to commemorate godlessness, at least have some respect for Christians and wait to do so another day. The left already celebrates godlessness 24-7 anyway, so an internationally designated day, week, or month is frankly redundant.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Today of all days, I stand proud and visible with my fellow transgender Americans. Happy Transgender Day of Visibility.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: While the White House did its best to brush off the Easter uproar, Christians do get the message loud and clear. But they already know that if they live their faith openly, or frankly, if they ever posted anything about biblical teachings on human sexuality, well, in this administration, they'd be considered bigots. Or even, even potential domestic terrorists.Now, everyone knows there's no room in the Biden administration at any level for traditional Christians who believe that the Bible is actually the word of God. But there is room for others.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We are going to fight and win wars with brain power. And if those brains happen to be in a trans body, or in any other body, you should want them serving alongside you.UNKNOWN: Diversity is just so important in our culture. It's important for our country, for the world. And so, we really need to welcome diversity and actually celebrate diversity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That might have been a little too much Rachel tonight. All right, all diversity except ideological or intellectual diversity, of course. They don't like any of that. The Biden team, the Democrats, the media, they believe, and frankly, they mandate total conformity and submission.If you question them at all, you're an outcast. You might be a racist, misogynist, etc. And the only way that you can be a Christian and not be a bigot, is to be a cafeteria Catholic. Or, you know, you can be more spiritual than religious. That's usually OK.It's so bad for Biden, that even the fairly liberal Washington, D.C. Cardinal Wilt Gregory could not hide his own dismay.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I would say that he's very sincere about his faith. But like a number of Catholics, he picks and chooses dimensions of the faith to highlight while ignoring or even contradicting other parts.There's a phrase that we have used in the past, a cafeteria Catholic. You choose that which is attractive and dismiss that which is challenging.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right, I love that. OK. But does Biden even care? I don't know, but thank goodness. With all this controversy swirling, the intrepid Al Roker, in his barometric pressure, was at the White House today to ask about the upset that Biden has caused among Christians.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: How was Easter for you guys?BIDEN: Great. We spent it up at Camp David. The whole family, my dad used to say family is the beginning, middle and end. We had them all up there. We went to Mass on Saturday and we had a great Easter egg hunt. We actually take these plastic eggs and put some dollars in them.JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: This is egg- ucation. So, as you can see, there's something for everybody here.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wait, did she actually -- wait, wait. Did she actually say egg- ucation? Biden's verbal mumbles and stomps, those are one thing. But his willingness to offend Christians, his failure to speak out against what his fellow Catholics had to put up with at St. Patrick's, that speaks volumes.If prayers at a large mosque during a Muslim holy day had been similarly disrupted and ruined by, let's say, pro-Israel protesters, some type of Christian protesters, I have a feeling we would have heard from the White House.Now remember, their messaging is always political, though. And now, well, Christians hear them. And that's The Angle.That's it for us tonight. Thank you for watching this special edition of the Ingraham Angle. We will never forget those who fought and died defending our country, our freedoms, for our family, our grandchildren, posterity. And don't forget, fly your flag proudly. And remember your flag etiquette.Remember, it is America, now and forever. And Jesse Watters Primetime takes it from here.