SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And tonight, Alvin Bragg's -- well, crowning political show trial is almost over. The closing arguments are in the books, and soon, 12 jurors selected from one of the most anti-Trump districts in the entire country, they will decide the fate of Donald Trump pending appeal. Now, today, the prosecution asked jurors to throw caution to the wind, convict the former president of a crime that they were never able to explain, let alone prove it.In fact, Bragg wants the jury to hand down 34 felony convictions based on what we have been saying from the beginning, a novel legal theory surrounding a misdemeanor document labeling allegation, well past the statute of limitations, up charge to a felony because of this mysterious election law violation that was never charged or prosecuted ever anywhere in America. And this entire convoluted case relies on one witness, a convicted liar, admitted liar, disbarred lawyer by the name of Michael Cohen.Now, we have talked in detail about Bragg's ulterior motives and Cohen's utter lack of credibility. We have talked about a judge that should have recused himself. But tonight, another major story is emerging and it surrounds the judge, and that's Juan Merchan.The Biden donating judge has now placed basically cinder blocks on the scales of justice. First, he attempted to silence Donald Trump within unconstitutional gag order. Next, he allowed the prosecution to run wild with speculation and insinuate the court to -- in court that Trump was guilty of phantom election violations that were charged or that weren't even charged or prosecuted. Merchan then allowed a shady cast of characters that the prosecution called to the stand to say whatever. Stormy Daniels can talk about ghosts and dead people, tell raunchy stories and bad jokes that were in no way relevant or material to the case.The judge also allowed Michael Cohen to profit from his testimony and apparently, according to the defense attorneys, lied on the stand repeatedly.According to our own Trey Gowdy, the defense gave up objecting because it was almost never sustained by the judge. But when it came to the defense, Judge Merchan sustained almost every objection. What is he doing? Hamstringing witnesses, yelling at Trump's lawyers, openly rebuking one witness in front of the jury.Judge Merchan's distain for all things Trump, it was palpable beginning to end, but he is adherence to the law was nowhere to be found. This is by every measure, a travesty injustice perpetrated by Judge Juan Merchan.Make no mistakes, there is no credible evidence in this case of any crime committed by Donald J. Trump. The prosecution star witness was not just a thief, but also admitted convicted liar. And as Trump's attorneys put it, Cohen is the MVP of liars.In closing arguments, they referred to Cohen as the GLOAT, the greatest liar of all time. He lied on his taxes, he lied to his bank, he lied to the Mueller investigation team, he lied to a federal judge, he lied to Congress on multiple occasions, lied to his family, and lied to the media.And during this current trial, Cohen was accused of lying on the stand during multiple occasions. Keep in mind, a non-disclosure agreement, it is not a crime. Paying a publication, working with the publication like the "National Enquirer", what they call catch and kill about a story, that is also not a crime.The prosecution wants jurors to believe that the way those payments were labeled was incorrect and illegal, and some type of federal election fraud. These payments were to Trump's attorney, they were labeled a legal expense because that's what they were.Ultimately, the burden of proof is supposed to be with the prosecution and they proved nothing. And by the way, where's the evidence that Donald Trump, because intent matters here, where is the intention that he violated the law, where's the evidence that he committed an election violation? Why should anyone believe that Michael Cohen is telling the truth this time?But, of course, Judge Juan Merchan, well, he has done his best to basically tip the scales of justice with cinder blocks, constantly giving the prosecution whatever they want, while severely limiting the defense around on every turn. This is not justice in America.This is lawfare being waged by a Biden loving prosecutor with the help of a Biden donating judge, to be decided by a jury from the borough of Manhattan in New York City where Biden won just shy of 98 percent of the vote. There's no crime, there's no evidence of a crime. There's no credibility in this case.But a jury might well vote to convict simply because Donald Trump is on trial with a judge that that obviously wants him convicted. What did I say from the beginning of this trial? Donald Trump cannot get a fair trial in New York City regardless of the outcome, he did not get a fair trial in New York City.And for the record, Mar-a-Lago is not worth only $18 million, much closer to a billion, maybe more. But according to the Biden White House, this is fair and equal justice. It's not political, except today, all the Biden campaign, they decided to have a campaign photo op in front of the courthouse.Now, of course, Joe wasn't there. In his place, the campaign rolled out the 80-year-old Robert de Niro to rant and rave and ham and haw and yell and pretend to be a tough guy like he was in "Goodfellas". Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: This city is pretty accommodating. We make room for clowns. We have them all over the city. People who do crazy things in the street, we tolerate it. It's part of the cities it's part of the culture.But not a person like Trump. Under Trump, this kind of government will perish from the Earth. I don't mean to scare you, no, no, wait, maybe I do mean to scare you.If Trump returns to the White House, you can kiss these freedoms goodbye, that we all take for granted. And elections, forget about it, that's over, that's done. If he gets in, I can tell you right now, he will never leave.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Forget about it.All right. Anyway, like Biden, De Niro's best years are behind him. Sadly, he suffers from one of the worst cases of Trump derangement syndrome we've ever seen. Contrary to what you heard from de Niro, the greatest threat to our American republic, this great republic of ours, this constitutional republic is not from the guy facing real prison time because of this political show trial.Instead, it would be the far-left prosecutors, the bureaucrats who have turned your system of justice into a tool for political retribution. Our constitutional republic be damned, equal justice under the law be damned, equal application of our laws be damned. Welcome to Joe Biden's America.All right. Here with more, FOX News contributor Jonathan Turley is with us.Jonathan, you had some amazing observations today and how the defense had to live in Judge Merchan's small neighborhood while prosecutors got to globe trot, you know, pretty much all around the world with whatever theory they wanted to throw out, or allegation, with pure impunity here. And you actually went and said by allowing prosecutors to state these transactions were campaign violations, Merchan turned this into a canned hunt how is a juror supposed to question the charges when the jury starts with this erroneous assumption.Now, you're a professor of law. How could that be in this country? It sounds to me like cinder blocks were put on the scales of justice by the judge that wants an outcome. Am I wrong?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it's not that I haven't -- I seen anything like this, I haven't even read about anything like this. What I saw in that courtroom was really otherworldly.And you know, I've -- I've really attempted to give the judge the benefit of doubt on many occasions but what I saw today was frankly outrageous. At one point, I -- the prosecutor actually said that Michael Cohen committed election -- federal election violations upon the orders of Donald Trump. Now, Merchan has given an instruction that the jury is not supposed to attribute Cohen's plea deal as an issue of guilt towards Trump. So the defense objected and Merchan just overruled it, and allowed the prosecutor to repeatedly state that federal election violations by Trump are a fact, and that there's not any dispute to that.And Merchan just sat there, he was as useful as a ficus plant in that courtroom. It was -- I kept on waiting looking at him for some sign that he was even listening to some of these arguments.At one point, the prosecutor said that Hope Hicks burst into tears because she knew that she had destroyed any defense by Donald Trump. Really? How do you know that?At another point, the prosecutor basically started to testify and said that -- to catch and kill techniques are just not used in the media or politics that this is beyond anything that the media or political groups have ever done. That's not in the record. He was giving testimony. There was no expert as to that.Hillary Clinton killed and planted cases in that very election, some of the most outrageous hoaxes were perpetrated by the Hillary Clinton campaign with an enabling media. In fact, many of those reporters listening helped the Hillary campaign do that.And so, that's what was so otherworldly about today. And I can't imagine a jury member going into deliberations and not a assuming that it is an established fact that federal election law violations have occurred in this case because the Trump has allowed the prosecutors to say it dozens of times.HANNITY: So you're saying that the jury now has been told dozens of times these payments for campaign violations. The judge let that false claim stand uncontradicted.Now I don't know what to infer from that, because I agree with you that hearing that and, of course, when the defense tried to object, they were overruled almost every time until the end, they got, you know, a bone throw thrown to them once or twice probably because the judge was tired. But short of that, it was allowed in -- it was allowed to be stated as fact.Now, what does that mean not just for the jury but for the outcome for a potential appeal if there was a conviction?TURLEY: Well, you know, some of what the prosecutors said I hope the jury view use is obviously ridiculous. At one point, the prosecutor said that when Michael Cohen went into a bank to send a financial transaction and wrote something untrue, that Trump must have known that. Well, how many clients know how their attorneys frame a financial transfer in a bank? I mean that's how really sort of overextended the prosecutors were.But the main problem here is still that the judge has allowed this erroneous assumption to be reinforced. There is no federal election contribution violation here. It is and the judge stopped a federal -- a legal expert who would have said that.And so, when they go into that room, they're going to start with that proposition and that's going to take them a long way now does that mean that it's a it's a lead pipe cinch for conviction? No. I think what it means is that the chances of an acquittal are diminishing to the point of vanishing.But I think there's still a chance of a hung jury. If any of these jurors just say you know what, none of this holds together. I mean, you also had all these witnesses saying that you know this designation was made by a antiquated drop-down menu that listed things as legal expenses, and where's Weisenberg -- Weisselberg? They keep on referring to this guy but he's not being brought in.And when they quoted Trump in this closing argument, it was Cohen quoting Trump. So I'm hoping that one of these jurors or two are going to say, look, I think that we're being played for chumps here.HANNITY: And there were, you know, allegations that were allowed to be stated in court that are not proven and there were no facts to back them up. There was no evidence to back it up.You know, one of the more spectacular parts of I think the prosecution's close was how much time they spent trying to rehabilitate Michael Cohen's devastating testimony. You know, you keep and literally saying you can't blame con for selling you know Trump in jail merchandise or making money and millions of dollars writing books and a and a podcast or admitting he hates Trump wants him in jail, and Cohen felt like he did him dirty I think was actually a phrase that was used at one point, and that Keith -- the Trump's security guard had a coded language for the minute and 36-second call, and literally allowing, you know, this whole narrative to go forward about Michael Cohen.And I'm sitting here saying, oh, it's okay for Michael Cohen to lie on the stand make money off Donald Trump and you're going to excuse that away as the prosecutor and even commit -- admit to committing a crime robbing him?TURLEY: No that's one of the more bizarre moments. First of all, the prosecutors rehabilitated Stormy Daniels and said, she really wasn't out for the money. She was trying to protect her family, and it was an extortion. Really?She was demanding more money from Trump and this was clearly a hold up --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Put on the screen her letter to remind our audience. Yeah, let me put while you're talking, I'll put up on the screen her letter.(CROSSTALK)TURLEY: Also when -- yeah, I mean she comes, according to the prosecutors, she was this innocent victim was pulled into the vortex of Donald Trump. And I think that even jurors must have been sort of laughing under their breath, but then when it came to Cohen. I would think that some jurors would be insulted. I mean, here's the Stormy Daniels letter you're referring to.HANNITY: Yeah.TURLEY: And it's clear that this was a holdup operation.But when Cohen came up, they portrayed him like he was pushing some cart down on the street to support his family. They literally said he did this to support his family he had no money. He's living in a multi-million condo in a Trump building. He's made over $2 million. He's selling merchandise.And I think that's -- yeah, and I think that some of these jurors who live in the real world actually have jobs might be a little insulted that you know give us a break. You can't portray this guy as desperately trying to feed his family from his penthouse condo.HANNITY: Long day for you, Jonathan Turley. Thank you for spending time with us. We appreciate it.Here now with reaction from the Trump campaign is Trump 2024 national press secretary Karoline Leavitt in the courtroom today.Karoline, let's get your take on today's events and maybe dovetail off of what Professor Turley was saying.KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP 2024 NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY: Well, today was an absolute dumpster fire for the Biden campaign, Sean. They woke up to a headline in "Politico" that the Democrat party is in a full-blown freak-out over Joe Biden's failing and desperate campaign and a couple hours later, they showed up to the criminal courthouse in Manhattan.Joe Biden's spokesperson was holding a press conference, all but conceding that this entire case comes from the top. It comes from crooked Joe Biden who is using Alvin Bragg as a far-left prosecutor because no other prosecutor in America in their right mind would proceed with this case other than Alvin Bragg who has Trump derangement syndrome.And who is the star guest at that press conference outside the courthouse today? Robert de Niro, an out of touch elitist actor from Hollywood because those are the only people left in this country who support Joe Biden, and he went on an unhinged tirade about President Trump.You know what he didn't mention? The real problems that Americans are facing, the fact that they are petrified about this weaponized government that Joe Biden is leading, the fact that inflation is robbing them of thousands of dollars every single month, the fact that we have a wide open border because of Joe Biden's weakness that is allowed an invasion of millions of illegal criminals and terrorists into our great country.Joe Biden's campaign is so desperate that was outside the courtroom and then inside, the courtroom the George Soros-funded prosecution completely imploded. They have lost the plot, it took them more than four hours to conclude their closing arguments because they don't have a crime and they know it.They've been doing legal gymnastics with this jury and I feel sorry for the jury because they've wasted six weeks of their life listening to this crap from George Soros's team, Joe Biden's team, Alvin Bragg's team and Judge Merchan who is a highly conflicted judge who has overseen it all.HANNITY: What is your take on -- on the judge allowing as Jonathan Turley was talking about in detail, all of this information to go out there. They've been told -- the jury's been told dozens of times payments for campaign violations, the judge let that false claim without any evidence go un-contradicted in this case. What's your take on that?LEAVITT: It's unbelievable to witness, the sheer bias of this judge. And every time our defense team proposes a objection, he totally overrules it, but he has all the patience in the world for the prosecution, he has the entire time.And as professor Turley pointed out, he denied a key witness in this case who would have proved that there was no federal campaign violation. That's why the FEC didn't bring this case up in the first place. That's why Joe Biden's Justice Department even passed on this case and so did Alvin Bragg's predecessor in the D.A.'s office, Cy Vance. They all passed on this case because there is no crime.The judge knows that, and he's a highly conflicted judge for reasons that President Trump can't even talk about because he imposed an unconstitutional gag order on the president because he doesn't want President Trump to expose the truth about his corruption.HANNITY: That's why he did not -- he did not step in and stop this un- contradicted, false narrative to go forward in closing arguments today. Outrageous beyond anything I've ever heard or seen in my life.Karoline Leavitt, thank you.Here now with more on today's closing arguments, FOX Business correspondent Lydia Hu is with us. She was in the trial today.Wow. I was watching you earlier and what a day you had.LYDIA HU, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, great to be with you.It was certainly a long day, not just for us covering this trial but for the jurors. I mean, I've heard the point already been made by your prior guests about the length of this trial, this was the sixth week of testimony. So think about that as from the perspective of the jurors, setting your own life aside for six weeks to hear about this case. And then today, starting your day at 9:30 in the morning with closing arguments from the defense and ending 8:00 p.m. tonight, closing arguments from the prosecution finally wrap up. You have to wonder, are -- is the jury hearing all of this information, particularly from the prosecution and they're winding and long painstaking closing arguments? And is the jury concluding, wow, they're saying a lot, so this must be important or is it the reverse.They're saying a lot and I really wish this would be over. You know, we'll soon get an indication when this jury gets the case, we assume tomorrow after they hear the charging instructions, but certainly a long day for all involved.HANNITY: Any feel for the jury as you were in the courtroom?HU: Well, today, I was in the overflow. So I didn't have the opportunity to lay my eyes on them, but I was able to see them on one occasion, one day when I was in the main courtroom, the first day that Stormy Daniels took this stand, and I have to say, it was Stormy Daniels that really captivated their attention. I mean, and that was probably the whole intent and purpose of putting her on the stand by the prosecution.She has nothing to do with falsified documents which, Sean, we should remind everyone that's what this case is about. But certainly, she had a salacious story to tell and the jurors, they did seem interested in it.HANNITY: And Judge Merchan, again, allowing, you know, all the latitude in the world, you know, all the salacious material, none of it relevant, none of it material to the case, but the jury gets prejudiced by such. Unbelievable.All right. Lydia, thank you so much. We appreciate it.When we come back, more on closing arguments in Trump's New York case. We'll check in with our legal panel, Gregg Jarrett, Alan Dershowitz.Later on, Laura Trump was in the courtroom all day. We'll get her take, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Both the defense and prosecution have now delivered their closing arguments. What kind of an impact will they have on the jury's final verdict?Here to weigh in, FOX News legal analyst, best-selling author Gregg Jarrett, Harvard law professor and best-selling author, Alan Dershowitz.Good to see you both.Gregg, start with you. You know, one of the things I found pretty interesting is, you know, the judge allowing this false claim by the prosecution to be brought in again and again and again, un-contradicted. And you know, the judge allowing even the prosecution to read unrelated quotes from Trump's book. Again, why would they allow that?You know, Trey Gowdy says it's stunning some of the objections which are overruled, the prosecution just accused Donald J. Trump of threatening witnesses. The objection was overruled even on that. I mean, at some point here, you know, you've got to say you know cinder blocks and, I don't know, bricks are put on the scales of justice in this case by the judge.GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Oh, yeah, it's one in a long list of reversible errors by the judge.And you know, Sean, in the history of American law, never has a defendant been tried on an unidentified charge, no ethical prosecutor would ever do it, no fair or competent judge would ever allow it because every defendant has a right to be informed of the precise accusations against him. It's guaranteed in the Sixth Amendment.But even now, nobody least of all the jury knows for sure and as I say, it's one of the many reversible errors committed by Judge Merchan. I think the fix was in from the outset. This case was rigged by an unscrupulous D.A. and a biased judge and together they work to engineer an absurd legal theory.It would never withstand judicial scrutiny. They know it, but their goal I think is to gain a wrongful conviction to delegitimize Trump's candidacy. They contorted the law. They manipulated the justice system to create this illusion of wrongdoing, the end justifies any means.So, sadly, it's now up to the jury to correct a manifest injustice and nobody knows how this will go.HANNITY: And how would they possibly know when they weren't even given an opportunity, Professor, to hear about the law from anybody other than the judge who obviously has a real bias against Trump? And if that was not apparent up to now, it certainly was apparent today, the Biden donor judge.Your reaction?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: There's no question the judge wants to have it both ways. He says that the question of whether or not there was a violation of campaign contribution law which there wasn't is a question of fact and then he denies the defendant the right to disprove that fact and essentially puts the burden of proof on the defendant.This hasn't been widely noticed but under New York law, the prosecution does not have the burden of proof when it comes to closing argument. The defense goes first, now what's the defense supposed to do? The defense under the Constitution doesn't have to prove anything it doesn't have to assert anything.It has no burden. No burden of going forward. No burden of proof. But when you tell the defense that it must go first, the implication to the jury is that the defense must disprove the case without even knowing what it is.And then you have these two gaping holes in the prosecution's case. Prosecutor misled the jury by saying that Cohen's testimony is corroborated. There are two points in Cohen's testimony that are crucial.Number one, the meeting in which he and Weisenberg (ph) allegedly concocted this plot, no corroboration for that, and where's Weisenberg? He hasn't been called. And second, the phone call where there was a complaint about some 14-year-old kid harassing Cohen, there is a witness to that.And I hope the judge will give a missing witness instruction. There wasn't enough emphasis on that by the defense in my view, but the judge should instruct the jury, ladies and gentlemen, the jury, the burden is on the prosecution. They must prove that at one or both of those meetings, there was a plot.And there's no corroboration to that. It's all dependent on Cohen's testimony, and there are two witnesses that could testify but the prosecution didn't call them. You should infer from the fact that the prosecution could have immunized the witnesses, could have called them but didn't, that if they had called them the testimony would be unfavorable to the prosecution.If the judge fails to give that instruction, it's clearly reversible error, one of 10 or 15. I don't think I've ever seen as much reversible error in a case as I've seen here, but they don't care, because they want the conviction down and dirty before the election and then if it's reversed on appeal after the election. Nobody cares and of course the appeal goes to a New York court as well.So this is so unfair. It is such a stain on the American system of justice. You know, as a liberal Democrat who's voted all my life for Democrats, don't know who I'm going to vote for in this coming election, that's an open issue, but in the past I voted Democrat.As a Democrat, I'm appalled, appalled at the way the law has been manipulated and distorted in order to get Trump, get Trump.HANNITY: All right. Exit question for both of you. I mean, the prosecution had to spend hours today trying to rehabilitate Michael Cohen. They tried to make excuses for his stealing. They tried to make excuses for his lying.To the extent they did that, Gregg Jarrett, that tells me they knew that there was great damage to their star witness. They called him, you know, they -- he was their star witness, they knew that there was great damage there.Well and did they rehabilitate him enough to convince this jury to believe a single word he said? Last question.JARRETT: Yeah. I don't think even they thought they rehabilitated Michael Cohen. There's no fixing the self-proclaimed fixer. He is, you know, the kind of person that nobody should ever believe.And then they said in a magic pirouette, oh, forget about Michael Cohen, because there's a mountain of other evidence that incriminates Trump. Well, if that that's true, why did you even call Michael Cohen? The defense I think dismantled the prosecution's imaginary crimes piece by piece, beginning with the business records which were accurate not false. If jurors are convinced, Bragg's house of cards collapses.HANNITY: Thirty seconds, Professor.DERSHOWITZ: But it's a lie telling the jury that you can convict without Michael Cohen. You cannot. Without Michael Cohen, there is no evidence that Donald Trump directed the enlisting of these payments as legal or retainable. Only Michael Cohen does that.There is evidence that it was so listed but that doesn't corroborate Michael Cohen. So the prosecution misled the jury by telling them that you can convict without Michael Cohen. You cannot.You must believe Michael Cohen's account of those two meetings in order to convict and I hope the judge so instructs the jury.HANNITY: Okay, you're dreaming. This judge -- why would he start being fair at the last minute? Impossible, Professor. I bet everything I have, impossible.DERSHOWITZ: I agree.HANNITY: But you're right that's what he should do, but he won't.All right. Thank you both.Up next, Democrats they're in full panic mode over Biden's dwindling support. We've got a full report and the latest. Also, we'll get reaction from Vivek Ramaswamy.And Lara Trump was in the courtroom all day today. She will join us as well.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Now, despite the left's efforts to keep Trump locked in a New York courtroom, Democrats' 2024 hopes. They're growing worse by the day. And now, according to this shocking political report, privately, many Democrats are in full freak-out mode over Joe Biden's chances in November.James Carville, again, expressing his frustration with Joe and the Democratic Party. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: We keep wondering why these young people aren't coming home to the Democrats which all -- why Blacks are not coming home to the Democrats? Because Democratic messaging is full of (EXPLETIVE DELETED). That's why. And talk about cost of living and we're going to help deal with this, and don't talk about (EXPLETIVE DELETED) Gaza and student loans.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: My friend James Carville got it right.Meanwhile, a recent Biden trip is raising eyebrows after he visited his daughter-in-law's house Sunday night ahead of her expected testimony in Hunter's gun crime trial that's set to begin on June, the third couple days away.Earlier today, our very own Peter Doocy did ask the White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre about the visit. And, of course, she had no answers as per usual. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Why did President Biden have a private meeting with a witness who plans to testify in court against his son?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: And he visited her as that anniversary is approaching. He visited her days before the anniversary of the passing of his son and she's family. She was married, obviously, to his late son.DOOCY: So they did not talk about her testimony?JEAN-PIERRE: This was not about that. This was about literally the 9th anniversary of the passing of his son. That is upcoming in days.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Forgot the dated Hunter part.Anyway, here with reaction, former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy is with us.So "Politico", Dems full-blown freak out over Biden. Minority voters bolting from Biden could mean a disaster for Democrats.Carville, Democratic messaging is full of Adam Schiff, stop ignoring the economy. And by the way then suggesting Democrats steal Trump's medical records. He may have secondary syphilis, I didn't know it was Dr. James Carville, but that's him.Putting all of that aside, even -- I am convinced, Vivek, and you tell me if I'm wrong, regardless of the outcome of this trial, I don't think it has any impact on the election. Thoughts?VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER 2024 GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Look, I think it's a win-win for Donald Trump right now, where the American people have seen through the farce that is this trial in Manhattan. It is one of the weakest cases that have ever been brought against a prominent person and it is a shameful stain on our history that most Americans across the political spectrum understand. So that's the good news, Sean.Here's the bad news, the reason they have set the debate in June 27th, the earliest presidential debate in history, and as far as I know, the first time it's happened before either party's nominating convention is that I think it is the final trial balloon for Joe Biden. It's their way of having him jump through the final hoop before he earns that nomination.And so, the other side, they're diabolical. They're one step ahead on this as they frequently are, where if Joe Biden underperforms there, that's when I expect they will restart the race possibly with a new nominee. So, we're doing well now, no doubt about it, but complacency is not an option. We can't just worry about the other side, we got to do the best job we can about saying who we are, what we stand for and showing up in nontraditional locations like the Bronx or the Libertarian Party Convention, likely the places where Donald Trump has actually been to demonstrate leadership in leading the entire country.HANNITY: I've said that, you know, Joe Biden is one major fall away from losing that nomination, as he continues to deteriorate, seemingly rapidly in an accelerated fashion. I really have begun to believe you may very well be right. This may be his final test, and I don't know if there's enough Red Bull to keep him awake or jack him up enough to get through that debate without a teleprompter like he had at the State of the Union.RAMASWAMY: Red Bull or worse, I will say, Sean.And here's what I will say, in 2016, he had actually many of those reporters and debate moderators literally showing Hillary Clinton the questions beforehand. But one of the things Donald Trump has done better than Joe Biden is he has shown up in front of American audiences, even in the last two weeks, who aren't filled with people who agree with him that's the best form of debate preparation. He possibly could have and as a us president that's what you want you want a leader who's willing to actually engage with alternative viewpoints rather than hiding in their White House basement.So you mark my words, I think regardless of what Joe Biden does, he's going to underperform in that debate.HANNITY: Do you think any outcome in this case matters in terms of voters in their ultimate decision-making?RAMASWAMY: I think either outcome is going to favor President Trump and here's why -- once that outcome is behind us, people will see in the not- guilty case, what are they going to see? This was a sham trial, this was a trial where Alvin Bragg made a commitment to voters, saying that he was going to go after Donald Trump. You name the man, I'll show you the crime, that was his mentality, that's exactly what he did.In the case where he's convicted, nobody in the United States of America could still possibly tell you what exactly was the crime that Donald Trump committed, and if he's being sentenced on that basis, they will see the injustice of that as well. So this has backfired -- backfired as it should, and thankfully, we will be able to end the weaponization of justice when Trump wins that next term.HANNITY: You know, it's amazing, people forget, Bill Clinton's approval rating went above 70 percent after he was impeached. American people don't seem to have a tolerant -- tolerance for politics at this level, and this is worse than it's ever been by far.Vivek, thank you.When we come back, Sara Carter asking New Yorkers what they think is going to happen in the Trump trial. The answers may surprise you.Also, Lara Trump was in the courtroom all day. We'll get her perspective, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Now the closing arguments have wrapped up in Trump's sham New York trial. Well, it's time to hear what the people think.Our very own Sara Carter, she was in New York City today where she asked residents for their final thoughts on the case. Let's see what they have to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SARA CARTER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: As an American, how have you handled this trial?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm a Trump fan, 100 percent. I think what they're doing to him is outrageous.CARTER: Today's a big day. I mean, Trump trial is wrapped up. What do you think is going to happen? How do you feel?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You know, I'm -- my husband -- I'm kind of in like a different place. He thinks he's going to get convicted. I think it's just a big nothingburger.CARTER: Do you feel that this trial the way --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He's just a target.CARTER: He's a target?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah. He is. They know that he has a chance to make America great again and they're just using that against him. That's what it is. It's just politicians.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Looking for a guilty verdict.CARTER: Looking for a guilty verdict? Do you think it could happen?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Could happen.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think ultimately, he'll be able to run, even if he is convicted. I think it's more of like a show and I try to stay away from the noise.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. FOX News contributor Sara Carter -- you know, for a liberal city, interesting comments.CARTER: Oh, absolutely, Sean, and you can see the shift in how people are thinking. I think the majority of people are sick and tired I know everyone I've been talking to said they're tired of these sham courtroom dramas. They're tired of President Trump being targeted.And that's the majority of people, even -- even those that are independents or would consider themselves Democrats, they see this as the weaponization of the court system, the weaponization and lawfare, and they feel that President Trump is being targeted because of who he is, not what he's done.And in fact, I think what's really even more interesting is when you ask people, well, you want him prosecuted for those that do want him prosecuted, what is he being charged with? They don't even have an answer. They can't even express what he's actually being charged with.And I think that says something about this prosecution. It says something about the judge. It says something about the way the Biden administration has handled this.HANNITY: All right. Sara Carter, thank you.All right. Here with more reaction, RNC co-chair Lara Trump. She's in the courtroom all day today.Lara, kind of surreal from an outsider's point of view getting copious notes all day long. What was your take sitting there all day?LARA TRUMP, RNC CO-CHAIR: Yeah. Well, I was there all day with my husband Eric, Don, Tiffany, her husband Michael, we were there obviously to show support from my father-in-law because it's crazy that we're at this place right now, Sean, and we live in the United States of America.And what I can tell you after enduring six hours of closing arguments from the prosecution alone is that the only thing this trial actually proved is that Michael Cohen is not only a liar and a perjurer but also stole tens of thousands of dollars from Donald Trump and his company. Aside from that, they didn't prove anything directly related to Donald Trump.And they claim this is about election interference. Well, it's pretty funny to see the links they'll go to when it involves Donald Trump. What about Hillary Clinton and Michael Sussmann, and their ploy in 2016 with, you know, falsifying the Steele dossier to start the Russia collusion hoax?What about the 51 former intelligence officials who in 2020 signed documents saying the Hunter Biden laptop was not a real item? And in fact it was.Think about the influence that had on elections. The truth is, Sean, it is about election interference this case. This case is supposed to interfere in this election we are in right now, because Joe Biden's approval rating is the lowest of any incumbent in history.He cannot win with the numbers he has right now and you saw the panic on the Democrat side because who did they roll out today, a craze Robert de Niro outside of the courthouse spewing all kinds of nonsensical things. This is a serious case and it has serious implications not just for my father-in-law and not just for the people that are sitting there in that courtroom but for the future of America.It's disgraceful we're at this place but there was one thing I kept looking at today, Sean, in that courtroom. Right above the judge, right down there in downtown Manhattan are still the words in big bronze letters "In God We Trust", and I think at this point in America we have to trust in God. We have to trust that the right thing happens in this case. We have to trust that the right thing happens for the future of this country come November 5th of this year, because try though they might to interfere in this election, the American people are smarter than that. They are not going to buy that.HANNITY: Amen.Last 30 seconds, any read on the jury?L. TRUMP: I think it's so hard. You know, I looked at the jury all day. I have to believe that there are some people in that jury who heard the same closing arguments I did, who heard the evidence presented in the same way that I did, and that they understand what is at stake right now.You cannot convict someone when they have not proven a crime. The burden of proof was on the prosecution. They did not meet that burden and I believe there is at least one if not more people in that jury who are going to see it the same way.HANNITY: The worst person in that courtroom by far was a very prejudiced judge, a Biden donor.Lara, thank you.My final thoughts on this -- well, if you want to call a trial, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: I said from the beginning there is no way Donald Trump could get a fair trial in New York. I was right. No matter, the outcome this has been a miscarriage of justice. The bias from the Biden donating judge, Juan Merchan, has been on full display. He allowed Stormy Daniels to drone on with the irrelevant, immaterial, salacious testimony, routinely chastising the defense's witness Robert Costello. The judge wouldn't even allow an expert to fully testify in the law in a courtroom.Michael, the prosecution star witness, convicted liar now a thief, admitted that he wants Trump convicted, sells Trump in jail merchandise -- hopefully, somebody on this jury will see this from what it is. Anyway, it's a political lawfare.Let not your heart be troubled. Greg is next. See you tomorrow.