CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Of course, folks, make sure you catch me weekdays 2:00 p.m. Eastern on Fox Business, "MAKING MONEY" and that's what we try to do.In the meantime, before you start to enjoy this amazing weekend, you've got to hang around for the amazing FIVE, which starts right now.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone, it's Friday and I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro, along with Kevin Walling, Johnny Joey Jones, Shannon Bream and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.It's the Democrat's worst nightmare. Donald Trump rocking the deep blue Bronx with a raucous rally. The lines were spanning blocks to get in. The former president firing up over 10,000 supporters who chanted four more years. Trump on message laser focused on the Joe Biden disaster, demolishing sleepy failures piece by piece in his pitch to minority voters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: What a crowd, this is something.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We want Trump. We want Trump. We want Trump.TRUMP: Who said we're not going to win New York? We're going to win New York.On day one, we're going to throw out Bidenomics, we're going to replace it with MAGAnomics like your hat. I will give you low taxes, low inflation, low interest rates, rising wages, growing incomes and fair trade for the American worker. And we will make energy affordable again by saying drill, baby, drill. Drill baby drill.I have come tonight to talk about solving problems. The simple fact is Joe Biden is not getting the job done for the Bronx. He's not getting the job done for New York. And he's not getting the job done for America.We have mobs of migrants fighting our police officers and giving America the middle finger. Very simply, Joe Biden puts illegal aliens first. I put America first.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Democrats fuming at the sight of their base flocking to the rally. It must be soul crushing for them to see Trump assembling a diverse working class coalition and hacks like New York Democratic Governor Kathy Hochul had nothing nice to say except nasty smears like this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): Well, I'll tell you, it won't make a difference at all Jake and that is for Donald Trump to be the ringleader of a -- and invite all his clowns to a place like the Bronx, New York will never ever support Donald Trump for president.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But if you want to talk about clowns, Kathy, the left-wing media is full of them. Listen to how they reacted to the rally.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's not going to win New York, he's not going to win the Bronx. But that audience is not the Bronx, the audience is everyone else in states that he could possibly win and what he tries to do -- and there's no downside for him to do this by the way.What he's trying to do is just signal to other people, signal to people in swing states who are white, who don't want to be thought of as voting for racist to soften the ground there.JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: That's right.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, maybe he's not such a racist.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But people of the Bronx are making up their own minds about Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We've been voting down the same party for years now. And nothing has changed, things gotten out of control. We're dealing with housing situations, we're dealing with homelessness, the mentally I'll, crimes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The cost of living has spiraled out of control. I don't see Biden doing anything about it.And also, there's an influx at the border that needs to be dealt with. And I think that Trump is the man to do it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because I've seen the change go for the worst with the Bidenomics, with the Democratic Party. I've been Democrat all my life, and Donald Trump, he just has the right answers.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: So, Donald Trump dares to go into the big blue Bronx. Biden wouldn't do that in a deep Republican area, would he?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I don't expect him to. Yes, basically through a bash in their backyard,And Hochul calling them clowns is rich. He looks like she played seven minutes in heaven with Bozo the Clown. Lot of makeup there, lady.This is a -- this is a battle between reality and ideas. So, the reason why I think Trump resonates and why there's excitement is that he talks about real things, not ideas. So, it's like jobs. It's crime, the border and prices, and then he talks about bacon. He goes off on bacon, I can't buy bacon, that's a thing.And Joe right now and the Democratic Party are floundering in ideas. You know, white supremacy, threats to democracy, the soul of America, these are things that you cannot touch. These are concepts.But when you talk about your family, that is real. When you talk about your kids, that is real. What Joe is pushing is a denial of what's real by calling everything an idea.So, gender isn't real. It's an idea. Crime isn't real. It's a perception. Inflation isn't real. It's a concept.I think the mistake that the Democrats have made probably in the last 10 years or so, is that they left the world of the real for the world of the abstract. They took -- they took the lead from the campuses, and they abandoned the coldest sack.So, like when you think about your -- you think about how you think about your friends, whether they're Democrats or Republicans, their friends, their family, their relatives, their coworkers, but to the dems it became vessel -- everyone became a vessel of power, you know, oppressor versus oppressed. Gender becomes a fluid concept. The border is at -- the border is not a tangible thing.Right now, you're seeing people kind of react and go, like, what is Biden talking about? None of these things resonate in my life.Meanwhile, this guy is actually talking about the stuff we see every day, immigrants outside of hotels, you know, driving up Sixth Avenue, guy's passed out. It's like, those are things that you can touch, although I don't advise it.PIRRO: You know, Shannon, when you listen to Donald Trump here, he was very authentic. He was himself. There were no sweeping generalizations. There were no -- you know, there was no hyperbole.He was just real. I mean, Greg is right about that. I mean, do you think that he hit the message the way he wanted to?SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I think he feels like there's an opportunity. Republicans see an opportunity to say, there's been a shift. They want to point to Democrats, for example, the progressive stuff, and what's happening on campus saying, they're now the ultra-elite Ivy League educated folks, we're now the working class party. That's the argument they want to try to be able to make.So, I think he was willing to go here, and let the optics do some of the talking where President Biden goes to very controlled environments, they're much smaller things.And as you said, I'm not sure that he's going to go to Alabama and try to do an event down there. But President Trump seems willing to go into here, he knows that everybody in the Bronx loves him. He's a New Yorker. He knows how this works.But remember, even if these aren't all Bronx people that are there, listen to the ones who do say they're from there, there was a teacher that one of our folks talked to you yesterday, who said, I'm from the Bronx I teach here. And when I look around and see the resources are being spent on people who are here illegally, that we have compassion for, but it means resources are away from our communities. And I'm struggling economically, that's a real problem for me.So, it's worth listening to those voices, whatever party you're coming from.PIRRO: Kevin, why are the Democrats so afraid? I mean, why does Kathy Hochul have to have her moment of -- her deplorables moment and call the Republicans clowns? I mean, you know, it's a race.KEVIN WALLING, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: I mean, this Democrat is just a little afraid sitting next to you, for one.But I'd say, listen, I'd love to see Donald Trump campaigning in New York, in New Jersey. Ronald Reagan last flipped New York back in the '80s. So, please spend all of your time and resources there.I think Shannon makes an excellent point, though, too, because we've seen throughout history changing demographics, right. The south was a Democratic stronghold for decades. LBJ flipped that, Richard Nixon flipped that back to the Republican column.You know, Democrats flipped Georgia and Arizona for the first time in generations with President Biden. So, you see these kinds of changing demographics, changing coalitions and we'll see how that plays out in the next six months.PIRRO: Do you think, Joey, that the president is going to continue to go into Democrat areas?JOEY JONES, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I mean, as long as he has to be here, probably. And you know, they flip -- they flipped Georgia with a lot of drop boxes and funny things. But I don't know if they flipped the hearts and minds Georgians.I'll tell you now, I live in Marjorie Taylor Greene's district and Biden, which would be comparable to New York City and Biden wouldn't show up there. And if he did, he wouldn't have a crowd.This is not about winning New York. This is about signaling to the rest of the country, and especially those that have big checks to write, hey, you're safe to bet on me because I can go to the place that I should have nobody show up and get a roaring crowd.This is about Cobb County and Gwinnett County, Georgia. You might not win Fulton but can you bring in 5,000 more votes and the other two counties that touch rule Georgia. This is about the people in Milwaukee, and Detroit, Minneapolis. States that Trump was competitive in in 20 -- in 2016, that might can come back in 2024.And you know, you watch that and you see where it's -- where that lady goes. We've been Democrats forever and nothing's changed. That's only half true. Things have changed.The policies that Democrats have enacted in big cities and urban areas to control rent and to control education and to do things to try to even the playing field and bring in equity have only hurt them. They've only held people down.And so, what has changed is the opportunity for those people to keep up with the rest of the country who's seen prosperity since 2008.And so, it doesn't matter if he wins New York. No. What matters is everyone sat at home and watch that and said, wow.You know, in Texas, the bigger belt buckle you wear, the more the better be behind it. You should have won a rodeo. That's like walking in with a big belt buckle. That's what that is. Signaling to the country, I can do this in New York.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: What's with the dark shirt?JONES: It's blue. What's wrong with it?PIRRO: It matches the tie.BREAM: I know, we got a little match in here.GUTFELD: I don't know.JONES: You don't like it?GUTFELD: You look like (INAUDIBLE).JONES: What's with the school uniform?GUTFELD: It's Friday. It's Friday. It's free dress day, Joey. You look like you sell Winnebagos.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: Coming up next, the Democrats really think this guy is ready to debate? Joe Biden the halls of blunder filled news conference for the ages, Kevin.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: President Biden not assuring folks on what voters say is his biggest liability, his mental acuity. The commander in chief, to be fair, fumbling his way through news conference alongside the president of Kenya.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Two years ago, our nation's first black Vice President President Kamala Harris launched the nation's first Presidential Advisory Council on African Diaspora Engagement.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank you, Mr. President. Two questions if I may on --BIDEN: No, one.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President, could you tell me what the African Union is doing, as well as Kenya is doing when it comes to the humanitarian crisis in the Congo? Thank you.BIDEN: What was my question?(CROSSTALK)(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Biden struggles with memory are getting harder for the Democrats to ignore. FiveThirtyEight founder Nate Silver has some tough advice now for the President.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NATE SILVER, FOUNDER, FIVETHIRTYEIGHT: Democrats might be better off replacing Joe Biden on the ticket if you were really as concerned about defeating Donald Trump has Democrats claim they are, then you should be doing everything in your power to maximize the chance that you win.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: But if the president does not step aside, James Carville is hoping that he could at least stand up to the far left to help solve some of his he thinks, polling problems.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: One question I'd love for the Biden White House to answer, why are they so afraid of the left?I mean, they (EXPLETIVE DELETED) him up on immigration policy. They can't even know win in deep blue areas. And they come into conflict with loosely aligned voters that we have to have. They have very little connection to black America at all.Yet, they disproportionately punch way above their weight. And I just, somebody understand it.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Kevin, you said, you hoped we could just fast forward.WALLING: That was during the break, we can't -- you know, don't give me a break yet.BREAM: So, let's just rip the band-aid off and like you started it because listen, James Carville, he's been around forever in politics. And one of his things I've referred to it before he said recently was, when he looked at the president's poll numbers, it was like seeing your grandmother naked. It was scary and you couldn't forget it.WALLING: Well, he's certainly a colorful (ph) guy. Listen, you know, 2024 is going to be a turnout election. It's not going to be necessarily a persuasion election. Every American knows where they stand on Donald Trump and Joe Biden, right?So, it's a balancing act for the president to fulfill some of the promises to the base and make sure that we're turning those folks out.Vice president is crisscrossing the country, college tours, talking specifically about abortion, student debt to get those folks out.And then it's also holding those moderate supporters that had been with the president for a long time going back to his time in the Senate.So, and again, we'll see how that coalition hopefully stays together in these next six months.BREAM: Well, Judge, the Democrats are saying a lot of things out loud that they were whispering were hearing in D.C. like a year ago, but now there's this open talk more and more about got to be prepared for the possibility he leaves the ticket.What happens if he does, though, does the vice president become the nominee? Do they go for Gavin Newsom? Where do it go?PIRRO: Well, if they don't go for the vice president, I mean, they they're going to have a lot of problems on their hands. And I mean, she is considered African American, Asian, and that whole segment.You know, it was Carville already said, there's very little connection to the black Americans in this country, Joe Biden. The last thing he could do is say, you know, we're going to -- we're going to bring in Gavin Newsom or someone else.But I think that the -- I think the issue is even bigger than all this of the mechanics of what will happen.Nate Silver's right. You know, if he doesn't get better by the end of the summer, I mean, the guy shouldn't be running.Well, you and I both know that he's not going to get better, he's only going to get older, and three quarters of the country thinks the guy is too old to be effective.My concern is, this is our president. Why do politics play into this issue at all? If we really believe in our country, if we really believe in America, and what it stands for, and then we're all unified as Americans, how can we let a man like that who can't speak, who's got to have pre- selected reporters, and then has to have conspicuously reads from printed notes? How can we let him engage with foreign leaders? How can we let this guy, you know, decide what are the issues that this country should be upfront about? And, you know, pushing forward.You know, this is not a man who was capable of being the commander in chief. I don't think this guy should have the nuclear codes. I don't think he's got his wits about him.And everybody's worried about politics. We should worry about this country and forget about him, he's too old. He's too decrepit. He doesn't know what he's doing. He plagiarize from the time he first showed up. He hasn't had an original thought since the day he showed up.BREAM: I think some caffeine during the break.WALLING: We're going to put her down as a (INAUDIBLE). We're going to put her down as a (INAUDIBLE).BREAM: You said you weren't feeling fired up, but you're fired up now, Judge.OK. Joey, do you think, though, that a lot of this is baked in, just like with President Trump, some of the hyperbole and the legal trouble and all this, people have already decided already knowing, I'm getting with that candidate.With the president they say, all right, we see always performing, he does say things that the White House needs to correct and those kinds of things. But this is our guy.JONES: You know, I'm not a pollster. And I don't want to necessarily contradict you but you said, this is a turnout election, not a persuasion election. I see it a little bit differently.I don't care if you hate guns, and you're pro-abortion, I don't care. You know, where you are on some of these topics that are far left and very divisive. If you're broke right now, if you feel unsafe right now, you might very well be sitting there saying, you know what, I voted for Biden last time, there's no way I'm voting for him this time. Maybe I will vote for Trump. Maybe I'll see what I get with Trump. And I'm OK with that.I don't like the hyperbole. I don't like the conjecture, but I sure like the economy. I sure like a closed border.And so, I think there is a lot of opportunity for persuasion. I don't know that the Bronx shows that but when you see a president get up there, and you dislike everything about him, but you almost have to feel sorry for him because the man can't get words out of his mouth. I don't know how people can support that and be energized by that. I think it's a huge problem.And they're not going to replace him. Because replacing him would be acknowledging the failure down the ballot on policy that he's enacted, because he has had a busy presidency, it's just not been a successful one.So, they're not going to replace him unless it is a medical issue. And so, I do worry, I worry for his health while he's commander in chief. And I worry that that's something -- you know, when Ukraine popped off, listen, I just hope we can survive these wars until we get a different president, whoever it may be.BREAM: Well, and listen. That's why there's so much focus on the VPs who the Trump pick is going to be and Vice President Harris because there are a lot of questions about whether they're the ones we're actually going to step up and the next four years.GUTFELD: Yes, whatever, Shannon.(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: What was the guy's name -- what was the guy's name? Nate Silver, OK.BREAM: Yes.GUTFELD: So, he said something that I hadn't -- that hadn't occurred to me until now. He was saying, basically, if you weren't positioning Trump as the most evil person in the world, why would you put Biden up there? Wouldn't you go like, oh, my God, we're fighting Hitler. We can't send grandpa Munster.Unless, this is where I come in. You got something else up your sleeve? He knows what that is. Because why would they do that? Why would they send this feeble creature to fight Hitler?Now, today, here's the thing. Biden isn't capable of things he could have done six months ago.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Now, jump ahead to November. So, at this rate, he's going to make Brezhnev look like AOC. And this is the only what if scenario the media won't touch, they spend their time doing these doomsday scenarios, you know, Trump is going to end democracy and they don't have evidence for that, or Trump is going to shut down media. They don't have evidence of that. But they do these doomsday scenarios in the Atlantic and they're also solemn.But the dog not barking is the fact that they're not covering the doomsday scenario of Joe Biden in six months. And it's the only one you could actually graph. You just follow the downward slope. Skates going down. It's going down.And you think about that onslaught of news about Trump's mental state from 2016 to 2020. And now in 2024, he's absolutely killing it. And you're thinking, maybe that was a hoax too.Meanwhile, you know the Dems are holding their candidate together with you know, twine and staples, and he's staining seat cushions instead of campaigning.So, maybe it's the same thing, maybe they're keeping -- they're keeping that under wraps the same way they elevated Trump's so called insanity.Are you disgusted, Shannon? Oh, you're falling asleep.BREAM: Oh, did you have something re -- talking? OK (INAUDIBLE) we're moving on now.GUTFELD: You know Shannen Doherty?BREAM: I'm a blonde, she's a brunette. A lot of good Shannons out there.All right, coming up, Elon Musk is at it again with another jaw dropping prediction about future AI and your job.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JONES: I love it. All right, jobs will be a hobby. Elon Musk making another one of his bold predictions about the future and advancements in artificial intelligence, watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELON MUSK, CEO, TWITTER: Probably none of us will have a job. If you want to do a job as kind of like a hobby. You can do a job. But otherwise, the A.I. and the robots will provide any goods and services that you want.(END VIDEO CLIP)JONES: Yes, Musk wasn't done there. The billionaire also giving a master class on how to shut down a liberal media reporter.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SPRIHA SRIVASTAVA, U.K. BUREAU CHIEF AND THE INTERNATIONAL EXECUTIVE EDITOR, BUSINESS INSIDER: Hi, Elon, Spriha Srivastava from Business Insider. Taking into Tesla, Tesla's had a bumpy few months looking at flagging sales at home, stock market decline, layoffs. When you look back, are there any things --MUSK: Will you stop the question right now? Because I don't think Business Insider is a real publication.SRIVASTAVA: OK.MUSK: So, let's go on to the next question.SRIVASTAVA: All right, thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, next question number four.(END VIDEO CLIP)JONES: Yes, he Steve Jobs one minute Donald Trump the next.Is artificial intelligence ready for primetime after Google's woke A.I. disaster? The tech giant's new A.I. search prompt is facing criticism for telling folks to put glue in their pizza and eat rocks.I got a 5-year-old, she's liable to do both. But Shannon, on a more serious topic, I think what Elon was saying is if a robot's doing your job and you don't really like your job anyway, you can dedicate your time to things you are passionate about.BREAM: Well, this reminded me, I was thinking about when Speaker Pelosi when they were trying to get -- when she was then-Speaker Pelosi, was trying to get the Affordable Care Act passed, and she said we got to do this so people aren't tied to jobs. So, they have healthcare. So, if they want to be artists or take pictures all day they can do that.But my question is if you're just doing hobbies, how are you paying the rent? If the robots are doing the jobs, I don't understand where the income is coming from for the hobbies.JONES: It's got to be universal income. Who's the guy that ran for the Democratic nominee last time?WALLING: Andrew Yang.JONES: Andrew Yang. He's been hanging out with him. It's got to be that. Greg, I had a deeper question for you because I feel like you really are bringing it today.GUTFELD: Oh, please give it to me, Joey.JONES: So, I was on a flight this morning with this guy. He went to Penn. He seems to be a real estate mogul from what I could tell. And once he started talking to me, he said that he's invested in an A.I. that will take the bias out of the media we can consume. And my rebuttal to him was that we all read the Second Amendment. The text are the facts but we read it differently. So, can A.I. do that? Can A.I. settle those arguments?GUTFELD: That is an excellent question, Joey. Right now, we're watching A.I. reach basic super intelligence. I was listening to Scott Adams debate ChatGPT over the 2020 election potential illegalities. It was freaky, right, because it came -- it came with its own biases and then Scott had to like tease it out because he knew where he was getting the information from. So, it's garbage in, garbage out. That's the way it's going to be with A.I.But what was -- what was chilling to me was every time Scott cut off ChatGPT, I felt that it was rude. So, I -- the ChatGPT had a female voice, she was very bubbly and accommodating. And every time he interjected, I kind of like thought, oh, I hope -- I hope she doesn't take it personally. And I realized, my God, I was assigning consciousness to something that isn't real. I don't do that to my toaster. I don't do that to my fridge or my car, but I assigned consciousness to something that apparently isn't conscious.But if you program A.I. to act like it's conscious, we're all going to be like this. So, get this. You jump forward 10 years, maybe five years, you're going to have a mobile A.I., a thinking robot in your house that's programmed to understand your needs, your likes, dislikes, also your politics. So, if you like Fox News and NASCAR, your robot's going to be listening to country music too, and it's going to understand your philosophies. So, it's -- this A.I. robot will be your friend, your therapist, your coworker.Imagine if someone comes over and kicks your robot. You're going to react as though somebody hit your dog or hit your child. You will have assigned it consciousness and you will think that it experiences pain even though you have no proof that it does. But maybe you could program the A.I. into thinking it feels pain so you can -- and this is where it gets freaky. You're going to give it an assignment as a living thing and you're going to expand the definition of living things so you're basically, in the theory of evolution or the concept evolution, birthing the next homonym, and we're going to be the Neanderthals. No one said in evolution that it had to be made of flesh.GUTFELD: I don't -- I don't know where to take that. I'm going to let it sit.WALLING: I'm terrified.BREAM: I don't really -- like, I don't want a moody robot in my house like what you're talking about. Can they learn like feelings?WALLING: And so Shannon like starts kicking that robot out of anger.GUTFELD: You're going to have a Liberal robot. I'm going to have a Conservative robot or we're not going to get along with them.JONES: Well, we already -- Kevin, we already have that. We have these -- and you know, Elon Musk sits here and says that. And he talks about free speech and wanting people to have conversations. But if I go on X, everything I see is programmed by the people I follow and the things I tweet.WALLING: So, it's algorithms.JONES: You and I probably won't see much of the same stuff. I mean, where does this go? I mean, we talk about how divided our country is. It seems like A.I. is the path to complete division.WALLING: One of the best things -- so, as Shannon knows, my -- I just got married in February. My husband is a Republican, worked at the RNC, so I go on to his Twitter to see what the world view is on his phone, and he goes on mine. And I think that's like a worthy experiment to see what the other side. And I wish more people would do that and step out of their zones. And then we start kicking each other's robots to Greg's point.BREAM: You guys -- right, you're going to have to get separate robots. In your house, you can have one.WALLING: Exactly. Or they're just going to go at it.BREAM: Rock them, suck them.WALLING: Yes. But it is an interesting question certainly.JONES: Well, then why do Democrats want it so much? That's the --WALLING: I don't know if we want it. Like, I'm scared about the future with A.I. Not in the like destroying humans Terminator scenario, but this is going to take a lot of jobs right and we're not prepared for that. I actually think Fox does a good job shining a light on all aspects of A.I. as a news outlet, right? You go on Fox Digital, there's a ton of A.I. coverage. But this is going to transform everything.GUTFELD: But if you have a -- OK, let's say you have a robot doing your job, somebody has to oversee that robot and that will be you.WALLING: We hope. Or Shannon Bream. Because I want my robot to be kind.JONES: Judge, as someone who's a little bit robot myself, I don't just hate them. But on the topic of A.I. itself, I can't imagine someone using an algorithm to the side of court case, sitting on the bench, sitting there listening to arguments.PIRRO: Oh, that's why I will be forever employed although I'm not a judge anymore. But you need judges. Why are you laughing?GUTFELD: Because I disagree completely. There are studies that show that judge decisions are based on if they ate beforehand.PIRRO: What?GUTFELD: You don't have to worry about that with an A.I.PIRRO: Do you think my sentence was determined by whether or not I had a milkshake?GUTFELD: You were hangry. You're hangry right now.WALLING: You're hangry.PIRRO: I know I said something. I want to say something about this. The billionaire told parents to limit the amount of time their kids spend on social media, no kidding, because they're being programmed by a dopamine maximizing A.I., and that A.I. will be smarter than any human by the end of 2025.So, if they're smarter than any of us and I'm not real good with this stuff, then they're going to get rid of me because they think that they're smarter than I, OK. But I'm smarter than they are because I'm not buying one unless it wants to do my floor like that -- what's that thing I have that goes round.BREAM: Roomba.WALLING: Roombas or Roomba?BREAM: But do you have an Alexa?PIRRO: OK -- huh?BREAM: Do you have an Alexa or --PIRRO: Absolutely not.WALLING: Everyone's Alexa just went off at home.PIRRO: You don't want an Alexa. I don't get it I don't know what the benefit is. I like robots that can do jobs. I don't want them thinking for me. I don't want them -- maybe Joe Biden needs A.I. I don't know. Maybe that's where I come down on it.JONES: All right.PIRRO: I don't know.JONES: Well, we'll figure it out I guess.Coming up next, look out for sharks. Jaws sighted at beaches ahead of Memorial Day.GUTFELD: Here we go again.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WALLING: Welcome back. Time for "THE FASTEST." First up, Memorial Day weekend is here, folks. And you're probably hitting the beach and you know what that means.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're going to need a bigger boat.(END VIDEO CLIP)WALLING: We are going to need a bigger boat. It is shark season. But should you really be freaking out about these chomp monsters or is the panic just a cheap rating stunt by our own producers here at THE FIVE. Experts are warning of an increase in shark activity along a popular Memorial Day Weekend spot in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. But according to PETA, more humans have died actually from attempting dangerous TikTok challenges this year than from shark attacks.We'll go to the resident shark adviser here. Greg, for your thoughts right off the bat.GUTFELD: All right, all right, this segment could have originally aired in 2011 or 2012 or 2013, we wouldn't even know because they used the same damn Jaws clip. Hey, the producer goes, do -- what's the best Jaws clip? You know the one where it's Roy Scheider -- and he looks, oh, that's great. Oh, it's Friday. It's Memorial Day weekend. Just slap it together. We got to get out. You know, I'm going to get home. We're going to The Hamptons, blah, blah.So, they throw this crappy segment together and it's based on an increase in shark attacks. No it's an increase in people at the beach. The sharks haven't changed. They're not like oh, it's nice weather, let's head over here. It's the damn people going to the beach. You idiots. Can we stop, stop this stupid thing?WALLING: All right, we've heard from our shark truther here on the panel. Shannon, what do you think? Coming from Florida, what do you think.BREAM: Listen, I am born and raised in Florida. My brother, Pete, this is for you. When we were in high school, he was surfing and had a shark attack him, tried to bite his leg off. He managed to make it to shore. It was all sewn back together. So, this is a real thing.GUTFELD: Oh, wow. So, once I got the flu.BREAM: But what can I say? OK, you let me know next time --GUTFELD: Are we going to do anecdotal stories now?BREAM: Next time you get bitten by an undersea monster, let me know. What I find much scarier about going to the beach for Memorial Day is wearing my swimsuit in public. That's scarier than sharks.WALLING: That's why I wear shorts. Joey, what do you think of the shark attacks?JONES: Well, the real story here is Jaws isn't even a top five shark movie. I mean, you have you have multiple Sharknados.BREAM: Right, Sharknado.JONES: You've got -- you' got the Jason Statham movies, the Meg. They're really good. And remember that movie where Samuel L. Jackson in the beginning is giving --GUTFELD: Yes. He's amazing.JONES: He's giving this big speech and he's so heated and then the shark just comes up and eats him real quick. I'm like, man, I did not see --GUTFELD: Deep Blue Sea.JONES: Yes.GUTFELD: Amazing film.JONES: It's good.WALLING: Don't give away the ending.JONES: All right, so as far as this --PIRRO: There is no ending.WALLING: That's it.JONES: Shark attacks and ice cream --WALLING: OK.JONES: All right, the bell curve is the exact same. They're directly correlated. We just have to figure out what it is. So, don't eat ice cream and you won't get attacked by a shark.WALLING: There you go. Judge?PIRRO: I got nothing to say other than you know if Roy Scheider is out there, I'll go out there just to check out Roy Scheider.GUTFELD: He's passed away, Judge.PIRRO: I know he did. I know he did.GUTFELD: You're disgusting.PIRRO: You're disgusting.WALLING: All right, all right, up next, remembering passwords can be the bane of your existence. But have no fear, a new Google feature lets you share passwords with your own family members. It comes as a huge relief to dads who are constantly being bugged for Netflix and Wi-Fi login. Shout out to my folks for always asking.Shannon, what are you sharing with Sheldon?BREAM: No, I literally can't remember anything. and then when you go in there to share the passwords and then it will tell you they're no longer good and you have to update them.WALLING: That's the most frustrating.BREAM: And then when you go into to change the password, and it's like, oh no, you can't use that one because that's your current password. And I'm like then why didn't you let me log in with the that password? I hate passwords and I make them really simple because I can't remember anything.WALLING: Judge, you were already saying your trainer has replaced his image on your phone.PIRRO: Yes, OK. So, this morning --WALLING: So, clearly he has access.PIRRO: I was working out with my trainer. I came to work. He put his picture on my phone.GUTFELD: That's your trainer?PIRRO: That's my trainer. OK. Well, wait a minute. I want to say --GUTFELD: What is he training you in?WALLING: Hey, hey!GUTFELD: What is he training you in?PIRRO: Shut up, Greg.WALLING: The Judge is skinnier than all of us here.PIRRO: OK. I got a point I want to make. Listen, to all of you out there. The older you get, do not give your kids your passwords. Because what they're going to do is they're going to say you're incompetent, take your password, and empty your bank accounts, OK.BREAM: Conservatorships.PIRRO: Yes.BREAM: You don't want that.WALLING: All right, real quick. Greg, yes or no, sharing passwords?GUTFELD: No. You know what I do? I look -- I do this for fun on the weekends. I go downtown and I share my password with strangers. And I just -- but they don't know -- I go -- I'll just go up to a stranger I go RL unicorns are fun. And I go, if you can find out what that is, you can have it.WALLING: Parenthesis. Joey, yes or no, real quick.JONES: Yes, real quick. Yes, share them. I don't care.WALLING: All right, there you have it. "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: "FAN MAIL FRIDAY." That was kind of a letdown as a song. All right, first question. This is kind of interesting. I like this. When you have to give yourself a pep talk, what do you say? Let's go to the queen of pep, Shannon. You're all pep and no talk.BREAM: It's all music. I play Eye of the Tiger by Survivor. And I'm like Bream, you got this.GUTFELD: Do you actually do that?BREAM: I do that.GUTFELD: I believe you.BREAM: Yes, it's the truth.GUTFELD: Even though I know you're evil.BREAM: I wouldn't mind though.GUTFELD: JJJ?JONES: You know, I don't know if I had to give myself a pep talk in a while, but when I did, it was like when I was in EOD school. And I just look at someone that was a complete idiot ahead of me and I'd be like, you know what, if they did it, I know I can do it.BREAM: I like that.GUTFELD: That's amazing.BREAM: It's good way to do it.GUTFELD: That's a good one. Kevin?WALLING: That's a good one. I cheat a little bit. As an only child, I call my mom for a pep talk.BREAM: I like that.WALLING: So, she's generally pretty good.GUTFELD: And what about you, Judge?PIRRO: Yes, I do it with music. I fire myself up with music. Is it Katie Perry did Roar?WALLING: Yes.BREAM: Yes.PIRRO: Yes, that's what I put on, Katy Perry or Kenny Loggins, This Is It. You know, like, this is it, Jeanine. You make it or you're done.BREAM: Judge and I are going to have a music party.PIRRO: Yes, we are.GUTFELD: You know what I do?BREAM: Or a dance party.GUTFELD: You know what I do to a pep talk when I'm -- I go and help somebody else.BREAM: Oh, no you don't.PIRRO: And then they tell you how great you are?WALLING: You give them -- you give them your password.GUTFELD: Yes, I give them the password. And then all a sudden, I forget my problems. And that's the secret to the world is if you have a problem, you help someone. Pay it forward.BREAM: We are the world.PIRRO: Yes, that's right.BREAM: We are the children.GUTFELD: What movie did you watch that stayed with you long after leaving the theater? Kevin?WALLING: God, this is like a pressure thing right here. I mean, I -- so, I loved Oppenheimer most recently, right? I mean, that was so intense. That stayed with me for a while just because it was so well done.GUTFELD: Oh, it was so long.WALLING: The Judge was right.GUTFELD: That was -- you know what?WALLING: It was long.GUTFELD: It was two movies -- it was two movies in one.BREAM: Judge, are you OK over there?PIRRO: Yes, I'm trying to figure out what it was. It was a movie -- go to the next guy.WALLING: Who was it?GUTFELD: Was it Jaws? Did it have a shark in it?PIRRO: Yes, Roy Scheider was in it. That's for sure.GUTFELD: Roy Scheider's best movie is 52 Pick-Up. Look it up. Thank you. Joey?JONES: There's this movie called Sucker Punch. Have you ever seen it?GUTFELD: Yes. Was it with the girl --JONES: Yes. I mean, in the end you realize she got the lobotomy at the beginning of the movie. Sorry to ruin it for everybody. And it's like it sucks. Like, all of this fighting and everything, it was all just a fever dream.GUTFELD: Oh.JONES: That was tough.GUTFELD: I hate movies that turn out to be dreams. And speaking of dreams, Shannon Bream.BREAM: OK, to be serious, when I left Saving Private Ryan, I could not speak. And I really felt like I wish every -- I wish it was part of high school curriculum that everybody could watch it and appreciate it. But I also have a Nacho Libre poster in my office.WALLING: Very similar plots.BREAM: Yes.GUTFELD: Judge, are you trying to find a movie that you watched?PIRRO: I tried -- I know I watched it.BREAM: She's Googling Roy Scheider.PIRRO: I don't know. It's not Roy Scheider. It's -- you got to come to me later. I'll --GUTFELD: It's the end of the segment, Judge. We'll have to come to you on Tuesday.PIRRO: Yes, I'll tell you on Monday.WALLING: You can tweet it out. You can tweet it out.BREAM: Tweet it out. Tweet it out.GUTFELD: I'm going to go with Deliverance. I always no I always think about Deliverance.BREAM: You do?GUTFELD: Yes. I find myself in my quiet moments thinking about how much I want to go canoeing.GUTFELD: You're so sick. You are a sick man.GUTFELD: And Joe Biden does remind me of the banjo player. Let's be honest. OK, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Before we get to "ONE MORE THING," a programming note. Join us on Monday for our Memorial Day special. We're kicking off the summer season with a fun-filled show. You don't want to miss it. OK, Greg, hit it.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we got a great show. I know you're probably driving but you know, turn it on. And watch -- you know what? I advise you to watch the show while driving. It's very safe. Paul Mauro, Vince August, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus. Watch it.GUTFELD: Hey, let's do this. Greg's workout tips. You know, before you go for a run or anything, always stretch those calves. Yes, and here you go. That's Bluebonnet the elephant in Fort Worth Zoo stretching it out, doing a little step aerobics. He got his -- got his trunk up and his legs out. Look at that. It helps with the balance and keeps her joints healthy. You know, he's running in the New York Marathon next week.PIRRO: That makes me feel bad. Like, how did they train him to do that.JONES: Torture.PIRRO: Yes, that bothers me. Anyway, it's my turn. Now, Barbie is honoring some female sports icons ahead of the Olympics. And just so you know, Barbie continues to inspire young women to know that there are many options in life including being a mom and in addition to being a mom. So, we've got tennis champion Venus Williams is one of the new trailblazing women athlete dolls. Alexa Moreno from Mexico World medalist in gymnastic. And an Australian soccer star. So, that's it with Barbie. That's it. Shannon?GUTFELD: That's it.BREAM: I love it. Listen, she had a doggy, the one there. So, I want to tell you about Bark Air because, Judge, you're going to love this, first airline cater to dogs officially took off with a sold-out maiden flight New York to L.A. They pamper pooches on board, get treats, they get noise cancelling ear muffs, beverage of their choice, another surprise. It's $6,000 though. But that gets you (INAUDIBLE) and a dog.GUTFELD: Roundtrip?PIRRO: That's not bad.BREAM: I think it's only one way. Lots of money. Lots of money.PIRRO: A person fly with them or just the dog?BREAM: Yes, you can. No, person and dog for $6,000.WALLING: And a pilot too.PIRRO: Can I take four of my dogs?BREAM: It's going to cost you a lot of money but you're good for it. By the way --PIRRO: That's not true.BREAM: "FOX NEWS SUNDAY" this weekend we've got Byron Donalds, Jared Moscowitz, people from both sides of the aisle to talk about the biggest issues of the day.WALLING: It's a great lineup.JONES: All right, I think it's my turn.PIRRO: Yes, it is, Joey.JONES: And so, something a little bit more serious than dogs on an airplane. Listen, I had the honor of interviewing the Staten Island Marine Corps Detachment last week. These are older veterans that are Marines. They go back and they do the color guard and the and the 21 gun salute for military burials. Watch the "BIG WEEKEND SHOW" this Sunday and see the full interview. It was really amazing.PIRRO: All right, we only have 10 seconds. Can you do it, Keven?WALLING: Great sorry. Charles Bird, 99-year-old, World War II veteran, just graduated with his great granddaughter.JONES: Here we go. Great story.PIRRO: That's it for us, everyone. Have a great night.