ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, SECRETARY, HOMELAND SECURITY: I do not knowingly make mistakes, Neil.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: OK.MAYORKAS: And in this case, I have followed the recommendations of a bipartisan group.CAVUTO: Got it. Secretary Mayorkas, thank you very much. A lot of ground to cover there, we appreciate you taking the time.That will do it for us here. THE FIVE is now.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Richard Fowler, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The White House, is the person or the group, whatever, they're the one trying this case. You heard who was doing all the talking, a representative from the White House, just recently. This is all about Biden, he can't campaign so he's trying to injure his opponent.They're trying to hurt the opponent because they can't win it fair and square. It's lawfare. There are a lot of terms for it. It's a third-world country way of campaigning. Such a disgrace. So sad to see what's happened to our country. Our country is going to hell under Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Donald Trump sounding off moments ago as his hush money criminal trial enters its final phase, court is over for the day. The judge says he will make every effort to get the jury charges to the both of the teams by the end of the day on Thursday, so they have four-day weekend for -- to prepare their summations.Both sides have rested their cases and the former president will not take the stand. Eight days from now. On Tuesday, closing arguments began and then is into that deliberation room, which could come as soon as Wednesday.The trial's end game not coming without some serious fireworks rocking the court. The judge clearing out the room to dress down and reprimand defense witness Bob Costello, a former Michael Cohen legal adviser, allegedly for making comments under his breath, rolling his eyes and Costello says Cohen is full of it and lied on the stand about what Trump knew about the Stormy payments.And today, the prosecutors tried to poke holes in his testimony. And speaking of Bragg's star witness, Michael Cohen admitting he stole $60,000 from the Trump Organization. The media doesn't see that as a big deal though.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because I've watched Michael interact with a lot of people over the years. He has this -- he has all those rough edges and all the lies and all this. But there's something compelling about him at the same time. You kind of believe it, warts and all.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That Michael Cohen, of course, has a checkered past. But we see convictions all the time with cooperators who have far worse histories, contract killers, mobsters, and yet you get convictions.JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The defense may think they racked up a big victory for themselves today. Now, pocketing 30,000 might be shady, but it doesn't change the facts of the case.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Trey Gowdy was inside that courtroom. He joins us here at the table to break it all down. Was it good to be back in court?TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It was. I got a headache just like I did in the old days is that I love being in there but I felt powerless. When you're an observer, and you want to whisper something, particularly, you know, the judge's rulings, his strike zone was a little bit different from the prosecution and the defense, wanted to -- wanted to get involved because I was a prosecutor, not a defense attorney. But I thought the strike zone was really, really small for the defense team, and it got smaller as the day went on.PERINO: OK, Judge Jeanine, what do you think of the timing that we have like the jury not going to get this until next week? I'm really flabbergasted by that.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Well, I am as well. I mean, and just the idea that they're going to -- this judge is going to charge the jury on Tuesday, and then they start deliberating on Wednesday. No, let me tell you how it goes into real courtroom.I don't know where this Merchan is from. But in a real courtroom, what happens is, as soon as the parties finished presenting their cases, if the defense chooses to put on one, and we know they don't have to, the judge has -- he calls them in for a jury charge conference.And then he tells him go right into summations. And I personally would have my court clerk, get everyone's name and phone number of the person they want to call to say they're not coming home tonight. Because if I'm coming close to the end of the case, I tell him you bring a toothbrush and a change of clothes. I don't know if I'm keeping it tonight. But chances are I might.And then, my court clerk will call your wife, your girlfriend, your lover who are a significant other, whoever it might be. And we're going to move this case along.I want those jurors in that deliberation room as close as possible to the evidence. And this is just prolonging it, that feeds right into the belief that they're just trying to keep Trump off the campaign trail.But I think even more stunning about all this is that when we were listening to what they were saying on those other networks, they were saying that, we see convictions all the time in cases, we see killers.Well, I think that Trey would agree with me that the essence of an incredible witness is a witness who lies, is a witness who cheats and steals.A killer in the sense of credibility may be more credible than a thief than someone who purges himself. These people don't know the first thing about the law, and yet they're saying, you know, this case is great.There is no case. No crime has been proven. I don't even know what the -- what the felony is that brings to life dead misdemeanors, and neither does anyone in that courtroom or on the jury. This is -- this is embarrassing.PERINO: We have Trey here. So, if I -- if I asked you to comment, you want to ask him a question. You're on deck as they say. Jesse Watters your thoughts as they wrap it up, but it prolongs for another long four-day weekend.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Average Americans see this case about sex. This is a he said she said, this is the Democrats trying to criminalize an affair that Trump may or may not have had 20 years ago.And Trump says he didn't have an affair. He says he's being extorted and the American public doesn't even care if he had the affair or not. We're now in Bill Clinton territory. It's about lying about sex. His numbers went up. We knew Trump was a playboy when he ran in 2016. We put him in the White House.Now, this case is so confusing. The charges are convoluted. Justice Scalia, God rest his soul, said, election law is the hardest law. He doesn't even understand it. No one can see inside the courtroom. No one knows who the lawyers are. No one knows what the judges look like. It is very hard for your average news consumer to wrap their head around this case, because even as news purveyors, we're relying on what's said and observed inside the courtroom.Jeanine is lucky enough to go in court. Trey's lucky enough, they get to experience the color, we're just all kind of grasping at straws.You look at Fox and says, oh, well, Michael Cohen is a liar and Michael Cohen is a thief. And then you turn on MSNBC. And they say, well, lying makes you more believable, and it's not stealing, you're just rebalancing the bonus that you thought you were owed.All right, so now the jury is going to have six days to what? My phone has alerts.PIRRO: Seven days.WATTERS: Yes, I pick up my phone, I get an alert, Wall Street Journal, I get an alert, People Magazine, they're going to pick up their phone, they're going to see, oh, Trump expands his lead over Joe Biden, oh, my God, how are they going to defend against that? They're going to be walking around Manhattan. They're going to see the New York Post cover, the New York Times cover, they're going to be with all their TDS relatives and friends over Memorial Day weekend.It's a big mistake. And this whole case has been a big mistake from the beginning. And it's 100 percent political and to think these jurors can take politics out of it is absolutely crazy.I'm trying to be realistic, Dana, you know, I'm not going to get ahead of myself and predict something that's not going to happen because I want it to happen.I believe this is going to result in a conviction. And then the minute it hits, all the media is going to pump out these polls that show Trump now losing momentum, they're going to manufacture a momentum loss. And that's how they're going to try to push this thing forward. Because Biden campaign's dead.PERINO: You can imagine the editors would tell all of the reporters at the -- in the papers, you have to refer to him now as convicted felon and former President Donald Trump.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You know, the jury isn't heading to a monastery. They're returning to the very environment that primed them for their bias to begin with. That's intended, they know that, sure as hell, they're hoping the impact of -- the implosion of the case will fade over time when they return.You're leaving essentially the jurors left the cesspool of New York City to the sanitized environment of the courtroom, only to return to the same cesspool. It's like going from a porta potty at the New York City Marathon to a -- to a sterile operating room and then returning to the porta potty.Why did you go to the courtroom to begin with? Why do we waste our time, you're just putting them among their friends, their relatives, social media, the TikTok videos, everything that will contaminate them will recontaminate and you start -- your brain starts to work again, you start to use all the stuff that you heard the facts that Cohen's a piece of crap will all go away.And these media folks, they need to stop and take a breath and ask themselves what this derangement is doing to them. Do Donny Deutsch ever think in his life, that he would put all his trust in a perjurer, a fraudster and a thief because he hates Donald Trump? This is the Hitler excuse at work. I've talked about this, if you brand something Hitler, then your behavior no matter how abysmal it is, is excused. This is why nobody trusts the election system.If they rigged the justice system, crawl into bed with criminals to fight Hitler. Why when they resort to some kind of heroic malfeasance when it comes to elections? Right now they're targeting hundreds of Republican lawyers with legal action right before an election. Wow. There's another coincidence.Peter Navarro is still in jail. They're targeting Trump, obviously, how naive are you to think that this stuff isn't going to continue and spread into other avenues of our life?PERINO: I want to get in to Richard in just a second, but because you were in the courtroom, and you -- and you -- because of your experience, can you -- do you want to comment on the jury having this length of time?GOWDY: It is really hard for me to understand why the judge is allowing this much time between the last piece of evidence, no more evidence is coming in. In fact, the judge is going to say summation is not evidence.So, this much time, this much opportunity. I'm not known for my hopefulness, Dana, but I usually think something talismanic happens when people take an oath. I really -- I've seen juries do the right thing too many times.I just think the more time that passes, the more temptation there is to go and search and do your own research. I would have -- in South Carolina, we would be waiting on a verdict right now, we would have already given closing argument.PERINO: Richard, I'm just going to give you the last word.RICHARD FOWLER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Sure. Maybe I'm the only person disagrees here on this panel.PERINO: You might be.FOWLER: But I actually think he's -- I mean, I don't want to make a prediction here. But I think the president -- the former president's going to walk, and I'll tell you why.PERINO: I agree with you.FOWLER: Thank you. Look, listen, there's two numbers that there's -- well, there's three numbers that matters here. 7, 12 and two.Now, the seven -- there's seven days that we're going to have to wait for them to go back into court, right? There's 12 jurors. And I think there's two -- there'll be two weeks since I've heard from Michael -- from Michael Cohen, which is this all-star witness for the prosecution.The farther and farther they get away from this testimony, the light -- the less likely they are to remember it, the less like they are today -- the less likely they are to remember it means they'll be like, well, wait, what did he do again? Did he really take the money? Did he really sign it? Well, maybe he didn't do it.To Jesse's point, this is really complicated. Even though there's two lawyers on this jury, maybe he didn't, maybe he did. Can I prove this beyond the shadow of reasonable doubt? 101 percent that he did this. I'm not sure.So, guess what, I'm going to say he didn't do it. And I think the seven days if you listen to the president who would say this jury is rigged or that the -- or that the judge is rigged. The fact that judge gave them seven days, says to me, these judges, like I just wanted to have a good Memorial Day, and they're going to come back.PIRRO: (INAUDIBLE).FOWLER: Sure. But I think if they were closing arguments today, there will be more likely to get a conviction than there was seven days with them going home and not thinking about this case versus the other way around.WATTERS: The first time I've ever agreed with Richard Fowler.PERINO: Let's memorialize this.PIRRO: You know, can I say something? I agree with Trey. You know, I mean, I really believe the judge -- that the jury has tried to get it right. I do.You know, was as hard as I can be on some of these people that I've seen. I really hope that you're right. And that the jury gets it right.FOWLER: There's two lawyers on this jury.PERINO: All right.GUTFELD: Look that's a good thing?(CROSSTALK)PERINO: All right, Trey is going to stick around because there's much more drama to talk about on the legal scene.Up next, Fani Willis is playing the race card and she fights to save her job.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Now to the other Trump legal con, featuring two prosecutors who were getting it on. Fani Willis facing down to big threats to her job as Fulton County D.A. Today, voters may give her the boot and pick her primary challenger. A Fani defeat could possibly sink her trump Georgia election case.And a new Georgia oversight panel is moving full steam ahead, looking into possibly removing over misconduct, like shacking up with their lead prosecutor pushing a politically motivated case. Fani running to Maddow to call it racist.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY: They have decided in Georgia that they would like to come over after me. They use false reasons for wanting to come after me. Georgia had never had a prosecutorial oversight committee. And all of a sudden, 14 minorities were elected to office to serve as district attorney.And now, all of a sudden, they need an oversight committee to look after district attorneys because they want to tell us how to prosecute and who to prosecute, and where we should put our resources as opposed to allowing the voters that put us in the seats to make those determinations.Apparently, we now need daddy to tell us how to do our job.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Richard, what do you make of her claim? All of a sudden, was it because she's black?FOWLER: I mean, I will say that a lot did happen after she was elected. But I think, look, let's talk about this. I mean, she is -- there is a primary election in Georgia today, it's very likely that Fani will win this primary election, it's very likely that Fani will win re-election in November, and she'll continue to serve as the D.A. of Fulton County.And I think it's worth pointing out here that you know, since she's been the D.A., you've seen a demonstrative decrease in -- you've seen a presumptive decrease in crime. There's been a -- violent crime is down 20 percent, homicides are down 26 percent.GUTFELD: Reporting on crime is down.FOWLER: Yes, but also convictions are but (INAUDIBLE) like this you can actually -- the conviction --GUTFELD: (INAUDIBLE).FOWLER: No, but OK, sure. But convictions are also up a record number. She's taken down -- she's using -- she's used the RICO statute a number of different ways to take down cheating scandal, murders over and over again. You seen her office, the D.A.'s office in Fulton County be actually very effective at stopping major crime.And now, we'll -- now there's this clearly -- there's a case against the former president -- against the former president, we'll see where that case goes, right? And he's innocent until proven guilty.But I think it's worth pointing out that her track record as a D.A. seems to be moving in the right direction outside of the Trump case.So, before we sort of slander her and say she's not doing a good job, her record as a prosecutor -- as a prosecutor in Fulton County -- Fulton County is actually exceptional, which is why folks in Fulton County are getting ready to vote for her again.GUTFELD: You all slander her. I think she sucks. Judge?FOWLER: You live in Fulton County?PIRRO: You came to the right person. Let me tell you something, remember this Fani got laid, Wade got paid and the taxpayers got played. All right?And you can tell me till the cows come home how crime is down. We all know crime isn't down, especially in that county. OK.But you know, this claiming I'm a victim. I'm a victim. Poor me. She did it in church. I've never had sex with that person. You know, it sounds like Bill Clinton, when she went before the church.You know what, she's an incompetent district attorney based upon the fact that she hired her boyfriend, gave him $650,000 to handle a RICO case about what she knew nothing. The man never tried a felony case. She went on vacation with him five times in six months and pay them back in cash. Who are we kidding here?But let me just say one more thing. When the judge says the case has an odor of mendacity and a significance appearance of impropriety when she's claiming that a defendant is racist at the altar of God. I think that you know, she's the one who's the problem.And by the way, the reason they want this prosecutorial oversight board is because they feel that they were too many white prosecutors from the Arbery case in Georgia. Ah,GUTFELD: Jesse, odor of mendacity. Isn't that your cologne?WATTERS: 14.99 at Macy's, you can get it right there. I have a lot of respect for Fani the way she became D.A. by saying I am a black woman, hear me roar. Then she screws up and she says any criticism of her is racially motivated.No, that's not how it works. You screwed up. You should be held accountable. They create this commission. Maybe there are 14 Black D.A.s. Well, there's one that needs a little dad in her life. And that's her because Richard, she used taxpayer money for sexual kickbacks, she got caught lying to the judge. Her alibi blew up when the phone records were like, oh, well, you were there from 11:00 p.m. until 4:00 a.m. And she was like (INAUDIBLE). Come on, Richard.Now, this is why she's on MSNBC. They're rehabbing Fani, because Jack Smith's case has been calendared. So they need to rehab Fani and Juan Merchan. Judge Merchan he's so conflicted. You have this guy he's donated to Biden and the Bidens have given money to his family.And then, you have Fani, we just went through a slew of her ridiculous scandals. If these people because Joe Biden's campaign has flat lined, don't hold up for the next six months. It's over. He's losing to Donald Trump in the polls. And now Donald Trump's out fundraising him.FOWLER: For one quarter. You guys live in a fairytale world, Jesse.WATTERS: Making it rain, Richard.GUTFELD: Trey, give us your wisdom on this. What -- where's this going? In terms of the -- let's talk -- let's -- maybe let's just focus on the Trump case down there.GOWDY: Well, if I may, as an interlude, prosecutors have incredible power, more power than anyone else in the criminal justice system. They have the power to not only impact your freedom but your reputation, they can put you in jail. They can ruin your business, they can cost you money.I'm just tired of regardless of race or political orthodoxy, people running for office promising to target people, you should target crime, not people target crime.I do blame the candidates, but I really blame the voters. I wish voters would say we are not going to elect prosecutors who engage in politics. I want someone who is going to be fair and just.We got two former elected D.A. sitting at the table. I don't ever recall politics. I don't recall a political conversation with a cop or a victim or a colleague. I don't remember that.So, this new phenomenon, I think, not to get too serious, Greg, but all the other institutions around us are crumbling. If we don't have a justice system that is both respected and worthy of respect. We're not going to make it and we got to quit hiring prosecutors, and I don't care what color or what gender they are. They're promised to go after people and not crime.GUTFELD: Good point. Dana, care to add anything else?PERINO: I think we should end on that. But I just to contribute. I would say she's in a Biden plus 50 districts, so she's going to get reelected. But the problem for her and anybody who wants to see Trump convicted is that she's so discredited.Now, they're going to put her on T.V. and bring it all back up again. I think also she just doesn't -- she's not paranoid enough. Like, she didn't think five steps ahead about what could happen if she decided to take this action against President Trump and all the things would come out about the money in the closet and the trips with Wade and all of these things.I think if she had it to do over again, I imagine she would say we'll take a pass on this one.GUTFELD: All right. Well, we won't take a pass on America. Trey, thanks for coming on. Always a pleasure. See you after the show.The White House putting on their hazmat suits after Joe Biden crapped the bed metaphorically nine times.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Another cleanup on Isle Biden. The White House forced to correct President Biden on their official transcript of his speech to the NAACP not once, not twice, but nine times. The White House crossing out more of Biden's scripts than when Dana had to proofread my last book. It's kind of amazing given that the speech was given on the teleprompter and not off the cuff.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And when I was vice president, things were kind of bad during the pandemic. I'm humble to receive this organization. It's truly inspiresing, saving millions of families $800,000 in premium -- $8,000 a year in premium for cracking down on corporate landlords who keep rents down. The mortality rate for Black moms who have nearly three times more likely to die.He calls the erectionists who stormed Capitol Hill patriots. Donald Trump has said if he loses again in November, there will be "bloodshed." The NAAC spirit endures.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, it's no wonder that the big Liberal pundits continue to have buyer's remorse that they're stuck with Senile Joe.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: The age issue is suffocating him. And he needs to bring up that he's only four years older than Trump.BILL MAHER, COMEDIAN: Biden presents as old.GUTFELD: Yes.MAHER: Ancient. That does not look old. He's like Kiss. He puts on the wig and the face paint and it's 1976 all over again.CLAIRE MCCASKILL, FORMER DEMOCRATIC SENATOR: I do think there is a level of panic out there because some people who look at all the facts and circumstances go, wait a minute, how could this be tied?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: A level of panic, Dana.PERINO: Yes. Well, I -- here's the thing. I don't understand why people on the Trump side seem to be concerned about the debate for Trump. I mean, that was Biden on a teleprompter. And I know that you can muster up some energy for a 90-minute debate, but I think that this shows that President Trump is going to basically be able to sit there and say, "No, sir. Please, finish your thought." Like, we'll wait, OK, and just let the silence hang there.I would say this. Who cares what Claire McCaskill thinks, right? Let's talk about some of the graduates from Morehouse College. This was from Politico's west-wing playbook. And they went and interviewed several of the people there. Reginald Wayne Sharpe, he said -- I'm sorry, this is Jeremy Mensah. He's a 2024 Morehouse graduate. He said I didn't feel connected to it. Biden's speech didn't move me at all. It was very much so a campaign speech. Like, oh, I did this for the Black community.Here you have Kerry Singleton, another '24 grad. He says he was impressed by the direct approach. Then this guy, Isaiah Wade said, he went on for a little bit, it's kind of a rant. I didn't know what he was talking about for a while. No one really clapped when Biden was talking. I honestly think it was a lot. Like, you're our cool president. We're here from Morehouse but we don't really support what you're doing. It goes on.The point of this one is the worry from the White House, the panic Claire McCaskill is talking about is apathy. And for voters not being enthusiastic especially if you have some voters like young Black men who are not enthusiastic and they're not excited. Like, I'm not saying that President Trump has them in the back, I'm saying that Biden is losing them, and they know it.WATTERS: And the media is really taking it easy on Old Joe, Greg. I mean, if Donald Trump went to the NAACP and called it the NAACC, that would have been headline news everywhere.GUTFELD: Yes. I mean, he called -- this guy, apparently to him, January 6 is a big deal. He calls it June 6, he calls it July 6, and then he calls them erectionists which is ironic given that he's the stiff. I mean, he is so bad that they think it's actually A.I. You know he is -- he -- I mean, it's funny, we make jokes, but he's in bad, bad shape.We're watching him degrade every single day. It's painful to watch. It's -- I know people have said it before. It's elder abuse. Like, I don't know how Dr. Jill could just go, yes, let's just push him right out there. You ever hear those stories about real estate agents who are stuck trying to sell a home that has a crime scene? Well, Biden is like a murder house.You know, they're trying to -- the media is treating him like a murder house. We got to clean up the blood stains, slash the price, pave over the shallow grave, and tell everyone, well, he's got good bones and it has all the basic amenities, but we see what we see. It's a walking crime scene, a mix of corruption with the smell of death.And by the way, when we talk about these mistakes, they aren't just lies. You know, people talk about Trump lying. Those are salesman lies. Hey, my crowd is huge. This is the most beautiful steak I've ever seen. Biden's comments are pathological divisive and degenerative, right? They're either about as past, fuel his ego, or they're meant to strike fear among a group of people against another group of people. He's a danger to himself. He's a danger to others. And him being president is a danger to this country.WATTERS: A danger to this country, Richard.GUTFELD: Richard. I know he was always like this.FOWLER: I mean, I don't know. I just -- salesman lies, regular lies, I thought a lie was a lie, but hey.GUTFELD: Not really.FOWLER: But let's -- I do think Dana has a point and then I want to double down on that because I think she -- I think there's a real thing there. There is a lot of voter apathy out in the marketplace. And I think there's a lot of voter apathy when it comes to people and how they're digesting the election. And I think where the White House can -- what the White House should be doing in this moment is making some contrasts on where they have popular policies and who's standing in the way of getting those policies to the American people, right?Case in point, when I sat down with undecided blackmail voters during the State of the Union, the biggest applause line in the State of the Union Address was $8.00 late fees for credit cards. Right now, there's an injunction against that that was put in place by a Trump-appointed judge in Fort Worth, Texas. What the President should have said in Morehouse was, look, we're -- I'm trying to make the economy easy for you. I'm trying to make late fees lower. There is a judge in Texas appointed by the former president. He's going to appoint more judges like that.I need you to vote so we can get the credit card fees lower, right? I need you to vote to protect the woman's right to choose. I need you to vote to make sure that we can keep -- make sure that cannabis can stay a schedule one -- schedule two drug which he just did. I need you to vote so you don't pay extra $1,700 a month because of what the Peterson Institute said that it -- that Trump's inflation -- Trump -- excuse me -- Trump's tariff policy would cost.He needs to make a clear contrast between him and Trump's policies and also make it real for the folks that are -- that he needs them to vote -- that he needs to vote for him. Case in point, like I said, I think where the biggest piece is the issues that are affecting these graduates, the issues that are affecting working families, and making it very clear that, hey, listen, I see these issues, I care about these issues and that's what I'm going to run on, and this is how I'm going to make your life better. And I don't think you need a teleprompter for that. I think you just need be very real with people and have a real conversation with them.And what you find with President Biden, I've been in rooms with him, when he's one-on-one with you, when he's in small spaces, he's very good at that and it's better than when he's on a teleprompter.GUTFELD: He needs a brain and it's gone.FOWLER: He does have a brain, Greg.GUTFELD: No.FOWLER: Or he wouldn't have been President of the United States.GUTFELD: Well, brains come and go and his is gone.WATTERS: Judge Jeanine, does he have a brain, yes or no? You have 30 seconds.PIRRO: The guy doesn't have a brain. He doesn't have half a brain, OK. I think the sad part is I have here the authoritative list of lies Joe Biden has told as president from the Federalist, 371 and counting. It is at least three inches thick. Now, I'm not going to waste a lot of time other than to tell you that this guy was a plagiarist, he had to drop out of a presidential election because he can't -- he doesn't have an original thought in his mind. He can't read what's on a teleprompter.But just give me a second. Biden claims he got involved in politics because of civil rights. Then Biden claims he got involved in politics to prevent the war in Vietnam. And this is in the first few pages. Biden claims he's the first in his family to attend college. But if you recall, his grandfather played All American Football in college. Biden claims that making college free won't cost the taxpayers, all right. He also claims he used to teach the Second Amendment in law school, except he never taught in law school, OK. He's never -- OK, just one more --PERINO: It's a long list.PIRRO: Biden claim -- no, it is a long list. OK, he told her that -- this is my last one, Dana. He said he travels 17,000 miles with Xi Jinping. I don't think Xi Jinping would handle him that long. But he told her in October 24 that an early case in his legal career included the successful defense for a construction company sued by a 23-year-old welder who suffered an injury to his genitals. I wrote this memo and Son of a B, it prevailed. I'm in the wrong business. I'm not made for this. And then they say this story is almost certainly a complete work of fabrication.The guy -- look, we can't have them represent us.WATTERS: And don't forget about Uncle Bosie.PIRRO: Yes, the cannibals ate him.WATTERS: That poor man.Coming up, Scarlett Johansson says robots stole her voice.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FOWLER: Scarlet Johansson is threatening to sue Open AI allegedly because they copied her voice without her permission. ChatGPT just introduced a new voice product and Scarlet says it sounds eerily similar to her own. Remember, she was once in a movie where she played a voice robot.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, ChatGPT. I'm Mark. How are you?CHAT GPT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: Oh, Mark, I'm doing great. Thanks for asking. How about you?Hello! I'm here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do I call you do? You have a name?CHAT GPT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: Yes. Samantha.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOWLER: Open AI said they'll remove the voice, but they deny that it was Johansson's. Jesse, are they lying?WATTERS: It was a dastardly move by Open AI. So, they go to Johansson early and they said, would you like to be the voice of this? She talks to her team about it, they think it over, and they say, you know what, I just don't think that's right for me. I'm not comfortable with it, we're going to take a pass.Two days before they launch this thing, they call her back, and they say, you know, we'd like to ask you again. Would you like to be the voice of our OpenAI. She's very busy woman. She didn't get back to him in 48 hours. They launch it and it's the exact same voice as Scarlett Johansson. So, her team contacts them and says, what the hell, you stole her voice. And they go, oh, it's another woman's voice. They said who? They go, we won't tell you. That is shady.FOWLER: So, you think that -- you think they stole it?WATTERS: I think they stole it and now I think the robots are going to kill us. That's next obviously, Richard.FOWLER: The robots are going to kill us, Dana.PERINO: So, I think that -- so, then the -- Open AI backpedal really quickly and they're like, we're sorry, we'll stop, we'll figure this out. And just remember, government law regulations, they all follow technology. Technology is way ahead of this. And so, if she does sue, she would be doing some groundbreaking work. I just hope that they figure out the robot on a couple of these websites. I listen -- like, the editorials at a certain paper that is also part of this building, you can listen to them but the voice drives me crazy. It's a robot.WATTERS: Not the Journal.FOWLER: So, I mean, to Dana's point, Greg, technology law -- like, technology law in this country is outdated. And so, there's nothing.GUTFELD: Yes, but the practices are always the same. This -- there was a guy who made money on the -- on doing radio ads sounding like Morgan Freeman. He would come on and you go, that sounds like Morgan Freeman. It tricked me. And the worst part, those pills never even worked. I got smaller. But this leads me -- this is like we need to sell our own voices. Who wouldn't want an A.I. Greg or an A.I. GPS for your car where I tell you where to go and what to do because this is the future.The same way that you, the viewer, my gravitate towards Fox, country music, and NASCAR, you're going to want an A.I. that aligns to your world. That's the way it's going to go. If you asked your GPS like, hey, what do you think of Michael Cohen? Is he a fraud? And your -- and he goes, you know what, he's really just a good guy. Like, you don't want -- you want an A.I. that isn't biased. You want A.I. Greg.WATTERS: Fair and balanced A.I.FOWLER: Judge Jeanine, do you want an A.I. Greg.PIRRO: Well, you know what's interesting, is Altman was one of the ones who said that we need to take a pause from AI because he was worried about bad things happening. Well, what he's done here is he couldn't get Scarlet Johansson so he got someone eerily similar. She says, how did you do it. Who is doing it? He says I'm going to protect the person. And she said, well, how did you get to that person, and they wouldn't answer that.She's going to sue, and I think she should sue, because old crimes are being committed in new ways with the advancement in technology. This will be a case that will, you know, set law about this. And I think it's got to be done because it is a -- it is a copyright infringement. It is whatever you want to call it as it relates to A.I. and it's wrong.FOWLER: Do you want an A.I. Greg though?PIRRO: No.GUTFELD: You'll miss out.FOWLER: Coming up, a CNN interview with rapper Cam'ron about Diddy goes off the rails and we're talking about it.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: This is CNN. The Liberal Network conducting a total train wreck of an interview with rapper Cam'ron who didn't want to talk about the Diddy scandal.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ABBY PHILLIP, ANCHOR, CNN: Did you recognize that kind of anger at all from your experiences?CAM'RON, RAPPER: I don't know -- like that. What do you mean do I recognized? Did I recognize them? I seen them? What you mean my experiences? I seen them and I thought -- I thought it was disgusting. Sorry, I'm going to get some cheeks after this horsepower joint. Yo, who booked me for this joint?(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Dana, do you think there was a miscommunication with the producers and talent about this one?PERINO: Oh, maybe. I think that the anchor was great. I thought she was gracious under fire and it like handled it well. I think that the least qualified person to talk about this is me. I'm like, I don't know Cam'ron but I admired her dignity there.PIRRO: OK. I'll go to you, Greg. I heard Cam'ron was going to be on your show tonight to promote his sex drink.GUTFELD: I hope so. You know, anybody is going to do a sex drink on CNN. Thank God it wasn't Toobin.PIRRO: No, I agree.GUTFELD: Her face is amazing through this. She's like every wife that when you come home drunk, and you tell them you're not drunk, and she's just, look at that face. Amazing how she held it together, the best thing I've ever seen on CNN.PIRRO: All right, Jesse, I'm on your show tonight. You're going to sandbag me like CNN did to Cam'ron?GUTFELD: Cheeks.WATTERS: I'm going to get some cheeks after this.PIRRO: All right, on to Richard.GUTFELD: Cheeks.PIRRO: Cam'ron is a unique entrepreneur. He sold in 2014 Ebola masks with his face on them. He pitched his own line of toilet paper. Your thoughts?FOWLER: I think Abby did a great job. Bravo to her. And listen, he asked the question. I rarely ever blame the producers but I just wonder what happened in the pre-interview in the leadup to this. I have a lot -- I have many questions.PIRRO: OK. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Judge Jeanine.PIRRO: All right, dozens of furry surfers and their humans hit the beach in Spain over the weekend for the annual European Dog Surfing Championship.PERINO: Nice.PIRRO: A chocolate lab named Koa was crowned the champion while many other pups had the times of their life shredding some waves and beautiful weather. Thank God Kristi Noem was there because they were having -- wasn't there because they were having the time of their lives too.PIRRO: All right, Greg.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we got another great show. The great comedian Jeff Dye, Riley Gaines, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus. Let's do this. Greg's Absolutely Disgusting News. You know, I like something with a hard shell but also fluffy. It's almost impossible to find that in an animal, but then I did. Here it is, a screaming hairy armadillo. And those are the tiny baby armadillos.WATTERS: Babies.GUTFELD: This is out at the Audubon Zoo in Louisiana. They're delightfully disgusting.PERINO: They carry venereal disease?GUTFELD: Venereal disease? I don't know, Dana.PERINO: Like the armadillos do.PIRRO: Where's the hair?GUTFELD: Really? They don't -- the hair is -- you can see it right there.PIRRO: Oh, there it is.WATTERS: Can you eat armadillos?PERINO: Yes, go for it. Have some tonight.WATTERS: Johnny?PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: All right, I'm going to go -- I have a new thing for everybody. It's called Dana's Life Hacks. Because you see these things and you think, I didn't know you could do that. Check out this guy. This dad in Australia figured out a way to trim his hedges. He connected a lawn mower to a crane.PIRRO: I love it.PERINO: And then you just go along and trim the hedge. You can save a lot of money this way, people. I don't recommend trying it at home, however. Jesse?WATTERS: OK, don't miss Fox Nation series "VIETNAM: FOOTSTEPS OF MY FATHER." Harris Faulkner, her father served two tours of duty as an army aviator. And now Harris has her own mission, to journey across the world and walk her father's combat trail and explore his lessons of faith, bravery, and perseverance. Available now on Fox Nation.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," Judge Jeanine, Tomi Lahren, and Nama Steve.PERINO: Nama Steve. OK, Richard.FOWLER: All right, all right, America's first Black astronaut candidate is now the oldest person to reach space. Ed -- his name is Ed Dwight was -- he was an -- he was an Air Force pilot when John F. Kennedy nominated him to be the NASA's earliest -- for the NASA's earliest Astronaut Corps. He wasn't selected because NASA didn't select Black astronauts until 1978. But he finally made it to space. He was up there for 10 minutes and he said it was a life-changing experience.PERINO: Yes, I heard him say that he didn't think he actually needed to do it in his life, but that when he did, he realized it was -- it is what he needed. So --FOWLER: It is exactly what he needed.PERINO: All right, that's it for us, everyone. Have a great night.