ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Because that would have to get thrown out, the statute of limitations ran on that in 2019.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Got it. Andy, great job there, no matter where you are. I appreciate Andy McCarthy. So, it goes on and tomorrow another day and then we're told next week the judge wants it all wrapped up.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, I'm Greg Gutfeld along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and she just got a reverse mortgage on her Barbie dream house, Dana Perino. THE FIVE.Waiting for Donald Trump to speak as his lawyers battled to get the case dismissed. And after the jury got sent home for the -- for the day in his hush money trial. It comes as they found -- finally found a crime in the whole thing but it's not the orange guy. It's the so-called fixture, the prosecution resting its case after their star witness imploded. Michael Cohen admitting he stole tens of thousands of dollars from Trump.Crooked Cohen says he only did it as a form of self-help. Well, he did help himself because he got screwed over on a bonus.And after letting Stormy get away with tawdry testimony about condoms in a magazine spanking, the judge actually reprimanded Trump's first witness Robert Costello for rolling his eyes, dramatically clearing out the courtroom to lecture him about decorum.Costello says that Cohen repeatedly told him that he had nothing on the dawn and that Trump didn't know about the hush money payments. The ex-pres popping off earlier.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm here instead of campaigning that was supposed to be making a speech for political purposes. I'm not allowed to have anything to do with politics because I'm sitting in a very freezing cold courtroom for the last four weeks is very unfair.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Cohen's crime confession getting the media all hot and bothered.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: Kind of reeling from the revelation that Michael Cohen stole money from the Trump Organization that was just kind of stunning.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This has given such ammunition as to possibly fatally undermine the prosecution's case.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There is an argument to be made that actually you're just an opportunistic thief, I think it has moved Michael Cohen from this figure where he's part Tom Hagen from "The Godfather", but really more like Fredo Corleone to now this guy who's just a thief.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Stealing $60,000 through fraud, which would be larceny in New York State is more serious of a crime than falsifying business.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: But leave it to Lawrence for going the extra mile to spin the Cohen crime bombshell.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, MSNBC HOST: He asked about the $50,000. That's irrelevant to the $130,000. And that's where he very effectively got Michael Cohen to say, to agree that yes, he stole $30,000.Later, when Cohen was asked about that on redirect by the prosecution, it didn't really sound like stealing $30,000. It sounded a lot like Michael Cohen doing the little that he could within that calculation to rebalance the bonus he thought he deserved, and it still came out as less than the bonus he thought he deserved and the bonus he have gotten the year before.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: There you go. Judge, they act like this is stunning. Cohen's a perjurer, fraudster, attacks cheap, but he was still their star witness. And now they say this yet again undermines their case, the whole case undermine the case, because it was based on him. How could this be stunning?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Well, it's stunning because they have a political agenda. But I have always said that Michael Cohen is the linchpin of this case. The linchpin of this case has been attacked and his credibility is totally destroyed.I mean, today everybody was blown away when he admitted, yes, I stole $60,000, he should be indicted for grand larceny.And the amazing thing is the Southern District knew about it., that Cy Vance, the D.A. in Manhattan knew about it, Alvin Bragg knew about it before the statute of limitations ran. But instead what they do is they catapult him to the centerpiece of the corruption that Donald Trump is engaged.And look, the bottom line here is that Michael Cohen pretty much canceled himself out.But the press -- but the defense made the decision we're going to call Costello. People will criticize it, I still -- I contend it was the right decision to make. Cohen is the most credible witness I've heard so far in this case.But this goes to the issue of the judge and the important role that a judge plays in each and every other case and judge doesn't just decide, is this evidence going to be admitted? Will I allow it or not allow it, will I charge this, will I charge that? The judge sets the tone of the room.And this judge is so corrupt, he should have recused himself, I'm not going to go through it again. But the prosecution knew he was on their side. Every time Costello tried to talk, the prosecution objected, interrupting the story so there is not no -- so that there is no coherent story in front of the jury to the point where Costello goes, and this guy Costello is a -- he is well respected in New York, he goes, geez, and the judge flips out.The judge doesn't just say, you know, keep your client under control. He says, the jury out, he clears the courtroom and start screaming, keep this guy in line, I'm not going to hand -- I'm not going to take this anymore. And he admonishes him as soon as he takes the stand and then rips him apart.However, he gets in this adult porn star who you know -- who does you know what for a living, and he lets her talk about everything from, you know, brief, the encounter was to whether or not use a condom and all this other nonsense. This jury now knows as a result of the way he's handling Costello, the defense's first witness that this judge is not on the level.And for those people who say it wasn't worth calling Costello, this signal sent to this jury is that this judge is definitely not on the level. And that Michael Cohen, who went from I got nothing to give the prosecution, nothing to give them about to kill himself has had a lobotomy.Because now, you know, in spite of the fact that the president listened to everything he said, and in spite of the fact that he's a serial liar, stolen, surreptitiously recorded him. Michael Cohen is not to be believed.GUTFELD: So, Harold, I guess the judge was upset that Costello rolled his eyes. Is the judge married to him?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So, it's good to be back with you. I hope everybody had a good weekend.GUTFELD: I had a great weekend. Thanks for asking.FORD JR.: The next lawsuit was a little tough, but otherwise, it was good. A couple of things, I differ with the Judge in one regard. I think you have to respect the courtroom and have to respect the judge.The judge and I were chatting a little bit off-air. I think if a witness were to have done this in the judge's courtroom, I think the judge may disagree, but I think I know you and I love you. I think you would have had -- you would want control of your courtroom. You may not have been as sensitive as this judge may have been but we're not in that courtroom to know all that's happening.But when a witness disrespects a judge, or witnesses respects a courtroom, I think any judge, I don't care whom they're appointed by or where the -- where the courtroom is, should admonish --PIRRO: And very quickly I'll just say this, let me just say, sometimes you let the witness hang themselves, so you let it go.FORD JR.: But that's -- but that's not the judge's role.GUTFELD: That's what Hillary did.FORD JR.: That's not the judge's role. The judge is to keep his courtroom or her courtroom in order. And Robert Costello is a lawyer. He's an officer of the court and should know that.Two, I agree with you. I think the young fellow from CNN, I think it was CNN who said that who let us know that it's grand larceny what Mr. Cohen did, and it's a suit a more serious crime than falsifying business records. It's obviously across the media platform and spectrum today, there's a lot of concern, I didn't see it all day, there's a lot of concern that the prosecution's case is -- was undermined by this testimony even more so than it's been in the past.But I would say the two things can be true, he could be a liar, and a thief on other matters, which it appears that he has lied if indeed he did this. I don't understand one of the other commentators who said it's a rebalancing of the bonus.I mean, when you go into a grocery store, and you get more things because you're trying to rebalance inflation, no. that's theft, and you would be charged with and -- arrested and charged for it.But he can be lying about those things and be a thief and also be what the jury is going to have to determine if they think he's telling the truth about other things.And as the judge knows, as a prosecutor and as a judge, when you can show that your star witness, the defense can share with the star -- prosecution's star witness is his light on the stand and lies about other things that certainly impacts adversely, his credibility.GUTFELD: All right, you know, Jesse, he stole in lieu of a bonus. I mean, who hasn't? Right?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I stole your bonus last year.GUTFELD: I know you did.WATTERS: It was smaller than I thought.GUTFELD: I never hear that.WATTERS: Never. It is funny that you've had a porn star and a disbarred lawyer and a guy who rolls his eyes is disrespecting the court.GUTFELD: Here we go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TRUMP: So, thank you very much. You saw what we saw. That was an incredible display. I've never seen anything like it in my life. A tyrant. And everyone's talking about it. This is what we have. We have an acting judge, appointed judge by Democrats, by the club. And, they're keeping us here, this is our fifth week, not campaigning.But you saw what happened what just took place in that court. And hopefully, the motion to dismiss this trial will go through, because this trial is a disaster for our country. It's a disaster for New York State. And then when you saw what happened, what just took place in that court? And hopefully, the motion to dismiss this trial will go through because this trial is a disaster for our country. It's a disaster for New York State in New York City.Gregg Jarrett just said, where exactly is the crime? To, quote a memorable line from Shakespeare in Love. I don't know, it's a mystery. There is just no crime.Andy McCarthy, if it's unconstitutional for Texas to enforce federal immigration law, how is it constitutional for New York to enforce federal election law? They're going by federal law. It's never happened before. Nobody's ever seen anything like this. This is a witch hunt. This is a witch hunt.This is to damage -- crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of our country by far -- by far, to damage his political opponent. That's all this is. A highly political judge, a totally conflicted judge who just did something that nobody's ever seen.And the press is not happy, I don't imagine. They just got thrown out of a courthouse. Nobody's ever seen anything quite like it.These things are consistent. Bragg has no authority to enforce election law, and we did nothing wrong. Ted Cruz has said it's over 200 years, never once has a president of the United States been indicted over no crime. No crime.Mollie Hemingway, a very smart woman. This is a show trial. There is no actual crime or evidence. Mollie Hemingway, respected by everybody, by the way.Here's a very liberal gentleman, but a very talented and critically acclaimed director, Oliver Stone. Haven't heard his name mentioned in a while. It's a new form of warfare. It's called lawfare. And that's what they're using against Trump.That's all of a sudden who I think is a super liberal. But even he's talking. I must tell you, I've never had such liberal, or as they say nowadays, progressive support.Mark Levin, you're living through what is not only the worst presidency in American history, that's Biden, when it comes to domestic and foreign affairs, but when it comes to our constitution, the rule of law, law and order, which is the core to this republic. Biden is dismantling it, and he's destroying it.I don't even know the same. I think it's the people around his desk, that beautiful, beautiful, resolute desk in the Oval Office. It's a horrible thing. The country's never been in this position. We're doing badly in so many different ways, and we're falling apart and we're not respected in the world anymore. They're looking at us and saying, hey, they're no different than we are. Bad countries are saying that. They're saying that the United States is no different than we are.Gavin Wax, the globalist elite severely miscalculated by declaring war on Trump. I guess he's referring to the fact that the polls are through the roof, but I'm not even talking about that. And the polls are the highest they've ever been.Andrew and Katie Cherkasky, who are terrific lawyers, as everyone knows, it's passed on for Judge Merchan to dismiss this case. Trump's business records, there are no -- there's no false entry.By the way, they paid a legal expense and they marked it legal expense. And I say it every day. They could have said construction. They could have said, this is for construction purposes. This is for some other purposes. You're building a building. They say building expense. They're called legal fees, which is legal expense. They called it legal expense. They paid a lawyer money, legal expense. And in the lawyer's bill, he talks about retainer. It's a retainer. He calls it a retainer.Former acting attorney general Matt Whitaker, the prosecution has presented absolutely no evidence of a crime.David Catron, The American Spectator, good people over there. Judge Merchan's animosity toward Trump and his inability to ensure a fair trial is not lost on the voters. Never seen anything like it. And this goes on and on.Ross Douthat, New York Times, I would defy anyone to summarize the underlying situation in which a presidential candidate could be sent to prison for a misdemeanor offense. It's small, but there's not even a misdemeanor for a misdemeanor offense elevated by a second crime for which he isn't even being charged. I'm not even being charged for it. They didn't know what to charge me with. They haven't even charged me with a crime.You know what the crime is? I beat Hillary Clinton. That's what the crime is. And they don't want me to beat on behalf of, I think, 200 million people. They don't want me to beat Biden. OK? But it's a shame. This is what they've done.And just to finish out without the description coming across as somewhat cafes. The CNN panel just came out. This is significant. There is no direct link to Trump in this alleged conspiracy. That's from CNN.Laura Coates of CNN, not a fan of mine as I understand it, possibly fatally undermines the prosecution's case. This is a disaster. What she said here undermines the prosecution's case. This case should be dropped by the judge.I think the judge, if he did that, he would be -- gain the respect back. We have to -- either the appellate court has to step in. Something has to happen.Think of it, the Republican Party, one of the two great parties, nominates somebody to be their candidate. And that candidate now has been sitting here for almost five weeks in a freezing cold icebox listening to this stuff. No pride.Elie Honig of CNN. The crux of the case is Trump knew this and that, let's see, he sent some statement down here. Trump didn't know. He never would have agreed to be robbed by Cohen. He absolutely didn't know. This is a bomb being dropped on the prosecution's case. This is cruising to prosecution credibility.I'll tell you what, New York State is being hurt so badly by them and they're watching all over the world and businesses are going to be leaving the state. They already are, unfortunately, but they're going to be leaving because they can't be subject to this, this and Engoron and Kaplan, other judges that have just created a horrible scar in our Constitution. Hopefully, the appellate courts will take care of it.But this did not ask Cohen about that or undirect. And this is Elie Honig, have not made him plead guilty to larceny because you know what's taking place. I mean, you saw that, I won't even mention because remember, I'm under a gag order. I'm not supposed to be talking about certain things.And so I'm being very careful. But you saw what happened. And this is CNN mentioning it, which it is, larceny, which it is. And you know what they're talking about because there was an admittance, the money he's -- I won't say that it's the money. So, I won't say that.In fact, you're going to have to get this one because I can't read it. I've been gagged from reading this. But it's a vicious statement by a respected person at CNN, Elie Honig.So, you'll have to read that one yourself because I've been gagged. Let's see, it turns out now that Trump was -- yes, that's right. You can read that. I can't read it because I'm not allowed to say it.A CNN legal commentator, the prosecutor misled this jury. So there is a case to be made because five people have stated it very professionally that the prosecutor should be prosecuted. THE District Attorney Soros backed lawyer should be prosecuted because he knew when he submitted his case all about the lies and therefore, he's committed a crime.Many people have said that, that they should turn this around. He knew that this was a fake case. He knew that the lies were -- the lies are all over the place. We're not just talking about a small amount.Also, you have to go get the southern district's about a 28-page book on lies, which the judge wouldn't allow.And by the way, the judge wouldn't allow that. The southern district highly respected, a book of 28 pages, I believe, or more of lies. We're not allowed to put it in. The expert witness that we have, the best there is in election law, Brad Smith, he's considered that the Rolls Royce or we'll bring it back to an American car, Cadillac.But the best there is, he can't testify. He's not being allowed to testify. And you saw what happened to a highly respected lawyer today, Bob Costello. Wow. I've never seen anything like that. Highly respected.But remember this, we can't put in an expert witness. We're not allowed to put in an expert witness. Nobody's ever heard of it before. You know, election law is very complicated, actually. And we're not allowed to have an expert witness because the judge wants to rule on it. He said we don't need an expert witness, I guess, he said he'll rule on it.No, he needs help. And we have the number one person, either side will admit it. Brad Smith, on a very complex law where we did nothing wrong. I will tell you that right now. And he doesn't want him to testify. That's because he's going to say we did nothing wrong.Clay Travis, oops, I can't say that one because again, I have a gag order. Brett Tolman goes through a whole big thing on a witness today, so I can't talk about it.Buck Sexton did the exact same thing. Kim (INAUDIBLE) who's a very good lawyer, CNN commentator, it's not only going to the credibility, it also goes to Alvin Bragg's office's credibility. How did they not get this out ahead of time? Why didn't they? That's what everyone's asking now. How did they put something like this out?And then he goes on to things I'm not allowed to talk about. Can you believe it, here I am, vice presidential. We have 15 people that I'm supposed to be meeting about who's going to be our vice president, but I'm stuck in the refrigerator all day.The presidential nominee as I'm down here by an acting judge. He's acting and, you know, who appointed him? Democrats in a clubhouse.But hopefully, I tell you, for the good, and I hope the governor steps forward and the mayor steps forward, because you can't go. And it's like we have an armed camp outside.I mean, if you're a civilian, you can't get within three blocks of this courthouse. All you have is police and they're in blue and they look good to me. But I'll tell you what, you don't see any civilians outside. I never saw so many iron cases I've seen in the last five weeks.Andy McCarthy, to show he stole from the Trump Organization even as they're structuring a deal, bla, bla, bla. And now I can't talk about it because again, I have a gag order.So, I think the case is going very well. We've asked for termination of the case. This case should be terminated. This shouldn't go anywhere. It should be terminated right now.And New York State has to build up its system again. New York State can't let this happen. Can't let this happen. There were no crimes. We did nothing wrong. And I want to get back to campaigning. I'm representing millions and millions, hundreds of millions of people.In the meantime, Russia and China are now good friends. They want to take over the world. Iran is developing a nuclear weapon, and that's not going to be an easy situation when they have it. North Korea is getting frisky, and I get along with him very well. But the current administration, they don't even know his name.We have a lot of things to solve. Inflation is hitting new highs. You see that, they're hitting new highs. I should be out campaigning so we can turn the country around. Thank you very much. See you tomorrow.(END VIDEOTAPE)GUTFELD: OK, Jesse, I cut you off earlier. Please continue what you consider to be a thought.WATTERS: Well, the president said something incorrect there and I just -- I have to correct the former president. He said that there's no crime here. And that's just wrong. There is a crime and we found out today Michael Cohen's a thief.19 days into this trial. We finally have a crime, larceny. He stole 60,000 from his clients. And then he took the rest, he paid 20,000 in cash in a brown paper bag to the contractor he was stiffing.This is the guy, this is the star witness. So, now, the jury sees Trump as a victim. He's a crime victim. This whole case rests on this one thing, Trump knowingly signing off on a false invoice. Cohen doctors this invoice and that proves that Trump didn't know he was signing off on a false invoice, that blows the whole case off, why would he sign off on an invoice that robs them of 60,000, he wouldn't.He's in a conspiracy with the guy who's stealing from him? Some conspiracy, Michael Cohen didn't even tell the CFO, how is this all a conspiracy? Michael Cohen looks like he's running this entire thing.The king document is now tainted. This summary of this legal expense is tainted to the jury. And the defense did a great job today putting out all of these legal things that Cohen had been doing for Trump, that organization and the Trump family for the entire year of 2017 that would justify these legal expenses.Now, Alvin Bragg knew about the phone call that happened. That blew up, that never happened. And then he also knew about his star witness stealing 60,000.So, the jury must feel like totally railroaded here by the prosecution. It showed today that Michael Cohen told everybody he knew that Donald Trump was innocent had no knowledge of this payment, had nothing to do with this payment.And the minute the Feds raided his office and said you have 48 hours to plead guilty or you and your wife are going to go to prison for a long time, he flipped.And then that's why you bring in Costello because Costello comes in and says, yes, at the height of his pressure, where he was suicidal, and he would do anything he could to give the Feds whatever they wanted on Trump. He told me he had no dirt on Donald. So, he's got to be telling the truth there because if he had something, he would have served it up to him.And then they wouldn't let Brad Smith, this federal election commission lawyer come on to say that this isn't a crime, this payment, this NDA, it's not an illegal campaign contribution.Now, this is the former president of the United States. Not only are you gagging him, keeping him from campaigning, you're not letting them put on an expert witness? What the hell is this?And then you have Cohen admitting he made $4 million on anti-Trump books and podcasts. And he's shopping a third anti-Trump book. He's shopping a Netflix deal. And he's considering running for Congress. Michael Cohen is considering running for Congress.GUTFELD: He's got the you know -- he's got the C.V., he's already committing crimes. He's following the footsteps of Menendez. Last word to you, Dana.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: So, Cohen is not a fixer. He's a grifter. And that was all of those things. So, the jury sees that, and then they can -- they can weigh that.I do want to just go back to one thing, Lawrence O'Donnell from MSNBC, suggesting that Michael Cohen was just getting what was rightfully his.GUTFELD: Balancing.PERINO: I mean, how many people out of business feel like they deserve more salary or bigger bonus, but they don't go around stealing from that person and then trying to make it up. It was like Karine Jean-Pierre could never come up with spin like that. The media does it for them.I do think it is wise if the president is going to quote all these people. I would just quote the people on the left who are making the case that all the things that Jesse just said or said today by people on the left. I would read those out, you're going to choose any.GUTFELD: All right. That was fun. Coming up, an angry old man yells at the sky, Joe Biden gives a race baiting lie filled speech to a black college.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Joe Biden delivering a divisive race-baiting commencement address to an all-male historically Black college in Atlanta. The President painting America as a racist place that does not love Black people.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You missed your high school graduation. You started college just as George Floyd was murdered and there was a reckoning on race. What is democracy? If Black men are being killed in the street, what is democracy? Betrayal of broken promises still leave Black communities behind. Extremists close the doors of opportunity, strike down affirmative action, attack the values of diversity, equality, and inclusion. They don't see you in the future of America but they're wrong.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden also using that speech to tell brazen lies about Georgia's election integrity law like this debunked whopper about water. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Today in Georgia, they won't allow water to be available to you while you wait in line to vote in an election. What in the hell is that all about?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: let's go to you first, Harold.PERINO: For no particular reason.WATTERS: What did you think about the President's speech? Did you find it inspiring?FORD JR.: So, I think we -- too often when we're talking about serious issues that -- and we want to opine on them, we sometimes I think too often use the prism of race to do it. There's -- the backdrop of this is the President's polling numbers with Black men is not where he wants him to be, so he wanted to use this effort and platform to be able to do some of it.I listened to a lot of the speech and he talked a lot about his personal life and talked a lot about his faith. I think you have to step back and treat voters like everyday voters. I often time say you meet people where they are. And every voter is paying too much at the grocery store. Every voter is paying too much at the gas station. Every American is paying too much for housing or they believe that they are in all -- in most times are.I think that's where you have to talk about this. The idea of trying to make everything about race or trying to isolate race -- there's no doubt there issues that deal with race. The fact that more Black kids aren't being educated in school, the fact that more Black communities have a saturation of firearms, the fact that more Black moms are -- they're born - - when their kids are born, the likelihood of them having a health ailment is greater than it is in other communities.All those things are things we can look to and look to data, but when you're a politician, you're out talking about the things you want to do to make the nation safer. The two biggest issues, the economy, inflation, and border. Those are the issues that every voter regardless of one's race that they care deeply about. I think the President gave it -- gave it -- you know, gave it a great try in Morehouse but I would have probably done a little differently.WATTERS: OK. Dana, when he says we don't have a democracy if Black men are dying in the streets, what is he saying there?PERINO: This was a speech that was a long way from hope and change. Like I don't understand it. And if I were ever to be in a White House again, which I will never be but let me just say, if I were ever to be there again, if the president of the United States is offered an opportunity to give a commencement speech and it is an accepted offer, I would say in no way can you make this about politics.Commencement speeches are not about you or your campaign. They are about the students and the families who just made a lot of sacrifices and worked very hard to get to this moment. And what did he tell them? Your futures are dire. They are dismal. Why'd you even bother. I don't even know why you're here. Why are we here doing this? In fact everybody -- let's just -- why don't we just all go home.I was miserable about it because I love a good commencement speech. We did ours last week. We gave our one minute speeches and they were much more inspiring than this. But I also asked this about every speech, why are you giving it? Like, why did you give it this way? It's because his base is crumbling in front of his eyes, and so he has to figure out a way to scare them into voting for them.I mean, the numbers are dismal -- abysmal for him. In Pennsylvania over the weekend, Salena Zito wrote a piece -- she wrote or she tweeted a piece about Black voters in Pennsylvania starting to walk away from the Biden campaign. Pennsylvania is a must-win state. And I'm not saying they're going to vote for Donald Trump. Maybe they will. Maybe they'll vote for RFK Jr. if he's on the ballot. But if Biden loses just a fraction of those voters, his coalition falls apart perhaps for a generation.WATTERS: Gutfeld.GUTFELD: You know, if he wants to get rid of the -- of the poison of White supremacy. He could just resign and let the Black lady take over. I wonder how the crowd would have taken that. There were so many things that he said that were just so wrong when he talk Black men are getting killed. Who's killing them? You know, it's like everything he said was like, well, that's either wrong or what are you not saying?I defended the Kansas City Chief speech last week because it wasn't for the couch-bound critics. It was done by a Catholic in a Catholic venue to a Catholic audience. He's playing to an audience but where Butker expressed beliefs, he's paring lies that are actually based on the assumption that everyone there is a victim. It's actually more insulting than anything you could imagine to go there. It wasn't a commencement address it was a eulogy for the Black race.He was like you're hopeless. You're screwed. He told 13 percent of America your country hates you. I mean, talk about putting y'all back in chains as Biden said about Romney. This is the most divisive leader I think I've ever seen. He's about as uplifting as a terminal illness. And he's only doing it to hold on to power. He -- we've talked about this before. Pitting race against race keeps us busy. So, they remain immune to our concerns, right? That's all this is, is if they could just keep Black people like looking at the Whites and going oh these guys sucked and they're OK.Then when he clapped after the immediate cease-fire line, that tells you everything you need to know about Biden. He will do or say whatever is necessary to play the crowd. He has a spine of a soggy Nerf ball.FORD JR.: But In fairness, President Trump speaks to his crowds when he's before rally and he says things that I think are out of line and --GUTFELD: But they're -- but they're optimistic. These are pessimistic.FORD JR.: Well, President Trump has been known to hurl a few insults and hurl a few things that --GUTFELD: At specific people, not at groups.FORD JR.: Right. But I'm just saying --WATTERS: This a different context. It's a commencement address. And as Dana said, you're trying to be a little more uplifting about the future. Judge Jeanine.PIRRO: The sad part about this is he is so disconnected, Joe Biden, that he doesn't allow these students to have their moment. He doesn't allow them and their parents to have that celebratory moment. And he is incapable of letting them reflect on what they are able to do in the future. Instead, he wants them all to look backwards and makes it seem like the backwards is today and tomorrow.I mean, he's the racist here. He is the one who is creating the division here. He is a guy who's basically saying Blacks are being killed in the streets, you know, and you have to work 10 times harder than the next guy to do as well. Well, I guess he hasn't seen what DEI does. I guess he hasn't seen what he himself and his party is doing to Blacks in this country.Blacks are without a doubt the victims of other Blacks in terms of crime in this country. Blacks in the minority community are the victims of illegals in the sense that illegals are taking priority of where they are in terms of program, school program, parks. Where the illegals come in and literally take away the hopes of Black children who have the ability to succeed. And he's preventing them from doing that.And he wants to talk about democracy. What is democracy today for you? I'll tell you what democracy is, Joe. Democracy is allowing Jewish students to walk on campus and not be afraid to enter into a library, not be prevented from entering into schools. But look this is the same Joe Biden who is a senator voted against integration in schools. This is the same Joe Biden who gave a eulogy for a Klan member, OK. This is a guy who was the racist.And in the end, what he did was he took a moment to create a wonderful period and a wonderful celebration for students and their parents and turned it into hate and divisiveness. But that's who that man is.WATTERS: OK. Great discussion all of you. And I really mean that this time.GUTFELD: Thank you.FORD JR.: Thank you.WATTERS: Up next crime and homelessness is getting so bad in California traffic lights are being sacrificed.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Crime getting so bad in Oakland, officials are now replacing traffic lights with stop signs. Residents blame a massive homeless encampment nearby for the stealing of copper wires from them and for tamping with the lights electrical power boxes.PIRRO: This obviously is a crime, your honor, Judge, but is this -- is this the right way -- the right answer here for this? No it's just classic liberalism in Democrat-run cities. I mean, citizens having to accommodate for the criminals and taxpayers paying for the price for the laxed policies.You know, the sad part about all this is that they're moving everybody around and they're moving stop signs because it's in the way for the encampments. The whole thing is crazy.FORD JR.: Are you covering this?WATTERS: Well, I'm sure your portfolio manager alerted you to the fact that copper, Harold, is at an all-time high. It is doubled uh since Donald Trump was in office under Joe Biden. It's now over $5.00 a pound, so you sell it for scrap. They're going into E.V. charging stations. They're even stealing sculptures and war memorials to resell the copper on the black market. I am disgusted by it. And this would not stand if I were president. But that's not an announcement.GUTFELD: Thank God.FORD JR.: D.P.?PERINO: Well, I think that this will work about as well as abolish the police, right? Like, I can't imagine there will be a problem of not having stop lights at intersections and they'll have to come back and fix it. But I also think, why don't they just call across the bay and say hey, Silicon Valley, we need some tech updates over here. Can you help us out? Like, why can't there just be up -- like, there's got to be a technological solution to this.GUTFELD: But why should be -- this is the problem. Why is society having to dismantle itself to bow to the --PERINO: Yes, true.GUTFELD: -- irrational actions of an insane, mentally ill, or drug addicted feud? This is the result of an abdication of order and responsibility under the disguise of compassion where -- when instead we need to separate the uncivil from the civil. That's compassionate for both sides because once you start taking apart society in order to please who don't -- please those who don't even want to live by society's rules, you end up in the universe of Mad Max. Sooner or later the stop signs are not going to -- are not going to be there either. And then what are you going to do?We have a society that has not just given up but it's given in. And if you try to resist it, you are seen as the bad guy. And this is -- this is the - - I guess the ultimate consequence of phony compassionism brought to you by Harold Ford's party.FORD JR.: With -- not with saying that last line, I agree with everything you said.Coming up, thousands of children left in tears after being greeted by a guy in a bluey onesie. Captain Georgia (ph) want to know this too. We'll explain it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: What is that?PIRRO: A local Las Vegas restaurant is apologizing over an event that left parents fuming and children crying. It promised kids the chance to meet Bluey, the world's most popular children cartoon. But instead of the beloved character, kids saw this weirdo dressed in a onesie. An eye- witnessed describing her disappointment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did he look like the cartoon? Did he look like what like Bluey?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, he looked like unexpected. We could like see his beard.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK, I'll start with you, Harold. Everyone was disappointed. And they even ran out of snacks before half the crowd was there.FORD JR.: If my kids had been there -- they don't watch it now, but I grew up -- they grew up watching this character. And I got -- I got to think it probably frighten a few kids. They -- whoever that organized this event should not have put this guy out there.FORD JR.: That's a shame. What's it like disappointing kids, Jesse?WATTERS: Ask my mother. So, they know Bluey doesn't exist. He's a cartoon. So, let's lower expectations. Someone is going to show up in a costume, all right. The costume wasn't great. But what do you expect? This is a chain restaurant in Vegas. You're getting in for free face paint. You're not going to see Harold Ford Jr., OK. This is -- this is a guy in a Bluey sack. And it looks like he's drinking.PIRRO: And by the way, you know who painted their faces? Their -- the staff at this restaurant. They had no training in face painting.PERINO: I admire them for figuring out a way to try to make a dollar, but I think we have a supply and demand problem. There are not enough Blueys out there. so, Greg, you have an opportunity this weekend.GUTFELD: Yes. You know, I'm with Jesse. I don't go to free events. You go to free events, you end up with a man in a onesie.GUTFELD: Wait a second, Greg. Isn't your show free?GUTFELD: No. It's actually not.WATTERS: "GUTFELD!"PIRRO: Yes. All right, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: OMT. Tonight, on my show, I have Bill Maher for the hour. Who's that? Dana Perino, Dr. Drew, Kat Timpf. What a show, 10:00 p.m. Let's do this. Greg's what's inside the bathroom wall?PIRRO: Oh boy.GUTFELD: All right, roll the clip and then stop it. All right, there's the clip.PIRRO: What is that?GUTFELD: I don't know. That's pretty -- what do you think is behind that wall, Judge?PIRRO: Well, is that a spider? I can't see that.PERINO: It's a hole or something.GUTFELD: All right, Harold?FORD JR.: It looks like a spider. I'm going with the judge.GUTFELD: What do you think?GUTFELD: Those are beetles.GUTFELD: What -- Dana?PERINO: Rabbit.GUTFELD: All right, let's see what's behind the wall.PIRRO: Oh, it's going to be --PERINO: A cat, of course.GUTFELD: There you go.PIRRO: Oh, was it the whiskers?PERINO: Of course.GUTFELD: Yes. Nobody won.PERINO: That's very gross.GUTFELD: All right, Jesse.PIRRO: That's a big cat.WATTERS: That's disgusting.GUTFELD: Good for you.WATTERS: So, tonight on "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," what do women want and why are they so angry? Also Johnny asked people what they would tell graduating college students tonight at 8:00.GUTFELD: All right, Dana.PERINO: Percy received an amazing honor from the U.K. and I just want to show this unveiling to you. Oh, my gosh. Thank you, King Charles so much --GUTFELD: Nice.PERINO: -- for that portrait unveiling of Percy. We appreciate it.GUTFELD: Neutered just like Prince Harry. All right -- are we out of time, Judge?PIRRO: We're out of time.GUTFELD: We are out of time. OK, I guess we'll move on to some guy named Bret.