BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Tonight, and every night. That is it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is coming up after this really pretty shot.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Texas tonight. Thank you for joining us.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Nobody knows what the crime, this isn't a crime. Nobody knows what the crime is. The D.A. didn't name the crime. They don't know what the crime is. That's what the problem is. It's a disgrace. This thing wouldn't be ended immediately. The judge would have ended.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: For several weeks, Alvin Bragg's team elicited testimony from their star witnesses, Stormy Daniels, Michael Cohen, they had virtually no relevance to proving the elements of the crime charged. Well, given this, as I said earlier, the motion for directed verdict should have been granted by any judge worth his or her salt.In other words, no reasonable jury could have found that the crime charge was committed because the evidence wasn't presented. But that would actually require an objective jurist, but Trump faced a badly conflicted one and one the left is obsessed with.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: With respect to Judge Merchan, I mean I am -- I am like now, you know, I felt like a man crush on him. He is such a great judge that it's hard to see that the jurors wouldn't have the same impression.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, how sweet. Isn't that sweet? From the outset, the Left has been salivating over the prospect of the jury finding Trump guilty. Their ultimate fantasy is that he's going to be sent immediately to Rikers Island in the maximum security cell. All right, but they embarrass themselves at every turn here and they rely on the words of an admitted liar and of course, now we know Michael Cohen is also a thief.The so-called star witness even lied on the stand. But the judge made a special effort to try to save Cohen's credibility as a witness. Well, as we all suspected, Judge Merchan ended the argument phase of this trial, the way he began it, with staggering bias that always favored the prosecution.Now, I think of all the things that happened, the most consequential today was when he instructed the jury that they didn't need to be unanimous about that add on crime that we've talked about for months now that takes what was a simple administrative bookkeeping misdemeanor to a supposed felony. And what's worse, the crimes that Merchan lays out, which would be federal election, campaign violations, falsification of other business records, or even violation of tax laws. They weren't even charged in the indictment.Yes. He said, although you must conclude unanimously that the defendant conspired to promote or prevent the election of any person to a public office by unlawful means. You need not be unanimous as to what those unlawful means were. OK. This is a joke and what we've been warning about since this indictment was handed down now 14 months ago.In the defense world, this is called, well, that's a trick and it's called umbrella charging. And it's something that the Supreme Court even warned of but didn't rule upon specifically back in 1991. And a case called Chad versus Arizona. Justice Scalia, in his concurrence there, noted that it's true as the plurality points out that one can conceive of novel umbrella crimes, a felony consisting of either robbery or failure to file a tax return in that case, were permitting a six-to-six verdict would seem contrary to due process. Yes.This is precisely what is happening here in Merchan's instructions. A violation of the due process clause of the Constitution, which also of course undermines Trump's right to unanimous jury verdict in a state criminal case. Now,Judge Merchan also made sure to tell the jury that if they conclude Cohen was dishonest, and that one key part of his testimony that we all know he lied on that needn't compromise other parts of his testimony regarding Trump's actions and intent. That's another dead giveaway. And yet another dead giveaway of the systemic flaws in this case, the prosecution's use of broad sweeping language in his closing argument.Josh Steinglass claimed that Trump was guilty of committing, quote, a fraud upon the American people, and even a, quote, subversion of democracy. Again, neither are actual crimes, but who cares? It sounds pretty damning, right?Then there are the Biden efforts that happen outside of the courthouse that also could affect juror's deliberations. Now, imagine you're a juror and maybe you're just taking a break, scrolling on Instagram, and this pops up on your feed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY: People start to focus a little bit more about what's at stake and start to become educated on the issues and the differences between the two men. I believe that Americans are going to choose good over evil .(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, no, I think Trump's not guilty means I'm choosing evil. Well, that's what Dr. Jill said. Yes, that's despicable. Bragg, Merchan, the entire Biden team are deliberately creating a major constitutional crisis with this case, they knew it from the beginning. Biden himself could have ended this lawfare before it began by saying that, look, you know, I don't like Donald Trump, but I want to beat him fair and square, and a real campaign with real debates, not via prosecutors, and D.A.s with political ambitions.Now, think about that. That actually would have been the political and legal smart thing for Biden to do, also institutionally brilliant for him to have said, as a sitting president, but look, he doesn't care. We know that. I don't even know if he knows where he is. And his political saboteurs, they don't care. They'd rather destroy the country, then share power and save the Constitution and the legitimacy of our justice system. The question is, though, do we have one juror from this Manhattan pool, who still cares enough to be brave here?For four years, we've been lectured by Biden and his media cronies on the need to preserve democracy, we've heard it and heard it again. But this week, we saw what their vision of democracy really means. It means that the President can use the DOJ as a weapon and encourage states to do the same, in order, of course, to stop his political opponents.And it also means the political opponent himself will not get a fair trial; he doesn't deserve it. And he's subjected to gag orders handed down by a compromised judge. And their vision of Democracy also means that the rest of the world sees our judicial system as a rigged and political farce. The type of fraudulent political show trial that we accuse Russia and China putting on.But in November, the voters have a chance, they have a chance to stand up for their vision of democracy, where the government actually does what the voters want, not merely prop itself up by bringing in phony charges against anyone who gets in their way.Joining me now from outside the courthouse is Andy McCarthy, former Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. Also with me, Sol Wisenberg, former Deputy Independent Counsel, both are Fox News Contributors.Andy, you've been writing brilliantly on this from day one, I want to circle back to something I mentioned in the Angle, that Merchan says the jury doesn't need to be unanimous on that add on crime that makes this a felony. Tell us about what your reaction is to that part of this instruction.ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I really thought, Laura, after everything that had happened that I had been kind of done being astonished by this case. But the idea that the jury doesn't have to agree on what in essence is the most important component of the case, the element that turns this as you pointed out this bookkeeping misdemeanor into a felony, and not just that, the element that allows Bragg by his interpretation of statute of limitations to get out from under the two year statute that applies to misdemeanors and get into felony land, so he can, you know, take advantage of the six year statute and have this case,It's mind-boggling to me that at the end of the rainbow after they didn't give Trump notice of what the charges were at the indictment stage. After through six weeks of trial, we still weren't certain what the menu of crimes it now turns out was going to be at the end that he was supposedly covering up or concealing. Now we get here, and it turns out that they don't have to even agree on the main thing. It's astonishing.INGRAHAM: I share your outrage about this, Andy. Sol, just -- let's just speak to these jury instructions themselves in totality. They were 55 pages long. It took the judge an hour and 40 minutes to read them to the jury. Now, that seems pretty overwhelming. But does it mean anything?SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I don't think it's that unusual. I mean, I practice as you know, federal white-collar crime. I've practiced on both sides. And jury instructions can be long and boring. The key to me is the jury instructions are, as Andy and you have pointed out, they're terrible on some points to begin with. There's not even a definition of, of willfully there, but also you consider the ridiculousness of the false records allegations.The very thing that turned fault this into a felony, the false record statute. It's only a felony if you have an intent to commit another crime or to cover up another crime. What is the other crime? Well, it turns out that one of them is misdemeanor falsification of billing records.INGRAHAM: Right.WISENBERG: It's totally circular. But I also -- I also think it's critical to point out, there's so many errors here. And one of the most blatant was in Steinglass' argument today. I've got a quote on this. He says it's an established fact that Michael Cohen violated federal election law on the direct orders of Donald Trump. That's a direct violation of the cautionary instruction that the judge gave the jury, but when the defense objected, he overruled the objection. So, there is so much --so much wrong with everything about this case.INGRAHAM: Andy, to that point that Sol just made, how significant was it that Judge Merchan did not allow the former FEC Commissioner, Chairman of the FEC, to testify as to what would be a federal election violation in this case, given the fact that that was one of the menu of options, the jury can consider that it was an FEC violation of election interference.MCCARTHY: Yes, it's really astounding, Laura, given that, you know, first of all, what Brad Smith would have explained was that categorically non- disclosure agreements are not campaign expenditures under federal law. And that's under the interpretation of the Justice Department and the FEC, as you just mentioned, which it's important to point this out.When Congress created the FEC, they made the FEC and the Justice Department, the exclusive agencies that had jurisdiction to enforce these laws. So, Bragg has no business enforcing these laws to begin with. He's making up his own campaign finance law. And because the judge kept off the stand, the one guy in the zip code, who knows anything about federal campaign finance law, the jury got expert testimony from Michael Cohen, and David Pecker. And that is exactly what they're going to go on.One last point about this. There's nothing factually in the record about the FEC -- about the election laws coming into the case, until the FEC started asking questions in 2018, which is long after all the payments to Cohen, and long after the non-disclosure agreements were negotiated. So, it's not possible that they could have -- they can convict him beyond a reasonable doubt when there's no evidence in the record that Trump even was thinking about the federal election laws, let alone that he was willfully plotting to violate them.INGRAHAM: OK, Sol, very quickly. Juries considering at least some jurors want to reread part of the testimony of David Pecker and Michael Cohen. And it looks like on the issue of perhaps establishing intent on the part of the defendant, President Trump. Can we read in that -- into that anything about a possible outcome?WISENBERG: Well, I just think it's a good sign. I think 14 Trump that they're asking these questions and going over this testimony. To me, it indicates there's at least some -- some disagreement going on. And I think that's a good thing for President Trump.INGRAHAM: Andy and Sol, great to see both of you, have both of you on tonight. Thanks so much. All right. Proof Biden's panicking, oh, yes, about securing the black vote. It's big, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: For decades, Democrats have just taken minority voters to granted. We've all seen it. Every election they mouth platitudes about racism, as of course liberal policies just continually erode Black and Hispanic wealth. Well, the bad narrative, thankfully, is finally catching up with them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We see a clear decline in support at this point. Joe Biden just getting 70 percent of the black vote. Four years ago, at this point, he was at 81 percent. Look at that doubling of support for Donald Trump from 10 percent up to 21 percent. It's a huge alarm. It's spiraling. It's ambulance, it's police sirens. It's any alarm you can think of. These numbers, to be honest, could be deadly to Joe Biden's campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That was actually one of my favorite sound bites of the week. It's an alarm spiraling every -- now I think we should just end up referring to the Biden campaign as uncool and the gang. There are all appeals, they're all falling flat. But look, it's all they know how to do.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Let's talk about Trump's MAGA lies. MAGA extremist banned book to devalue diversity, equality, inclusion are literally and I'm not kidding. core strengths of America, and I'll be damned if I let Donald Trump turn America into a place filled with anger and resentment and hate.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And says the man whose party is literally trying to send Trump to jail just to avoid having to debate his record to minorities and all voters(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Democrat messaging is full of (inaudible). That's why. And talk about cost of living and we're going to help deal with this. And don't talk about (inaudible) and student loans.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now Georgia voter Michaelah Montgomery, she's the Founder of Conserve the Culture. Also with me, Ajay Brewer, Virginia business owner. All right, Ajay, let's start with you. I know you were once a Democrat, but you've heard the argument Biden is making. Trump is trying to divide America. Does that resonate with black voters?AJAY BREWER, VIRGINIA BUSINESS OWNER: Well, unfortunately, it resonates with a few folks. But here lately, man, I've got to be honest with you, Laura. It has been a breath of fresh air speaking to some of my friends and some of the folks who come into Brewers Cafe every day, about how much they are tired of the same old argument, the divisive politics, judging us by our skin tone and who we sleep with. We want to be judged by our merit. What we bring to the table? And to be honest with you, I think folks are tired of it. And you're seeing a lot of us speak up.INGRAHAM: Now, Michaelah, we all know what's happened to the value of a buck, as my mother used to say, you know, just doesn't go as far as it used to, certainly doesn't go as far as it did back in 2019. But Biden decides he's going to go back to January 6th to try to make the case for 2024 to minority voters. It's perplexing, but I want you to listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Let me ask you, what do you think he would have done on January 6th, if Black Americans had stormed. Think about this. What would what happen if Black Americans are storming the Capitol?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Does that work, Michaelah with African American voters who see what's happening in crime and the border and obviously the economy?MICHAELAH MONTGOMERY, FOUNDER, CONSERVE THE CULTURE: It's no secret that black people as a collective know that January 6th would have been handled differently if it was us storming the Capitol. But the fact that Joe Biden can acknowledge that we would have been treated differently in the justice processes after June 6th, if it was us, who stormed the Capitol, really highlights a deeper issue than just what happened at the Capitol.If the President of the United States knows that black people are treated differently in the justice system, why are you not talking more about what you're going to do to fix that? Rather than talking about an isolated incident. That of course you feel like everybody would agree with you on, in regards to your solvency?INGRAHAM: Well, the bottom line, I think is when you look back to 2019 and where consumer confidence was in the United States, it was pretty high. And Ajay, that meant people felt like they just felt a little more confident. They could maybe make ends meet, maybe once in a while, go on a long weekend, vacation feel good about where their kids were going to school, it wasn't perfect, but things were pretty much on the upswing.So, are you better off four years ago, what do you say to President Trump about expanding his base and trying to move into urban America to just say, look, just listen to what I have to say. I'll bring back that feeling of things beginning to get better again.BREWER: Well, you know, that's my messaging. That's what I speak to my customer base, It brews (ph) a lot about. I mean, it's more about what we can do for ourselves. It's more about how we can create jobs and how we can invest in our own communities, how we can get government out of the way, stop doing for us, stop being our parents. More importantly.If they're going to be parents, then you know, do the right thing, but it's always seems like they do the wrong thing. As a good friend of mine, Laura, one time, you know what is -- what is it that you support Biden with? And we went over five things, and I blindly tested him on those subjects, and they were all Trump aligned policies, or let's say, conservative aligned policies.And when I asked him, check this out, when I asked him, who -- why Biden, why him? And his response was, I think he cares more about us. And so, I think they just appeal to our emotions at the end. They don't give us opportunity. They don't get out of our way, Laura. And really, it's kind of getting old. It really is. And I think people -- here's the unfortunate part. Here's the really unfortunate part as a conservative person who is black, most of us are concerned and afraid to speak up. The mob will attack you.I mean, if you Google Brewers, you'll see what happened to us when we spoke up, when I spoke up on some issues.INGRAHAM: Oh, yes, they tried to cancel you.BREWER: The mob will attack you --INGRAHAM: Yes, you ended up in the hospital. Didn't you, Ajay?BREWER: Well, look, look, you gave me an opportunity to thank my beautiful, gorgeous wife Joy, she donated a kidney to me, Laura, last year. We reopened Brewers Cafe three months after that, and we've been rocking and rolling ever since.INGRAHAM: Good.BREWER: Yes, no, we're doing good now. Yes, ma'am.INGRAHAM: I love it. I love that story. You decided you're not going to -- you're not walking away. You're not limping away. You're going to fight to stay in business. Good for you. Michaelah, one thing I really remember was what happened in Chicago and what happened in New York when illegal immigrants were moving and or being moved into historically black neighborhoods, and sometimes in schools temporarily, other times in nearby fields where tents were set up.And I remember those comments from black citizens saying, wait a second, what's going on here? Like we're struggling here?MONTGOMERY: What about us? Yes.INGRAHAM: And you're bringing this mess into the country. That seemed to be a tipping point for many, especially young black Americans, that moment.MONTGOMERY: Yes, I think collectively, black people are tired being put second, we're tired of being treated as second class citizens. And we've been living in these neighborhoods for generations. And now you can bus in these folks who just got here, and you're now willing to provide them with resources that we have been begging for, for the past couple of decades.They're getting school, they're getting help buying houses, they're getting health care, they're getting resources to help them get a job. These are all things that can help people in those communities actually get out of those communities. Yet these resources were not offered to those people, they were offered to folks who got away with committing a crime, and now are looking for asylum in a community in which we are persecuted for the smallest of crimes.So, when you really look at how another group of people are being treated in our neighborhoods, you're looking at how we're getting attention --INGRAHAM: That's Biden.MONTGOMERY: -- by our neighborhoods, but it's not --INGRAHAM: Yes.MONTGOMERY: -- to help us. We're fed up with that, like, second class citizenship was done away with years ago yet for whatever reason, we're allowed the current administration to treat us as such.INGRAHAM: Yes. Well, Michaelah and Ajay, I think all of America, all American citizens are feeling like strangers in their own land right now and it's affecting everyone at every level, in every background. We appreciate both of you and your perspectives here tonight. Thank you.All right. How far will the Left go to avoid talking about that little issue, just a small issue. It's called the economy. My Angle explains next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Their flagging campaign. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Nothing they do is breaking through. Biden's numbers, they're in the toilet, on the economy, inflation, immigration. Voters say they trust Trump over our bumbling incumbent. Their focus on abortion, that hasn't gotten them any traction. Same with their drumbeat about January 6th.It turns out that no one, except for maybe Robert De Niro and his ilk, believes that democracy is on the line, or that Trump's a dictator. And since the Trump trials are also boomeranging back on them, all that Democrats and their media flacks can do, I guess, is try what failed again, with a slightly tweaked narrative.Now, that brings us to the left's phony flag-gate story after the New York Times posted a second hit piece last week attacking Justice Alito over which flags fly outside his homes, like the historic Appeal to Heaven flag.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Samuel Alito has identified himself with the same people who raided the Capitol on January 6th. In the Senate, we have gavels. There should be subpoenas going out. There should be active investigations that are happening.UNKNOWN: He can't play fast and loose with these political symbols without jeopardizing his own integrity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Their goal, well, to undermine the legitimacy of the court they no longer control, and to try to force Alito to recuse himself from all his, all the January 6th cases. Now, they've never accepted, we all know, that the court can legitimately be more conservative now. They've never accepted it.And this flag nonsense, it's -- I was thinking about it today, it's just an extension of the confirmation battles going all the way back to Bork, back to Thomas, and back to Kavanaugh. They also hope to use this flag nonsense to whip up their otherwise quite demoralized activist base in an election year. One problem, it's perhaps the stupidest thing ever.Now, let's give a short history lesson for the leftists who hate America so much they apparently just don't read any books.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Flag of the United States of America, your flag and mine is symbolic of a living country and the government of, by, and for the people. There were many other forerunners of the stars and stripes. The pine tree flag used by the Continental Navy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It's such a controversial flag that it was featured in the opening credits of the award-winning HBO series John Adams. Now, the flag, with its Appeal to Heaven motto as a backdrop, is an important piece of American history. And it was really important at the founding of the country. Our desire to be free from British control, that's what it represents.National Review explains the flag was designed in 1775 by Colonel Joseph Reed, Washington's personal secretary at the time, and was specifically commissioned by Washington himself. And it remains the official maritime flag of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Now, it even flew high above San Francisco's Civic Center Plaza for decades until this past Saturday. Oops.Now, the New York Times, of course, claimed that Alito's flag flying was provocative and that he's now associated with a push for a more Christian- minded government. Now, this whole thing started a couple weeks ago when the Times hit Alito for flying an upside-down American flag outside his home for a few days back in January 2021. Yeah, going back that far.It was a piece that the Washington Post, by the way, chose not to publish at the time, because at the time it was such a stupid non-story. And now, well, we're getting new background on the flag context involved here. Alito told Fox News Digital that his wife chose to fly the flag after being provoked by an angry liberal neighbor.Now, the BLM and Biden-supporting unmarried couple in their 30's, living, by the way, with the woman's mother, classy, claimed that they weren't the ones who started anything here, despite the woman admitting to having put up a F-Trump and your complicit sign. And despite, by the way, having called Mrs. Alito the C-word. Wow, C-word. Really? That's smart. Classic move by an angry liberal wombat.Now, in a letter to Congress sent today, Justice Alito refused to recuse himself, noting that he asked his wife to take the flag down after he noticed it, although for several days she just refused. He reiterated that he didn't know that there was a political statement here and that the flag flying arose from that neighborhood spat. Now, Alito himself, he said, is not fond of flying flags, but his wife is.Now, from these facts, it is absolutely ludicrous, even to the little, little bitty pea-brain of a liberal, to conclude that Alito should feel somehow compelled to recuse himself from January 6th or other Trump-related cases. But again, I'm going to go back to what I keep saying all show. The Biden team literally has nothing else to run on. This is an election year and they certainly cannot risk, they can't risk the debate being focused on the issues that voters actually are worried about, like the economy, like the border.And they're so desperate to get back to this phony insurrection that they branded back on January 6th that they're trotting out Capitol Police officers who were there on January 6th to stand outside the courthouse. One's even going to campaign for Biden in Nevada. Yeah.And don't think for a second that the key press apparatchiks out there in the Biden campaign aren't coordinating these stories. Democrats know full well, I think, that they're going to lose this if it's a regular campaign. If the frame of this race is what was better, the 3.5 years under Biden or four years under Trump, we lose that every day of the week and twice on Sunday, said a longtime Democrat strategist to Politico.Well, just look at the way Politico framed the Biden campaign press conference yesterday, saying that more than any other day of the trial, fueled by the Biden campaign's involvement, the courthouse and its immediate vicinity on a Tuesday became the center of litigation for something besides the hush money trial for the November election. Huh. Confirming what we said all along. This is all political.Yeah, we know this is always political. Only now they're stupid enough to confirm it with Dumbo De Niro out there outside the courthouse. Well, fortunately, the American people don't seem to be buying it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Think Trump did something illegal in the New York hush money case. I've been interested in whether or not these numbers would change at all during the course of this trial. Simply put, John, they have not. The percentage of Americans who think that the charges are very serious, in fact, dropped from 40 percent to a little bit more than 35 percent during the course of this trial.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yeah, people are busier cleaning out their sock drawer. All right. People are a lot smarter, as usual, than the Democrats think they are. And that's the Angle.Up next, the Biden campaign stunned outside the Trump trial didn't quite go as planned. We have details, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: How do you know that sending your political operation, plus an over-the-hill celeb to the courthouse was a bad idea?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I have to ask you why you decided to speak there and to have the campaign show up at the courthouse? I don't know. It doesn't feel right to me at all. Is there any concern about the campaign getting a little bit too close to these court proceedings? And could that backfire? Was it a good decision?UNKNOWN: No, there's no concern. This campaign is not speaking about the substance of the trial in any way, shape or form. What we are talking about is the unique threat that Donald Trump poses to our democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I've never even heard of that guy before, right now. Stephen Miller, former senior adviser to President Trump, founder of America First Legal. Stephen, I guess that's Biden's communications director, who is not a household name. But, you know, I guess that was his idea of being creative in the moment.And they promised to continue to be, quote, "creative when it comes to these Trump trials." What's that supposed to mean?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISER TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: That press conference organized by the Biden campaign, on the heels, I would add, of the Biden administration announcing that Biden himself would react to the verdict, a clear message to the jury, by the way, was the moment at which all doubt that anyone could have was removed.All of these communist lawfare campaigns are Democrat Party persecutions to take out Joe Biden's political opponent. They dispense with the charade. They dispense with the pretend games. And they said, we want this jury to take out Joe Biden's political opponent. And so that is a moment that will live in infamy for a long time. It's an inflection point.And I would say that even though Donald Trump is the one on trial, it is Joe Biden and the Democrat communist prosecutors who are facing the judgment of history and who will incur the wrath of the American voter.INGRAHAM: Well, I think the fact that Biden has already said he's going to speak the night the verdict comes out, it's -- you know, a friend of mine said, well, they know it's going to be guilty. Biden wouldn't have said he's going to come out and speak unless they were pretty confident they had a guilty verdict here.Now, I was in the courtroom and you can't really game the jury, but it's kind of fun to try. I'd be surprised if there wasn't one juror who was brave here. But then again, it's a Manhattan jury and it's a compromised judge and it's a compromised corrupt prosecutor. So, you know, I can see why people can be pessimistic here.MILLER: Well, I think that the Biden campaign's decision to announce he was making remarks was specifically a pressure campaign on the jury to say Joe Biden is watching you, the White House is watching you, your friends and neighbors are watching you.It is one more example of Joe Biden directly interfering in our judicial process to try to legally assassinate his political rival, to put him behind bars for life.And I would just hope and pray there's not just one, but more than one juror who will stand up for the American tradition, the American constitution, the American rule of law and do what's right, right by God and right by justice and right by this Republic.I mean, as you've covered and you know so well, Laura, we are in a shocking situation where the Biden donor judge has told the jurors they need not even unanimously agree, need not even have a majority agree --INGRAHAM: Unbelievable.MILLER: -- on what this alleged felony that Trump has committed even is. And they barred the defense from bringing an expert witness to say Trump couldn't have possibly violated campaign finance law under any known definition.INGRAHAM: Well, or a tax attorney or a tax expert because they threw that in the, you know, a kettle of fish. They could be even guilty of tax evasion as that add-on crime to bump it up to a felony. This is a very dark day for the U.S. justice system, for the New York justice system.But, Stephen, they wanted this constitutional crisis. And if there is a guilty verdict, there will be a constitutional crisis. But President Trump's standing firm. Stephen, thank you.All right, coming up, Jill Biden says that Joe's age, not an issue. Has she actually seen her husband lately? You will in moments. Raymond Arroyo has it all, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for Seen and Unseen, where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo in our L.A. bureau. All right, Raymond, Jill Biden was out spinning her husband's vigor today.But as a refresher, I think everybody wants to see Jill Biden's commencement from over the weekend. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Congratulations. You've earned every bit of what you're going to get today. As President Lincoln said. You can clap for that.The fall. He had tied that fall. He decided to. Look, I shouldn't get into this problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Now, Laura, despite what you saw there, this was Dr. Jill and the View girls today talking about Joe Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: He seems right on top of it. The man is competent, alert and doing the job. And it's not about his age. The other one is doddering. He doesn't remember anything.JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: This election is not about age. They're basically the same age. This election is about character.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: How about the character trait of honesty, Laura? I mean, the American people can see this. They see Donald Trump giving impromptu press conferences and rallies without notes, walking into bodegas and doing whole orations. And then poor Biden can't get through commencement.INGRAHAM: Now, the best is when she said it's a choice between good versus evil. That's -- she said that's what the election is. Good versus evil. OK, your guys are trying to jail the plays opponent. All right. Let's talk --ARROYO: Yeah, stay with me. I'm going to -- I'm also going to deepen that reflection too, Laura. Look, the visuals of the president have also moved Dr. Jill to change her conversation altogether. She now claims the election is about character and integrity.But just a few months ago, remember what it was all about? Vigor and zest.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JILL BIDEN: I see Joe every day. I see him out, you know, traveling around this country. I see his vigor. I see his energy. I see his passion every single day. His age is an asset.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, I wish she'd told that to her husband and the advance team in Philadelphia today. Biden was in the words of Joy Behar, doddering and couldn't remember anything.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Well, we've changed out with the Recovery Act with the -- right now -- lying around and it's him lying around, actually. Donald Trump is pandering and peddling lies and stereotypes for your vote so he can win.It's the same guy who wanted to tear gas you. And we're rebuilding a 60 zillion dollar bridge in Baltimore.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, apparently, it's not always sunny in Philadelphia.INGRAHAM: Now, the best is when he snapped at that reporter asking about whether he'd finish another four years. Check it out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: President Biden, will you be serving your full four-year term or handing over power to Vice President Harris?(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: All four years are handing over.(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: I can't hear you. Can you approach?(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, that was --INGRAHAM: He has such disdain for everyone. He has disdain for anyone who dares ask a question.ARROYO: Yeah. Well, the Philadelphia event, Laura, it was a nightmare. I mean, look, remember, as you reported earlier, this was the big overture to black America. But if you're going to invite a musical guest in, you'd figure John Legend would show up, somebody who would resonate with the community.Then out came Elmo. Does Big Bird owe the Biden's money? I mean, why is a public television character now doing campaign endorsements, Laura? I'm just asking. I mean, this guy is on the payroll.INGRAHAM: No, the puppets. Well, he says puppeteers run the campaign. A puppet makes sense. And Raymond, I love the bait and switch they did also for the black audience. Listen carefully to this intro, everyone.ARROYO: OK.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Today, I have a distinct honor of being here at the launch of black voters for Harris-Biden.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Well, I see people testifying. Can I get a witness?(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: The Harris-Biden campaign. All she does is laugh. And you know, Laura, while the media is obsessively covering the Trump trial, the Biden campaign is trying to deploy Kamala Harris to win over women and black voters using abortion.The campaign just released this sit down with another abortion provider. She's turning into kind of the Oprah of abortuaries. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I'm an abortion provider. You know, I can tell you in every state that I work in, there is a chilling effect, a chilling effect.HARRIS: The government should not be interfering. It should not be messing with the relationship between a patient and her doctor.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Now, Jill Biden, Laura, as you pointed out, said this campaign is about a choice between good and evil and you're pushing abortion. That's your only argument.Look, you know, the big problem they're having here, that is number nine, abortion, among the most important issues, according to this new ABC News poll. The abortion play may not work this time around.INGRAHAM: Well, talk about a negative, cynical campaign. Abortion, January 6, I guess they throw in a little weed for good measure. That's about it. All right, Raymond, thank you. Great to see you. Yeah, why not?All right. That's it for us tonight. Make sure to follow me on social media. I had a little trouble getting to Texas yesterday. You may have heard. Well, it was great being on with Judge Jeanine.Remember, it is America now and forever. And Jesse takes it from here.