GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We're all perverse things occur.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: They're dancing.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jesse Watters.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We're going to skip what I had. We'll just promote the show Jesse Watters "PRIMETIME" 8:00. We have the Get It Together series with a reformed arms trafficker.PERINO: Awesome. All right. that's it for us, have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, Dana, it's great to see you in New York. See you next time. Thank you. Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier.Another legal setback for Hunter Biden as the judge rules his federal gun crimes trial will proceed as scheduled. A big primary for voters in Maryland and West Virginia, as Republicans seek to gain control of the U.S. Senate.And Secretary of State Antony Blinken visits Ukraine as the U.S. sends in more weapons.But first, breaking tonight, lawyers for former President Donald Trump start the cross examination of the prosecution's key witness in the former president's criminal case. That trial of course centers on 34 counts against Trump on falsifying business records for a payment to an adult film actress who alleged a sexual encounter with Mr. Trump ahead of the 2016 election.This is the first ever criminal prosecution of an ex-president. Former Trump attorney and self-described fixer Michael Cohen was immediately grilled on cross examination about his often profane social media posts concerning his former boss after prosecutors on direct tried to link the former president to that payment and the record of it.Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the New York State Supreme Court again tonight with the summary. Good evening, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. At the end of courts tonight, Trump attorney Todd Blanche asked Michael Cohen if he's obsessed with former President Donald Trump. Cohen says that he isn't, insisting instead that he admired Trump tremendously. But that admiration turned into animosity and it was on full display in the courtroom today.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why did they call you the fixer?FOY (voice over): Today, the defense is turned with the cross examination of Michael Cohen. Cohen admitted he wants to see former President Donald Trump convicted in this trial. Cohen once served as Trump's lawyer but now makes a living largely off criticizing the former president on social media and in podcast and books.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You have a constitutional problem without ability to state anything about your own case. I am not allowed to talk about big portions of my case.FOY (voice over): On the witness stand today, Cohen admitted to lying before Congress in 2017 and again to Special Counsel prosecutors during the Mueller investigation.Today, Cohen claimed he submitted false monthly invoices in 2017 and received checks sometimes signed by Trump himself as a reimbursement for paying adult film actress stormy Daniels $130,000.But Trump maintains all those payments represent legitimate legal expenses. Cohen also detailed how his once close relationship with Trump fell apart.In the spring of 2018, the FBI raided Cohen's office and apartment, shortly after Cohen says he spoke directly to Trump for the final time, alleging Trump said, "Don't worry, I'm the President of the United States. There is nothing here. Everything is going to be OK. Stay tough."Cohen testified he believed Trump later exerted pressure on him through social media. With Trump posting, "Most people will flip if the government lets them out of trouble, even if it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don't see Michael doing that."But soon after Cohen agreed to cooperate with the Southern District of New York and pleaded guilty to federal campaign finance violations and tax evasion.Cohen continues criticizing Trump while the former president is bound by the court's gag order, an appellate court denied Trump's challenge of that order today.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): They are overriding his constitutional right to defend himself from political smears from his harshest critics at the most important time.(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): Tonight, Trump will attend a fundraiser hosted by GOP billionaire donors here in New York City. Cohen will continue his testimony Thursday morning at 9:30. He's the prosecution's final witness. After that, Trump's lawyers will have the opportunity to bring their own witnesses forward, Bret.BAIER: Nate Foy outside the courthouse. Nate, thanks.Let's get some analysis now of today's developments from former U.S. Attorney Brett Tolman. Bret, thanks for being here. First, on the direct examination. What was your thoughts today about the prosecution wrapping up its case?BRETT TOLMAN, FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY: Bret, thanks for having me on. I will tell you, I was a bit stunned to learn this is going to be their last -- their last witness. When you put someone on the stand like this that you know his reputation, his convictions, his perjury before a while under oath. Your last witness has to be a corroboration witness. It has to be a witness that comes in and says, hey, despite, you know, his prior track record, this is the truth and without that, you really have a case that I would never bring as a prosecutor. I'll never walked into that courthouse and expect a jury to buy what the witness has to -- has to tell them.BAIER: You know, this is what Democratic Representative Dan Goldman from New York, he deposed and got Cohen ready for his previous testimony in the A.G. trial, what he said today about what he thought Cohen brought in that direct, take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DAN GOLDMAN (D-NY): I have deposed Michael Cohen, I have met with him a number of times to prepare him. This was different testimony than what his demeanor was during the A.G.'s case. This is different than he has been in the past.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Basically, those folks in the analysis, and the analysts are saying that they pre-corroborated what Cohen was saying, even though he has, you know, major problems obviously on and can be challenged. We've seen some of the cross examination, has that been effective?TOLMAN: You know, I think they're just getting started. And cross examination really has to be methodical. Keep in mind, Bret, you had a witness, a really compromised witness on for two days.Typically, you would not do that, as a prosecutor, you would want to show the jury that you have -- you have very quick points to hit and evidence come in, and get him on and off the stand because you're limiting cross examination when you do that. They're limited to the scope of the direct.But now this direct has been so broad, that they will be up there cross examining for quite some time because they can now go into virtually everything outside of what I think the prosecution probably intended.BAIER: This is from the court transcript from Michael Cohen. Blanche asking, I'm just asking you to say yes or no. Do you want President Trump to get convicted in this case? Cohen says sure. He goes on to get questioned about TikTok and social media where he says he wants him in a cage. That tracks with Stormy Daniels saying, you know, he wanted him -- she wanted him behind bars and that she hated him. Does that play with the jury?TOLMAN: Well, it does. And, you know, keep in mind, other witnesses came in and all said something fairly positive. You know, while they were testifying against President Trump, they did say positive things. Many had negative things to say about Mr. Cohen.So, now you have him in front of the jury. And when he indicates, you know, that he wants him in jail, and then you have the track record, and then you have the convictions and the incentives and the monetizing that has gone on with Mr. Cohen. You know, what jury doesn't look at that and say, you know, that's reasonable doubt, I would expect that there are at least a number of jurors that are not impressed by what the prosecution has presented so far.BAIER: We'll see. And I mean, it could be a hung jury where they don't decide.Last thing very quickly, we hear the former president talking about this gag order and how he feels it's constitutionally a big problem for him that they might win on appeal. If he did lose, about this gag order, not being able to push back on some of the testimony. What's your thought?TOLMAN: Well, the gag order is a tool that's typically used only to preserve the fairness of the trial for the defendant. I've never seen it, Bret, used just against the defendant. I've seen it applied to everyone.So, that, you know, in that particular case, there may be reasons or justifications and typically it's for safety or otherwise, but here just applied to one side and the other doesn't have the gag order. That's where you're running afoul of the First Amendment. The president should be able to talk about the case against him. The witnesses, the evidence and his thoughts about it, especially since he's on the campaign trail.BAIER: Brett Tolman, we appreciate the time. Thank you.TOLMAN: Thank you.BAIER: Well, we're nearing the start date for another historic trial, the first criminal proceeding against the son of a sitting president. This morning, a federal judge heard arguments during a pretrial hearing on gun charges against Hunter Biden.Correspondent David Spunt reports tonight from Wilmington, Delaware about that. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. Hunter Biden will hit to trial the week of June 3rd here in his hometown of Wilmington, Delaware.Today, in a tense court hearing behind me that lasted about two hours. Federal Judge Maryellen Noreika ignored and basically denied the attempts by Hunter Biden's team to try to postpone this even more.She said, this is not a complicated case. Hunter was not in court today. But his attorney Abbe Lowell first requested to begin the trial in September, then suggested July.Ultimately, Judge Noreika was not having his arguments about not being ready telling him, "I'm not taking anything away, Mr. Lowell. You haven't done what you need to do."The president's son is facing three charges of lying on a federal firearm form in 2018 when he said he was not addicted to drugs, he owned a gun for 11 days. Beau Biden's widow Hallie Biden reportedly throughout the gun in a trashcan behind a local supermarket in 2018.Special Counsel David Weiss brought three charges against Hunter Biden. He pleaded not guilty to all three. Abbe Lowell also told the judge in another tax case involving Hunter in California. That's taking his time, meaning two cases in about a month. He wants to delay there.The trial is scheduled to begin June 20th, but could be pushed back as we await an appeals court ruling.As of today, Bret, Hunter Biden could see two verdicts under his belt before his dad takes the stage at the Democratic National Convention in August, Bret.BAIER: David Spunt in Wilmington, Delaware. David, thanks.Meantime, President Biden is taking a new hard line on imported Chinese electric powered cars and other Chinese items. These are stiff new tariffs. The president is hoping to shift the campaign car conversation perhaps away from the border and Israel where those polls are upside down. And the stubbornly high inflation numbers that we're seeing across the board.White House Correspondent Peter Doocy joins us tonight with that live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Officials here are getting nowhere talking about the Middle East.So, today, a pivot to China as President Biden looks abroad, trying to blame the Chinese for an American E.V. market that is not thriving as advertised.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: A 100 percent tariff on electric vehicles made in China.DOOCY (voice over): Plus, 50 percent tariffs on Chinese semiconductors and 25 percent on Chinese aluminum.BIDEN: The future of electric vehicles will be made in America by union workers, period.DOOCY (voice over): It didn't take long for this President to respond to the former president.TRUMP: China is eating our lunch right now.BIDEN: He's been feeding them a long time.DOOCY (voice over): But Trump imposed tariffs on China long before Biden and at the time in 2019, Biden promised to reverse them on Twitter writing, any freshman econ student could tell you that the American people are paying his tariffs and on the trail with this:BIDEN: American farmers, manufacturers and consumers losing and paying more.DOOCY (voice over): Administration officials claim this is not a flip flop.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm going to reject the assertion that he changed his mind.DOOCY (voice over): The Chinese are upset.WANG WENBIN, CHINESE FOREIGN MINISTRY (through translator): China always opposes unilateral tariff increases that violate WTO rules. DOOCY (voice over): Colorado's governor, Democrat Jared Polis calls these tariffs, horrible news, writing, tariffs are a direct regressive tax on Americans. And this tax increase will hit every family.And officials admit today's announcement isn't just a policy decision, but a political one that follows a string of dismal election polling.DOOCY: I get that you understand that people are hurting right now. Why is it that nothing you're doing to address their concerns is working?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: What I'm saying is we're going to continue to do the work 301 tariffs, that's part of it, right? Making sure that we're protecting American workers.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): Officials here don't seem to be planning any kind of major course corrections to change public opinion, saying they basically hold the voters give them credit later on this year for things they did years ago during the pandemic and during Putin's invasion of Ukraine, Bret.BAIER: Hey, Peter, we heard that official saying, I'm going to reject the assertion that he changed his mind. But going back to 2019, he went on to tweet, it's easy to act tough when someone else is feeling the pain, I will reverse his senseless policies about Trump's Chinese tariffs.DOOCY: Well, yes, we were there standing outside the speech in New York City when he went through and laid out how his trade policy and how his foreign policy would be so different, but the reality is that China was and is flooding the U.S. market with this cheap steel and cheap aluminum.And before they can flood the U.S. market with cheap electric cars that would really, really hurt union shops like Ford and G.M. that President Biden has leaned on to increase E.V. production over the next 10 years. He had to do something that they thought and this is what they got. But yes, it is -- it is very, very similar to what Trump did.BAIER: All right. Peter Doocy live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.Up next, some congressional lawmakers want to force President Biden to send those weapons to Israel.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: New York Democratic mayor, Eric Adams says the ongoing migrant crisis could help solve a lifeguard shortage for his city, but "bureaucracy" is in the way. Mayor Adams was asked today how the city was addressing the shortage at pools ahead of Memorial Day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS (D), MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: How do we have a large body of people that are in our city and country that are excellent swimmers, and at the same time, we need lifeguards. And the only obstacle is that we won't give them the right rope to become a lifeguard.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Mayor Adams went on to give examples of other industries in need of workers, where he believes immigration processing should be expedited. Meantime, a debate between New York Democratic Congressman Jamaal Bowman and his primary challenger George Latimer turned emotional last night.Latimer contends Bowman is an ineffective congressman, he chided Bowman for what he called preaching and screaming at people.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE LATIMER (D), CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE, NEW YORK: Do you see why he's an ineffective congressman?REP. JAMAAL BOWMAN (D-NY): Why? (INAUDIBLE) my voice?LATIMER: He argues --(CROSSTALK)BOWMAN: The people here understand passion.LATIMER: He is ineffective as a congressman, with this very reason that you've just said.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I've got to rein this in, gentlemen. We've got a lot of disappointed viewers if I don't rein this in. We'll take a question now and let's not --(CROSSTALK)BOWMAN: The angry black man -- the angry black man.(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But stay on topic, please.BOWMAN: It's the Southern strategy in the North.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Let's stay on --(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Bowman gained national attention for his censure over pulling a fire alarm ahead of a vote at the U.S. Capitol.At the U.S. Capitol, House lawmakers are debating a bill that would prohibit President Biden from pausing weapons transfers to Israel. We've been covering that all week.Democrats are actively opposing that move right now. Congressional correspondent Aishah Hasnie explains what's at stake up on the hill.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You guys are pushing to restore the aide to Israel.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): In an exclusive sit down with Fox's Brian Kilmeade. House Speaker Mike Johnson says he's stunned that House Democratic leadership is whipping against a GOP bill to stop President Biden from blocking or conditioning weapons for Israel.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): It surprises me. And our plan is to be very aggressive to ensure that the actual will of Congress is maintained.HASNIE (voice over): A whip note obtained by Fox says the bill is, "another partisan stunt by extreme MAGA Republicans." The bill's co-author disagrees.REP. MARIO DIAZ-BALART (R-FL): The one who's changed his mind once again, the one who is incompetent and inept and confused, is the president of the United States.HASNIE (voice over): The president is facing a mutiny over his Israel policy. Last week, Senate Foreign Relations chairman Ben Cardin became the highest-ranking Democrat to break with the president's decision to pause aid.And now, 26 House Democrats are demanding a classified briefing about the policy change.An official rebuke on the House floor is something the White House wants to avoid.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We strongly, strongly oppose attempts to constrain the president's ability to deploy U.S. security assistance.HASNIE (voice over): Johnson says he is simply holding this administration accountable.JOHNSON: The irony is what Joe Biden is doing for political purposes to try to appease the pro-Hamas, you know, people in his party, I guess, are pro- Palestinian. He is doing real harm to the cause and the protection of innocent life.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And Bret, there is a Democratic Whip meeting happening right now. They have got just about a day to get everybody to fall in line because we are told by the majority leader's office that this vote is coming. And it's coming soon as early as this Thursday. Bret.BAIER: Aishah Hasnie, live on the Hill. Aishah, thanks.Brian Kilmeade, by the way, we'll have his entire interview with Speaker Johnson on "FOX AND FRIENDS", tomorrow, starting at 6:00 a.m.Up next, big primaries to fill open U.S. Senate seats in Maryland and West Virginia. We'll bring you there. Then, we'll talk to a pair of experts both sides of the aisle about the presidential campaign, where we are right now, 5-1/2 months out.First, here is what some of our fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.FOX13 in Tampa, as eight people are killed and 40 others hospitalized in a crash involving a bus carrying farmworkers in Marion County. The Florida Highway Patrol says a school bus carrying about 53 workers to a local farm collided with a truck just after 6:30 this morning.The driver of that truck has been arrested and charged with driving under the influence, manslaughter.And this is a live look at Lake Tahoe from FOX11 in Reno. Great look there. One of the big stories there tonight. Lake Tahoe is expected to reach full capacity for the first time since 2019. Thanks to two consecutive wet years. The Agriculture Department says as of May 1st, the lake was at 88 percent of its total capacity. That's more than double the usual amount of water for this time of the year.That's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. Good luck too. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Well, there are two big primary elections tonight in states where veteran Democratic senators are retiring. Maryland voters seek nominees to replace Ben Cardin. And in West Virginia, the search is on for a successor to Joe Manchin.Correspondent Mark Meredith is in Annapolis, Maryland tonight.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: In Maryland in West Virginia, Republicans aim to flip Senate seats Democrats control. Former Maryland Governor Larry Hogan sees today's Senate primary as a warm-up. Hogan, an anti-Trump Republican elected twice in a solid blue state faces a tougher challenge this fall when he is expected to share a ballot with the former president.LARRY HOGAN, (R) MARYLAND SENATE CANDIDATE: I don't think it's going to have much to do with Donald Trump. He's not competing in Maryland. I don't think either presidential candidate will be here.MEREDITH: Democrats vow to keep Maryland's open Senate seat in their control.REP. DAVID TRONE, (D-MD) MARYLAND SENATE CANDIDATE: We have to have change.MEREDITH: Democratic Congressman David Throne has spent more than $60 million of his own money on today's primary.TRONE: It's really important to have your message so voters know what it is. It's really important also, the key is not taking special interest money, not taking the PAC money.MEREDITH: Trone's chief rival, Prince George's County Executive Angela Alsobrooks claims Trone's heavy spending won't sit well with voters.ANGELA ALSOBROOKS, (D) MARYLAND SENATE CANDIDATE: This is absolutely David versus Goliath. The great thing about it is that after all of that money has been spent, we now have a lead in the race.MEREDITH: In West Virginia, Senator Joe Manchin's retirement has Republicans confident they can flip his seat in a now dependable red state. Tonight, two frontrunners, Governor Jim Justice.GOV. JIM JUSTICE, (R-WV) WEST VIRGINIA STATE CANDIDATE: I feel great and everything. And I trust the voters with all my soul.MEREDITH: And Congressman Alex Mooney see the GOP primary as the final stop before Washington.REP. ALEX MOONEY, (R-WV) WEST VIRGINIA SENATE CANDIDATE: This Republican primary coming up on Tuesday is really the election.(END VIDEO TAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): But a Republican Senate majority is still far from certain. Bret, there is new polling out this week in four different battleground states which shows Senate Democratic candidates are leading their Republican rivals, and in some cases they're also outperforming President Biden in those polls. Bret?BAIER: Mark Meredith live in Annapolis. We'll have all those results tonight here on FOX.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, FORMER BILL CLINTON CAMPAIGN MANAGER: These polls are stuck in the ditch and have been that way for a while. The president is doing terrible with voters under 30, and with black voters, which are pretty key to this whole equation here.Right now, it's not looking that promising. He's drawing these huge crowds, and it's quite concerning out there.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Democratic strategist James Carville, and as you are looking at the New Jersey crowds there from the rally in New Jersey for former President Trump this past weekend.Meantime, the headlines across the country, "Trump leads Biden in five key swing states as voters worry about economy, Israel-Hamas war," "Polling sets off fresh alarm bells for Biden." "How in the world is Trump's trial not hurting him?" From the opinion page of "The Washington Post". "Stuck in a ditch," quoting James Carville.Let's get some analysis on the presidential race and recent polling from Republican media consultant Alex Castellanos and Democratic strategist and pollster Doug Schoen. Doug, we have heard this. We are five-and-a-half out, alarm bells going off. Where do you see it right now, today?DOUG SCHOEN, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: I see Trump having a small but clear lead. The Siena poll, I think of the six swing states showing five in Trump's column, reflects what I'm seeing in our polling. And what Carville was talking about minorities, young people, even women, and particularly Hispanics are moving in the direction of the former president, all of which, to me, are real warning signs for President Biden.BAIER: We don't like to obsess on one poll, but this poll really was an eye-popper, Alex. And you look at the young people, for example, on that "New York Times"-Siena College poll, 18 to 29, Trump with 30 percent over 26 percent. That's with RFK Jr. in the mix at 18 percent. If we can put that poll up. Then we have got, if the election were held today, the breakdown by race as well. There is alarming things in here if you are a democrat.ALEX CASTELLANOS, REPUBLICAN MEDIA CONSULTANT: Yes. Something is changing out there. And Biden's record is catching up to him. Remember, he used to be uncle Joe, the nice, safe alternative to a tumultuous, reckless, risky Donald Trump. Hey, the economy was good. Things were better under Trump, but he is risky and reckless. Biden was the safe place for a lot of swing voters to go.Now, not so much. Now, all of a sudden, the old Biden is becoming a risky and dangerous president himself. Inflation, it hadn't been around for 40 years. Now it's come home to our dinner table. Antisemitism, well, he is against that, but he wants votes from antisemitists (ph), and that's now important to our college campuses. Biden's weakness in these areas and his indecision, he is being for what he's against, is bringing a lot of problems home to voters. And so his ceiling is dropping. His support is weakening. And that's going to make this a race.BAIER: So Doug, if you are running the Biden campaign, are you looking for an interest rate and a cease-fire, or what are you doing at this point?SCHOEN: Well, if I was running, I would like for a completely different approach. I would be talking about inflation. I would close the southern border, and I would support Israel and say that we support our friends, and we understand the pain people is feeling.BAIER: But that's not the candidate you have to work with right now.CASTELLANOS: It's not the candidate, but it's also not the campaign, because what I'm picking up from my Democratic friends and sources is that the closeknit group around President Biden has locked down and basically takes the attitude that with the national polls at plus two for Trump, it's not that bad. I think that's a big mistake.BAIER: But what about likely voters? Some of these polls it does show Biden with a slight unlikely voters uptick on the former president.CASTELLANOS: Something has changed. Republicans have actually, and Trump have added some votes. They have added some Hispanic votes. They have added some younger voters. And they are less likely to vote. So, it's actually a good sign, a sign of growth.But remember Bill Clinton, a fellow who got reelected? The era of big government is over. Go, baby. Well, Biden should do something like that. He has got to admit he has done a lot of stuff that hasn't worked, he's gotten wrong. But what you said, Bret, I think is exactly right. He's not that guy. He thinks he's doing a great job. He thinks his weakness and indecision is actually moderation and centrism, and it's killing him.BAIER: How about the Chinese tariffs thing today, Doug. I mean, 2019, then candidate Biden said President Trump was exactly wrong on Chinese tariffs and it was hurting the country. And suddenly now, it's not, and is he doing that right now.SCHOEN: I think what Biden is doing is flailing around for an issue that can get him right with the populist surge in America. By picking China as an issue, he really doesn't change the narrative because the problems Alex was talking about are the ones the American people are focusing on. He looks like a flip-flopper. And what is weakness to the American people ultimately redounds to his detriment in the polls.BAIER: OK, what's a positive for Biden? Is there a positive right now?CASTELLANOS: There are a couple of positives, but they're limited. The number three issue in "The New York Times" survey is still abortion. And that's a problem for Republicans. One instance -- one dot is happenstance. Two is a trend. And right now, Republicans have Dobbs. They have IVF. Some Republicans have tried to do something with -- and they want to nationalize, they want a federal law against this. So, that's still a problem.SCHOEN: But you haven't heard the Democrats talk about abortion.CASTELLANOS: Well, it's big among women, but it's also the only thing Biden has got. It's not a replacement for a vision, where I would lead the country. And that's a real problem for him. And Chinese tariffs, patchwork. You know, one hour later after a Chinese tariff, you want another one.SCHOEN: Alex said something that's very important, Bret. There is no Democratic narrative now. When I worked for Bill Clinton and did the era of big government is over, we did a clear theory of the case. We were running to the center. We were trying to get moderate and conservative votes. This is a president who has been hijacked by the left.BAIER: But isn't this part of that triangulation, like a Bill Clinton move, trying to take Newt Gingrich's stuff and say --SCHOEN: We successfully triangulated. And I don't think you can appease Hamas, the far left progressives who are anti-capitalist, anti-freedom, and anti, frankly, the values we care about.BAIER: So, when we get to the convention you've got Steven Spielberg, who apparently is producing the Democratic Convention in Chicago. Can he produce President Biden?CASTELLANOS: Well, he needs an actor to work with, and all he has got is Joe. So they say that the worst thing that can happen to a bad product is good advertising. I hope -- he better hope Steven Spielberg doesn't give him good advertising.BAIER: It's always great talking to you guys. We will have them back.CASTELLANOS: Look forward to it.BAIER: Thanks a lot.Up next, Secretary of State Antony Blinken arrives in Ukraine, the first visit there after Congress approved new aid.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Take a look at Wall Street now. Stocks were up ahead of a consumer inflation report, the Dow jumping 127, the S&P 500 gained 25, the Nasdaq rose 123 to a new record close.The president's top diplomat is in Ukraine's capital tonight. It is Secretary of State's Antony Blinken first trip to Kyiv since Congress passed a huge military aid package last month. The visit comes at a key point in Ukraine's war with Russia. Senior foreign affairs correspondent Greg Palkot reports tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT: It's being called one of the most dangerous times for Ukraine since the start of its war with Russia. Moscow's military smashing into the country's northeast, taking 50 square miles of land, several towns, closing in on the country's second biggest country of Kharkiv, as hard hit Ukrainian forces short on guns and ammo fight back with everything they can muster, and thousands flee for their lives.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (through translator): Bombs are flying. Rockets and bombs hit five or six houses.PALKOT: Into this crisis came Secretary of State Blinken, the first visit of a top U.S. official since the long delayed $61 billion military aid package was okayed by Congress and President Biden last month. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy showed gratitude.VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT: We thank you that you came, especially in these days to support Ukraine. Thank you for this signal.PALKOT: Blinken trying to reassure.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: The assistance is now on the way, and that's going to make a real difference against the ongoing Russian aggression on the battlefield.PALKOT: In fact, some U.S. weaponry already said to be there, critically needed air defense missiles, artillery shells. Russian President Vladimir Putin just entering third his third term office, showing off his bristling arsenal, is looking to take advantage of this missile gap.FREDERICK KAGAN, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: I do think Putin is feeling much more confident about his ability to prevail in this conflict, about his ability ultimately to break our will.PALKOT: As Putin gets his house in order, axing his longtime defense minister, arresting other officials for corruption, heading off to Beijing to meet with ally Chinese President Xi Jinping.(MUSIC)PALKOT: And Secretary Blinken, he rounded out his day in Kyiv heading to a music venue where he played, appropriately or not, Neil Young's classic "Rockin' in the Free World."(END VIDEO TAPE)PALKOT (on camera): Former Ukrainian president Viktor Yushchenko was a little tougher on the U.S. than Zelenskyy, calling the delayed American military aid a, quote, "colossal waste of time" which allowed Putin to inflict more suffering in the war. We'll see. Bret?BAIER: Greg, thank you.Up next, the panel on the Michael Cohen testimony at the Trump trial in New York, and the vice presidential possibilities who are showing up at the former president's trial.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. An Australian judge sentences a former Aussie army lawyer to almost six years in prison for leaking to the media classified information exposing allegations of Australian war crimes in Afghanistan. David McBride had pleaded guilty to the three charges including theft and sharing with members of the press documents classified as secret.Georgian lawmakers approve a bill requiring media, nongovernmental organizations, and other nonprofit groups to register as pursuing the interest of a foreign power if they receive more than 20 percent of their funding from abroad. The measure has sparked weeks of mass protests with critics seeing it as a Russian-style threat to free speech and the country's aspirations to join the European Union.And Europe's oldest monarch, King Harald of Norway, welcomes Denmark's King Frederik and his Australian born wife, Queen Mary on second official visit abroad. The 87-year-old Harald returned to work last month following two surgeries to implant pacemakers.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I paid a lawyer a certain amount of money. We marked it down as legal expenses. This is their whole case. Are you allowed to call a legal expense a legal expense? I don't know what else you'd call it, actually.LANNY DAVIS, FORMER MICHAEL COHEN ATTORNEY: Mr. Trump, I welcome you are doing what Michael Cohen is willing to do, stand up and tell the truth.SEN. ROGER MARSHALL, (R-KS): This guy is a known felon. He has been convicted. He has lied to Congress. And this is the star witness.ADAM POLLOCK, FORMER NEW YORK ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL: This is the first witness who said Trump knew what these payments were for. Very crucial testimony in a case against Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: A key witness on the stand, Michael Cohen, self-described fixer for then Mr. Trump at the time. "The Washington Post" writes in this way, "Trump attorneys sharply question Michael Cohen in hush money trial. Cohen was questioned by prosecutors all day Monday and into Tuesday about his time working for Trump. He described repeatedly lying and even going to prison to protect his former boss. Defense attorneys got off to a combative start, questioning Cohen about his often profane social media commentary about Trump and the case."We're going to start there with our panel, Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," Julia Manchester, national politics reporter for "The Hill," and "Washington Post" columnist Marc Thiessen. OK, Mollie, what's your take on prosecutors, defense starting where we are?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, this is a show trial, and it is -- we finally reached the end of the prosecution. But what I thought was really interesting that you saw today were all of these other Republicans starting to show up outside of the courthouse to really make their voices heard about the Democrat lawfare against the most prominent Republican out there. You even herd Karine Jean-Pierre today say that she couldn't talk about the case because it related to the 2024 election. And I think that was actually a rare moment of honesty. We have seen Democrats using lawfare to go after political opponents. And it is something that has not seemed to be helping in their poll numbers. But really any Republican, and even like any American who cares about rule of law is going to be speaking loudly against using courts to go after political opponents.BAIER: There's all kinds of things that have come up, Julia, in this trial, but the main thing is the records. That's where the whole thing is about, the 34 counts and the actual records and how they were listed. You heard there that there are some analysts saying that Cohen made that linkage and that was a positive for the prosecution. There's others saying it's just not there.JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICS REPORTER, "THE HILL": Yes, it could be a positive, but at the end of the day, Michael Cohen is viewed by, quite frank, a lot of the public as someone who is unreliable, and someone who is really cashing in on his ties to Trump, or I guess he should say his former ties to Trump.I thought it was interesting that the defense opened up their cross- examination of Michael Cohen, bringing up the fact that Michael Cohen attacked Trump's defense attorney on TikTok. So, they're really trying to make that linkage there.And in terms of the jury, it's obviously going to be up to them, but the jury, if they're paying attention to Michael Cohen in the news, on social media, et cetera, it's hard for me to see how Michael Cohen's reputation really gets any better from here.BAIER: So it's interesting, Marc, Speaker Mike Johnson appeared in court today. But you also noticed that there are potential V.P. contenders that are popping up in that courtroom. Take a listen to a couple of them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think one thing that we've all known is this was a sham trial. The star witness is a serial perjurer.REP. BYRON DONALDS, (R-FL): This trial is a joke. This thing is a farce. Where's the crime? There is no crime.VIVEK RAMASWAMY, (R) FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: If this were happening in another country, we would be laughing at them as a sham democracy. I'm ashamed as an American citizen.REP. CORY MILLS, (R-FL): I will tell you right now, the same way that I stand here steadfast behind our president, I know that America stands with him as well.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: I don't know if they got the memo on the uniform.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: But it is something to watch. The buzz is that Governor Burgum has some more steam in that vice presidential race. What do you think?MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: First of all, the saying goes that the most dangerous place in Washington is between a politician and a camera. The most dangerous place in New York is between a V.P. aspirant and that top left corner above Trump's shoulder during the press conference. Yes, everybody --BAIER: Is it a prerequisite, do you think?THIESSEN: I think so, very much so. And I think, look, everybody used to make the pilgrimage to Mar-a-Lago. Now they're making the pilgrimage to lower Manhattan. And that's smart. The reality is he has got to make a choice about a vice president soon. And it's got to be somebody who projects stability. Right now, Trump ran as disrupter in 2016 and that's how he won. That's the wrong message. People don't want disruption right now. Chaos. Chaos on our campuses, chaos in the world, chaos on the border. He needs to be the candidate of stability. So he needs to pick somebody who is going to unite the party, bring the Republican Party together, and also peel the swing voters and project stability. And we'll see if those people are showing up in lower Manhattan.BAIER: Mollie, do you buy that?HEMINGWAY: I just want to say, you can't really be a potential V.P. contender if you don't take a strong position against this lawfare. But I'm not sure if you can have a future in the Republican Party period if you're not speaking out against this. And again, it really shouldn't just be a partisan issue. Attacks on the courts, using the courts to go after political opponents, that destroys rule of law for everybody. And so it would be probably good if you saw some sober-minded individuals across the political spectrum speaking out against this.BAIER: Yes. We just don't talk politics here. We talk about policy. Quickly, Marc, about this China tariffs thing. I talked about that with Doug and Alex. It is quite a turnaround if you think about it.THIESSEN: It is. And it seems the entire Biden foreign policy goes through Dearborn, Michigan. They are stopping shipments of weapons to Israel in order to appeal to Arab American voters in Dearborn. And now they are assuming Trump's tariff policies in order to appeal to UAW workers in Michigan, in Dearborn, Michigan. So it's all about Dearborn.BAIER: Do you think it is that political, all these calculations, Julia?MANCHESTER: Absolutely, absolutely. Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, I mean, this is really appealing to that blue wall, those voters that went for Trump in 2016, Biden won back. Now according to that "New York Times"- Siena College poll, it's not going so well for Biden. So this is hopefully for them will turn it around.BAIER: One poll, but I'm telling you, it does match the tracking in that Real Clear Politics average. Thanks, guys.Finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It straightened out a little bit more. Let's see, into the corner. What have we got? He got both. He got them both.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Seriously, can you believe this? One lucky Seattle Mariners fan had a once in a lifetime experience Monday night. He's watching the Mariners take on the Kansas City Royals. Spectator makes a great catch on a foul ball off the bat of a Royals player. Very next pitch, another foul ball hit in his direction, and he got that one, too. According to the MLB stat cast, the probability of the same fan getting two foul balls on two consecutive pitches in one in 10,000. I think those are low. I think it's like one in a million. But that's what they say. They know the stats.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, new FOX polling, our stats on the election in the Middle East.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thank you for inviting us into your home tonight and every night, here in Washington tonight. But that's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts right after this pretty shot.