CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Fire up the grill, the travel and the 2024 campaign.Welcome, everyone. I'm Charles Payne, in for Neil Cavuto, and this is a special Memorial Day edition of "Your World."The pace of inflation may be slowing down, but prices are still up at the store and are starting to take a bite out of your summer vacation plans, all this happening as voters get ready to elect our next president. We will get to the travel and the campaign in a bit, but first the food.And one of our favorite grocers is here to talk about what is expected to be an exciting summer of food, Stew Leonard Jr., CEO of Stew Leonard.You know, this is becoming an annual ritual with us, where you give us these mouthwatering...(LAUGHTER)STEW LEONARD JR., PRESIDENT AND CEO, STEW LEONARD'S: I know.PAYNE: I can't wait, Stew.LEONARD: Yes. Yes.Well, you know what? This weekend, what we saw was the grill. The grill lights up and people are buying propane, same price as last year. You're looking at hamburger meat right there, fresh ground, same price as last year. So a cheeseburger this year was the same as last year.We heard less grumbling from customers, Charles, in the store about prices right now. I think they're easing, but they're still up considerably over the last two, three years right now.PAYNE: You know, Stew, to that point we look at these monthly data reports, and it's pretty clear, food at home, to your point, the prices have slowed dramatically versus food at restaurants, which at one point people were like, why cook, I mean, because food prices have gone up so much.So a cheeseburger is up 200 percent of McDonald's since 2019.LEONARD: Yes.PAYNE: I'd rather have your ground beef and make my own burger.LEONARD: Yes, well, that's what you're seeing customers are doing. And this labor -- this Memorial Day, that's what we saw happening at the store.People just decide, I will do my own burger, rather than go out to a restaurant and pay. Some of them are $15, $20 for a cheeseburger. You can do it for a third of the price at home.PAYNE: Let's talk about some of the stuff that you have there, though, some of the unique Stew Leonard things, right, that always draw me in, particularly around a holiday time.I understand you have got a gargantuan live lobster.LEONARD: Yes, yes.Well, you know what? You know what I do, Charles? With the kids, I have a lobster show.(LAUGHTER)LEONARD: So I bring them in. I show them Charlie the lobster right here, OK? And then I say he's a nice friend of mine. I put him up on my shoulder like this. And I just pet him with the kids like this, you know?And I get the kids to touch a lobster. They go home and tell their parents about it and their grandparents and they just love it. So this is my little friend Charlie the lobster right here.And then I know what your favorite thing is, one of these guys right here, these big tomahawk steaks.(LAUGHTER)LEONARD: These were just great. And you know what? We had Guy Fieri from The Food Channel come over.PAYNE: Yes.LEONARD: And he was daintily eating a little piece of steak. And you know what I just said? I just I'm going real time here. And I just took a bite right out of the nice tomahawk.He loved it, though. They're really tender, delicious, and it's sort of a showpiece that you can have on your plate and everybody loved them over Memorial Day.PAYNE: Right.Hey, Stew, I have been reading, though, like private label in the supermarket industry is growing even larger. The prices are a substantial discount versus some of the more well-known brand names. Are you seeing that trending in your stores?LEONARD: Absolutely.There's a big trend toward the app. We do a lot of specials. We're seeing a trend toward that, and also private label. People are switching off of the big brands right there. And they're going to private label. You can save 20, 25 percent.And a lot of times, it's the same manufacturer as you notice with the big brands. So go for the private label.PAYNE: Hey, Stewart, before I let you go, I also understand you just opened another location in New Jersey, another 500 jobs for the great state of New Jersey.LEONARD: Yes. We're excited about that. We just opened in Clifton, New Jersey, and I'm going to be that going down there again tomorrow.But we had a great Memorial Day weekend down there. We love the people of New Jersey. And, plus, it's the Garden State. So we're able to get a lot of really good fresh produce and food down in New Jersey. So it's very cool.Charles, one of the things that we're doing, though, is, we do things like we make our own fresh guacamole every day. Cutting up these big steaks right here requires butchers. And our labor rate was 17 bucks a couple years ago. It's $22 now average.PAYNE: Wow.LEONARD: I can't reel these costs back. Retailers, I would say, for the most part, all of the friends that I talked to, they're not gouging the customer at all.PAYNE: Yes.LEONARD: We are getting increased costs and packaging from suppliers from the Ukraine problem. That came up. It was a breadbasket of the world, increased a lot of feed prices.A lot of these things are just built in. And we're basically just passing along our cost increases, with nothing extra added on top. So, you know, I...PAYNE: Yes.No, it's tough. It's tough for everyone, Stew.(CROSSTALK)PAYNE: But your shopping experience is so unique. It's one of a kind. And all I can say is that -- to our friends over at the new location, welcome aboard, because it's a great place to shop, particularly this time of year.We will see you soon, Stew.(LAUGHTER)LEONARD: Hey, Charles, I got to get you -- when you come in the store, I got these waiting for you, OK?PAYNE: You got it. You got it. All right.Of course -- see you later, man.LEONARD: All right, thank you, Charles. Have a good day.PAYNE: So, the buck doesn't stop here. The pace of inflation, again, might be cooling, but it isn't stopping the White House from blaming companies for those price hikes.So how will this play out for consumers and voters as we head toward election?Well, let's get to read from Democratic strategist Nicole Brener-Schmitz, along with Inez Stepman from the Independent Women's Forum.And, Inez, I want to start with you, because we just heard from Stew Leonard his costs are up, right? He's got to pay for diesel. He's got to pay for plastic. He's got to pay for labor. So it feels like consumers aren't upset, as upset as -- with the businesses as the White House would like them to be.INEZ STEPMAN, INDEPENDENT WOMEN'S FORUM: Yes. I mean, my local neighborhood grocer has the same thing.They actually went through the process of posting how much the raw materials or the raw food that they're ordering into the store is costing them, the price increases over the last year, I think, because customers were complaining about the prices.The reality is, the Biden administration first tried the gaslighting tactic. This isn't happening, right? Trying to tell Americans that their wallets aren't tighter, that the economy is actually great. And when that didn't work in poll after poll after poll, now they're turning and blaming the businesses saying this is corporate greed, this is gouging.The reality is that the San Francisco Fed did -- just a couple weeks ago came out with a study that showed that, overall, for the last three years, markups have stayed flat.PAYNE: Right.STEPMAN: Right? So there's a few sectors where that is happening, markups are going up, but overall in the economy, that's staying flat. So I don't think this gambit to blame small businesses for the costs that they are incurring at the production level and at the shipping level is going to work either for the Biden administration.PAYNE: Yes, I read that survey. Anyone should go to the San Francisco Fed. They have got amazing research.Meanwhile, Nicole, a lot of things have been tried starting with, first and foremost, hey, what inflation? Secondly, it's temporary. Thirdly, well, it's someone else's fault.And now they kind of circle back with their friends in the media saying, Americans have it so great, they just haven't been able to connect the dots.NICOLE BRENER-SCHMITZ, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Yes, I mean, look, you can't tell people how they feel. And you can't tell people a whole slew of facts and figures and numbers. They know what they're doing. They're going to the store. They're realizing that it's costing more than it did before.But there is a difference between a small local grocer, who is feeling those costs, and a big monopoly or the merging that's happening with the Kroger and Albertsons, where we are seeing a corporate profit line that is hitting record numbers. The food profits have been.What the Biden administration is trying to make the point of is that there are exceedingly record numbers of profits for a lot of these companies, and that doesn't need to happen at the expense of the consumer.I would actually say, though, that the Democrats, the angriest that they are is that the Biden administration isn't leaning into this more. Democrats really think the Biden administration isn't connecting the dots and putting the full pressure behind this.So it's an interesting complaint that's happening sort of on the Beltway with the Democrats.PAYNE: You know, the thing, I guess the problem, though, Inez, is, on one hand, how can you brag about America having the greatest economy in the world being powered by American corporations, and, at the second time, on the other hand, say, but they're all villains?STEPMAN: Well, that's a long-term Democratic problem, right?BRENER-SCHMITZ: I don't think anyone is saying that they're villains.Sorry.PAYNE: Inez?STEPMAN: That's a long-term Democratic problem.And I -- frankly, I agree a little bit that there are corporate actors that are bad actors in this that are probably taking advantage of a very volatile pricing environment to try to squeeze out as much profit as possible. I mean, that -- we would expect that that happens.But, overall, that's not what's driving the inflation. And I think if you look at Joe Biden's approval numbers on the economy, which are now -- his approval rating is that 38 percent. Only 38 percent of Americans trust him to do the right thing when it comes to the economy.We all know that a president is not a not a magician and the economy sometimes is impacted by things that are totally outside of a president's control. In this case, gas prices, for example, with Russia invading Ukraine in 2022, that's something that was outside of Joe Biden's control, at least a little bit.PAYNE: Right.STEPMAN: We can get into foreign policy, right? But I don't think that Americans are going to accept this excuse, again, anymore than they're going to accept the gaslighting that the Biden administration was trying before.PAYNE: Right.STEPMAN: I think they do connect the dots that, under Trump, net worth was going up for the first three years 16 percent for the average American family.And under the first three years under Biden, it's 0.07 percent. Everyone's just barely treading water and putting charges on their credit cards.(CROSSTALK)PAYNE: And, Inez, just to pick up on this point about what the president can and cannot control, the $1.9 trillion for me was the trigger.It was money that was not needed in this economy, but it was part of a grand scheme that's been floating around a long time, modern monetary theory that government controls the purse rings. Why not print up a whole bunch of money and send it to people? And, theoretically, it seemed pretty good for a long time, but we have tried it.And the end result was what folks warned us about, this inflation that just simply won't go away.STEPMAN: Is that to me?PAYNE: Inez?STEPMAN: Sorry.Yes, I mean, this is -- obviously has something -- at least a large part of this has to do with the fact that the government has spent all of this money. I mean, Joe Biden just a couple days ago announced another large forgiveness package for student loan debt, for example.These are the kind of giveaways that do pump money into the economy that -- and then do create inflation. And I think people -- again, people know this. They know that they were better off four years ago than they were now.PAYNE: Yes.STEPMAN: And that's just really fundamentally a difficult place, if you're trying to argue as a president that -- in favor of your administration, when people just know in their pocketbooks that they are treading water now and have been for the last three years. At best, they're treading water.PAYNE: Yes.STEPMAN: I think that you're just not going to get very far with that argument. It's common sense.PAYNE: Yes. And that's economics 101.I do want to apologize. Nicole, we couldn't go back because the audio issue was pretty choppy. So we will ask her to come back on the show very soon. Thank you both very much, ladies.Meanwhile, new FOX polling shows that inflation taking a bite out of summer vacation plans. What you can do to help save some cash for your trip. That's coming up.And think quick. What does Donald Trump heading deeper into deep blue territory have to do with Ronald Reagan here and JFK here? We will explain.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What are you trying to do for us, Mr. President?RONALD REAGAN, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm trying to tell you!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What can you? What can you?(CROSSTALK)REAGAN: I am trying to tell you that I know now there is no program or promise that a president can make that the federal government can then come in and wave a wand and do this.(CROSSTALK)REAGAN: Yes. There is legislation in Congress, legislation for cooperation between government, between the private sector.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: That was Ronald Reagan back in 1980 taking a deep dive into deep blue New York, helping him actually flip the script and win that state.JFK had his own reversal, winning deep red West Virginia, appealing to coal miners there. And now it's Donald Trump's turn, campaigning in the Bronx, trying to win over a state that has not voted Republican since, you guessed it, Ronald Reagan back in 1984.And like the Gipper and JFK, could Trump actually flip the script?Well, let's ask political reporter Sarah Bedford.Sarah, in politics, obviously, anything is possible. We have learned that.SARAH BEDFORD, POLITICAL REPORTER: That's right.And we have seen Donald Trump really grow his support with minority voters, with Hispanic voters, with black voters. In 2020, Joe Biden carried black voters by 92 percent. In the latest Pew Research poll, Joe Biden is only carrying them by 77 percent. That's a double-digit loss in just four years.And we're seeing Donald Trump make those gains, I think, because he's not really speaking to racial groups in the sort of divisive way that you see Democrats address it. He's speaking to the working class, and he's treating all Americans, regardless of their backgrounds, according to class, in a way.And so I think that message has really been appealing, that he knows the average American feels like they can't get ahead, that their paycheck isn't covering as much as it used to. And that sort of message is actually a pretty unifying message. And it's one that we're hearing Donald Trump promote more and more, and that's eating into the constituencies that put Joe Biden in the White House.PAYNE: You know, speaking of flipping the script, it really does feel -- and I'm an economics guy.And I'm sincere when I say I don't know that there's ever been a president who's been better for wealthier people than Joe Biden. The $1.9 trillion bill that he pushed through, all that money eventually trickles up to the top 1 percent. They're paying the college loans off for people who graduated.Graduating from an American university is a gift, honestly. I mean, yes, it's expensive, more expensive than in the past, but over your lifetime, you make millions of dollars more than someone who didn't go to college. You live better. Your children live better.It really is amazing to me. And I -- and, to your point, Trump is seizing on that.BEDFORD: Right.A lot of Joe Biden's policies right now are catering to the country's elite, whether that's tax breaks for electric cars, for giving the college debt of people who obtained master's degrees or doctorate degrees or arts degrees. These aren't problems that the working class are really concerned about right now.And to the extent that Joe Biden is talking about the economy, he's just highlighting how good it is. Bidenomics is what everyone should be celebrating right now, according to Joe Biden. And the way that Democrats have framed it is that if you, as an American sitting at home, don't agree that the economy is doing well, then maybe you're just too dumb to understand the economic numbers that show that it is humming along.Donald Trump doesn't speak to Americans like that. And he's not prioritizing elite issues.PAYNE: Sarah, I have got to ask you also.I saw a headline recently with the fund-raising. That seems to have changed. The tide is changing there as well. Trump is coming on strong.BEDFORD: That's right.If fund-raising is a proxy for enthusiasm, as a lot of political analysts often put it, then Donald Trump is leading by that metric. In April, he raised significantly more money than Joe Biden's political machine.Now, unfortunately, because of all of the lawfare that's been directed at Donald Trump, a lot of the impact of that additional fund-raising is blunted by the fact that so much of that money has to go to Donald Trump's legal defenses.But, nonetheless, if you're looking at this as a metric of how excited donors are about each prospective candidate, I do think that it shows the excitement, the enthusiasm, the momentum at this point is behind Donald Trump. And it's one of many reasons why I think the Democrats are starting to get a little bit more nervous about their prospects in November.PAYNE: Yes.Between that and showing up in the South Bronx, they probably are getting pretty nervous.Sarah, thanks a lot. Appreciate it.BEDFORD: Thank you.PAYNE: All right, so far so good this year for the stock market, but how long can you keep riding this wave of green?And how long is too long for a movie? We report, and Hollywood, well, they might just want to hide.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: I'm Gillian Turner from Washington. "Your World" continues in just a moment. First, this is a "Special Report" newsbreak.President Biden honored troops who died in combat during his Memorial Day speech. Biden's remarks and the laying of a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier are annual Memorial Day traditions for the president.And this. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says a tragic mistake was made, this after an Israeli strike in Rafah killed dozens of displaced Palestinians. The U.S. National Security Council reiterated that Israel must take steps now to protect civilians. The Israeli military says it has opened an investigation.And basketball Hall of Famer and basketball broadcasting star Bill Walton has passed away. He had a prolonged fight with cancer. Walton was 71.And the stock market closed today in observance of Memorial Day.I will be back for "Special Report" at 6:00 p.m. Eastern.PAYNE: Well, despite persistent inflation, along with uncertainty over the economy and interest rates, well, the stock market keeps rocking.So what can we expect as we head into the summer?Let's get the read from our money gurus, Eddie Ghabour, Melissa Armo.Melissa, let me start with you.So what camp are you in, summer rally, summer doldrums?MELISSA ARMO, THE STOCK SWOOSH: Well, it's all going to depend on the Fed.If the Fed continues to act like they're going to lower interest rates one or two more times this year, then, of course, the market's going to continue to rally. But Jamie Dimon came out recently and said, whoa, wait a second, they may actually raise rates again. And I think that spooked the market a little bit in the last few days.So we don't know what's going to happen with interest rates. I don't think even the Fed knows what's going to happen with interest rates. Inflation is still too high. And what's really funny is, we get these economic reports out, Charles, and they're not good. Inflation is -- prices are still going up. And everybody's happy because they're not going up as much as they used to.But they're still going up. And, clearly, it is still bothersome to many people, especially people that are living paycheck to paycheck. It's very difficult for people when interest rates are very high and costs of everything is very high.PAYNE: Eddie, let me pick up on that, because, to Melissa's point, you go back to when the Fed minutes came out, the same day Nvidia was going to report their earnings. Everyone was giddy, excited. But the markets closed lower that day.Then they closed lower the next day, despite Nvidia's amazing earnings report, because this dark cloud of inflation is not going away. And you know what? Whether the Fed says they're going to cut or not, the markets are starting to believe there's not going to be any cuts.EDDIE GHABOUR, KEY ADVISORS GROUP, LLC: Yes, look, I don't think you're going to get inflation to come anywhere near 2 percent.No one wants to admit this, but the only way you're going to get inflation anywhere near 2 percent is a recession, because you need demand destruction. And so the Fed's going to have to make a choice between sticking with that 2 percent number and picking that or the economy, because you're not going to accomplish both.I think we're going to have the tale of two stories this year. I think the market is going to rip higher into the summer months, because they're going to believe the narrative, and we will get some soft inflation data.However, I think you're going to see a reacceleration of inflation towards the latter part of this year. And then we will be talking about stagflation for 2025, because these economic numbers are starting to support that as you start to calculate out over the next six to 12 months.PAYNE: All right. So stagflation is, demand goes down, job unemployment goes up and inflation stays persistent.We have got some of that in areas like housing already, Melissa, where, even though housing numbers have been soft, housing prices continue to go up, which even further makes people frustrated.But, still, we have had the -- we could have had this conversation a month ago, two months ago, six months ago, and the market has still gone higher. How do you -- how do you figure that this is a market that can find any narrative, rate cuts, no rate cut, and still find a way to keep moving higher?ARMO: Well, remember, the market doesn't always make sense, Charles, with what's happening. If it's the emotions of the market and the anticipation that things are going to get better in the future, sometimes, the market does move higher.And then, if things don't turn out to be that way, like interest rates dropping, then the market could see a sell-off. But I think any sell-off we see in the market is going to be short-lived, unless we would go into a recession.But, to be honest with you, even if the Fed would drop rates one, two, three more times between now and the end of the year, rates are still so much higher now, so much higher now for people for credit cards, mortgages, like you said, 30-year fix today, I think, is around 7.5 percent. It's just too high.That isn't going to make a real big of a difference for people as far as going out and buying a home or what they pay in credit cards. I will say one thing, though. What could change between now and the next six months or 12 months? This is an election year. Trump could win, Charles.He actually could win. And if Trump wins, I think then that the economy could improve and inflation could go down. And Trump could go back to the tax cuts that he had that helped businesses and helped everyday consumers, and then things could actually get better.PAYNE: Yes.ARMO: And that's really -- actually, I'm optimistic that that could happen.PAYNE: It's interesting. When he was elected, the NFIB immediately roared the same day back when he was elected the first time. That roared. The National Association of Home Builders roared.And, of course, I think, Eddie, there's a point that if the markets know that at least these tax rates will stay in place, that could be something that offers a buffer.But between now and that election time, do you tell people just to hold on, despite the fact that it could get choppier?GHABOUR: I think you need to own things that are tied to inflation. It's kind of our barbell approach that we're using where we own some commodities. We bought more commodities on the dip last week.And then, look, I think you can still own growth names, because, at the end of the day, the 10-year has come down a lot, and that's bullish for equities. The Fed is dovish. Whether we believe them or not doesn't matter. The market believes it. And the money flows are still buying dips.So, the setup here near term is still bullish from an equity perspective, regardless of what's happening economically. So, until those dynamics change, then I think the market is still going to go up. So, we're still tactically bullish. We do own a lot of inflation assets because I think to me that's the easiest play, because I think consensus, whether you're bullish or bearish, is, inflation is going to persist.And so commodity prices should continue to be resilient. So these blow-off tops can go much higher than many people anticipate before you hit headwinds. So don't fear what might happen six months from now. Play the game as it is right now.PAYNE: All right, ride the wave as long as the wave is going in the right direction.Eddie, Melissa, thank you both very much. Appreciate it.GHABOUR: Thank you, Charles.PAYNE: All right, so when it comes to going to the movies, the shorter the film, the better?And is the great pizza debate settled once and for all? We report, you slice.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: Lights, camera and 92 minutes of action, that's what folks say is the ideal length of a movie, this according to the new survey.What do my next guests think?FOX Nation host Abby Hornacek is with us, along with comedian Alli Breen.And, Abby, so the summer movie blockbuster season is right around the corner. What's your ideal running time for a movie?ABBY HORNACEK, "PARK'D" HOST: This is a loaded question, Charles, because people are saying 92 minutes is the way to go.But I have to first ask, are you seeing it in a theater, which is one of my favorite things to do? Because if you go longer than 92 minutes, then someone has to go to the bathroom and then you miss part of the movie. That happened to me recently.So I would say maybe a little less than 92 minutes. But if it's at home and I can pause it, then I think this is great, especially because people are binge-watching shows now. So if the show is around 40 minutes' long, that's like two -- a little over two shows.So I think that's a good amount of time.PAYNE: I like the technicality you put in there, because, when I watch a movie at home, it takes me five days. I don't care how long it is.(LAUGHTER)PAYNE: But, Alli, I just want to share the audience what the classics ran."Gone With the Wind" was three hours and 58 minutes, "Once Upon a Time in America," three hours and 49 minutes, "Ben-Hur," three hours and 32 minutes. "Lawrence of Arabia," three hours and 36 minutes. They used to run long. I guess we're not ready for those anymore.ALLI BREEN, COMEDIAN: Too much. That is way too much.I don't know. Who watches that kind of film? Like, who has that amount of time? We're in the TikTok generation now, where everyone wants to see three-minute clips.(LAUGHTER) BREEN: That's just crazy. I mean, I think -- I'm with Abby on that one to.The theater is a whole different experience. Ninety minutes are under is great. You're through with your popcorn. You have to go replenish if it goes longer than that. But at home, also break it up. That's why we binge series...PAYNE: Yes. Yes.BREEN: ... because they have stop points. In a movie, it's pretty hard to do that. So, just, yes, make it more brief.PAYNE: Yes, although I think there was something -- the movies were better back then. Let's just put it that way, I think, OK?Listen, well, I guess Congress, by the way, can get some things done, because the great pizza debate appears to be over. At least it is according to a Connecticut official who flew to Washington, D.C., declare -- to declare New Haven the pizza capital of the United States.Alli, do you agree? Or where is the best slice?BREEN: I mean, New York's got to hold the trophy.Congress has to fight Dave Portnoy on this one really. That's who the top guy is for determining which pizza is best. But Congress is not the party to do that. I mean, half of them are so old, I don't even think they're eating solid food.(LAUGHTER)BREEN: Forget about being able to judge pizza.(LAUGHTER)PAYNE: That's cold. Maybe they can do the best baby food, baby food or something like that.BREEN: Yes.PAYNE: Abby, what do you think?HORNACEK: What's up with the government trying to get involved with naming certain food items? Because I -- we just -- Indiana, there was a court that just determined a taco was a sandwich, which is blasphemy, by the way.Look, I love pizza. I lived in both Chicago and New York City. I tried so many different places. And my favorite pizza is still the Grimaldi's location in Phoenix, Arizona. So I am very open-minded to there being other pizza capitals of the world.But I have not tried New Haven pizza, but reading about it with the char, I think they said, and the crispy crust, I think it's time to go to New Haven, which is probably what this congresswoman wants us to do. So, she wins.PAYNE: Let me know when you go. I might go up there with you too. Right now, I'm a New York guy.HORNACEK: Yes, deal.PAYNE: I'm biased, OK?Dreaming of an endless summer vacation. So, check this out, guys. There's a new cruise that's set to make that a reality. It's a 3.5-year itinerary. It's designed so that you only ever catch -- it only every catches spring or summer seasons. Wherever the destination is, passengers can get on, they can stay off as often as they want.Abby, is this ideal for you, 3.5 years of summer and spring?HORNACEK: Absolutely not.(LAUGHTER)HORNACEK: I love traveling. I do it a lot for FOX Nation with "Park'd." But I could not be on a boat for that long. I know you can get off, but 300 days of summer? You have to have some variety in there.You don't respect her. You don't appreciate, rather, summer if you're constantly living a summer vacation. Also, I'm sure this ship is built beautifully and is amazing, but it's currently sitting in the same shipyard as the Titanic was built. So I think that long, 3.5 years, on a 31-year-old boat, it just does not sit right with me.PAYNE: Alli?BREEN: I agree. I was on a weeklong cruise that was three days too long before. So, a lifetime, that would be tough.And this really sounds like time shares on steroids, doesn't it? It sounds like something people are going to be itching to get out of if they sign-up for this.PAYNE: I will say this, though. Like, I have only been on two cruises, right? They were mid-sized ships. They were absolutely phenomenal.And there was this old couple, older couple, and they have been on almost 300 cruises. So I went up to their cabin. It was a penthouse. I mean, yes, if I had what they had, I could be on a cruise for 10 years. I mean, it was like -- it was like bigger than this studio. So maybe if they hooked us up with the kind of rooms that -- where you don't get cabin fever, it might work.Abby...(CROSSTALK)BREEN: Yes...(CROSSTALK)BREEN: ... I think.HORNACEK: I would do that then.(LAUGHTER)HORNACEK: If you got to be up there -- if you got to leave the boat every once in a while, I guess it's not so bad.PAYNE: Yes. Years ago, this one ship called The World went out. You can actually buy your own condo on it and come and go as you please.Ladies, thank you so much. That was a lot of fun. Talk again real soon.(CROSSTALK)BREEN: Thanks, guys.PAYNE: All right, so let the travel rush begin, the holiday weekend seeing millions of you hit the road, but a lot of you are making changes in your plans due to that sticky inflation. Well, we have got some money-saving tips just ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: Pack your bags and pack some patience.The unofficial summer travel season kicks off this holiday weekend with a lot of you hitting the road for that getaway.FOX Weather's Katie Byrne is in Boothwyn, Pennsylvania, with the latest -- Katie.KATIE BYRNE, FOX WEATHER CORRESPONDENT: Memorial Day travel is set to be a record-breaker when it comes to road trips, according to AAA.And here at this rest stop along I-95, we have spoken with travelers who say traffic is pretty much unavoidable, but worth it to kick off the unofficial start of summer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KENNY KNOWLES, TRAVELER: Oh, yes, we will be part of the crazies. We're going to leave Friday evening down the Bethany Beach.(END VIDEO CLIP)BYRNE: Almost 44 million Americans are hitting the rails, roads and skies for the holiday weekend, a number AAA says hasn't been seen in almost 20 years, and most people will be in their cars.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JANA TIDWELL, PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER, AAA: The big news this year is, we expect road trips will set an all-time record, with more than 90 percent of Americans traveling by car or just about 38 million Americans traveling.(END VIDEO CLIP)BYRNE: Drivers can expect similar gas prices to last year. The national average ahead of the holiday weekend is $3.61 per gallon.And travel times are expected to be up to 90 percent longer than normal, we're hearing even for the early birds.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KNOWLES: Very hectic, very heavy traffic this morning. It's always heavy on Memorial Day, Fourth of July. Everything's twice, three times as much as it usually is.JUAN CARLOS, TRAVELER: We wanted to avoid the traffic, even though we got caught by it. God knows if we're going to have more down, but it's better to be ahead of time.(END VIDEO CLIP)BYRNE: Most people we have met at this rest stop are heading to the Delaware beaches, but some are driving as far south as Florida -- Charles.PAYNE: Katie, thank you very much.And with temperatures heating up, so is the traffic, and maybe some tempers. What you can do to stay cool and save time and money on your trips this summer.Travelzoo senior editor Gabe Saglie is here to help.Gabe, before we get to some of your tips, how do you think this summer travel season is going to play out?GABE SAGLIE, SENIOR EDITOR, TRAVELZOO.COM: Well, this weekend, Charles -- and happy Memorial Day Monday to you -- portends of what's to come. And certainly we're going to see some record-setting number all over again.I'm starting to sort of shy away from using 2019 still as a benchmark. I think we are now in the new normal. This is our new reality. People are -- despite the predictions of your record-setting traffic on the airport and packed planes, people are still heading out there. They're still prioritizing travel.And, as we see that, then I think we're going to see some record-setting holiday weekends and weeks ahead as we head toward the summer season.PAYNE: All right, so you got to share now these tips, because everyone wants to get on the road.It's not -- we don't have the loose cash we had maybe a year or two ago, so give us some of these savings tips.SAGLIE: Well, I think when it comes to sanity, Charles -- and, listen, I have been at a lot of airports lately. They are packed. Even my club membership, I walk in, I'm having a hard time finding a seat.And the roadways, like in Southern California, we keep throwing money and adding lanes to these highways. It's still bumper-to-bumper traffic. So maybe this is the summer where we look at alternative transportation. I think train travel is starting to pop up as an option for a lot of folks.There's a very interesting sustainability message behind the train travel, and we're also seeing -- we're already seeing Amtrak put out some pretty attractive sales and promotions for the summer season. The timing around locking down your flights is also shifting. Usually, you're looking at 30 days out for a domestic flight, 60 days out for an international flight.But if you're looking at some of the fare prices for, say, European flights now, you're looking at sticker shock if you want to travel in June, July, even August. So I'm saying wait for that second half of the summer season. I even love the idea of traveling to Europe in the fall, when the weather is actually a little bit more manageable and the crowds are thinner. Value is greater than.But I think sort of flexibility around when we lock down our airfare certainly is going to be key. And, listen, one of the bastions of savings in the industry continues to be cruising. We are seeing just this year, Charles, eight brand-new vessels hitting the water. Over the next several years, we have got a couple dozen more shifts that are on the horizon.That means we have got to get not just the avid cruisers on board. We have got to get the new-to-cruise individuals out there. And that means that, as we head into the summer season, last-minute promotions are going to abound in places like the Caribbean, Mexico and Alaska.So if you're flexible, you're willing to jump on a ship with just days to go, you are going to see some pretty substantial savings. And if you're a long lead individual, you want to start thinking about summer 2025, Charles, then maybe some deals to be had there in the cruise scene as well.PAYNE: Sounds great.Hey, Gabe, great stuff. We appreciate it. Thank you very much.SAGLIE: See you.PAYNE: All right, folks, as the fighting continues over there, we honor the men and women who protect our freedoms here.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: As war continues in Ukraine and the Middle East, we remember those who have served America to protect our freedoms hereRetired Army Lieutenant Colonel Bob Maginnis joins us now.Colonel Maginnis, it's always a pleasure to see you at this time of year.Let's talk about this -- the world always seems to be on fire, more and more so more recently, and how important it is for us to remember how you and I are even having this discussion at this very moment.LT. COL. BOB MAGINNIS (RET.), U.S. ARMY: Well, it really is.As we look around the world, Charles, Ukraine's ablaze, and, of course, we're sending billions of our tax dollars to help the Ukrainians fight the Russians. Unfortunately, Putin has militarized his industrial base and he has an endless supply of fresh troops.So it really is making that fight much more dangerous. Israel, of course, is reeling from the October 7 attack by Hamas. And, of course, for months now, six months, they have been battling back against Gaza. Now, it looks as if we're within some sort of ending in a couple of months, I would argue, with Rafah being the last city in Gaza to fall.But the battles in the Middle East, whether with Israel or elsewhere, they're just going to continue, because Iran is dead set on being the hegemon of the region and doing what it can to make life pretty miserable for Israel. So given that and the fact that we're really preparing perhaps for some sort of major confrontation with China in a couple of years, certainly over Taiwan, but their buildup is significant, as is ours.So we're in a world that is filled with instability. And that really reminds us on Memorial Day that we depend upon the young men and women who are deployed across at least 150 nations around the world to be ready at a moment's call to go out and defend this country and our freedoms.And if they fail to do that, we could lose all that we do have today.PAYNE: And to your point, last week, during the Taiwan elections, China made a serious show of force, a very intimidating show of force. It's hard to imagine something not -- something is going to happen there, to your point, very soon.It's also hard to imagine all of these areas of conflict not eventually drawing in U.S. troops. And, again, I think it's time to say, hey, we have got an all-voluntary military. We have got young men and women who live in the greatest country in the world that's in the middle of an industrial revolution, but have chosen, have chosen to put their lives on the line for us.And I'm not sure we recognize that as much as we should, although I will acknowledge I think we recognize it a lot more than we did in a recent past.MAGINNIS: Yes, I agree with you, Charles.The unfortunate reality is that life on Earth requires people willing to pay the ultimate sacrifice for the freedoms that we enjoy in this country. And I would hope that every American who loves where we are would reach out to those that have served either in the past or in the present.If you're in an airport and you see someone in uniform, it may be embarrassing for them, but go up and say thank you, thank you for your service, because it's really important for all of us to recognize that it does take an element beyond ourselves perhaps to do what is necessary to maintain what we have.PAYNE: You know, I'm going to pick up on that just on a personal note. I went to see my father's headstone. He was -- he was buried almost eight years ago. I had not seen the headstone. He fought in Vietnam. He loved the army. And he was a different man when he came back.He was -- he was not the same, although he eventually married and he did a really great job of improving himself, mental health and otherwise. But I just pick up on it because we don't -- we don't know what these folks go through. We don't necessarily understand it.And, just again, if you can articulate to everyone watching how important it is, hey, they need our support as much as they support us.MAGINNIS: Well, indeed they do.Working at the Pentagon, you look across the highway there and you see Arlington Cemetery, where we're approaching about 300 headstones and heroes that are buried there. And every one of those headstones has a story. They had a family. And, of course, they paid a tremendous price for the freedoms that they stood up for, whether it was in Iraq or Afghanistan or in World War I, World War II and so forth.PAYNE: Yes.MAGINNIS: Our nation has bled, and bled for, I think, a good reason most of the time, because we love freedom.PAYNE: Yes.MAGINNIS: And that's important.PAYNE: Amen.Colonel Maginnis, thank you very much.And to folks at home, thank you all for watching us this Memorial Day. Enjoy the rest of your holiday weekend."The Five" starts now.THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.