NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jury selection is all set now. They've got their jurors. They've got their four alternates. I don't believe he has left the building yet. I do know Jill Biden did a few minutes ago. She was there in support for him today. But that trial gets going tomorrow. "THE FIVE" now.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino. Is that my name? Along was Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City. This is THE FIVE.It's Monday and here we go again. Hunter Biden about to leave the courthouse in Wilmington Delaware. The jury has been selected and opening statements start tomorrow as his criminal gun trial kicks off. Hunter is charged with three felony counts related to allegedly lying on a federal gun form back in 2018. He could be facing up to 25 years in jail.Hunter getting a show of public support from his family. His stepmother First Lady Jill Biden appearing in court today. This weekend President Biden was at his beach house spending part of the day biking with Hunter. The New York Times claimed he's expected to speak daily with his son. And today, President Biden released a statement saying as the president, I don't and won't comment on pending federal cases. But as a dad I have boundless love for my son, confidence in him and respect for his strength.It's not the first time that Biden has said something about his son's legal problems.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Sir, there is something personal that's affecting you. Your son, while there's no ties to you, could be charged by your Department of Justice. How will that impact your presidency?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: First of all, my son has done nothing wrong. I trust him. I have faith in him. And it impacts my presidency by making me feel proud of him.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: The trial of Hunter Biden will be a serious test for the Democrats who claim that no one is above the law. House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeff is already defending Biden's comment that Hunter did nothing wrong.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): President Biden commented as a loving father as I would hope any loving father would do. And this Justice Department is going to proceed in that fashion, present the facts in the law, and then we'll all have to wait for a determination that is made by a jury as to Hunter Biden's guilt or innocence.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: OK, Judge, let's weigh in here. Maybe just start there but you could go wherever you want, of course. But with Hakeem Jeffreys saying that like he's OK with Biden saying that as a dad.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes.PERINO: But as the Commander-in-Chief and leader of the Justice Department really -- I mean, not the A.G. but he's the chief enforcement officer.PIRRO: Well, you know, if he did nothing wrong, then why was he about to enter into a plea deal with Judge Noreika? And even the judge said the plea deal was so wrong she couldn't accept the plea deal. But you know what I think? I think that this is a very solid case. But I also think that venue has a lot to do with things as you well know, Dana. I mean, on the one hand, you bring a Republican into Manhattan where the jury pool is very anti-Trump, and you bring a Democrat into Delaware where the jury is very pro-Biden.PERINO: Last name is Biden.PIRRO: You know, and it's kind of interesting that Jill Biden went in during jury selection. You know, it's kind of like a mob tactic to kind of stare down the jury and -- although I'm sure she didn't mean anything like that. But you know, to the jury selection, it's a strange time to come into court.But I want people to understand one thing that this isn't just an illegal gun case. You know, we see him all the time and people get away with him all the time. This is a guy who went in and lied on a pistol permit application. He lied to the guy he was got buying it from. And of course, he took possession of it while he was engaged in the use of uh illegal drugs and narcotics.But -- so, it's not just gun possession. It's not just the use of the gun. It's a use of gun when you're surrounded by drugs. You know, it's perjury on a felony affirmation. And so, it's not just the legal gun -- illegal gun possession, it's so much more than that. It's so many more steps. It's Hallie Biden, his brother's widow, that he's dating and uploading all kinds of pornographic images of the two of them, who throws out the gun allegedly because she's concerned about his drug use and his possibility of having a gun.I don't know what happened, Dana. Do you remember when they first said that the Secret Service got the gun from the garbage can across the street after Hallie threw it away? All of a sudden, I'm looking through all the notes, guys. There's no mention of Secret Service. But in any event, that's just about it. It'll be an interesting case.PERINO: It's like a homeless guy had -- or I don't know if he's homeless, but an elderly guy who went through the trash regularly. He was the one that ultimately found it, though the Secret Service, I remember that too. They were trying to find it.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hunter blamed it on Mexicans. Let's not forget that.PERINO: And also, isn't part of his defense that you -- I'm -- you can't blame me for marking it not -- marking it down incorrectly because I was a drug addict.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: It's like -- but it's like the Menendez brothers complaining about being orphans.GUTFELD: That is true. I love how this, you know, Joe is a loving father, so is Trump. But it doesn't matter. It didn't matter there, it doesn't matter this. But you will see this narrative of sympathy ramp up, a father struggling with his son's addiction, the son dealing with grief through his addiction, but now he's embarking on recovery. And the media is all in on this because they always pick and choose the victims, and the victims are always the criminal.I am conflicted on this because there are two things that men will lie about, sex and drugs. So, I understand -- I understand Trump with the -- with the pro -- with the sex worker. And I understand lying on the gun application. There are a lot of guys out there that shoot tin cans on a fence while, you know, drinking a beer and smoking a joint. But he is, like the judge says, the worst example of a gun owner, parading it around, you know, in a drug den, among criminal elements from dealers to hookers, and he's not even wearing a holster. There's no place to put that gun.Here's a guy -- this is a case of a guy who should not be having a gun. But he had a gun because no one says no to Hunter. And this is why like I'm conflicted because I look at the charges, and I go, everybody lies. But Trump was charged and convictive because of who he was. Hunter got away with everything for decades because of who he was. It's a stark contrast between how an outsider, a person like Trump who's not in the corridors of political power gets treated versus the insular creature of the political machine, a member of the Biden family.You know, and they tried to protect Hunter. Man, that guy used more life preservers than the Lusitania. You know, the laptop denial, 51 experts, you know, all of them still kept their security clearances. That definitely helps them out. I wonder if there's a connection there. So, I don't -- you know -- and one more thing. Nah, forget it. That's good.PERINO: But those were -- those are some great things. Jesse, we'll let you pick it up from there.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, this was the kind of slam dunk case you could have reasonably brought against someone like Donald Trump. You have a weapon that tested positive for cocaine. You have three eyewitnesses. You have the defendant confessing. You have video evidence, a smoking gun document. But instead they bring a case against Trump for $130,000 NDA. Meanwhile, Congress has over a 100 NDAs totaling $17 million. No one in Congress was charged with campaign finance violations. It's because their names aren't Trump.And Jeanine, you are right. This venue is insane. This is New Castle County. This is -- the name is fitting. It might as well be a castle with Joe Biden as the king. This is small-town politics at his finest. One of the jurors today said you can't swing a cat around here and not have everybody find out about it.You don't go to jury selection. The Trump family didn't go to jury selection. The whole Biden Clan goes to jury selection. And they're not sitting silently like this. They're making faces, they're whispering, they're smirking. You know, they're making a scene in front of the jury. I mean, and you already have witness tampering allegations against Joe Biden for visiting one of the witnesses the weekend before and now this.But I'm sick of people saying if you're a drug addict, you get a get-out- of-jail-free card. Doing drugs is a decision. And it's also a decision to quit. You can kick the habit if you want. And Hunter Biden had all of the resources in the world to do that, and he didn't. And now his defense is that he's not accountable for anything he did for seven years because he was on drugs. You can't say that.You cannot have that as the defense while at the same time -- you see Hunter leaving right now -- at the same time they're saying for seven years he was such an acclaimed Yale-educated lawyer on the board of international gas companies wheeling and dealing with Chinese tycoon. He was in control of his life there. But then every time he was breaking the law, he was not in control of his life and he was a helpless victim of a disease? No.And Joe Biden, the tragic thing, was the one pushing his son. While he was addicted to crack cocaine, pushing his son to rake in money to spend it on the rest of the family. But I don't think he's going to get sentenced to prison. He probably shouldn't get sentenced to prison. And if he does, his father will pardon him.PERINO: Harold Ford with the last word.HAROLD FORD JR. FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Good to see everybody, and good to be back around the table. I've said all along, when anyone is ever accused of anything, they're innocent until proven guilty. And certainly, Mr. Biden, Hunter Biden deserves that as President Trump and every defendant in the country deserves that. I would counter just a little bit with my friends, the judge and Jesse. The prosecution brought the case in Delaware, so they knew what they were dealing with. It wasn't as if the defense chose to bring a case against themselves in Delaware.I think the idea of the family showing up, I differ with you -- with you on that a little bit too. I mean, I would -- I hope never to be in a position of having to be in a courtroom, but I've certainly faced hardship in my life and my family has always been there for me. And I'm not -- I'm not surprised -- not surprised by this.One thing you did not hear today from Hunter Biden or Joe Biden or Jill Biden were any words about the judge. The judge who I might add was appointed by President Trump. She is known to have given money to Tom Cotton and to Mitt Romney. I think she will be fair. I have no reason to believe that she won't uphold the oath of office that she took.And as you rightly pointed out, he's a lawyer, Hunter Biden. He knows what's at stake here. If the facts and the evidence prove that he filled out this registration knowingly -- whatever the standard. I don't mean to be trying to be flipping, but whatever the standard is, and the judge would know better than all of us -- and he lied on that form, then he will likely be convicted.And one other thing I didn't hear any of them say was that they would not accept the outcome of whatever the -- whatever the jury here decides. I was surprised and I was curious -- it would be curious the judge's reaction to this, that they chose -- that jury was seated in less than a day. I would have thought with the high-profile nature -- normally, this kind of trial, you could probably see a jury in a half a day or just in the you know morning before lunch. But with the attention around this case, it is surprising or at least surprising on my end, that they seated the jury so quickly.And for those who again think that it was wrong to have the First Lady show up, who was a stepmom, we remember all of the -- and President Trump had every right to have Speaker Johnson and others show up in support of him, so I would imagine we may see other people show up during this trial as well.But the bottom line is if the prosecution proves that he did what they said he did, he'll have to live with the outcome of this.PERINO: The other reason she might have gone today is because she and the President are leaving for Normandy to observe the D-Day celebration.FORD JR.: For the 80th anniversary.PERINO: So, it could be. We don't know. We'll maybe find out.Up next, not letting 34 felony counts get him down. How the Former President feels about going to prison.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Democrats try to knockout Trump with 34 counts but 45 isn't going down that easily. Former President Trump getting a hero's welcome at the UFC fight over the weekend just 48 hours after getting convicted. His campaign joining TikTok, gaining millions of followers. And then he went on "FOX AND FRIENDS WEEKEND" to make this declaration.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You know, my revenge will be success and I mean that. But it's awfully hard when you see what they've done.PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: The judge could decide to say, hey, house arrest or even jail. How do you face what that could --TRUMP: I'm OK with it. I saw one of my lawyers the other day on television saying, oh, no, you don't want to do that to the President. I said, don't - - you don't beg for anything. I don't know that the public would stand it. I think it would be tough for the public to take. You know, at a certain point there's a breaking point.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Trump also turning guilt into gold, raising more than $200 million in the three days following the verdict. But if you can't beat him, jail him. Dems in the media itching to see him locked up before the election.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you think it would be dangerous for the country if Donald Trump were sentenced to jail?REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): This is I think what Donald Trump is aiming for. This is essentially his threat, that if he gets jail time, that he's going to encourage his supporters to rise up.JAMES COMEY, FORMER DIRECTOR, FBI: They would just put him in a doublewide somewhere out near the fence, out in the grass. It's obviously doable.MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER TRUMP ATTORNEY: I'm afraid of him going to jail. And not for him, not for his safety. I'm more concerned for you and for all of us. In a prison situation, he's willing to give away these secrets as I always say, for a bag of tuna or a book of stamps.SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: There is a very good chance I think that he will go to jail even if it's just for six months. And I think we should take his words. Yes, I think six months.(END VIDEOTAPE)PIRRO: Wow.WATTERS: All right, Dana, there is a rumor going around that you have a great point.PERINO: I don't have a -- it's not a point that anybody else has made. Obviously, the numbers speak for themselves. Like you said, like $200 million. When Ruth Bader Ginsburg died, the Democrats raised $70 million on their small dollar donation thing which was record-breaking at the time. Donald Trump was able to beat that or came close to that. So, that's pretty monumental.And I think it will help all Republicans because Republicans for a long time have been behind Democrats in the efforts to raise small dollars. And that has been a big problem for the that last mile of the marathon when you're going to the election and when you thought there might be a red wave and then it didn't happen. Those last 60 days, if you -- when you need money, that's when it comes forward. And then small dollars are important. Not only do -- did they get the small dollars, but they also get the information.The theory I had and I'm saying it's brilliant, but I do think it is just to add a finer point to it, which is there are people that are swing voters and then there are people who are low propensity voters. Low propensity voters are ones are like, I don't know, I might, I might not. You can't really count on them to go to the polls. But the swing voters, they typically will go ahead and vote for somebody.So, there's a small pile of those and both Biden and Trump need them in order to win. And I think what happened was -- it's not just the donations, it's if you look at the reporting in the Free Press and like talked to like 10 different people who said, I don't like the guy but I'm definitely voting for him now. So, as President Trump came off of the verdict and went to the UFC and started TikTok and raised all this money, he was also just chipping away at the swing voter and low propensity voter block.How's that for a theory?WATTERS: We'll let the record show that I wasn't the only one to think there was going to be a red wave.PERINO: That's true.WATTERS: I was just following the polls. Judge Jeanine, $200 million since Thursday. What does that tell you?PIRRO: What it tells me is what it tells uh most Americans, and that is that there is something in their gut that tells them that this isn't fair. These are not -- these are not all of them, certainly are not people that have voted for Donald Trump. They're not necessarily people who've even ever given him money. We know that for a fact.This is -- this is causing Americans to kind of look at what has happened and kind of resist it. And you know, when you look at the Democrats when they get crazy, like you know, in 2020, they caused $2 billion worth of damage to this country. People were injured, several were killed. You know, they burnt down buildings.And of course, Adam Schiff and everybody else is predicting oh, the people on the right are going to go crazy. They're not going to go crazy. You can see it yourself, $200 million in a few days to Donald Trump. There's no protest, there's no riot, nothing happened. All they know is they've got to win and they know how to do it.And you know Trump's saying he's OK with arrest or with his going to jail. It's a good thing. It was so Donald Trump when he said we don't beg for anything. You know, I mean, that was just so Donald Trump. But you know, he's not -- he's not going to say please don't send me to jail, and he's not signaling to his people if they do, you have to go crazy. You know, there is -- there is a -- there's a commonness about this. And I think America is appreciating that.And then you've got Maxine Waters coming out and saying oh, they're going to go crazy. Maxine Waters is saying she's worried about civil war and bloodshed, so she's raising concern with law enforcement in order to be prepared if Trump goes to jail. No, Trump isn't doing -- and Michael Cohen, please, please. He talks about a declassification if Trump goes to jail. What are they going to do, declassify him? They're going to put a wand in front of him and declassify everything so he could spit it out. I mean, Michael Cohen is just ridiculous.And in the end, for Jim Comey to say, you know, this is a guy who you know is a danger to all of us. You know, Jim, you're the one who closed the investigation on Hillary in the Southern District. You're the one who got up and said the email was no case, that it couldn't be prosecuted. Jim Comey is probably the least credible guy in the whole group of them.WATTERS: Harold Ford Jr., that welcome that Trump received at the UFC was quite something. And then, immediately after the first fight began, we had a Let's Go Brandon chant. How do you interpret that? This is Newark, New Jersey.FORD JR.: That had to make the President feel good. I had a dear friend, in fact, my best friend from college was there and said the place was -- he's not a supporter of President Trump necessarily but he said the place was -- the electricity in the place was palpable.I'd say a couple things. First, there's no doubt the president has enjoyed an incredible fundraising boom as a result or you'd have to think that the trial was a catalyst or the verdict in the trial was a catalyst, and maybe the trial itself was a catalyst. You would the verdict maybe because he wasn't raising that kind of money during the trial, it was only after the trial. Now, I would argue that a not-guilty verdict would have probably raise him even more money.For me, two things stand out. First is there's no doubt there's growing enthusiasm amongst supporters. And the Judge made the point that there may be new supporters who have given. You may -- you may be right. I think to your point, the question becomes does it grow the voter base in the six states, the Independents, and I would argue the Republicans who supported Nikki Haley, is that group enthused?And I'm sure there'll be some polling around this in the coming days or coming weeks, but for me -- to me, if you're thinking about this politically from an electoral standpoint, that is the bigger issue. Two, I'll give the President the benefit of the doubt. I know I sometimes get criticized for giving people the benefit of the doubt, but I'll give him the benefit of the doubt as he talked about his willingness to accept the outcome or the verdict -- not the verdict but the sentencing, but he couldn't speak for other people.I do hope as we get closer to this that the President will say -- I hope everyone takes this like I'm going to take it, whether it's a light sentence, a medium sentence, no sentence, or even a heavier sentence, that we should all take this as Americans and accept the -- accept a sentencing.WATTERS: Well, if it's a victimless crime for a first time offender who's 77 and a former president, I wouldn't expect jail time, would you?GUTFELD: Yes, I just love it. Yes, just ask Republicans please don't act like Democrats. Please don't destroy things. Just be good. Just be good. You know, we had -- show that montage there. There's a little rule with montages. They're only this -- the size of them dictates on how many crazy people you can find. If we had seven of them, there would have been seven, but there was only five. The typical ones, you had the creepy lawyer, the weird lady from The View, some other dirt bags. Whatever. They're all the same.But that tells you there's a muted response from Hollywood to the White House. They're second-guessing what is happening. It's like they hit Mike Tyson when he was high, and now the edibles have worn off. You know, it's like they know -- they know that it's coming. I have this theory called The Eternal Cliffhanger. I came up with it this week and I'm very proud of it.The ending of each chapter in this book on Trump leads immediately to the next one. It's like a better season of 24. And it creates the cliffhanger by the previous attacks. So, the person responsible for this ongoing trauma are the people taking him down. So, they always set the stage for what will he do next by actually forcing him to do something next. So, there is -- so you finish one little chapter on Trump, you turn the page, and there he is again. He's still there. And I think it is driving them even more nuts.Now they are exhausted and they're fearfully anticipating the very next move. What's he going to do next? I mean, he was found guilty but then he goes to UFC and thousands and thousands of people are cheering him and he makes $200 million. But we found him guilty. Haven't we learned our lesson yet that every time we keep feeding our angry energy into that coal furnace of Trump, it just makes him so crazy and more powerful.The fact is they repeat convicted felon like it's their safe word, but by doing that they conferred outlaw status to the leader of a nation that kind of romanticizes the classic outlaw. So, rather than shy away with it, you're going to see Americans embrace it and you're seeing it now. So, this is my -- when someone says, "but he's a convicted felon" to you, the most dangerous single word you can say is "so." That's all you got to say. He's a convicted felon. So? It's over. That's all you have to say.WATTERS: So, you're saying they're responsible for the chaos that they're warning us about.GUTFELD: It's a perpetual motion machine.WATTERS: Wow.GUTFELD: They launch the attack. He responds. They do -- they launch another attack, he response. We've had this now for six, seven years.WATTERS: I was saying that in 2015. I'm finally glad someone is echoing that.GUTFELD: That is so --WATTERS: Eternal cliffhanger.GUTFELD: You make me sick.WATTERS: Coming up, Dr. Fauci told point black to his face that he belongs in prison during a wild hearing on Capitol Hill.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Some serious fireworks on Capitol Hill as Dr. Fauci returned to testify publicly for the first time since retiring two years ago.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, FORMER CHIEF MEDICAL ADVISOR TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The accusation being circulated that I influenced these scientists to change their minds by bribing them with millions of dollars in grant money is absolutely false and simply preposterous.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Do you agree that there was a push to downplay the lab leak theory?FAUCI: Not on my part.JORDAN: Really?FAUCI: Really.JORDAN: Wow. Wow. I think -- I think most of the country find that -- find that amazing. I still got 11 seconds. We got --FAUCI: Look at the facts. I've kept an open mind throughout the entire process.REP. BRAD WENSTRUP (R-OH): Did the COVID vaccine stop transmission of the virus?FAUCI: That is a complicated issue.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): That man does not deserve to have a license. As a matter of fact, it should be revoked and he belongs in prison.REP. MICHAEL CLOUD (R-TX): I'm going to ask you to give me a yes or no as to whether you believe these measures were justified. Business closures?FAUCI: When 5,000 people were dying a day, yes.CLOUD: Church closers?FAUCI: Same thing.CLOUD: School closures.FAUCI: Again.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Exclamation Point, he -- aside from some of the, I think the pathetic nature of the hearing, the substance of the hearing I think was appropriate. What were your thoughts on the substantive questions and some of the answers that Dr. Fauci gave?GUTFELD: I'm always disappointed by these hearings because it tends to divide and it becomes like the person becomes a soccer ball that gets kicked back and forth. And I just remember there was a long time early on, if you questioned the draconian response, you were condemned. You were accused of not taking COVID seriously. And I took it seriously but you saw experts like him choose the short-term benefit of fear over the long-term benefit of restraint. And now we're paying that price.Experts saw incentive in fearmongering because they were portrayed as heroic, they amplify their media footprint, they got book deals, they got speaking deals. This was an accelerated version of the 30 to 40 years of climate hysteria when you -- if you were a climatologist or a science or whatever -- a scientist and you embraced that ideology, you went up. That's exactly what happened here.And the irony of Fauci, he wanted to put six people -- six -- he wanted to put people six feet apart, he put them six feet under. Because remember, that was the foundation of all the enforced isolation was the six feet apart. When you -- when you walk by somebody, you would get all freaked out. There were -- you could not see your sick relatives who died. That happened in my family. People with autistic kids that were in the hospital, they could not see them unless you had some kind of power. People in recovery couldn't go to their meetings. There were overdoses. There were suicides. Kids lost a real education and it -- and why? Why?Can we figure out what was worse? Was it COVID or our response to COVID? Because if we're still going through our response to COVID. And Fauci will not be remembered as the hero that he wants to be. He'll be remembered as a villain just like Jesse.FORD JR.: D.P., I thought --WATTERS: There's still time. It's not over yet for me, Greg.FORD JR.: I thought one of the things that was interesting about the hearing is they were trying to figure out the theory of the origins of Coronavirus. Were you convinced or persuaded by Dr. Fauci's answers or do you think we've gotten to the bottom this --PERINO: I think that he could look back and he could draw lines and say look, I said I was open-minded, I was openminded. I was like, but we -- but we lived through it. And so, it's like one of those things of like you can -- you could believe it with your own eyes. Like, this is what was happening is that there was definitely a way to downplay it.If you thought that there was a lab leak, you were called a racist, you were called a conspiracy theorist. But now, even on the -- there was bipartisanship on the committee. They -- even though they don't necessarily -- I want to go after him, I get that. But the consensus about all of this leading to or originating with the lab leak, that's getting pretty close. And there are a lot of people who don't want to punish China for it. And that's a -- that's maybe a topic for another day.The last thing I would just say is that on the -- the fact that the six feet rule was made up and we're still dealing with all of this -- we had priests shooting water from squirt guns at church because they wanted the six-foot rule in place. And to know that it was just completely made up is really, really upsetting, and it is the root of all the things that happened. It could change worked forever, led to this all the inflation we have today. It's really -- it's really shocking.FORD JR.: Judge, what are your thoughts about Dr. Fauci and this hearing? Well, I think that Dr. Fauci -- I think the man is a totalitarian dictator type. There's an article in the -- in the New York Post today that talks about NIH scientists who made $710 million in royalties from the drug makers, a fact that they tried to hide.But I think more important than that is how they destroyed Americans lives. The tension, the fighting, you know, if you weren't six feet away, you know, someone screaming my daughter has asthma. I remember we were in a Dunkin Donuts and someone was too close to her. I remember, you know, we were saying you know, how great the truck drivers are and how great the people are who filling the shelves, and the nurses, and then all of a sudden, if they didn't get a vaccine, they were public enemy number one and they had to lose their job. If you're in the military, you don't get a vaccine, you're out.But I want you to listen to just two points and I'll end at that. Do you read -- this is too Fauci. Do you recall discussions regarding the six-foot threshold and how it began? He says, answered, you know I don't recall. It just sort of appeared. Did you see any studies that supported six feet? I was not aware of any studies that did. But he was out there pitching six feet.The second point I want to make. Question a Fauci, do you recall reviewing any studies or data supporting masking for children? And we all know that children suffered exponentially in terms of their development, in terms of their ability to speak, in terms of their social interaction. He says, you know, I might have reviewed studies about masking for children but I don't recall. And then he -- then they say, well if you didn't -- you don't recall studies, have you followed any of those studies? No. And they said, but we now have studies and talk about the impact of those of masking kids. And he said, well, I think it's still up in the air. He doesn't even follow the studies.FORD JR.: Primetime, you were skeptic of some of these things, some of the things that the government was asking of the public. And you were also a believer that this thing could have emanated from this lab. Does this -- not make you feel good about your argument, where do -- but where do we go from here?WATTERS: Well, yes, it makes me feel very good about my argument, Harold.PERINO: I was saying it three years ago.WATTERS: Right. And I -- Dana preferred the squirt gun communion.PERINO: Oh, you did.WATTERS: Blood of Christ right to the mouth from six feet was the way to go. I actually requested Jesse Jr. get baptized via squirt gun. They denied that request though. But Fauci is guilty, and he shut everything down because, like Greg, he's very old. And COVID affected the elderly more. If you were under 50, it wasn't as deadly.And so, he freaked out because as I said, he was guilty because he funded it. He trained that lady. We knew what was going on in the lab. And it was a sloppy lab. It broke out. And then he scrambled and tried to get everybody to line up and deny it. And then he had -- hey guys, we want to write a paper about how this came from a bat and had nothing to do with the lab. Oh, great paper. Here's $9 million.That's how it went down. That's exactly how it went down. But I heard we had Pete Hegseth up next, so I'm going to shut my mouth.FORD JR.: We have him up in the next segment here. But ahead, playing dirty in the WNBA, Caitlin Clark gets shoved to the ground. Bad play by that --(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: The WNBA trying to break bones instead of that glass ceiling. Women's sports star Caitlin Clark getting taken down hard by another player. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Chennedy Carter now with 12 points off the bench. And big time contact afterwards.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Girls, girls, girls. Clark's team won, and like a champ, she brushed off the shove. All right, Harold I go to you for no particular reason. If you removed the race and reversed the race, made it about hockey, how quickly would this story become about the embedded disease of white supremacy?FORD JR.: Huge.GUTFELD: Huge. Thank you.FORD JR.: I saw Dana on this morning talking about this, and you talked about it talk about it from a few angles. First off, the young lady who pushed Caitlin Clark should have been ejected and should be suspended and lose some pay because I think something is happening with this young Caitlin Clark and her entry into the league.There's no doubt -- I often say that I think we should not invoke race. We invoke race too much. I think there's -- race is playing a role in this. I hope I'm wrong but I get a sense that race is playing a role here, number one. Number two, this game has take -- has been elevated by this young Miss Clark. College women -- women's college basketball, women's professional basketball, and I would argue women's sports at the professional level in general, what she has done to lift it.Now, you may not like that it's her that's done it, much like a lot of golfers 30 years ago probably didn't like it was Tiger Woods that transformed the game and introduced the game to so many Americans of all different backgrounds. Again, if the WNBA doesn't step up and protect this young lady because her teammates certainly should do it as well, but if the WNBA does not take action against this young lady, Chennedy Carter that did this and ensure that going forward this kind of activity will result in an ejection and a game suspension with no pay, we're going to see more of it.And for the for the sake of this young lady -- I'm glad Caitlin Clark, that she was not injured there because she wasn't looking. It could have dislocated or broken her shoulder.GUTFELD: Dana, doesn't the person who knocked her down understand that only men can do that to women?PERINO: Well Kennedy -- the other Kennedy, our Kennedy was on the this morning and she kind of made me say like, OK, fine, they're going to -- it's a physical game. You thought you wanted to -- the kind of physical game that you get in the men's game so you can get the viewership. I don't know if that's going to work and I don't want Caitlin Clark to get hurt.I do think it's interesting that the Democrats, they're mad because they cannot control who gets paid what in a private organization like the WNBA. But there's no doubt because of Caitlin Clark for example they all get to now fly with charters.GUTFELD: Right.PERINO: If they kick her out or if she gets injured and she's not there, they'll be back on Southwest Airlines and Chennedy Carter will say no comment.GUTFELD: What do you make of this, Jesse? You follow the WNBA closely. Some say too closely.WATTERS: In a creepy way or --GUTFELD: Yes, in a creepy way.WATTERS: OK. So, in any league, if you come into the league with a lot of hype, you're going to get treated like someone maybe doesn't like you. You know, like when I came onto THE FIVE, I was disrespected immediately.GUTFELD: Right.WATTERS: Michael Jordan, when he came to the NBA, a lot of people were taking shots. Eric Lindros on the Flyers, same thing, taking shots. Welcome the league, rookie. What's up, rookie? What's up? There's nothing wrong with that. I don't see race. What's up, rookie?FORD JR.: That was a cheap shot.WATTERS: OK. So what?FORD JR.: I don't know the physicality of the game --WATTERS: Welcome to the NBA -- WNBA. Welcome to the WNBA, Caitlin.FORD JR.: It's happening too much and it's wrong.WATTERS: Step up.GUTFELD: All right, Judge.PIRRO: You know, I really think that -- you know, I wondered if that happened you know while the ball was in play. Caitlin had already made the basket. That was just vicious. It was vindictive and she took her down. But I checked out this Chennedy, she was suspended by her own team when she played in Atlanta for threatening to beat up her own teammate, and so they had to trade her. They traded her to L.A. L.A. released her for poor conduct.And now, this Chennedy is going to be relegated to history. Her fame will be that that of the person who is doubling down on knocking down Caitlin Clark who's responsible for, you know, all of the eyes and the viewership on the WNBA.FORD JR.: Nothing's wrong with physicality, but cheap --PIRRO: Shots that was a cheap shot.FORD JR.: I agree with you.GUTFELD: I just have to say I'm absolutely disgusted by what occurred having us do a segment on the WNBA. Don't go anywhere. Pete Hegseth is here with his new book.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: All right, Pete Hegseth is out with a brand new book tomorrow. It's called The War On Warriors: Behind The Betrayal Of The Men And Women Who Keep Us Free. And Pete joins us now. Pete, first of all, congratulations.HEGSETH: Thank you, Judge.PIRRO: I'm sure this is going to be a huge bestseller like all your other books. And in this book, you talk about dysfunction in the military attributing it primarily to DEI and basically saying that you guys end up fighting not just on the battlefield but inside the military.HEGSETH: No doubt inside our ranks. I mean, it's one thing to have DEI inside your corporation or inside your university. It's a whole another thing to have it inside the 101st Airborne. You can move to a different state if you want to go to a different school or if you want a different tax rate. We only have one military. And if the military goes woke, then it is less equipped to fight the wars that it needs to fight.There's a reason on the cover that the flag is upside down. It's the universal sign of duress. That's -- I talk to dozens and dozens of guys and gals inside the military right now including my own story and every single one of them says this is nowhere near the military we had. We used to be focused on meritocracy and lethality. And now it's a social experiment where commanders are walking on eggshells, standards are being lowered, people aren't being held accountable. It's got to change.GUTFELD: That's weird because mine is right side up.PIRRO: Yes.HEGSETH: That's how you read, Greg.PIRRO: Good. Do you have a question, Dana?PERINO: I do. So, in Corporate America, there is a move away from DEI because they see the results are not good and they're starting to move away from it. So, I'm just curious if you see anything that happened in Corporate America maybe being replicated then in the military based on something like that.HEGSETH: Most war fighters don't want this.PERINO: Right.HEGSETH: This is -- this is not a book about how the military went woke. It's a book about how the military allowed itself to go woke. And that's the brass and the generals who kowtow to effectively appoint these in the Obama and Biden administrations who pushed these things down. And they let it happen even though they know their job is to defend the meritocracy and the Constitution. So, a new commander-in-chief, Donald Trump, can change this quickly by putting a focus back on the right phase.GUTFELD: I have a quick question. It's D Day this week. Isn't that offensive to have that during Pride Month?PIRRO: OK.HEGSETH: I think we should change that, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes. Let's get on that.HEGSETH: Although it's amazing to watch every branch of the military put out Pride statements. In fact, CENTCOM just put one out, big one, long one. What they did for Memorial Day? Like, three sentences.PIRRO: Yes. But what are they going to do when the bullets start flying? That's the question.HEGSETH: That's why it matters so much.PERINO: That's why it matters.PIRRO: All right. Pete, thanks so much for joining us. And get your copy of the War On Warriors. And "ONE MORE THING" is up next. So, that's it, Pete. Thanks.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING" and a very special one from Harold.FORD JR.: Judge, our very own, Judge Jeanine celebrated her birthday yesterday.PERINO: Happy Birthday.FORD JR.: We love. We're blessed to be around the table with you. Happy birthday, Sweetie.PIRRO: Thank you.FORD JR.: Happy birthday.PIRRO: I appreciate it. Thank you.PERINO: Have a cupcake.WATTERS: Happy birthday, Judge Jeanine.PIRRO: Thank you.FORD JR.: You want one?PIRRO: No.FORD JR.: OK.PERINO: You want to go for "ONE MORE THING.? Go ahead.PIRRO: No. Mine's not special.WATTERS: OK. Happy birthday to Emma. I'll just go right ahead.PERINO: OK, yes.WATTERS: We celebrated a big birthday over the weekend. Yes, Greg, that is a professional photographer at the birthday party.PIRRO: Of course.WATTERS: There it is. We love Emma so much. So, beautiful, so, so sweet. We love you. Happy Birthday! "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" tonight, Johnny went out and asked people what they thought of the Trump verdict. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Donald Trump was found guilty in New York. How'd that make you feel?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It makes me feel happy.BELISARIO: What was the crime that Donald Trump committed?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, I'm not aware of specifics.(END VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Typical Democrat, Harold. Typical Democrat.FORD JR.: She was a Republican.GUTFELD: Great -- some great journalism there.WATTERS: Thank you. It's not like Exclamation Point.GUTFELD: Go to the beach. I bet Johnny was jealous over the birthday party. All right, tonight, Dave Rubin, Brian Kilmeade, Kat Timpf, Adam Hunter. That's a lineup tonight. Don't miss it.PERINO: I want to say congrats to team Fox Fleet. They completed the Tunnel To Towers climb at One World Trade Center for the third year in a row. Congratulations to everybody. That's it for us. Good night.