SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: I'm Shannon Bream.As millions of Americans enjoy this Memorial Day weekend to remember the sacrifices of those who paid the ultimate price, President Biden and President Trump offered their competing views on the role of the U.S. military.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Thanks to the U.S. Armed Forces for doing what only America can do, as the indispensable nation, the world's only superpower.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We believe that the job of the United States military is not to wage endless regime change, wars around the globe, senseless wars.BREAM (voice-over): Heat on the campaign trail as headlines are dominated by finger-pointing over a second failed border vote in Congress, the increasing isolation of Israel as the war in Gaza drags on, and bipartisan anger in Congress over how universities have handled student protests.REP. VIRGINIA FOXX (R-NC): Taxpayer dollars have no business funding universities without principles that align with the principles of this country.BREAM: We'll talk with two members of Congress, Trump supporter Byron Donalds, a member of House Oversight, and Biden supporter Jared Moskowitz on House Foreign Affairs.Then --TRUMP: There has been no evidence, there's no evidence.BREAM: The New York jury in the hush money case against Donald Trump begins deliberations this week. Our legal panel is on verdict watch and also looks ahead to the Hunter Biden gun trial.And --REP. BRAD WENSTRUP (R-OH): Did you ever send information related to COVID- 19 to Dr. Fauci's personal email?DR. DAVID MORENS, DISEASES SENIOR SCIENTIFIC ADVISOR: I don't remember if I did, I may have.BREAM: A former top adviser to Anthony Fauci grilled in Congress over allegations he may have tried to hide and potentially destroy smoking gun records on the origins of COVID.Our Sunday panel breaks down what it means for Americans' faith in our institutions.All this week on "FOX News Sunday".(END VIDEOTAPE)BREAM (on camera): Hello from FOX News in Washington.In our headlines today, a tornado touched down and crossed interstate 35 in Denton, Texas, Saturday, causing damage to homes, power lines and trees, just part of the severe storms that move through Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas, killing at least five people.And in Taiwan, a bipartisan U.S. delegation of House members has landed in Taipei to meet the island's new president. It comes just two days after China held war games in the Taiwan Strait which the State Department is calling deeply concerning.In the Middle East, Hamas says it fired a series of rockets at Tel Aviv this morning. There are reports of rocket sirens in Central Israel for the first time in months. No immediate reports of casualties or damage. In a moment, we will talk with Congressman Jared Moskowitz and Byron Donalds.But first, we turn to FOX News correspondent Mark Meredith at the White House. He's covering the latest on the 2024 presidential race.Hi, Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hello, Shannon.This week, President Biden returns to the campaign trail. He's going to be visiting the battleground state of Pennsylvania. The latest poll show him still locked in a very tight race with former President Trump who's making an overt effort to win over Black voters who Biden needs in November.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (voice-over): Speaking at West Point's military commencement, President Biden vowed to continue U.S. military and economic support for Ukraine even as its war with Russia stretches on for more than two years.BIDEN: We're standing against a man who I've known well for many years, a brutal tyrant. We may not, we -- and we will not -- we will not walk away.MEREDITH: But here at home, the president's political future remains uncertain. A Quinnipiac University poll finds voters are split with Biden leading former President Trump by only 1 point, 48 to 47 percent, well within the margin of error.Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee spent Saturday night courting libertarians.TRUMP: I'm asking for the Libertarian Party's endorsement or at least lots of your votes.MEREDITH: Recent events in New York show his campaign's growing effort to win over minority voters.TRUMP: It doesn't matter whether you're Black or Brown or White or whatever the hell color you are, it doesn't matter.MEREDITH: The Biden campaign says it's determined to hold on to Black support. Last week, the president addressed graduates at Morehouse College.BIDEN: You started college just as George Floyd was murdered, and there was a reckoning on race. It's natural to wonder, democracy you hear about actually works for you.MEREDITH: Notably, the president's tone was far different from then President Obama's address 11 years earlier.BARACK OBAMA, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Your generation is uniquely poised for success unlike any generation of African-Americans that came before.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): The Biden campaign was also recently dealt a blow after former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley, a vocal critic of Donald Trump, came out to say she'll support Trump over Biden who she called a catastrophe. The Biden campaign had been making very public attempts to try to win over Haley's supporters -- Shannon.BREAM: So, Mark, while you're there at the White House, I have a foreign policy question as well. The issue of Israel, the Biden administration what are they saying now about the push back on the ICC, the warrants issued not only against leaders of Hamas but Israeli leaders as well?MEREDITH: Now, the White House has been quite outspoken about this. The president has been calling these arrest warrants for Israeli leaders outrageous and now, the administration is even saying it's open to possibly sanctioning the ICC down the line -- Shannon.BREAM: Okay. Mark Meredith, reporting from the White House -- Mark, thank you very much.Joining us now, Florida Democratic Congressman Jared Moskowitz.Welcome back, Congressman.REP. JARED MOSKOWITZ (D-FL): Thanks, Shannon. Thanks -- thanks for having me.BREAM: Okay, I want to start there with the ICC. You've called these warrants outrageous. You have condemned them as the White House has as well.You heard Mark Meredith there talking about potential sanctions. Now, you know under the Trump administration, ICC officials were sanctioned. There were visa restrictions on their family members. There was even a counter investigation into alleged corruption.President Biden lifted those. Should he have left them in place?MOSKOWITZ: Well, obviously, look, hindsight 20/20, we are where we are today. I'm for putting those sanctions back in place. I'm for Congress acting in a bipartisan basis to go after the ICC.Look -- let's state some facts here. When Assad killed 300,000 civilians using chemical weapons if you recall, which was a red line for this country, did the ICC go after Assad? No, they didn't because they said Syria was not a party to the ICC.When that -- people have asked them to look at the human rights violations in China, have they gone after China? No, the ICC has specifically said China is not a party to the ICC.But is Israel a party to the ICC? They are not, and yet they are now going after Israel. This is totally political.The ICC is irrelevant. They have no jurisdiction. We might as well call them the Harry Potter ministry of magic. They're irrelevant because Israel is not a party to their treaty.And so this is pressure, unfortunately, from the international community that wants to see no more Israel and they're using the ICC to go ahead and do that, and I think the United States needs to respond in a strong bipartisan way, which is why you're seeing Democrats and Republicans in the House and the Senate and the Biden administration coming together.Hopefully, we'll get that done when we get back from break.BREAM: Well, there's a lot waiting for you, as you know, when you come back.But one of the most recent bills you struggled a little bit with your vote on it ultimately voting for this bill in the House that would force the White House essentially to hand over all weapons that have been congressionally approved and, by the way, in a bill that the president himself signed, you had some concerns with the bill.But the president has talked about withholding certain things from Israel. You ultimately, 16 Democrats, you included among them, decided to vote for that bill.Where do you think there has been some daylight or are you worried there's some within your party and maybe even the White House that is sending confusing or mixed messages not only to Israel but to its enemies as well?MOSKOWITZ: Well, the reason I was concerned about that bill is there were issues in there beyond Israel hamstringing potentially all administrations in the future. On this issue, on Israel, my biggest problem is, is that right now, the reason there's no ceasefire is because of Hamas, period, stop right there, right? There's -- there's no other conversation.Why we don't have the hostages out and why we don't have a ceasefire is because Hamas won't agree to one. We need more pressure on Hamas, not less. And anytime there's any daylight between the United States and Israel, Hamas has a reason to not come to the table and agree to a ceasefire.We also saw reports, unfortunately, that Israel had agreed to the terms between the United States and the Qataris, yet the Egyptians might have changed some of the terms in favor of Hamas.So, unfortunately, right now that the ceasefire conversations are an absolute complete mess, but make no mistake about it, the reason why there's a Rafah operation is because Hamas has not agreed to a temporary ceasefire to release the hostages.BREAM: So I want to talk about the pier there as well because U.S. officials along with many in the international community are worried about getting aid into the people the civilians in Gaza, but there's trouble for that pier."The New York Times" already saying that the Pentagon is seeing it's a logistical nightmare, and we're getting word this weekend that four ships that have been attached to the pier have become unmoored in bad weather, two of them running around on a nearby beach."The New York Times" adding this little relief has reached Palestinians in the besieged strip. Several trucks were looted as they made their way to a warehouse. The World Food Program warned on Tuesday that the pier project could fail if Israel did not do more to ensure the safe distribution of the aid.You and I talked about this last time you were on. There are reports that Hamas is threatening people, even threatening to kill people who work with Israel to distribute that aid, and yet, the onus is on them to get it done.What more could they be doing to facilitate highways, checkpoints to make sure it gets to civilians?MOSKOWITZ: Yeah, again, right? It's the same conversation over and over and over. Oh, it's Israel, Israel, Israel, Israel, right?No, none of the problems on getting aid have anything to do with the fact that the U.N. is having issues getting that aid around because there's -- there -- it's an unsecure area because Hamas is attacking the aid, right? Where's the pressure on Egypt to get aid -- more aid through the Rafah crossing? We saw the State Department announce that, you know, they're trying to get the Egyptians to get more aid through the Rafah crossing.And so, it's always Israel, right? It's, oh, Israel, let's blame Israel. But again the reason why there isn't humanitarian aid, more going around is because it's unsafe because Hamas is attacking the convoys, because Hamas wants to steal the aid.Make no mistake about it: Hamas doesn't care about the Palestinian people, right? The leaders of Hamas are worth billions of dollars. Did they invent the product? No, they stole this money from the Palestinian people and then buried themselves underground while they left all their civilians exposed in a war that Hamas started, okay?It's no different with this humanitarian aid. Look, Israel is doing what they can obviously without putting their soldiers in harm's way to get this aid to the Palestinian people. It's very important that we do that. There are innocent civilians there, women and children, that need to make sure that we get aid because we have to make sure that we don't have a famine.But we need the U.N. and Egypt to do more.BREAM: I want to ask you quickly because you've been critical somewhat of the president's position on the border, and some of these foreign policy issues as well.Our recent polling shows that a lot of Americans agree with you. They give the edge to president Trump on immigration, on the economy, on crime, and on foreign policy.They're tough swing state polls out there for the president this week as well. And Nate Silver, one of the country's top pollsters, says if he's still struggling like this by August, he should consider leaving the ticket.Is that a conversation having if your goal is to make sure that President Trump does not get back to the White House?MOSKOWITZ: No, it's not a conversation worth having. Nate, thanks for your participation.But this is ridiculous. We're well past that conversation. You know, President Biden is going to be the nominee. We're going to have our convention and he's going to win in November.This is going to be between two people, right? It's either really -- the way I look at the election is, do you want Trump back or do you not? That is the crux of the issue.I think that's what the American people are going to ask themselves when they go into that ballot. Do they want President Trump back or do they don't want -- or they not want him back?And that's going to depend on what's important to each solitary American. If you are for a woman's right to choose, then you will not be voting for President Trump. If you're for a woman having the rights to contraception, you know, you won't be voting for President Trump.On immigration, quite frankly, I think both parties are to blame on what's going on with immigration, right? Democrats, I've said this before, Democrats were late to come to the table. When we came to the table and got a bipartisan agreement with a conservative bill coming out of the Senate, then Republicans walked away because Trump wants to use it in the election, right? He said blame me.And so, you know, at the end of the day, the election is very close. We're kind of at halftime now. We're going to get out of the summer and, all of a sudden, it's going to be September, October. As we go into the election, people will look at what's the state of the economy at that moment, and how do they feel about the country.BREAM: Yeah, and right now --MOSKOWITZ: But it is a very close election. It's down to a couple of states.BREAM: Yeah, and right now, they're not feeling good about the economy. We're going to talk about that more in the show.But, Congressman, we appreciate your time. Thanks for dropping in.MOSKOWITZ: Thanks, Shannon.BREAM: Okay. Joining us now, fellow Florida congressman, Republican Byron Donalds.Welcome back.And let me just start there and give you a chance to respond. He says if you care about a right to choose, if you care about contraception, which by the way, President Trump has said he does not want to touch contraception. But all these other, you know, questions and arguments, Congressman Moskowitz says if you care about those things, you cannot vote for your party.REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): Well, first of all, my colleague is just simply wrong. What Donald Trump did when he was president of the United States, he did change the Supreme Court. They did overturn Roe v. Wade, which was the right decision but it is now left to the states.And so, President Trump has been asked this question multiple times. He does not want to weigh in from the federal level. He wants the states to make this decision for themselves because every state is different, every - - every group of citizens in each state, they have different philosophies.And when it comes to something as personal as abortion, at this point, you know the president's position is the philosophies of people in the states needs to be what governs, not federal law, definitely not the Supreme Court.Obviously, with contraception, that's just simply not true. President Trump doesn't want to do anything on contraception. He wants to be able to have people -- he wants people to be able to take -- to take advantage of that and use that in their personal lives.BREAM: Okay. We talked about the border a little bit. Congressman Moskowitz touched on this and said, listen, both parties take blame for not getting something done.There was a bill offered up this week in the Senate. Everybody -- just about everybody admitted it was kind of a show. It was not really going to go anywhere, but it provides this talking point for President Biden saying congressional Republicans do not care about securing the border or fixing America's broken immigration system. He says you would have voted for it if you did. He said they put partisan politics ahead of our country's national security.Now, Republicans under President Trump did control the White House, House and Senate. If you guys run the table and all of those things align again, what promises or plans can you offer to the American people about Republicans fixing the border?DONALDS: Well, a couple of things. First, Donald Trump had this border secured when he was president of the United States. When Joe Biden came in, the first thing he did was rip up Trump's border policies simply because they were put in place by Donald Trump. It was a very stupid decision by Joe Biden. The country has suffered as a result.So now what we're going to do is go back to ending catch and release, go back and go back to remain in Mexico. We are going to have to deport millions of people who should not be here because our cities and states simply cannot handle the flow of all these illegal migrants.Now you got people who are going -- Jordanians going, trying to breach Quantico under Joe Biden. You saw what happened on the southern border in California the other day where they're trying to scale the wall in California, get over that wall there.So what President Trump is going to do is put back the policies that actually had our country secure. We are going to deport millions of people. It needs to be done. And then in Congress, a policy like H.R.2, if we have the votes in the House and in the Senate, we're going to move large parts of that to become federal law, which gives the president more authorities to secure the nation.BREAM: OK, we will wait and see. Obviously the results of November have everything to do with those plans, but let's talk about this. President Trump is taking his argument to some nontraditional places this week. You were part of his trip into the Bronx. And he has got, you know, people who love that idea, people who hate that idea, but you were there with him on stage.It reignited a conversation you and I have had previously on this show about race and about critics who say Republicans are using, quote, "Black and brown people." There is one news personality out there who says, you're being used as a prop. Here's Joy Reid.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: The one Black guy that Republicans love to roll out as fake proof that Black people, the Blacks, are just MAGA. They're MAGA. It's a joke. And just as credible as when they pretended they were going to make that guy Speaker of the House, because they weren't going to do that either.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: OK, so how do you view that statement? Is it that her own personal beliefs and experiences are such that she cannot fathom that Black Americans would find a home in the GOP? Do you think she's making more of a statement about Republicans or about you?DONALDS: First of all, I find Joy's comments to be nothing more than crabs in a barrel. Just because I have a different viewpoint, different way of looking at the world, different politics. Now, all of a sudden, I'm being used. You can make an argument that MSNBC is using her, but I'm going to move on.The rally in the Bronx was amazing. You had a very diverse crowd, people from the Bronx, Puerto Ricans, Dominicans, Black people, White people, all there supporting President Trump, because they've seen the disaster that is New York City. They've seen the disaster that has come to the United States of America because of the master of disaster, Joe Biden himself, and they want Donald Trump back.I heard what my colleague said in a previous segment, this is going to be a decision. It's going to be a decision for the American people between two presidents who did the better job, and it is without question Donald Trump was a significantly better president on every metric. That's why he has support in the Bronx. That's why when the president went to Minnesota, he had support in Minnesota, and there's more support in a lot of blue areas that is for President Trump coming back.So, we're looking at expanding the political map, not shrinking it based upon race or anything else, because that's what Joy Reid and Joe Biden and the rest of them want to do. They want to shrink the political map based upon previous dogma and racial lines. That is not what President Trump's focus is. His focus is on all of America.BREAM: OK, that sounds like someone who could potentially join him on the ticket and be out there campaigning and making that conversation, that argument. So, listen, when I first interviewed you, 2021, you were a brand- new congressman. Clearly, you had campaigned on a pro-Trump agenda. You were pro-Trump.But, as with anybody who's on the VP shortlist, I'd like to ask about the fact that you, at some point, had not been a huge Trump fan, or you had reservations. You said he was a self-promoter. You were glad that he wasn't running against President Obama years before.But I think it's important if you're on the shortlist to ask where your evolution happened. Especially if you're on the ticket, you're going to be out there trying to make the argument to other people who may be skeptical about President Trump, and they want to know what your evolution on him was?DONALDS: Well, actually, I'm glad you're bringing this up. What you're talking about are probably Facebook messages from 2012, 2015, where, yes, I had skepticism. But you had an opportunity to watch the 2016 campaign unfold, see Donald Trump's positions on the campaign trail against Hillary Clinton. Thank God he beat Hillary Clinton. The country was better off for it. And then you watched him do the job.And I will tell you, myself, like so many Americans, have seen Donald Trump be president, and now they've seen the country without Donald Trump as president, and they want to go back to the years of 2017, 2018, 2019. Our country was significantly better on every metric.Joe Biden and the crazy left will bring up COVID-19, but listen, COVID would've been terrible for any president to get through, and Donald Trump still did a great job getting us through COVID. So I will tell you this, if you look at anybody's thoughts, 2015, you probably had some skeptics, no doubt about that. But there is no skepticism when you look at the job he did as commander-in-chief. The world was less safer, no new wars, our economy was better, everybody was getting ahead. It is not the case today.BREAM: All right, Congressman Byron Donalds, you folks out there at home have heard both sides of the argument. Congressman, we thank you for yours, and we'll see you again soon.So President Trump's New York criminal trial is coming to an end. Closing arguments set to begin Tuesday. The jury could hand down a verdict as early as this week. Our legal panel is here with predictions next.As we take time throughout this Memorial Day weekend and our show to remember the fallen, including a look at the moving World War II memorial, just happens to be my favorite here in Washington.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: The first criminal case against former President Trump appears headed to the jury this week. Let's get you up to speed with a Bream Brief.On Tuesday, the prosecution and defense will make their closing arguments to the 18 jurors. That includes six alternates who could be asked to step in if one of the 12 primary jurors is disqualified or otherwise unable to serve out their commitment.Following those summations, the judge will give the jury instructions, telling them what the law means, how they are to interpret and apply it to respect all these charges against President Trump. In the end, they'll have to decide if the former president falsified business records that pay off to Stormy Daniels, facilitated by the president's one-time fixer and former attorney Michael Cohen, and then falsified those records with the intent to cover up a separate crime. How's it all going to work?Well, let's bring in Fox News Contributor, former Assistant, a U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Andy McCarthy. Trey Gowdy, former South Carolina Republican congressman and host of "Sunday Night in America with Trey Gowdy" on the Fox News channel.Gentlemen, welcome. I am glad to have the brain trust of former prosecutors with us to help break this all down.OK, so all of us have taken turns attending the trial. We'll be back there this week. I want to read the analysis from a couple of folks who I think you could argue lean left. Here's how they see the trial."From the first day of testimony,' this is Harry Litman in the "LA Times," 'the prosecution has presented a tight, persuasive tale. The prosecution's cross-examination of Costello and redirect of both Cohen and Daniels were crisp, clear, textbook demolitions of the defense's points. Going into the final act, I like the chances that he will be found guilty."Laurence Tribe. "Having closely followed Trump's trial for criminally falsifying business records to deceive voters into making him president, I'm convinced he's guilty as charged, and barring jury nullification, will be a convicted felon soon after Memorial Day."Andy, as it's played out, the decisions that have been made, the rulings thus far, what do you think?ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it is a cogent story. It's just not a story that violates the law, but I think, you know, to the extent that those left-of-center legal commentators are predicting a conviction, they may be right because of the way the case has been pitched to the jury.Now, it's one thing for us to be here pronouncing on what all of the various legal flaws are, and there's a plethora of them, but you have to try to see the case the way the jury is seeing it, and in this instance, I think the jury is seeing it through the lens of Judge Merchan, who has been very indulgent of the prosecution's dodgy theories here. And, you know, I could sit here and poke holes in them all day, but it doesn't make a difference because we're not in there speaking to the jury.BREAM: Yeah, it comes down to them and what's so important are these jury instructions. It was kind of wonky last week as they're hammering it out, but we all know those are critical. When you've put together a case, you then go to the jury.Here's what Syracuse Law Professor Gregory Germain says. "Proper jury instructions will identify the separate legal elements of the crime that must be proven for conviction. Improper jury instructions will gloss over the legal issues and make it more likely that a jury who may not like the defendant will convict.So, Trey, what do you make of the back and forth we had over the jury instructions? What exactly did they give the jury by way of making a decision?TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I'm in a little bit of a minority here. I've sat through a hundred different judges giving jury instructions to the jury, and half the time, I didn't know what he or she was talking about. They're incredibly complicated. Lawyers have a hard time following them. I know there are two lawyers on this jury, but ordinarily, there are no lawyers on a jury.I think what jurors usually do is they go with their, quote, "common sense." They go with their intuition. They say, do we think, are we pretty sure this person committed this crime?I will say this to Andy's -- to Andy's point, the jury identifies with the judge. I don't want to say it's Stockholm syndrome, but it's a little bit like that because they are at the beck and call of the judge. The judge protects them. The judge feeds them. So they look at this trial through the prism of the judge's eyes.And look, I've had some pro-prosecution judges in my life, Shannon, but I ain't never seen a judge like this. I mean, he essentially walked in and asked the defense, are you ready? And then he looked at the prosecution and said, are we ready? I mean, that's -- I was in the courtroom twice, two days, and that's what I felt like, is he was a member of the prosecution team.BREAM: Well, "Politico" says this, "To find Trump guilty of a felony level falsification of business documents, the jury must unanimously find that Trump falsified the documents in order to commit or conceal a separate crime, but the jurors do not have to agree on what that separate crime was, according to the way the judge ruled."Andy, I'm not sure that I fully understood an articulation from the prosecution about what that underlying crime is.MCCARTHY: Yeah, well, that's exactly right. You know, your question before, Shannon, about the jury instructions, you know, I agree with Trey that, you know, very often they're very dense to follow. But usually it's not a problem because by the time you get to the end of the case, everybody knows what has to be proved and what the jury is going to be told. Here, we finally get something in the way of telling us exactly what the charge is at the end of the case.We really still don't have a copy of the jury instructions, but the notion that the jury can convict by agreeing to various items on a menu, and they don't have to be unanimous about what that last item is, which we think is a, you know, some variation of a federal campaign finance violation, which, by the way, Bragg doesn't have authority to enforce, but I think the notion that they don't have to be unanimous on that is, you know, that may be the 12th reason why this case should be thrown out.BREAM: And Trey, quickly, if they aren't unanimous, if there's a holdout or two, will the judge send them back? What is an Allen charge? Do you think that may come into play here?GOWDY: It's essentially go back and I'm going to keep you held hostage until you reach a verdict. They're actually frowned upon. Now, we have what's called a modified Allen charge. But look, nobody wants to spend weeks and months and get a hung jury. So the judge is going to say go back and reconsider your position.But I haven't seen Allen charge's work that often. And my prediction is a hung jury -- for some of the reasons, Andy laid out, I still don't know what that other crime is. So, how can you defend yourself if you don't know what the other crime is?SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, it will soon be in the hands of the jury. Andy has two really interesting pieces, diving in and breaking into the minutia of this case out this weekend. Very interesting.And, Trey, we'll see you tonight. Thank you both.GOWDY: Yes, ma'am.ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Thank you.GOWDY: Thank you.BREAM: All right. Up next, last night former president Trump courted potential voters at the libertarian convention. He wants to persuade them to support him in November, but some of them appeared unconvinced. We'll bring in our panel on Trump's forays into non-traditional settings this week.But first, right now at the Pentagon, thousands of motorcyclists are assembling to remember America's military heroes, particularly those missing in action or prisoners of war. Rolling to Remember will soon fill the streets of D.C. on this Memorial Day weekend.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: From the very first day that we take back the White House, I believe we are going to have the four greatest years in the history of our country.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The guy we're running against wants to back up all the -- all the prospects, all the progress he made.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: President Biden and former President Trump offering contrasting visions on the campaign trail.It's time now for our Sunday group, "Axios" political reporter Stef Kight. Mollie Hemingway, "The Federalist" editor-in-chief. Former Obama campaign foreign policy adviser, David Tafuri. And Howie Kurtz, media critic and host of "MEDIA BUZZ" on the Fox News Channel. Good to see you all on a Memorial Day weekend. Thank you for coming in.Howie, I want to start with you. President Trump is getting a lot of attention for going into some non-traditional spaces, not only the Bronx, but the libertarian convention.And if you guys saw, there was a little bit of an undercurrent of not full agreement. I wouldn't say flat-out booing, but definitely some backlash to some of the things he said.How is this playing, his willingness to go to these places?HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes, and he went to blue state of Minnesota.Look, the mere fact that he went there, he's not going to win New York City. He's not going to win New York State. But he sends a message, a symbol of urban decay, the South Bronx, that he cares about the problems of minority voters.And it was a curveball. It surprised a lot of people. And he mostly told stories about projects, but he said he was going to try to rebuild New York City. So it send a powerful signal.It was struck, Shannon, by the contrast with President Biden's Morehouse College speech, which kind of played on the politics of victimhood. The president said that, what is democracy if black men are killed on the street? What is democracy if you have to be 10 times better than anyone else to get a fair shot? This is the guy who served under the nation's first black president.BREAM: Yes. And the "New York Post" added, editorial board piece, that really touched on that and did analysis there too. They said, "Biden's speech at Morehouse College was an appeal to victimhood, claiming that America has been and always will be a racist nation. Trump is pitching opportunity a better life. People don't just want to let me of what's wrong. They want to know how you're going to improve their lives."And, Mollie, the Trump camp says that's what his Bronx message was.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. It was really striking to compare these two speeches that happened to be during this same week. And it really does explain why president Trump is getting so much more of the black vote and the brown vote than other Republicans are.His message is one of opportunity focusing on economic opportunity and talking about how no matter what your skin color is, this is a great country.And you saw with President Biden that was a very dark, divisive, racial grievance speech. It was kind of surprising how dark it was. And I'm not sure, you know, it has worked very well for Democrats to play up racial grievances in the past, but I'm not sure how well that'll work compared to what Trump is selling.BREAM: Well, and what we heard from people in the Bronx in the -- in the spot that President Trump went to since this show, 65 percent Hispanic and probably about 31 percent on black residents in that area.But what we heard from a lot of them is they are concerned about what everybody's concerned about the economy providing for their kids a future, all of those things. The economy is one place that the polling continues to be really tough for President Biden.But "The New York Times" tells us Paul Krugman that, quote, "The economy isn't actually bad. In fact, it's in remarkably good shape. Yet, somehow, there's a pervasive sense that the economy is bad in that sense, not economic reality or even personal experience is what's hurting Biden's campaign."Stef, how do they feel about it at the White House? Because they -- I know a lot of times they feel like he doesn't get credit for the good things that happen.STEF KIGHT, AXIOS POLITICS REPORTER: I mean, certainly, Biden and his advisors are frustrated by the fact that they feel like. They've seen the economy starting to improve. That they're starting to see some of these numbers.They point to job growth. You know, they see as inflation as improving. It's not as bad as it was a couple of years ago. And they want to get more credit for that.But the reality is when it comes to how people view the economy, inflation is the biggest indicator. And people feel like they are spending more than they used to. And that's going to be a huge issue for Biden. It's something that he's going to have to overcome before November.Because, you know, you look at fast food prices, for example.BREAM: Mm-hmm.KIGHT: Axios has covered this and that's a huge issue for Biden. When it comes to working class Americans, they feel like their money is not going as far under Biden.And when it comes -- you know, they don't care as much about big economic macro trends. They care about being able to buy fast food for their kids. Go out on a Sunday afternoon.BREAM: Yes, it's true.So here's the headline for Fox Business. Nearly 80 percent of Americans now consider fast food a luxury due to high prices.In our Fox News poll that says, is this a problem for your family? So this gets to the question whether there's a perception the country's having trouble versus you are actually having trouble.Grocery prices, 89 percent of people in this poll said that it is a problem for them followed by gas prices, 84 percent.And, David, you can go through the whole list there. We can talk foreign policy. That's your specialty. But you know when people go to vote, somebody once said, it's the economy, stupid.DAVID TAFURI, FORMER OBAMA CAMPAIGN FOREIGN POLICY ADVISER: That's right. I agree with Paul Krugman. The economy is good and it's been good for the entire Biden term and it's because there are a lot of jobs.BREAM: Wait, wait, wait. Nine percent inflation.TAFURI: Inflation has come down and -- but unemployment has --BREAM: OK. But you can't say it's good the entire time.TAFURI: But unemployment is at historic lows.But what -- I also agree with Paul Krugman that people don't think it's good.BREAM: Mm-hmm.TAFURI: So President Biden has six months to make the case that it is actually better than people think.And he's going to have to be able to do that in order to win.I don't think it's a big deal that people aren't able to go to fast food. I think it's a big deal that their grocery prices are high and that's also impacting them.And but, you know, the Biden's recent visit, he was at West Point yesterday and he was talking about foreign policy.And I think foreign policy is going to be more important in this campaign than it has been in any recent presidential election. Because at the end of this campaign, people are going to be looking for instance at Ukraine and they have president Trump who said, he's going to end the war in Ukraine. He's not going to provide support to Ukraine. And President Biden is going to be steadfast supporter of Ukraine.We also have issues with China and we're going to see a big comparison between Biden and Trump on who's tougher on China.HEMINGWAY: Well, that's bad news for Biden. If it's going to be a referendum on foreign policy, because of how chaotic things are.But you referenced, Shannon, that famous line from the Bill Clinton campaign, it's the economy, stupid. Or yet the economy, stupid.James Carville who --BREAM: Mm-hmm.HEMINGWAY: -- came up with that said, Democrats are not going to win with this strategy, which is you're stupid for caring about the economy not --BREAM: Well, he also said recently, as we talked about on this show, that when he looked at some of the recent Biden polling numbers, he said it was like seeing your grandma naked. It was scary and you couldn't forget it.Listen, I credit him for the pithiness, not me.Quickly.KURTZ: But, you know, I mean, Joe Biden is hardly the first president to use federal goodies to try to buy votes.BREAM: Mm-hmm.KURTZ: But what's particularly egregious is this forgiving of student debt because the courts had blocked it. He found a legal workaround.And, yes, that doesn't do anything for people. Didn't go to college or went to college and paid their way or have already repaid their student debt.BREAM: Yes. Still gets to that economic question.All right. A lot more with the panel.Up next though, a heated congressional showdown. A former top advisor to Dr. Anthony Fauci confronted with e-mails that appear to show him talking about getting around the Freedom of Information Act, hiding communications and the heat of the battle to find out what led to the COVID pandemic. Our panel on that, next.And now, images of the Navy's point weekend New York Harbor this week, thousands of sailors, marines and coast guard members in the Big Apple this holiday weekend.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. BRAD WENSTRUP (R-OH): Government officials hiding from, we the people, is not the American way.REP. KWEISI MFUME (D-MD): You want to take the Fifth Amendment? I mean, you don't seem to remember anything. And I just -- I find that amazing.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Republican Congressman Brad Wenstrup and Democratic Congressman Kweisi Mfume during a fiery House hearing on Wednesday.Lawmakers grilling Doctor David Morens - you see him there -- was a former top advisor to Dr. Anthony Fauci, after releasing several of his emails that seemed to reveal alarming Covid-era communications.We're back now with the panel.So, let me put a couple of these up so people know what we're talking about here. One of the emails comes from David Morens Gmail. It says, "we've got to be careful. I learned from our FOIA lady," that's Freedom of Information Act, "lady here how to make emails disappear after I am FOIA'd but before the search starts, so I think we are all safe. Plus, I deleted most of those earlier emails after sending them to Gmail."Here's another email from him produced by the House committee saying this, "I learned the tricks last year from an old friend, Marg Moore, who heads our FOIA office and also hates FOIAs."So, Molly, the person who's supposed to make you comply with, you know, transparent communications, according to these emails, looks like was telling them how to get around it.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, "THE FEDERALIST" EDITOR IN CHIEF AND FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Definitely looks like that from these emails, which show sort of what a permanent, unelected bureaucracy can do to control information in D.C. and really control so much of what happens here.But it's also important that we not forget what these emails were about. They were about - about how we were funding some of the work that was happening in China that related to Covid and suppressing any discussion of the origins of Covid. That is a very serious issue. It - the delays that we have had in getting full information mean that we cannot hold China fully accountable for what was going on here. And it really showed here, in some of these emails, criminal behavior by some of our own people.BREAM: Well, and how concerned are you, David, about the -the, you know, national security and foreign relations implications with China and beyond?DAVID TAFURI, FORMER OBAMA CAMPAIGN FOREIGN POLICY ADVISER AND FORMER STATE DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL: I am. So, first of all, this was shameful. FOIA is a federal act. It's actually - you can be accused - you can be convicted of a crime for violating it. And he's just speaking openly about how he's going around FOIA.But I also agree with Mollie that the substance of what he was potentially hiding is about whether China reacted appropriately when it discovered the virus and weather China is at fault for its safety measures in this virology lab. And I don't think Covid is going to be on the ballot in 2024. However, I do think that one thing that remains that American people deserve to know is weather China acted appropriately. And if they didn't, that needs to be disclosed for everyone so that China doesn't do this in the future.BREAM: Yes, and I think the American funding stream part of the question is what people would like to know about as well.All right, I want to play Dr. Morens, after he was confronted with these emails. Here was his explanations.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. David MORENS, NIAID SENIOR SCIENTIFIC ADVISER: Well, some of the emails I've seen that you all have provided look pretty incriminating. I - I don't know what they are. I don't remember them. But, yes, it looks like I made a mistake on more than one occasion. But it certainly wasn't my intention to do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: So Stef, to the question of intention. It sounds like he is saying, this is how we get around FOIA, or somebody's told me how to do it.STEF KIGHT, POLITICS REPORTER, "AXIOS": Yes. And, I mean, as someone who has submitted FOIA requests as a journalist -BREAM: Yes.KIGHT: It is a very frustrating process. It takes a very long time. And it - it is hard to believe that these agencies are actually following the rules of FOIA and providing information that you want. So, in some ways, reading some of these emails, it was kind of confirming to me that, yes, they don't always take this seriously and there are ways to get around that, and it is frustrating.I think seeing both Republicans and Democrats really criticized Morens over these emails was notable. We so rarely see bipartisan agreement on issues like this. And so this is - this is a serious thing. It's about the subject matter and also just the fact that FOIA exists to allow journalists and the public to understand how the government is working. And this is clear evidence, it appears very clear, that they're at least joking about getting around it, which also is not appropriate and potentially actually preventing information from (INAUDIBLE).HOWARD KURTZ, HOST, "MEDIA BUZZ": Well, it's no joke.BREAM: Well, and for any of us who have filed a FOIA request, when you get it back and it's like all blacked out -KIGHT: Blacked out.KURTZ: Redacted, yes.BREAM: Everything but like one sentence. I mean it's a frustrating process.KURTZ: But it looks - it looks incriminating because it is incriminating. And my favorite line from the correspondences where Dr. Morens says, by the way, Tony and I, Fauci, just got a huge Freedom of Information Request regarding Wuhan Institute. And the irony here is that the government now acknowledges there was at least a very good chance that this did originate in that Chinese lab. In other words, the deep dark secret that he was trying to keep, now everybody has changed their position on. Many -BREAM: So -KURTZ: Many people have changed their position on.BREAM: Yes, they have. And when they see emails like this and have hearings like this, I think a lot of people - it was such a painful period of time for all of us. Like, we want to move past it. But there are some lawmakers on The Hill who feel like there's still some questions that need to be answered.Lawmakers also working in a bipartisan way on something else, this issue of Americans being held in Turks and Caicos. The first one, Bryan Hagerich, came home last night, maybe it was Friday night, in Pittsburgh. This was the scene as he was reunited with his kids. I have imagine - admit, David, when I watched this the first time, very teary-eyed. But we still have three Americans in Turks who, under their laws, are being held for a violation of those laws. But we're trying to get them home.TAFURI: That's right, moving video there. I'm glad he's been released. I think the State Department worked very hard to get him released.What's at issue here is that when you go to a foreign country you have to comply with the laws. You shouldn't be treated worse than its citizens, but you shouldn't be treated better either.So, what happened here is that Turks and Caicos has very strict gun laws, in part because it wants to attract tourists. It doesn't want crime. It doesn't want Americans to fear going to the Caribbean because of crime.But, unfortunately, he's caught up in this. He did this by mistake. He just had some ammunition. That can happen, especially if you're a hunter. And so it was resolved appropriately, which is, he was sentenced, but it was a suspended sentence which allowed him to go home and hoping the other three will be coming home soon as well.BREAM: Well, and quickly, Mollie, some folks don't think the State worked hard enough on this, although, you know, we've got one home and - and the others look promising.HEMINGWAY: Yes. Well, the United States has some authority here and some influence that I do think people wish could have been applied sooner. This man was facing really, you know, what was it, 12 years -BREAM: A minimum of 12 years in jail.HEMINGWAY: Yes. And, yes, you do have the respect these laws. You also have to have some common sense. And we did not see that here.BREAM: Howie.KURTZ: Well, I fail to understand why anybody would show up with ammunition in their baggage. I mean they must know that this is illegal under the laws. And, you know, it's a sovereign nation. We can't tell them what to do.BREAM: Right.KURTZ: But I think it's a very encouraging sign that this one gentleman was able to return home. And I hope and expect that we'll see the other Americans home soon.BREAM: Yes, and the woman there, apparently she grabbed a bag, didn't even realize there was a bullet that got caught in lining of a bag or something. So, I mean, there are a lot of explanations here, but we'll see whether she gets the same level of deference.KIGHT: Yes. Yes, and we know, you know, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle also visited Turks and Caicos, really pushing for - pushing this, raising awareness. And - and two points made, you know, Turks and Caicos has an incentive to also release -BREAM: Yes.KIGHT: These Americans and show that they're willing to work with our government and encourage American tourists to continue visiting.BREAM: I was there earlier this year. It is beautiful. But now I'm going to quadruple check anything that I take with me on my next trip.Panel, thank you very much. We'll see you next Sunday.Up next, the very import work one group is doing to honor fallen servicemembers and their families this Memorial Day weekend. And there's a way you can get involved too. We're going to tell you about that.We're also remembering those at rest at Arlington National Cemetery. A beautiful day there just across the Potomac River from us here in Washington.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: That's a live look in Arlington, Virginia, as thousands of bikers prepare to take part in Rolling to Remember. Participants from across the country gather at the Pentagon nearby and they'll ride through The Mall area in Washington to honor veterans and those missing in action, prisoners of war as well.Well, First Lieutenant Travis Manion was killed protecting his fellow Marines in an ambush in Iraq in 2007. His courageous actions allowed every other member of his patrol to survive that day. The Travis Manion Foundation was started to honor his service and to bring together thousands of veterans and families of fallen heroes. Each your on Memorial Day the foundation assembles its Honor Project where volunteers across the country pause, reflect and honor those who sacrificed their lives in the line of duty.I sat down to Travis' sister Ryan, CEO of the Travis Manion Foundation, to talk about the mission of the organization and the expansion of this year's Honor Projects. It's all this week's Sunday special.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BREAM: Let's talk Memorial Day. It's one of those reminders as your foundation is focused on your brother, the sacrifice he made. You've now spread that to touch so many other people and families. And for people who cannot visit the gravesites of their loved ones say here at Arlington National Cemetery or many other places, you have the Honor Project. Tell us about that.RYAN MANION, CEO, TRAVIS MANION FOUNDATION: So, the Honor Project started out as one young woman, Emily Domenech, who during Covid started visiting gravesites and people started tweeting her saying, could you visit my grandfather, could you visit my brother, whatever it was. And - and so she ended up, during Covid, that day, on Memorial Day, visited hundreds of gravesites.She came to us and said, listen, this is something that I think we could really expand. So, the Travis Manion Foundation took over her original initiative. We coined it the Honor Project. And today we have 46 cemeteries that are participating where volunteers can go and pay tribute to our fallen service members. And families know that their loved ones are being visited on Memorial Day.BREAM: That's a beautiful thing because there are a lot of reasons they may not be able to travel, for finance, their health, for distance, whatever it is. Have you been surprised how the - the asking for this, the input for this has grown over those - since Emily had this first idea during Covid?MANION: I don't think I am surprised because I think for a long time people have been looking for a way. You know, it's always, we drive in, don't forget what Memorial Day's about. But there's not a lot of tangible things that we can do as Americans to honor that. And so for us, we gave an opportunity for families to bring their kids, to teach the next generation, this is what Memorial Day means, right? So, take them out to the cemetery in the morning and then enjoy the pool in the afternoon.But - and then, as a Gold Star sister myself, I won't be at Arlington on Monday, but I know that somebody is going to walk up to my brother's gravestone and say his name, and he's going to be remembered in that way. And as a Gold Star sister, that means everything.BREAM: What does this mean to a loved one, to know that somebody - if they can't physically be there, that someone is going to say that name and remember that person?MANION: You know, I always say, for me, I remember Memorial Day weekends when my brother was here. And we were doing the things that all of us enjoy so much. We were at the beach. We were with family, having parties, kicking off the unofficial beginning of summer.But, today, I recognize that all of those summers and Memorial Day weekends I had the opportunity to do that are because of the men and women that have given their lives in service for our country.And so I think we have an obligation, as Americans, to take one moment out of that entire weekend and understand why the weekend exists.And so I say, if you can't show up at an Honor Project location, go online and learn the story of a fallen service member. And as you're cracking open the - open a beer at the pool with your friends and family, like, share that story with your neighbor and make sure that these stories and, you know, the stories of my brother and all of the men and women who have died in service to our country, that their - their names live on.BREAM: Ryan, thank you.MANION: Thank you so much.(END VIDEOTAPE)BREAM: And you can find out a lot more information and offer to help if you want by visiting travismanion.org. It's not too late for this Memorial Day.A quick note, my podcast, "Livin' the Bream," drops today. This week I sat down with Tracie Potts, a journalist and education advocate who says the report cards that you are getting right now, they're not actually telling you the full story about how your kids are doing. We talk about the questions you should be asking. "Livin' the Bream" anywhere you like to get your podcast.That's it for us today. Thank you for joining us. I'm Shannon Bream. Remember how blessed we are this Memorial Day weekend, and we'll see you next FOX NEWS SUNDAY.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)