HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Michael Jordan trading card sold for $2.9 million on Saturday. It's the only one, first one went to him wearing the Chicago Bulls jersey.But the all time -- all time Carta was Mickey Mantle, $12.6 million back in 2020.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I can't believe I threw mine away.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I'd rather have the cow. Have a great night, everybody.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening from Washington. I'm Gillian Turner in for Bret Baier tonight.Dramatic testimony in the Hunter Biden federal gun crimes trial today about the level of drug addiction that ensnared the president's son prior to his recovery.And this, the Attorney General has a contentious hearing up on Capitol Hill over allegations he has weaponized the Justice Department.Tonight, we also talked to the father of an American held hostage for eight months now by Hamas terrorists.But first, breaking tonight, President Biden facing intense pressures now signed an executive order tamping down on the border crisis or at least trying to. The move could partially shut down asylum processing along the southern border. New policy comes less than five months after the president said he had already done everything he possibly could about the border crisis.Tonight, we'll show you another example of just how wide open certain sectors of the southern border remain as hundreds crossing into the U.S. overnight without any resistance.We've got Fox team coverage, Bill Melugin is in Southern California with that exclusive video from overnight but we begin with White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich. Hi, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Gillian. The U.S. has eclipsed the surge threshold of an average 2,500 illegal crossings per day over the course of a week.So, this goes into effect at midnight tonight. The U.S. will stop processing asylum claims with exceptions and deport those who come anyway with a five year ban on reentering. And so far, the president's getting little praise.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This action will help us to gain control of our border, restore order to the process. HEINRICH (voice over): It's a reversal from this in January.BIDEN: I've done all I can do.HEINRICH (voice over): And this in April of last year.ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, SECRETARY, HOMELAND SECURITY: It is my testimony that the border is secure.HEINRICH (voice over): Five months out from the election, President Biden has temporarily shut down the U.S. asylum system with executive powers effective at midnight until illegal crossings dip below an average of 1,500 per day.Those who cross anyway will be deported within hours to days unless they're an unaccompanied minor meet a heightened standard of credible fear or have other lawful permission to enter such as through the CBP One app. Republicans pointing to the eight million illegal crossings under Biden decry the timing.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a little late. You can't make this cat walk backwards.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This stuff is not going to save your political life.REP. DAN CRENSHAW (R-TX): I'm not going to bash improvements in policy, but the politics of it are really obvious.HEINRICH (voice over): Parts of Biden's base similarly upset including progressives and immigration advocacy groups. The ACLU is suing saying it will severely restrict people's legal right to seek asylum, putting tens of thousands of lives at risk, a concern Biden also had when Trump used the same statute to ban migrants from Muslim countries until the courts blocked it.BIDEN: They're shutting in squalor on the other side of the river.HEINRICH (voice over): Biden today defending his choice.BIDEN: For those who say the steps I've taken are too strict, I say to you that be patient, and good will of the American people are going to -- we are wearing thin right now. Doing nothing is not an option. We have to act.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): The president framed his decision as leadership in the face of Republican opposition led by Trump who wanted to weaponize the issue in the election. Former president said today on Truth Social that Biden was just making this move for show because he knows there's a debate coming up in three weeks, Gillian.TURNER: So, Jacqui, there's also this reporting now that Biden believes the Israeli prime minister, despite everything he's saying may not actually want the war in Gaza to end. Tell us about that.HEINRICH: Yes, the president made that suggestion in an interview with Time Magazine that was published today, but actually it was conducted a week ago, he was asked whether Netanyahu in his mind is prolonging the war in order to hold on to power and the president said, there's every reason for people to believe that but today he put it differently. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Is Prime Minister Netanyahu playing politics with the war?BIDEN: I don't think so. He's trying to work out a serious problem he has.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: Today, the House approved sanctions against the ICC for issuing arrest warrants for Netanyahu and other Israeli leaders. That bipartisan vote overwhelmingly passed but it is unlikely to get a vote in the Democrat controlled Senate. Even though Biden called The ICC's war crimes allegations outrageous, Gillian.TURNER: All right, Jacqui Heinrich at the White House for us tonight. Thank you.HEINRICH: Thanks.TURNER: The head of the FBI now was warning of the dangers of allowing unchecked immigration across the southern border. Christopher Wray today giving testimony up on Capitol Hill talked about how suspected terrorists are now entering the country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FBI: As we have less collection overseas against foreign terrorism. There's less -- there's less sources of information to inform people -- about people coming in.So, in other words, somebody could be coming in who should be watched listed. But isn't.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Now, we have new images of migrants crossing the border into a remote area of Southern California, which is where we find Correspondent Bill Melugin. He is showing us tonight from Jacumba.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): A remarkable site in San Diego County early this morning as a mass of hundreds of migrants from all around the world crossed illegally into Jacumba, California at 1:30 a.m. They face no resistance on either side of the border, walking around the Mexican military and through a gap in the border wall. Some not knowing where they are or where to find Border Patrol.MELUGIN: This is America. See the red lights? That's Border Patrol?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Tijuana?MELUGIN: No, no, no, no, no. San Diego. See the lights?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: San Diego. OK, thank you.MELUGIN (voice over): Most of them single adult men from Asia and Africa and including some special interest aliens designated by DHS is coming from countries with potential security concerns.MELUGIN: Where are you guys from? What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mauritania.MELUGIN: Mauritania from Africa?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: Yes, so why did you guys come to the United States?What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nepal.MELUGIN: Nepal. All of you from Nepal?What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Vietnam.MELUGIN: Vietnam. What country you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mauritania.MELUGIN: Mauritanians?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: Where you guys from? What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN (voice over): Initially, there was only one Border Patrol agent on scene trying to corral the hundreds of migrants, while many of them could be seen posing for photos in front of the border wall, treating it as a tourist attraction as they celebrate entering America and breaking into laws. Some local political leaders are fed up.BILL WELLS, MAYOR OF EL CAJON, CALIFORNIA: There's a lot of unrest of people not knowing who these people are, why they're here, what their intentions are or where they've gone. There's been a veil of secrecy from the federal government that makes everybody pretty uneasy.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Gillian, earlier today, ICE confirmed via statement to Fox News that the suspect accused of shooting two NYPD officers yesterday is in fact an illegal alien from Venezuela who was caught and released at the border in Eagle Pass, Texas last summer July 2023.ICE adds on top of that, a DOJ immigration judge dismissed his entire immigration case last month, yet another example of no consequences for crossing the border illegally. We'll send it back to you.TURNER: All right, Bill Melugin in Jacumba, California for us today. Thank you.Take a look at this testimony underway now in the criminal trial of President Biden's son Hunter, he stands accused of three federal gun crimes. He was in court today for the second day of his trial.Correspondent David Spunt is in Wilmington, Delaware tonight covering it. Hi, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Gillian. Good evening.Hunter Biden's physical laptop. The one surrounded by so much controversy was physically held up in court today as a piece of evidence. It's something that prosecutors used today and will continue to use to the jury in the days ahead.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT (voice over): Hunter Biden left the federal courthouse in Wilmington, Delaware after a dramatic moment when jurors heard the president's son, in his own words, discussed his drug addiction.Prosecutors played portions of Hunter's audio memoir beautiful things of the quotes played in Hunter's voice, "Crack takes you into the darkest recesses of your soul as well as the darkest corners of every community."His sister Ashley Biden seen getting emotional with the First Lady Jill Biden putting her arm around her. Prosecutors told jurors while drug addiction may not be a choice, owning a gun as a drug user and lying to buy that gun is a choice.Jurors saw this gun form. Hunter's attorney Abbe Lowell told the jury today that the president's son was abusing alcohol, not drugs when he bought the handgun. He owned it for 11 days.Local claims Hunter was rushed by a local sales clerk at the Wilmington, Delaware store. Lowell told jurors the Special Counsel cannot establish a chain of custody of the gun pouch that had what is alleged to be cocaine residue, putting blame on Hunter sister-in-law, Hallie Biden his late brother's widow. Lowell insists Hallie Biden panicked when she found the gun in Hunter's car, put it in a pouch and threw it in a garbage can outside a local grocery store.(END VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT (on camera): And prosecutors showed a text message from Hunter Biden to Hallie Biden the day after he purchased that gun in 2018 where he allegedly told her that he was meeting with a local drug dealer behind a baseball park here in Wilmington, Delaware.And according to his book around that time, Hunter says that he was involved in smoking crack roughly every 15 minutes, Hallie Biden will eventually be a witness in this case, and tomorrow, we will likely hear from his ex-wife, Kathleen. Gillian.TURNER: Well, David Spunt in Wilmington, Delaware again for us tonight. Thank you.Attorney General Merrick Garland now is responding to allegations he has weaponized the Justice Department against conservatives. He's also standing his ground against demands to turn over audio recordings of President Biden's now infamous interview with special counsel Robert Hur.Garland faces a possible contempt of Congress charged and was the focus of intense hearing -- an intense hearing today up on Capitol Hill. That's where senior Congressional Correspondent Chad Pergram is tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Attorney General Merrick Garland mum in the hallway.Unman Are you going to kind of punch back against what they're trying to do on contempt?PERGRAM (voice over): But Garland defiant in the hearing room.MERRICK GARLAND, U.S. ATTORNEY GENERAL: I will not be intimidated.PERGRAM (voice over): Republicans contend Garland weaponized the Justice Department against former President Trump.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Many Americans believe there's now a double standard in our justice system. They believe that because there is.PERGRAM (voice over): Former President Trump asserted that Garland authorized the FBI to use deadly force during its raid on Mar-a-Lago. But Garland dismisses that characterization.GARLAND: The document that's being discussed is our standard use of force protocol and was part of the package for the search of President Biden's home as well.PERGRAM (voice over): He described GOP accusations of bias as a right-wing conspiracy theory.GARLAND: An attack on the rule of law tears down people's confidence in the basic fundamental element of our democracy.PERGRAM (voice over): Garland said he never personally listened to the audio tape from the interviews Special Counsel Robert Hur conducted with the president, saying the department only altered the transcript to eliminate repetitive or filler words. But Republicans say that's precisely why they want to hear the tapes.REP. ANDY BIGGS (R-AZ): The transcript may be accurate. But you know what, the audio would tell us so much more.REP. DAN BISHOP (R-NC): Whether it reveals things about his capacity, or his veracity, or anything else.PERGRAM (voice over): Democrats contend the DOJ just doesn't target Republicans, citing prosecutions of democratic New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez and Texas Democrat Henry Cuellar.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): The full House has not voted to hold Garland in contempt. It may never do so. The H lacks the votes, Gillian.TURNER: All right. Chad Pergram on Capitol Hill tonight for us. Thank you very much.PERGRAM: Thank you.TURNER: Stocks today were up, the Dow gained 140, S&P finished ahead eight and NASDAQ rose 28.Up next, our latest Power Rankings, plus the Montana Senate race. How former President Trump's conviction has now become a political weapon against the Democratic incumbent.First let's take a look at what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.First, Fox 32 in Chicago, opponents and supporters of controversial Dolton Village Mayor Tiffany Henyard almost come to blows. Police there had to break up the skirmish at a hastily called town hall meeting Monday. Trustees voted 4-2 to reinstate former Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot investigation into Henyard's activities overriding the mayor's veto.And this, Fox 5 in Atlanta, officials there continued grappling with the after effects of a massive water pipe bust over the weekend. Parts of Atlanta had been without water since Friday. A boil advisory is still in effect. Part of that damage pipe that caused a series of water main breaks has been removed and replaced.Finally, this is a live look at San Diego from Fox 5, one of the big stories there tonight. Padres infielder Tucupita Marcano is banned from baseball for life for betting on the sport.Four other players have been suspended for one year by Major League Baseball in the game's biggest gambling scandal in decades.Also this, tonight former interpreter for baseball star Shohei Ohtani pleads guilty to bank and tax fraud admitting to stealing nearly $17 million from the Japanese player.That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back. Wisconsin Attorney General Josh Kaul, now, has filed felony forgery charges against two attorneys and an aide, who allegedly submitted paperwork falsely saying, former President Trump won the battleground state back in 2020.The men are accused of delivering that paperwork to a Pennsylvania Congressman staffer in order to get it to then-Vice President Mike Pence back on January 6th, 2021. The defendants have not commented publicly.And this, former President Trump has asked the judge in his just concluded criminal trial to lift the gag order in place that prevents him from speaking about certain witnesses, jurors, and others associated with the case.Trump was found guilty on all 34 counts by a jury. He is vowing to appeal.And some big news, former President Trump maintains his slight edge in the latest Fox News Power Rankings. He is projected to have 251 Electoral College votes to President Biden's 241.That forecast continues to see the race coming down to four toss-up states that's Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Arizona, and Nevada. Four other states are highly competitive. Michigan, Minnesota, Georgia, and North Carolina.The first Fox News Power Rankings issues tracker shows voters back former President Trump to handle the economy and secure the border. They also believe he's more physically and mentally fit than President Biden.But Biden does lead Trump on handling abortion rights and protecting democracy. Voters also think he is more honest than the former president.Primary elections are being held today in a handful of states, one of them being Montana, where one Republican Senate candidate now is trying to turn former President Trump's conviction into a liability for the Democratic incumbent.Congressional Correspondent Aishah Hasnie reports tonight from Big Sky Montana.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Hours before Montanans hit the polls --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They want to throw Trump in jail.HASNIE (voice over): Trump endorsed Navy SEAL Tim Sheehy was out with the first of its kind ad, tying incumbent Democrat Senator Jon Tester to former President Trump's New York conviction.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And John tester is standing right by their side.HASNIE (voice over): The two men are expected to clinch their party's nominations for Senate tonight.Tester has not yet commented on the conviction, which party leaders say will help Republicans flip the Senate.SEN. STEVE DAINES (R-MT): I think this is something that's going to help candidates in states like Montana, Ohio, and others.HASNIE (voice over): The left is hitting Sheehy hard for being from out of state, because he didn't grow up in Montana, moving there in 2014.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Buys of fancy hat.HASNIE (voice over): Sheehy, says a vote for Tester is a vote for Biden.TIIM SHEEHY (R), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE, MONTANA: He is a party line voter. 100 percent Planned Parenthood, D from the NRA, 95 percent lockstep voting record with Joe Biden.HASNIE (voice over): Tester disputes that.SEN. JON TESTER (D-MT), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: I've worked with anybody who work with me. Donald Trump signed 20 of my bills, or more actually than 20.HASNIE: A big wildcard here are the number of new Montanans that moved here to the Big Sky State during COVID, from places like Washington, Oregon, and California, and nobody has a clue how they are going vote.HASNIE (voice over): While Dems criticize Sheehy for coming to Montana later on in life, Tester is not shy about appealing to the state's newcomers. It's why he is out spending Sheehy 3-1 to introduce himself to these new voters.But at the end of the day, the issues will matter the most.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nationally, I'm concerned obviously about immigration.JANA PETERSON, VOTER, MONTANA: I'm thinking about abortion is going to be on the ballot. I'm thinking about Palestine. I'm thinking about the economy.HASNIE (voice over): In Montana, I'm Aishah Hasnie, Fox News.(END VIDEOTAPE)TURNER: Well, coming up next, the latest on the Israel Hamas ceasefire negotiations. More hostages are confirmed dead while in Hamas captivity. And we'll talk with the father of an American who is still, right now, held by Hamas terrorists.First, ""BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. Let's take a look.India's Election Commission says that the coalition led by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has won India's general election. Modi says his party, the National Democratic Alliance will form the government for the third consecutive time.And China says its lunar spacecraft has unfurled the country's red and gold flag for the first time on the far side of the moon. The probe touchdown Sunday earlier today. It left the surface with rock and soil samples that will be brought back down to earth.And this, a live look at Westfjords, Iceland one of the big stories there tonight as a volcano in southwestern Iceland that is continuing to spurt lava several days after it erupted for the fifth time since December.The popular Blue Lagoon geothermal spa, one of Iceland's biggest tourist attractions has reopened now after our authority said the nearby volcano had stabilized.These, just some of the stories "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back. Tonight, we are learning four more hostages held by Hamas since October 8th have now been confirmed dead. The list includes three men who were seen in a Hamas video, pleading for their lives.Also, this evening an update on the search for an end to the ongoing eight- month war in Gaza.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is being urged to accept the U.S. proposed peace deal. He is also being threatened by others who are adamantly against it.Correspondent Trey Yingst is in Tel Aviv tonight with the latest.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Diplomatic efforts to reach a ceasefire in Gaza are intensifying. Qatari negotiators anxiously await confirmation on a plan laid out Friday by President Biden.MAJED AL-ANSARI, QATARI FOREIGN MINISTRY: You are looking now into concrete answers from both sides over their current suggestions. And we are hopeful that we can get them.YINGST: Biden framed the ceasefire plan as an Israeli proposal, but Israel's political parties remain divided. Today, the two ultraorthodox parties came in support of a deal with Hamas as the two farthest right parties continue to threaten to collapse the government if a deal moves forward by breaking up Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's coalition.The increasing pressure on Netanyahu not only coming from different parties but also from the general public, who, once again, took to the streets over the weekend calling for a deal. On the battlefield, Israeli forces launched a new operation in central Gaza this afternoon as they go after Hamas cells that regrouped in recent months. And overnight, the Israeli military announced it had confirmed the deaths of four Israelis who were being held by Hamas in Gaza.REAR ADMIRAL DANIEL HAGARI, ISRAELI DEFENSE FORCES (through translator): We are thoroughly examining the circumstances of their death and checking all possibilities. We will present soon the findings first to their families and then to the public.(END VIDEO TAPE)YINGST (on camera): With activity continuing on the southern front, Israeli alertness remains high in the north amid new rocket fire from Hezbollah that sparked widespread fires along the border with Lebanon. Gillian?TURNER: Trey Yingst in Tel Aviv for us tonight, thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RONEN NEUTRA, FATHER OF AMERICAN HOSTAGE: This is not just an Israeli problem. This is not just an American problem. This is a global humanitarian issue. And it needs to be resolved. And right now, as everybody spoke, there is a deal on the table, and it must be accepted by all parties.MATTHEW MILLER, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN: The deal is in front of Hamas. It is to Hamas to accept or reject or come back and say they want to further negotiate the deal. But it is just the facts of it that Israel has agreed to this proposal and it now stands with Hamas.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Joining us now is Ronen Neutra. He's the father of 22-year-old American hostage Omer Neutra. Ronen, you are joining us today after a series of meetings, high stakes meetings. Today you met with the national security adviser at the White House. You were up on Capitol Hill. What's your feedback? How did you feel the tone was in the meetings? Did you get information you needed? Any thoughts on the meetings?NEUTRA: Well, we -- the American hostage families, it's eight of us, five of which are considered alive and three have been murdered. We constantly meet with the White House. We have access to the national security adviser, and it's been maybe the eighth meeting we have held with him. RRight now, obviously, there is a deal on the table, and we are cautiously optimistic that both parties are motivated to reach a deal. There is tremendous pressure put by the U.S. administration as well as their mediators on the parties involved to try reach a deal. And it is time. It's money time. We are eight months in, and, as you just said, every day we hear about more and more hostages dying. My son has been in captivity for eight months. He is 22 years old. He deserves a life. He deserves to go out and continue with his life. And we are fighting the fight and telling everybody that those people must come to their families.TURNER: Well, we all know, the U.S. public knows that the Biden administration feels newly sort of invigorated by the current cease-fire deal that's on the table of which hostage -- complete hostage release of everybody is like a core component. We're hearing reports now that the Israelis are feeling newly optimistic and sort of reinvigorated about the prospects for this. Have you learned anything about where Hamas is on the deal today, or do you have any thoughts about where they might be in all of this?NEUTRA: Well, I think we'll have to wait and see. Nobody really knows what Sinwar is thinking.TURNER: No. We don't.NEUTRA: The deal will bring relief to the people in Gaza. And this is really up to him to decide whether he wants to help his own people or whether he's still insisting on keeping the hostages and making Israel look bad in front of the world as if they started it.Let's remember, the Hamas started the war by killing 1,200 innocent people, among them 45 Americans, 12 Americans were taken as part of 240 hostages. Eight are still in captivity. The release of the hostages is the initial step to bring peace and stability to the area, and to allow the people in Gaza to have some relief and get humanitarian support and get their life back just as well as we want our son back.TURNER: Very quickly before I let you go, we are learning from "Axios" that the CIA director and Brett McGurk, who is President Biden's top Middle East adviser, are traveling to the Middle East to try to get this deal across the finish line. What message do you want them to take to Hamas through the interlocuters?NEUTRA: Don't give up. Put all the pressure you can. As I said before, this is crunch time. We need bring the deal. The people are dying there, and I'm not sure there will be another opportunity. It has to be done and it has to be done now.TURNER: All right, well-said. Thank you very much for joining us, Ronen. Our thoughts and prayers are with you, of course, as you go through this. Maybe there will be a breakthrough as soon as this weekend.NEUTRA: Thank you for having me.TURNER: Thank you very much.Coming up next, Bret Baier on the efforts to identify the remains of U.S. soldiers killed 80 years ago now during the D-Day invasion.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KELLY MCKEAGUE, DEFENSE POW/MIA ACCOUNTING AGENCY: Communities come out en masse when their hometown son or daughter are coming home.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: No matter how long ago it was.MCKEAGUE: No matter how long ago.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back. This week marks the 80th anniversary of the D-Day invasion. Defense officials are still working today to identify soldiers who were declared missing in action on that day. My colleague, Bret Baier, takes a look at the herculean effort.BAIER: Thanks, Gillian.At least three soldiers who died during the D-Day invasion and thought to be missing in action have been identified this last year. Tonight, we take a look at their stories and honor their sacrifice.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: Nearly 73,000 U.S. troops landed in Normandy on June 6th, 1944. More than 2,500 were killed or were missing in action.Defense Prisoner of War, Missing in Action Accounting Agency has since identified seven of those missing soldiers. Three were named in the last year.Are there still others who have yet to be identified?KELLY MCKEAGUE, DEFENSE POW/MIA ACCOUNTING AGENCY: Hundreds. The case of those three soldiers, they were part of a landing craft on June 6th.BAIER: Army Corporal Julius Wolfe, Army Sergeant John Herrick, and Army Tech Four Elmo Hartwick were all part of the 149th engineer battalion on D- Day. They boarded the same landing craft headed for Omaha Beach. But the soldiers would never make it to battle. The vessel struck a mine as it was hit by artillery fire. The craft exploded, killing around 200 on board.The three soldiers' remains were buried as unknowns at four different graves in Normandy American secretary.How difficult is it to identify in the aftermath of D-Day? It was a massive invasion.MCKEAGUE: Part of the challenge is differentiating the remains, because, as you can imagine, the chaos after the war. Obviously, the ones they could identify have been back home since the 1940s. The ones that are still missing are the ones we are looking for.BAIER: The four graves were exhumed in 2021 so scientists could say analyze the DNA.How has technology today helped us identify someone who was killed more than 80 years ago?MCKEAGUE: What used to be a sample this size now can be done with your pinky finger, thumbnail. And if we have a family reference sample with which to compare the remains against, DNA technology has advanced in incredible ways.BAIER: I assume that these families are anxious to try to find so they are cooperative in all this.MCKEAGUE: Very much so. But with World War II, Congress didn't give it to the Department of Defense until 2010. So we are playing catch up, again, developing the historical references, the research with which to be able to pursue certain cases.BAIER: Two years after their remains were exhumed, officials were able to positively identify the three men killed on board the landing craft.MCKEAGUE: One of them, and this is a great story, Emporia, Kansas, 19 years old, he will be buried on Veterans Day 2024, which would have been his 100th birthday.BAIER: Wow. That's amazing.MCKEAGUE: Sergeant John Herrick.BAIER: And so for that town and that family, they're coming out?MCKEAGUE: En masse.BAIER: Corporal Julius Wolfe was buried in his hometown of Liberal, Missouri, in April. A memorial service will be held for Tech four Hartwick in Onaga, Kansas at a later date.Many from World War II are already buried overseas in cemeteries. What often happens after those individuals are identified?MCKEAGUE: Families are given the choice to either inter the remains back at the cemetery where they were interred as an unknown, or bring them back home.BAIER: When you find and piece together all of this, what does it mean for the families?MCKEAGUE: These families go through life with a void of heart and mind. They know their loved one died in combat. But not having that certainty of those remains leaves an uncertainty that exacerbates their grieving. Oftentimes it's what we call generational grieving. It's passed down generation to generation. So you may be talking to family members that never met the servicemember, but they know everything about him or her from the standpoint that it's almost as if you are speaking to his mother.BAIER: So it means a lot.MCKEAGUE: Absolutely.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: The Defense Prisoner of War, Missing in Action Accounting Agency currently has a team in Normandy, France, searching for three missing airmen who were thought to have been shot down on D-Day. Their hoping to discover personal artifacts in the soil there where the plane was likely shot down.We'll continue to look into this story. We'll send it back to you.TURNER: All right, thank you, Bret.Coming up next, the panel on the start of testimony in the Hunter Biden gun trial. Plus, President Biden's executive action on the border. And then finally, the anniversary of the bloody crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in China that rocked the world back in 1989.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. STEVE COHEN (D-TN), HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE: You haven't weaponized the Justice Department in terms of hiding and protecting Democrats -- Menendez, Cuellar, and Hunter Biden.MERRICK GARLAND, U.S. ATTORNEY GENERAL: We do not allow the political party or the ethnicity or the religion or the race or the wealth or the influence of someone we're investigating to make a difference in our charging decisions.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA), HOUSE SPEAKER: I don't think one case proves that at all. The American people are intelligent, and they understand intuitively what's happening here, and they see a two-tiered system.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: All right, time to bring in our panel. We've got Charlie Hurt, opinion editor for "The Washington Times," Josh Holmes, co-host of "The Ruthless" podcast, former chief of staff to Senator Mitch McConnell, and "USA Today" White House correspondent Francesca Chambers. Thanks, guys for all being here in person. It's fabulous.So Josh, the speaker of the House you just heard there says that the American people see in the Hunter Biden trial a two-tiered system of justice. The reality, though, is it's pretty incredible that you have a sitting president's son on trial facing criminal charges, as much as 25 years in prison in this case. I mean, it's certainly not something we have seen before.JOSH HOLMES, "RUTHLESS" PODCAST CO-HOST: Well, it is pretty incredible to have a son of a president who is a crack addict, a drug addict, owning a firearm illegally, right? I mean, he did these things allegedly, and that's what he is being tried for.I found it endlessly humorous, one component today, is that federal prosecutors were introducing a laptop as evidence against Hunter Biden. Of course, our intelligence experts four years ago told us it had all the hallmarks of Russian disinformation. Boy, has the worm turned on that.But look, we'll see what happens ultimately with this trial. I think Republicans have a lot of reason to believe that there has been a two tiered system of justice for quite some time.TURNER: Charlie, "Politico" writes today, take a look at this, "Biden and his family were involved in brief discussions early in the term about not seeking re-election to ease the burden on his son, according to four people with knowledge of the matter. But they said those worries were set aside when the family, including Hunter, urged the president to run again, especially as former President Donald Trump appeared poised to make a comeback." I found that remarkable if true as well.CHARLES HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: No, it is, it really is. And they clearly did put aside all those concerns. And he's running again, and whatever the -- whatever the cost it may be. But it also, I think, important to remember that we wouldn't be sitting here now with the Hunter Biden trial if there hadn't been such enormous efforts by prosecutors up and down the line from Delaware to Washington, D.C. to prevent this from happening in the first place, prevent the prosecutor of Hunter Biden from happening in the first place.But I do think it's also kind of interesting, we talk a lot about how you can compare the Biden administration to the Trump administration in real time. It's pretty compacted. It's like they're right next to each other. Well, there's also an opportunity to compare the Biden trial with the Trump trial right next to each other. And it's going to be interesting to watch.TURNER: And it is apples to oranges, even though they're happening in real time, virtually back to back.HURT: I think they are apples to oranges in that the Hunter Biden case is a slam dunk case, whether you think the charges should be brought or not. And the Donald Trump trial was -- the charges were made up, so much to the point most people don't even know what he was found guilty of. But he's a convicted felon now, according to the Democrats.TURNER: So, let's turn our attention to the other big news of the day, which is the Biden executive order on immigration. Francesca, you were in the room during this announcement today, so I'm going to come to you first. Take a look at the latest FOX News power ranking polls on this. Critics of the president who have been calling this E.O. a political stunt are essentially basing that claim on this, Biden's job approval on border security is at just 33 percent, if we can put those polls up, and on immigration writ large, more voters, 56 percent, trust Trump to do a better job than Biden. These two issues together now we know are the number two concern for voters nationwide, and we are just five months away from the election now.FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, "USA TODAY": And he is drawing criticism from some Democrats on this same issue in terms of if he thought that he had this executive authority in the first place, why didn't he use it before now? And his argument today was essentially that this has gotten bad enough as a crisis, it's become very urgent, that Congress hadn't acted, and so he felt that he needed to do something, that doing nothing was not an option, as he said, and the American people's patience was wearing thin.But immediately you heard from Republicans, why didn't do you something before? And Democrats asking essentially whether or not this was for politics as well in some cases, and criticizing him, saying this was an inhumane policy.TURNER: And Josh, Biden again today appeared to blame former President Trump, at least in part for the border today. He hearkened back again to claims the Trump tanked the border negotiations that were underway. Take a listen to what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We came to a clear, clear bipartisan deal. It was the strongest border security agreement in decades. But then Republicans in Congress -- not all of them -- walked away from it. Why? Because Donald Trump told them to. So today, I'm moving past Republican obstruction and using the executive authorities available to me as president.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)HOLMES: I'm actually kind of surprised he can do a lot of this with a straight face. Just a trip down memory lane in the first three months of his administration, he ended the Remain in Mexico policy, he ended restrictions of immigrant visas from places like, I don't know, Yemen, Iran, stopped deportations, started DACA, terminated the border wall, on and on and on. These were executive actions actually taken at the front end of this administration. Everything he's done has created the crisis that he is now blaming Republicans for, that somehow he fixed.And by the way, he could have done any of these executives action at any point during this crisis. It is, frankly, stunning election year politics, to be honest with you.TURNER: Well, and Charlie, what remains missing from today's policy as far as we can tell so far is the mechanism by which this new policy gets enforced. I was watching Bill Melugin report earlier from California, and he was saying it's not like at 2,500 magic happens and a wall miraculously appears and thousands of border agents emerge from the bushes to help manage the situation. There's nothing really new in place in terms of resources.HURT: Yes. You are either serious about the border or you are not serious about the border. And Joe Biden is, well, I think he is serious about the border, but he's serious about an open border, and he's not serious about having a controlled border. He has handed the border over, as Josh pointed out, to human smugglers and drug smugglers, the drug cartels. And that's his policy. And it's -- and by the way, that's antihuman, it's anti- children. It's anti-legal immigrant.And I think that the stunning thing to me about this announcement today is the admission that he has been lying for three years. He could have done something about it. He has refused to. He is choosing to do something five months before the election because he realizes that it's hurting him. And it's not just Republican voters, It's Democrat voters and independent voters who are appalled by what this administration has wrought.And when you look around at a place like New York City where they are, taxpayers are footing the bill to house hundreds of thousands if not millions of these migrants in hotels around the country where young people coming out of college today are struggling to find housing, it's insane. And it's highly unpopular. And this is an admission that this is going to potentially hurt them --CHAMBERS: But there is a key question as to whether or not that this would hold up in court that's being raised. Certainly, legal challenges will be raised to this. And there was a Democratic lawmaker today who told reporters that the White House has assured them that they have vetted this, that they believe that they're on solid legal ground. And so that seems to be something that has taken up some time here as well for President Biden is the White House determining that he did have the legal authority to do what he just did.TURNER: Guys, we have got to leave there, but I'm aware we can take all hour talking about today this border E.O. today.(LAUGHTER)TURNER: But thank you for joining us. Great to see you guys.Finally tonight, a somber throwback.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thirty-five years ago, hundreds of thousands of students and workers gathered in Beijing's Tiananmen Square, joined by millions more across China to demand democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: It was this day in 1989 that the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests came to a very violent end at the hands of the Chinese Communist Party. And estimated 180,000 troops there pushed towards the square in tanks, armored vehicles, firing into crowds of student protesters and civilians. Hundreds, maybe even thousands perished that day.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, our exclusive sit down interview with South Carolina Senator Tim Scott, said to be a top tier contender for V.P. to former president Trump.Thanks for watching SPECIAL REPORT. I'm Gillian Turner in Washington. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is next.