GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening from Washington I'm Gillian Turner in for Bret Baier tonight.Coming up, international outrage after Israel admits dozens of civilians were killed in an airstrike in Rafah.Plus, we take you to a remote jungle in Colombia for our Whatever Happened To segment on Pablo Escobar's infamous cocaine hippos.Plus this, Bret Baier with a Memorial Day special, he digs into efforts to solve some of America's most enduring mysteries, locating and identifying service members who remain missing an action.We begin first with a Democracy 24 report, President Biden spent his day honoring service members who died in the line of duty and tonight, we're learning he's planning to break his silence on former President Trump's criminal trial once a verdict is reached. Closing arguments in Manhattan begin tomorrow.Over the weekend, former President Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. addressed the libertarian party's convention hoping for a chance to sway third party voters.White House correspondent Peter Doocy has the details from the North Lawn tonight. Hi, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Gillian. Even though President Biden's remarks today were very solemn, they fit with the theme over the last couple of months that he thinks is going to help him win reelection suggesting that he is the only candidate on the side of democracy.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Every generation has to earn it. Fight for it.DOOCY (voice over): This weekend, that was the point made by another Kennedy urging Democrats not to vote for cousin RFK Jr.PATRICK KENNEDY, FORMER RHODE ISLAND REPRESENTATIVE: We have to get everyone out to vote and vote for Joe Biden and vote for democracy over a autocracy.DOOCY (voice over): Those buzzwords were in the president's prompter today.BIDEN: And then battle between autocracy and democracy, between the greed of a few and the rights of many.DOOCY (voice over): Biden not making a play for libertarian votes, but Kennedy and Donald Trump are with appearances at a noisy libertarian convention.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: So, what is the purpose of the Libertarian Party getting three percent? What is the reason to take a chance of having this horrible president destroy our country, which he will do in far less than four years, it's not going to take four years.DOOCY (voice over): Trump's campaign statements have mostly been outside courtrooms this cycle and with closing arguments in his New York criminal trial set to begin tomorrow, the former president's attorneys believe this week's jury instructions from the judge won't be fair.ALINA HABBA, LEGAL SPOKESPERSON FOR DONALD TRUMP: I have zero confidence in the fact that this person who should not be sitting on the bench right now will do the right thing and give jury instructions that are in an appropriate manner, without any persuasion towards the prosecution.DOOCY (voice over): Guilty or not, expect President Biden to speak extensively about Trump's verdict from the White House for the first time.Politico reports, the message will be different for specific rulings, but the fundamental point will remain the same, that Americans legal system worked and that the process should be respected.The two men will debate in less than one month. This weekend, President Biden struggled to find a line that landed with a crowd of cadets at West Point.BIDEN: Never forget Americans are strongest when we lead not only by our example of our power, but by the power of our example. You're going to clap for that.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): President Biden also made a surprise unannounced stop at Hallie Biden's house in Delaware last night. She is Beau Biden's widow and Hunter Biden's ex-girlfriend who is also set to testify in Hunter Biden's gun trial in Delaware that begins next week.White House officials are saying this presidential visit to her house had nothing to do with that testimony. They say it has to do with the upcoming ninth anniversary of Beau Biden's passing, Gillian.TURNER: All right, Peter Doocy on the North Lawn, thank you.Well, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says tonight a "tragic mistake has been made" this after an Israeli strike targeting two Hamas leaders in the southern Gaza City of Rafah set fire to attend camp there that was housing displaced Palestinians and killed dozens of people, including women and children.Corresponding Trey Yingst has the details tonight from Tel Aviv.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): A civilian car drive slowly through the streets of Rafah. It's a makeshift hearse for the bodies of Palestinian civilians.UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): Which humanity is this? Where is the world? Where is the nation?YINGST (voice over): Overnight, Israel launched airstrikes against Gaza southernmost city of Rafah targeting two senior Hamas militants.In the process, they reported the killed dozens of civilians who were sheltering in tents. The Israeli military facing international condemnation has opened a rare probe into the incident.MAJ. GEN. YIFAT TOMER-YERUSHALMI, ISRAELI MILITARY ADVOCATE GENERAL (through translator): The details of yesterday incident are still under investigation, which we are committed to conducting to the fullest extent. The IDF regrets any harm to noncombatants during this war.YINGST (voice over): The United States is weighing in on the strikes, calling on Israel to use restraint with the Biden administration's National Security Council saying in a statement, "The devastating images following an IDF strike in Rafah last night that killed dozens of innocent Palestinians are heartbreaking."Amid clear disagreements between President Biden and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about how to proceed with the war in Gaza, the Israeli leader saying this about the incident overnight.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER (through translator): Despite our most efforts not to harm noncombatants last night, there was a tragic failure.(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): As the war in Gaza approaches the eight month mark indirect negotiations between Israel and Hamas are set to resume this week, Gillian.TURNER: Right, Trey Yingst in Tel Aviv for us tonight. Thank you.Well, U.S. lawmakers visiting Taiwan are vowing to boost the island's deterrence against China by providing Taiwan's government with all the weapons it needs. The visit comes just days after Beijing sounded surrounded Taiwan during massive military exercises. Senior Foreign Affairs Correspondent Greg Palkot has that story.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Just days after the Chinese military staged a massive mock invasion of Taiwan, a bipartisan congressional delegation visited the island despite Beijing's opposition. It was led by House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Michael McCaul with a message to President Xi Jinping of China which claims Taiwan as its own.REP. MICHAEL MCCAUL (R-TX): But we just need to do everything we can to make it possible for him to see that the risk outweighs the reward, that the risk is just too high.PALKOT (voice over): It was the first U.S. visit to Taiwan since the inauguration last week of his new president Lai Ching-te which was grateful to hear of sped up U.S. military support.A new bill including aid for the self-governed island was passed by Congress last month.LAI CHING-TE, TAIWANESE PRESIDENT (through translator): Everyone here is an important force in friendship with Taiwan to help Taiwan strengthen its self-defense capabilities.PALKOT (voice over): Beijing not only conducting war games, which include fighter jets equipped with live missiles, but also launching political attacks on the U.S. saying actions like the congressional visit defy Washington's One China policy.MAO NING, CHINESE FOREIGN MINISTRY (through translator): China is firmly opposed to this and will take measures to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity.PALKOT (voice over): Washington is bound to provide Taiwan with a means to defend itself. A Biden administration remains ambiguous whether troops will be dispatched if China attacks, another message from the U.S. lawmakers today, whoever wins this year's presidential race will have Taiwan's back.REP. ANDY BARR (R-KY): The United States is fully and completely committed to deterrence to supporting Taiwan militarily, diplomatically and economically.(END VIDEOTAPE)PALKOT (on camera): That commitment perhaps a very good thing, just in the past 24 hours, 21 Chinese military aircraft and 11 ships have been spotted operating near Taiwan, dangerous waters, Gillian.TURNER: Greg Palkot in London for us tonight. Thank you.Well, the U.N.'s nuclear watchdog says Iran has once again increased its stockpile of uranium enriched to near weapons grade levels. The confidential report was reviewed by the Associated Press reveals Iran has more than 300 pounds now of uranium enriched up to 60 percent. It's a major increase of just over 45 pounds since the last report which came in February.Uranium enriched at 60 percent purity is just a short technical step away from nuclear weapons grade levels.Also, today, Iran's acting President Mohammad Mokhber addressed the country's new parliament, it was his first public speech since last week's helicopter crash that killed his predecessor and seven other officials. Iran will hold presidential elections June 28th.Now, Fox Weather Alert, tornadoes spawning thunderstorms that swept the southern plains in the Ozarks Mountains have killed at least 21 people across four states. Buildings are flattened. People without power and forecasters warn now that more severe weather is on the way.Fox Weather Correspondent Max Gorden is in Valley View, Texas tonight. Hi, Max.MAX GORDEN, FOX WEATHER CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Gillian. Dozens of people sought shelter at this Shell station behind me during the tornado men even though the walls collapsed, everyone made it out alive.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)But there were fatalities in this community. Seven people confirmed dead, more than hundred injured. These tornado the deadliest to hit Texas since 2015. Among the dead a 2-year-old and 5-year-old, that tornado hit northern Texas late Saturday night tearing through an R.V. Park, destroying more than 200 homes and damaging around 120 others.Governor Greg Abbott pledged his support for storm victims and praised Texans for coming to each other's aid and the immediate aftermath.GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): Take a moment in time tonight to say a prayer for everybody who was in harm's way. They need your prayers. They need your support and God willing, we will help them rebuild their lives as quickly as possible.GORDEN (voice over): President Biden spoke to Governor Abbott as well as governors Kevin Stitt of Oklahoma and Sarah Huckabee Sanders of Arkansas expressing his condolences for the lives lost.Between Friday and Sunday, there were 38 confirmed tornadoes that touchdown across 10 states. Along with the victims in North Texas, two people died after an EF3 tornado hit Northeastern Oklahoma. Eight storm related deaths were reported in Arkansas and four people died in Kentucky.The storm Sunday morning caused a delay of the Indy 500. After lightning was detected in the area, officials paused pre-race activities and fans had to leave the grandstands and Snake Pit.Fans were allowed to return a few hours later and the race eventually got underway.(END VIDEOTAPE)GORDEN (on camera): These storms have knocked out power to hundreds of thousands across the heartland.Meanwhile, more severe weather is expected complicating cleanup efforts. Gillian, back to you.TURNER: Max Gorden in Texas for us tonight, thank you.Coming up next, we've got Brit Hume on the presidential race and tomorrow's closing arguments of former President Trump's New York criminal trial.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 25 out of Boston where Massachusetts suspect is now set to be arraigned tomorrow on multiple charges including assault with the intent to murder after six people were stabbed in separate attacks including four girls at a movie theater.The 26-year-old suspect was arrested Saturday night after a police pursuit.And this, WSVN in Miami as boxing legend Mike Tyson suffers a medical scare on a flight from Miami to L.A. Tyson's reps told the New York Post he became dizzy and nauseous due to an ulcer flare up.This incident comes ahead of the 57-year-old's fight with YouTuber turned boxer Jake Paul slated for July 20th.And this is a live look at L.A. from Fox 11. One of the big stories there tonight. Free gas for active duty military veterans at two helpful Honda locations in Huntington Beach this Memorial Day.First 100 people who showed a valid military I.D. got a free fill up. That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from Special Report. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We believe that property rights are fundamental to a free society and that Joe Biden's rampant inflation is a monstrous theft from the American people.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Both President Ruto and I have focused on growing economies -- our growing economies, and growing them from the bottom up, and the middle out, the bottom up. And when that happens, everybody does well, not the top down.TURNER: All right. Let's talk about the presidential election, Biden's economy, with Fox News chief political analyst Brit Hume. Brit, thanks for being with us tonight.Bureau of Labor statistics reporting now that inflation is at 19.4 percent, overall, since Biden came to office. This is coupled with higher than usual gas prices, which everybody is feeling this holiday weekend, AAA reports average today is $3.59 versus a year ago $3.57. We then have that tie in to the political season, with Reuters reporting, "U.S. political independence are now drifting closer to Republicans' sour view of the economy."Seems to be a sort of perfect confluence of not great stuff in the economy for President Biden.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, it certainly is that way, Gillian, is proof of the power of inflation. After all, we have job growth, we have economic growth, the stock market's doing well, broadly speaking, and people think poorly of the economy because of the inflation numbers that you just cited.And the thing about inflation is it affects everybody, and people who -- a lot of people can't afford it and feeling terribly pressured. And even the people who can afford it, don't like it.So, it's a terrible weight on people's feelings about the economy. And look, it wasn't so long ago, that there was basically no inflation. And people remember that. And I think it's going to be awfully hard for the Biden campaign and the president to shake the burden that this has placed on them, because they remember -- and along comes Trump, you see, and he can point to the period of almost no inflation. That was the case during his administration. So, it's a very big event -- advantage for him.TURNER: Now, on the other side for former President Trump, you know, a brief respite the last few days from the criminal proceedings in Manhattan. They are picking up again tomorrow. We had Alina Habba on the air yesterday, she said what she is tracking now, what the defense team is clocking is concerned about the jury's sort of -- have the jury is going to respond once they receive instructions from the judge. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I've been indicted by the government or 91 different things. And unlike Joe Biden, I don't throw people in jail for disagreeing with me. I don't do that.ALINA HABBA, LEGAL SPOKESMAN OF DONALD TRUMP: Now, you've held jurors for five weeks, we've been sitting here, we saw no facts. And the last resort for the prosecution is going to be this judge with political motivations, going to give them instructions on how to decide the fate of a former president and the future president of the United States.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Do you buy that?HUME: Well, look, I'm not going to go to the judge's motives. I don't know what the judge's motives are. But I don't think it's can be argued that he has been anything but helpful to the prosecution. And, you know, the way the jury is instructed in this rather complicated novel case will be important. And that's the next step we're waiting for here for him to instruct the jurors on the matters of law.And, you know, legal experts by the dozens have come out and said that this case is built on a house of cards in terms of the legal issues involved, and it's very complicated, and tenuous, I think T.D. at least it -- I think it's in danger of collapsing.Their lawyers on the jury, that may be of some help to Trump if they are honest, and there is no reason to believe they won't be. But conviction would still a distinct possibility, depending in part on the judge's instructions. And we'll find out then, how much damage being able to be labelled a convicted felon will do to President Trump. And the other thing, of course, we're going to find out, Gillian, is how much power is left in the issues raised that concern January 6th, and Mr. Trump's post-election conduct after the 2020 election.Democrats are going to try to make that feel like January 6th happen in your house. So, between those two issues, there is some -- there is some potential out there to undo the situation with Mr. Trump, where he seems distinctly ahead in nearly all the key states, not by large margins, but by noticeable margins in nearly everywhere.I think that's kind of where we are.TURNER: Yes, certainly in the key swing states. Brit, we'll all be watching and listening tomorrow when the trial picks back up. Thanks for taking time with us on this Memorial Day.HUME: Thank you. Thank you, Gillian.TURNER: Well, the stock market was closed today in observance of Memorial Day. Up next, California's businesses versus Democratic Governor Gavin Newsom over a new tax initiative.Plus, "WHATEVER HAPPENED TO," the Colombian cocaine hippos, the infamous cocaine hippos. But as we had to break, Basketball Hall of Famer -- one of the biggest stars in basketball broadcasting, Bill Walton has passed away.Walton had a prolonged fight with cancer. He was an NBA most valuable player, two-time champion in college in the NBA, as well as a three-time National Player of the Year at UCLA. Walton was 71 years old.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back. A United Airlines flight aboard and take off from Chicago's O'Hare International Airport today after an engine caught fire temporarily halting arrivals amid very busy Memorial Day travel.The FAA now says it stopped arrivals into the airport and United Airlines tells Fox News Digital the plane was towed to the gate. The passengers de- planed normally, and thankfully, no injuries have been reported.Well, California businesses are trying to rein in government spending with a ballot initiative. That would make it more difficult for state and local lawmakers to raise taxes. The measure is being challenged in California Supreme Court by Democratic Governor Gavin Newsom.National correspondent William La Jeunesse shows us from Los Angeles.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The Taxpayer Protection Act gives voters the right to approve or reject all new taxes.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): California business and taxpayer groups want to stop government overspending. Their ballot proposition would require two thirds of voters to approve any city or state tax increase.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The Taxpayer Protection Act ensures that all new taxes have broad support from Californians by empowering voters.LA JEUNESSE (voice over): But Governor Gavin Newsom, contrary to his so- called campaign for democracy, where he criticized Republicans.GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): They ignore the will of the people.LA JEUNESSE: Now, wants the California Supreme Court to deny voters a right to vote on that proposition by preemptively killing it before it goes on the ballot.MARGARET PRINZING, ATTORNEY: This measure constitutes an unlawful revision so that it can't appear on the ballot.LA JEUNESSE (voice over): The state argues, the proposition would deny government the money it needs from fixing streets to public safety.ART BISHOP, MAYOR PRO TEM, APPLE VALLEY: Two thirds is a very, very difficult number for any community to be able to achieve --LA JEUNESSE (voice over): But supporters say taxpayers are done getting steamrolled by Sacramento.TOM HILTACHK, ATTORNEY: What we have is essentially a two-way street, where the legislative power is shared amongst these two groups, the people on the one hand, the legislature on the other. But that the people have the last word.LA JEUNESSE: The State Supreme Court must rule in the next few weeks, otherwise voters in November could send a message in California they've had enough.JON COUPAL, HOWARD JARVIS TAXPAYERS ASSOCIATION: Our opponents are so scared because they know this has a very high likelihood of passage.(END VIDEO TAPE)LA JEUNESSE (on camera): It's rare for courts to intervene before a vote for a proposition that has already qualified for the ballot. But opponents worry that if passed they won't be able to undo the damage they think this presents to city and state government. Gillian?TURNER: All right, William La Jeunesse in L.A. tonight, thank you.Decades after drug kingpin Pablo Escobar illegally smuggled four hippos into Colombia, the massive creatures, aka, the cocaine hippos are now multiplying unchecked. They're also wreaking havoc. In tonight's "Whatever Happened To?" segment, Griff Jenkins explores the remote Colombian jungle and efforts to contain this rapidly expanding population of the world's deadliest land mammal.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: The South American country of Colombia is battling an invasive species, devastating its ecosystem, displacing native animals, and injuring dozens of people.Hippopotamuses did not exist in Colombia until the early 1980s when they first arrived here at Hacienda Napoles, the famed estate of the once feared narcotrafficker Pablo Escobar who brought them here as part of his personal zoo.Escobar was killed in 1993, but the hippos remained and started to multiply.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We have right now 150, 160 hippos.JENKINS: They have no natural predators in Colombia.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's hippo heaven. They have food all year long, water all year long.JENKINS: And animal rights activists got a law passed making it illegal to kill them. Without drastic action, 10 years from now experts say Colombia's hippo population will be in the thousands and growing.DAVID ECHEVERRI, CORNARE BIOLOGIST: They are an environmental problem, and the hippos are very dangerous for the people.JENKINS: In November, Colombian government officials announced a new goal - - to catch and sterilize 40 hippos per year. But the plan seems somewhat unrealistic. Each surgery costs $10,000 and takes a team of eight people six to eight hours to perform.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You have to bring water, electricity, people in the field.JENKINS: They are also trying to obtain the contraceptive drug GonaCon developed by the U.S. agriculture department for wildlife purposes. It can be administered by tranquilizer dart, but unfortunately, it's nearly impossible to obtain in Colombia. In 2021, USDA scientists traveled to Colombia and donated some, but those doses were quickly used up and they haven't been back since.(END VIDEO TAPE)TURNER: That was Griff Jenkins reporting from Colombia. You can catch the full special "The Drug Lord's Hippos" available now for streaming right on FOX Nation.Coming up next, Bret Baier is going to take a look at work being done now to locate and identify service members who went missing in action.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. Officials in Papua New Guinea are asking for international help, telling the United Nations that more than 2,000 people are believed to have been buried alive in last Friday's landslide. Determining the scale of the disaster so far has been difficult for officials because of very dangerous continuing conditions on the ground there.And protesters in Armenia are demanding the resignation of the prime minister by blocking main streets in the capital city and clashing with police, as you can see there. Protests have roiled the country for weeks, sparked by the government's return of four border villages to Azerbaijan.Plus this is a live look at London. One of the big stories there tonight, dairy dare devils throw caution to the wind for Britain's annual cheese rolling event. Cheered by several thousand spectators, scores of reckless racers chased seven pounds of cheese down the near vertical Cooper's Hill. First racer to finish gets to keep that cheese. The races have been held since at least 1826.That's the some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back. On Memorial Day, we honor Americans who paid the ultimate sacrifice for the nation. Families, though, of service members who went missing in action have never had the opportunity to say goodbye to their loved ones or have any kind of closure. My colleague, Bret Baier, takes a look at efforts to locate and identify these heroes who are gone from us but not forgotten.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Thanks, Gillian.Tonight, we pay tribute to three men who were previously unaccounted for after World War II, Vietnam, and Korea. The Defense Prisoner of War Missing in Action Accounting Agency has recently positively identified their remains. Tonight, we take a closer look at their stories and the effort to locate thousands of service members who gave their lives decades ago.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: Of the more than 2.2 million airmen who served in World War II, just 355 were Tuskegee airmen.KELLY MCKEAGUE, DEFENSE POW/MIA ACCOUNTING AGENCY: As you know it's a historied unit, a segregated unit that just did heroic things in World War II.BAIER: Second Lieutenant Fred Brewer was one of 27 Tuskegee airmen who previously was thought to be missing in action.MCKEAGUE: Lieutenant Brewer was the second Tuskegee airmen who are identified.BAIER: Second Lieutenant Brewer had departed Ramitelli Air Base in Italy alongside 57 other fighters assigned to escort bombers to Regensberg. Brewer had attempted to climb above thick cloud cover, causing his engine to stall, and is thought to have crashed. In 2011, an Italian local had built a memorial using the wreckage of Second Lieutenant Brewer's P-51 Mustang named Traveling Light. Researchers were able to match the debris to remains that had been buried at a civilian cemetery.Had that memorial not been formed, you might not have had these remains.MCKEAGUE: Correct.BAIER: That's pretty amazing. What's the process once you get a tip like that or an investigation like that?MCKEAGUE: It can range anywhere from a few weeks to sometimes 10, 15 years. These are the hard cases.BAIER: In December, Lieutenant Brewer was properly given a proper burial and laid to rest in hometown of Charlotte, North Carolina. And this October, on the 80th anniversary of his death, a ceremony will be held for Brewer in the Italian town near where he died.How does this process work?MCKEAGUE: It really is the fulfillment of a promise made to service members who we sent off to combat, did not come home.BAIER: Last Memorial Day, a funeral was held for Korean Medal of Honor recipient. Army Corporal Luther Story died defending his fellow comrades.He fearlessly stood in the middle of the road throwing grenades into the truck. During the withdrawal, the company was attacked by such superior numbers that it was forced to deploy in a rice field. Realizing that his wounds would hamper his comrades, he refused to retire to the next position but remained to cover the company's withdrawal. When last seen he was firing every weapon available and fighting off another hostile assault. It's amazing.MCKEAGUE: What's even more amazing is that he got his mother to forge his enlistment papers at the age of 16, entered the Army, finds himself in the Battle of Naktong in 1950. And at 19, he does that valor, that heroic action, thereby allowing his unit to escape to safety.BAIER: Corporal Story has a unique link to Jimmy Carter. What's that?MCKEAGUE: So he was born in Buena Vista, Georgia. His parents were sharecroppers who worked various farms in middle Georgia. One of the farms they worked belonged to President Carter's father. President Carter in hospice when he was told that Luther Story was coming home just got the biggest smile, we're told, and said I remember that young man.BAIER: That's amazing.MCKEAGUE: Absolutely incredible.BAIER: Active wars make it difficult to immediately identify those killed in action. As conflicts wind down, investigators still need to work through environmental factors and foreign governments.MCKEAGUE: Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia very challenging. The acidic soil degrades remains, almost destroys them.BAIER: Air Force Colonel Ernest De Soto flew an F-4 Phantom during the Vietnam war.What more do you know about his story?MCKEAGUE: He was from San Francisco. He was a phenomenal athlete, had a partial scholarship to Stanford. His parents could not afford Stanford, so he enlisted in the Air Force.BAIER: He was last seen in 1969 when his plane disappeared while returning from a canceled strike mission near Quang Nam province. Teams conducted an aerial search but were unable to survey the ground as the Vietnam War raged on.They had a field located at the crash site in 95. The recovery mission happens in 2021. Positive I.D. coming just last year. How come it takes so long.MCKEAGUE: In the case of Colonel De Soto, we just had to keep sending teams back to either investigate the site, excavate the site. No one knows the last known location. And so really, it's almost rolling the dice.BAIER: It's like the CSI of finding war heroes. And you're piecing together not only the remains but their story and what happened.MCKEAGUE: Every single one has a unique story to it, as you mentioned, whether it's Lieutenant Brewer, whether it's Corporal Story, or in the case of Colonel De Soto.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): Director McKeague says there are still 72,000 soldiers missing from World War II, 7,500 from Korea, and 1,500 from Vietnam. Of those roughly 81,000, the agency believes 38,000 will be recoverable.We'll send it back to you.TURNER: All right, that was Bret Baier with a special Memorial Day report.Coming up next, the all-star panel on the state of the presidential race, plus some major foreign policy headaches now for President Biden. Then our Memorial Day tribute will continue from across the nation. Stick with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: So I think you should nominate me or at least vote for me and we should win together.The libertarians want to vote for me, and most of them will.I have been indicted by the government on 91 different things, so, if I wasn't a libertarian before, I sure as hell am a libertarian now.(APPLAUSE)ANA NAVARRO, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: This is acknowledgment by Trump and his campaign that MAGA followers are not going to get him into the White House.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: All right, time to bring in our panel. We've got Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, and Daniel Lippman, of "Politico". Thank you all for being here this Memorial Day. It's wonderful to see you.Dan, so, in the end the Libertarian Party bypassed Trump, bypassed RFK Jr. As was to be expected, they nominated Oliver (ph) Chase (ph). Trump, in that same speech this weekend got some boos. Do you think it was a mistake for him to go talk to that crowd or worthwhile in the end?DANIEL LIPPMAN, "POLITICO": I think it's definitely worthwhile, because they're reaching those antiestablishment voters that Trumps shares in common with libertarians. There's a lot of libertarians there who don't like some of the big government policies he did in terms of not reforming Social Security or Medicare. But 11 percent of Americans are libertarian or identify with that ideology. And so he wants to reach those voters, even if it comes at the cost of getting booed, which you almost never see because he is always speaking to his MAGA faithful at those big rallies.TURNER: So some big news coming up looking ahead, tomorrow, Mollie, is the Trump criminal trial is going to resume in New York City. Interestingly, President Biden, we're learning now from "Politico", is planning to break his sort of vow of silence surrounding all things Trump and the criminal charges he is facing. He's going to weigh in. He is going to give some kind of a public statement or address once verdicts are reached in each of the four criminal trials. The White House staff says is he doing this because he wants to convey a message that he is sort of, I don't know, out of the political fray on this or above the politics. What do you make of it?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I think it's interesting that he is going to be speaking on it. And I don't think people think it's because he is not concerned about politics, but probably because he is extremely worried about the politics of Democrat lawfare and how that's effecting the general presidential election. So, this New York trial, I think people widely regard as the weakest of the various trials that Trump may be going through. But it's also, might be likely to secure a conviction.And people look at this not just because of Joe Biden's number three at the Department of Justice was actually one of the prosecutors on this, but also because it's a coordinated campaign from Democrats. They really are tying that with Biden. And he's trying to say his opponent is an authoritarian, but a lot of people look at this lawfare that he is intimately involved with, and they think Biden is the authoritarian. He's probably trying to get away from that.TURNER: Juan, what do you say to that?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: I think the key thing that President Biden is going to have to focus on in a political moment is to say that former President Trump said he wanted to testify and he didn't testify. And he said that people who don't testify, they're essentially guilty. Here is he, he has the chance to testify, he doesn't. And so I think that President Biden, as his rival for the presidency, is going to make a big deal out of that when he comments at the end, he says, in terms of a verdict.All this talk about the instructions coming from the judge, though, it sounds to me like people -- and this is typical now with Trump, is they are saying, well, if he doesn't win it was fixed or something was wrong or the judge was biased. It's always this way. Yes, we won the election but it wasn't counted properly or there were fraudulent votes. I mean, it's a set- up for the same old song.HEMINGWAY: Juan, the reason why people are so concerned about the judge in that trial is because he has run this trial in such favorable way for the prosecution. And a great example of that is he wouldn't let Bradley Smith testify, a literal former chairman of the Federal Election Commission. While he is also saying that the jury can find him guilty on nebulous election charges that were never actually dealt with. So people are not anticipating that he will give jury instructions any more fairly than he ran the trial. And there's a lot to be upset about with that.LIPPMAN: What is interesting in that in the 100 fundraising emails that the Biden campaign has sent out since the trial first started, only two of them are about this trial. And so they don't think that it's a totally sure political winner. They are looking to the debate in a month to try to reset the race.TURNER: So another sort of big item on Trump's plate right now is his V.P. pick. We had Nikki Haley in Israel over the weekend. She was paying homage to, visiting sites of the Hamas massacre on October 7th. Let's take a listen to what she had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, (R) FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Do you hear about Hamas? But there is an entire generation of Palestinians who are now entrenched with that Hamas ideology. Remember when this happened, I said finish them. They need to finish Hamas. Don't stop until they finish.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Well, and that is just what Netanyahu and the IDF are trying to do moving forward. They have not backed down from that. These airstrikes, Dan, over the weekend that have killed two Hamas senior leaders, plus a bevy of civilians. We are hearing women and children are included in the body count. Seems like Netanyahu for the first time, sort of, I don't want to say backtracked, but admitted that some mistakes were made and they are going to look into what happened. We have not seen this tone from him before in this war.LIPPMAN: We haven't. And it comes as the Biden administration has sent a real clear message to Israel that they have to have a very limited operation in Rafah. They support getting rid of Hamas, but they know they can't repeat what they've done in the rest of Gaza. And they -- the Biden administration feels like Israel has mostly listened, that they haven't crossed any red lines and that they may not have to hold back more aid even if that would win them some votes in Michigan.WILLIAMS: You know, his claim, though, that somehow you are defeating Hamas, I think it really suffered this week when you saw Hamas attack Tel Aviv in the midst of this. So it's not like you can say we are wiping out Hamas and they will be gone. They are still there even though you now, I guess, we are seven months into this war effort.TURNER: Almost eight, I think.WILLIAMS: And it seems like we are farther, farther, Gillian, from a deal to get this war to an end, which I think would be good for everybody. But I'm not sure it's politically good for Netanyahu, and it looks like Hamas is afraid that the Saudis and the Israelis would enter into some kind of peace deal that wouldn't be favorable to them. So it's like the two principle players seem to prefer war.TURNER: There are echoes of the lessons learned with the U.S. trying to defeat Al-Qaeda over the course of 20 years. It is very hard. People can be killed. Ideologies tend to remain unchecked.Mollie, I want to ask you for reflections on this Memorial Day before we let you guys go.HEMINGWAY: I talked to my father-in-law Bill Hemmingway who is a retired lieutenant colonel in the Marine Corps about if there was anyone he specifically wanted to have remembered today. He immediately said a couple names that he graduated with from the class of 1958, the U.S. Naval Academy, Brown (ph) and Fellagar (ph), and then he also named a couple men lost their lives under him Chavez (ph) and Jankowski (ph). But he particularly mentioned the name Ed (ph) Ryan (ph) who is someone who survived injuries and came back from Vietnam, even though they were horrific, but was unable to withstand them over the long haul. And he asked that people particularly remember people who succumb to their injuries whether mental or physical many years after they come home.TURNER: And Juan, how about you?WILLIAMS: Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve held a Memorial Day ceremony, Gillian, in Baghdad, Iraq, today to honor three U.S. Army soldiers killed in the drone attack at Tower 22 in Jordan, you will remember, earlier this year. Staff Sergeant William Rivers, Sergeant Kennedy Sanders, and Sergeant Breonna Moffett were killed January 28th in a drone attack that hit Tower 22, a small U.S. outpost in northeastern Jordan.TURNER: All right, panel, thank you so much for joining us. Finally --great words from the panel. Finally tonight, we want to take some time to honor the true spirit of Memorial Day. In tonight's report salute, sights and sounds from ceremonies across the U.S. commemorating the heroes who died in the line of duty.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It is day of remembrance for those who gave their all in service to our country while donning the call of our nation. It is a solemn day for reflecting on the cost of freedom, the families they kissed goodbye, walking proudly into the face of unfathomable danger, and ultimately giving all to protect and defend our way of life.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ready, fire! Ready, fire!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Present arms.LLOYD AUSTIN, DEFENSE SECRETARY: We know that you live with loss every day and not just Memorial Day. Let us always strive defend the democracy for which they fought and died. They did their duty, and we must, too.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, closing arguments begin in former President Trump's criminal trial. We will bring you there.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for watching SPECIAL REPORT on this Memorial Day. I'm Gillian Turner in Washington. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is next.