NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Tomorrow we have Robert F. Kennedy Jr. joining us, also the Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson.So, we're going to continue to pick apart what's happening at the border, what's happening in Washington and how all this sorts out in the political landscape because something tells me it will. Here's THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Dana Perino, and Greg Gutfeld. 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Wait a second, Joe Biden now has the power to fix the border. Less than five months ago, the big guy was crying to the whole world how he done all he can on the crisis, and that Republicans were to blame for allowing millions of illegals to waltz into our country and cause all sorts of chaos.Biden sat on his hands as migrants took advantage, beating up cops in Times Square then flipping the bird to Americans when caught.Just last night, migrants were taking selfies at a border wall in California. But with an election five months away, Joe had suddenly a change of heart.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: So, today, I'm moving past Republican obstruction and using the executive authorities available to me as president to do what I can on my own to address the border.I'm announcing actions to bar migrants who cross our southern border unlawfully from receiving asylum.The simple truth is there is a worldwide migrant crisis, and if the United States doesn't secure our border, there is no limit to the number of people who may try to come here, because there is no better place on the planet than the United States of America.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: As of midnight, the border will be shut down for the first time since a man named Donald Trump was in the Oval Office. That's because the move effectively blocks asylum requests once the average number of daily encounters hits 2,500.But that's peanuts to what we're seeing right now. But don't be fooled, the so-called crackdown that will still permit a minimum of 1.8 million new arrivals into America every year, even if enforced properly.So, why is Joe acting now? CNN's data guru has some clues.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Immigration is the nation's top problem. Back in May of 2020, it was just one percent of voters who said that look at where we are today, May of 2024, the last poll conducted by Gallup, it's up to 18 percent.Back in June of 2020, Biden was actually trusted more on the question of border security and immigration by a single point. Look at where we are in May of 2024. My goodness gracious. Look at this huge jump that Donald Trump has gotten. He is now ahead on this issue by 27 percentage points.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Judge Jeanine, so, a lot of holes, a lot of loopholes in this so- called executive order. Are you happy he took action? Or is it too little too late?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Oh, I'm going to be one of the positive people and say, I'm so glad he decided that he had the power that he didn't think he had. And it took him five months to figure it out.But I have a feeling that Joe Biden really knew he had the power, because he issued an executive order getting rid of Donald Trump's orders that kept the border more secure.And obviously, what you've got is, you know, you've repeatedly needed Congress and now that immigration has been the number one issue for I guess it was three months in a row, which is longest any one issue has been number one in I think his 24, 27 years. He knows that he's got five months to make this right.But between us chickens here. And I mean that in a very positive sense.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Give me the benefit of the doubt.PIRRO: Yes, OK, the benefit of the doubt. Doing those chickens 2500 today, that means that the border is not closed, it means that what Joe Biden is doing is he's standing up and saying I'm -- I've got a secure border now Americans, you should be happy.But we all know or maybe you don't, the Biden and Mayorkas enacted 64 executive orders to keep the border open. So, I guess they kind of had that order in their back pocket.But you know, it's sad because it's purely political, when the truth is that the cartels are still going to be in charge of what's going on at the border.And, you know, there's still going to be throwing babies over fences. And I really think, you know, because I tried to understand why this was done in the first instance. It's this horrible white guilt and white supremacy and now it's like virtue signaling that, you know, we're over that, we're going to let everybody come in. We're going to make sure that everyone has a place in the United States. And we're going to absolve ourselves of our guilt and let them all come in.But I think that what's happened in America since the pandemic COVID and with the eight to 10 million new illegals is just -- it's just terrible, because American citizens are paying a price that they shouldn't have to pay. Minority communities are being subjugated to the needs of the migrant community.And just -- was it yesterday, two cops were shot by a guy from Venezuela who crossed illegally, but who -- two cops are shot, one on the chest, one on the leg, crossed illegally.But apparently, Joe Biden gave 350,000 illegals amnesty by saying, you know, they don't have criminal records. And they're not a national security threat. Where there's no real closing, there's no real finality. It's just like, let them all in.WATTERS: We talked for many months, Harold Ford Jr. and I was sitting next to you and I told you how many times that he had the power. We pointed to the statute. The Congress had given him the power. You said no, Jesse Watters doesn't have the power, needs Congress. Who was right?FORD JR.: I think, of course, it's good to be back. I think we're both -- we're both partially right.Here's where I give him credit today. He's done I think all that he possibly can with an executive border. And President Trump, in fairness to him, did a lot with executive orders. President Trump promises in the campaign in 2016 that he would build a wall, he built about 40 miles. He promised that Mexico would pay for it, Mexico did not pay for it and I'm not faulting him.What I'm saying, it's an order for all the things we want to have happen on the border, it takes congressional approval, it takes congressional buy in and partnership to do it.So, I'll give the President Biden the benefit of the doubt, why I don't give him the benefit of the doubt, I'm going to benefit of the doubt that he's doing all he can and he needs Congress to do more. And he believes there was a comprehensive solution worked out, that James Lankford and others, Republicans worked on along with his administration, it was eventually rejected.Why I don't give the president benefit of the doubt is that I wished he had done this earlier, but as we know, Dana knows, probably as well as any having worked in the White House, only one of us have worked in the White House, policy formation is fluid. And probably the most powerful factor that contributes to policy formation is politics, in the most powerful element of politics is an election.And there's no doubt, being a few months out from an election to the Judge's point and everyone's point around the table about this issue. The fact that we are coming up on an election is certainly influencing this.But I don't fault people for being moved by the voters. Even if I think they've waited too long, I accept it. I accept what the Judge has accepted.Could that -- could we have more? Yes. But I believe the only way we get more is if Congress helps as well, because this is no -- by no means a comprehensive solution. It's going to take congressional buy in for the fentanyl and go down, for human trafficking to go down, for the terrorists coming across our border for that to go down. So, we were both right.WATTERS: OK, I'll take it. The politics of this, Dana, there were some no shows today. Some Democrats didn't want to really be involved in the ceremony.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, there are four Senate Democrats all up for reelection. They're in vulnerable positions right now, though, slightly ahead of the Republican challengers in each, but they don't want to be near Biden, because they know that their constituents are looking at those numbers that Harry Enten of CNN were showing and when he was like, Ooh, my goodness, look at this. That's all those people in those states feel including Arizona, Georgia, I think Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, were the four -- Montana, sorry.When Harold said that policies are fluid, and politics are, like, let's just look at a couple of things. So, it was 2017 when all of this anger at President Trump's policies came to bear, right?So, in 2016, the Democrats didn't have anything about asylum in their DNC convention. They didn't talk about it at all. Hillary Clinton didn't talk about it.Trump gets into office, Trump makes decisions. And then oh, my gosh, now the Democrats, they have to protect all the people of the world. They promise in their 2020 platform that they will protect people and reverse Trump's policies.And what did Biden do in his first two weeks? That's what he did. And so, he owns all of it.And the other thing I was thinking about today is he's so protected from ever having to actually deal with anything. Are you making fun of me?FORD JR.: No, Greg is making faces at me.PIRRO: Greg is making faces at Harold.PERINO: I was just like, I could feel like something was happening. Biden is so protected from all this.So, he invites these blue city mayors to come. He's never worked in local politics, right? He went straight to the Senate. And in the Senate, you get to basically you pass bills worth billions of dollars. And you never have to worry about actually writing a check for $750 to go for this playground, in this constituency.And local governments the hardest. And I imagine that a lot of them are sitting there saying, OK, I'm here because you're kind of forcing me to be here, but they know that the problems in their communities are caused by a decision in 2020 to reverse Trump's policies, and now they're trying to blame the Republicans.It's really quite something to see. And I don't think it will work politically, especially with those numbers.WATTERS: Greg, give us the global view here. You know, big picture.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I'm a big picture guy, you know what this reminds me of? How they frame inflation, you know, that when the rate drops, the prices still go up, but only slower.We have to remind ourselves, it's still going up, we should be calling this illegal inflation. But this proves the law that we already knew -- you like that?PERINO: I did.GUTFELD: OK, that's good. Elections have consequences, but for Democrats, the consequences of their policies jeopardize elections.So, that's when they suddenly care about you, and pretend to abandon all of their luxury beliefs for now. So, you know, whether it's their social justice agenda, DEI, climate change obsession, their embrace of sanctuary cities, and of course, supporting Joe Biden, all of that you could probably do in better times, when things weren't already in ruins due to four years of luxury beliefs.And that's the paradox, you know, in good times, Dems make it bad, because it's less noticeable during good times. Biden himself is a luxury hobby, just like defunding the police, denying inflation and supporting Ukraine.But when you can't support your own family, you can't support illegal families, and you can't support wars across the globe. So, don't ask anymore. We're all done.Trump, however, is not a luxury belief. It actually costs you to support him. You know, it's like when you come out for Trump, you endure the acrimony of people that you work with, people who think they're smarter than you. It's like it -- but it's like the short term -- it's the short term response to a long-term problem.You go to the gym, and it hurts in the beginning, but it pays off later. That's how you look at Trump. You look at Trump as a tough decision that helps you in the long term.And when you do it, it's brave, because you're enduring the emotional wrecks who will mock you. But when you support Trump, you realize you're not in luxury times. And that luxury beliefs cause these bad times. And the Dems, they won't help you. Because in their luxury beliefs, they don't care about the border. Right? They don't care about crime. They don't care about you.And this is just my point being this was just an action based on carrying about an election. The election looms, they're doing it. So, it's not about you.PIRRO: Can I add one stat in there?WATTERS: Sure.PIRRO: OK. Apparently, there's a poll that showed that 56 percent of Americans think that the illegals should be rounded up and deported. That's a huge number.WATTERS: Wow, Harold.PIRRO: And that's serious.FORD JR.: All I know is this, we have an opportunity to embrace this, if Republicans feels so strongly, they pass the bipartisan bill.WATTERS: How do you even show your face around here after that (INAUDIBLE)?FORD JR.: Democrats have won more races in 2020 than Republicans have.PIRRO: Touche, Harold.WATTERS: Ahead, Hunter Biden speaks at his gun trial. Find out what happened, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Opening arguments in Hunter's gun trial kicking off with a bang, as the DOJ introduced the infamous laptop from hell into evidence. The MacBook Pro 13 that 51 Intel doofuses said was phony Russian disinfo was a tangible piece of evidence today, literally wrapped in plastic.And brought to the prosecution's first witness and FBI special agent who authenticated to the jury. Another explosive moment, Hunter forced to sit and listen to the sound of his own voice as they played excerpts from his audiobook where he boasted about his crackhead wisdom.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HUNTER BIDEN, JOE BIDEN'S SON: Crack takes you into the darkest recesses of your soul, as well as the darkest quarters of every community. I had done it everywhere I'd been in the last few months. I could get off a plane in Timbuktu and score a bag of crack.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Stop bragging.The same media who salivated at every tawdry detail of Trump's hush money trial now feel bad that the Biden's have to deal with such embarrassing details. It's an interesting comparison, Dana, because -- we have video? No? Oh, soundbite? Never mind. We didn't need it anyway. You want to hear my voice instead.So, you have this natural comparison where you have people who can't even explain what Trump was found guilty of. But here, he's actually explaining it. Like, there's no way he's not guilty. And yet somehow the sympathy is outpouring to him because you know, he's not Trump.PERINO: And it's -- yes, you're right. It's so clear. And even after the verdict a week later, everyone's like, well, actually, no, that does still doesn't make sense. And I think that one thing I've noticed in this trial is that the prosecutors came to play. They are really going hard at this. They are saying that they're going to make sure that these charges stick and I was talking to the judge this morning on "NEWSROOM" about if only they hadn't tried to overreach in his plea deal two years ago, this wouldn't even be happening to them. So, oh, well.GUTFELD: Hi, Jesse.WATTERS: Hi.GUTFELD: What do you think of the argument that you're seeing in social media where the young people are, you're probably not familiar with it. The argument that the Hunter trial shows you that Trump's trial was the legit because the scales are balanced. They're going after him too. What do you say to that difficult question?WATTERS: Well, he wasn't getting home cooking. I mean, he's in deep blue Manhattan, and they had to invent a charge. And this is a case that's a slam dunk. You have everything lined up perfectly. This should be a slam dunk. But have you seen these jurors, Greg?GUTFELD: I've heard about them.WATTERS: One juror childhood best friend died from a heroin overdose. Other juror has an alcoholic brother-in-law. Another juror pled guilty to a DUI, other juror has an older brother addicted to PCP and heroin. One juror says you should be able to buy a gun if you're smoking weed.Another juror worked for the Secret Service and her husband is currently a secret service member. At that point, Ashley Biden smiled. And then -- and then, the alternate is an Obama donor.PERINO: That's a jury of his peers.GUTFELD: Nicely done.WATTERS: That's a good point, Dana because when he says crack takes you to the darkest place in your soul, it made me want to do crack.GUTFELD: No, you know what, don't do it.WATTERS: I'm not going to do it. But your point is right about the prosecution, they were humiliated when the plea deal blow up.But I think they're going to go hard. They're going to try to get a conviction, but they can still get the conviction and ask for no prison sentence and still walk away from this balance.I just hate how the media talks about the Biden family, the way they talk about the Trump family. They keep talking about the way that the father has loved for Hunter. And now this beautiful, special relationship.He's a crackhead. He pays for prostitutes. He squirrels out of alimony, squirrels out of child support. The guy is a wretched, wretched human being.And the Trump kids don't do drugs. They didn't smoke cigarettes. They're a part of the family company. They have beautiful families. And they talk about Eric and Don like they're scoundrels. Like Trump doesn't even like his own sons.It's ridiculous. When you raise a son, you're responsible for that son. It's not like raising a daughter, it's different.PIRRO: Oh, come on, Jesse. End it right there.WATTERS: Every father knows what I'm talking about. You have to mold this child into a man. And that comes with responsibility, discipline, morality, and you have -- you have responsibility to send this son into the world as a responsible civilian. Joe Biden didn't do that.PIRRO: How about the girls? How do you raise your daughter?WATTERS: I give them everything they want.GUTFELD: There you go.PERINO: I know what you mean though.GUTFELD: Yes, it sounded funny when it first came out.WATTERS: Yes, it sounded bad at first.GUTFELD: Then you saved yourself with that thoughtful analysis.WATTERS: Who saw that coming?GUTFELD: Yes, for a change in pace, let's go to Harold.So, Harold, Jesse makes a good point that it's like -- it seems like the Bidens are getting a just a plethora of sympathy, right? And they're -- and they're playing the, you know, the loving father and the suffering son, when really the story is, you know, Hunter's the rainmaker for a greedy dad, at least that's what you -- just how you described it earlier in the greenroom.FORD JR.: So, prosecutors bring cases where the crime -- where a crime was allegedly committed, the crime was committed in Delaware. So, it makes sense why they brought it in Delaware, why they would have to bring it in there.Number two, the defense then bring the case against themselves and the prosecution ended defense had to agree on that the juror --WATTERS: I think he did bring the case against themselves when he put his laptop out to the whole world.FORD JR.: But he didn't bring a case against him. So, I'm just saying, the evidence for the case to be brought was there but like, I'm not -- I'm not quarreling with him at all. The only point I make is that prosecutors brought this case.Number two, juries. If you ask -- imagine if you asked the jurors -- imagine, if you ask the jury pool here in New York the kinds of question, innate (ph) question they were asking this jury about because it's relevant to this case about drug use about alcohol abuse. Have you had this in your family? I would imagine that a number of those jurors in that jury pool would probably have people in their families who experienced unfortunately these kinds of things. I have in my family, like I'm sure others have.Number three. One of the things that I find refreshing about this and this is not to be totally critical of President Trump, but we don't hear anybody attacking the judicial system, the court, the judge or any of that.GUTFELD: That's so nice.FORD JR.: But you don't hear -- you don't hear Hunter Biden. He's letting his lawyers do their job.Now, I will tell you, the -- what I heard the day that the words of Hunter Biden, we -- I think we replayed what was played in the courtroom because we don't have any cameras or audio in the courtroom and you can't have people texting out of the courtroom like we were able to in the Trump trial. Those are damaging words. And that seems to me to be prima facie there that a crime was committed.And again, I've said it from the very beginning. He's innocent until proven guilty. And if he's proven guilty, he has to accept the consequences. And I think he and his father and his mother and his stepmother, whether stepmother, he calls his mom will have to accept that. But we'll have to wait and see.And Mr. Trump was convicted for falsifying business records, just in case.WATTERS: Yes, the reason Trump was saying that was because he's running for president. I mean, he had to make his case.GUTFELD: Yes. And also, I mean -- and also, he -- I want you to respond to this. It's like, Biden doesn't have to talk about it. He's the president. And he visited one of the chief witnesses. And then he goes bike riding with Hunter, knowing that's basically telling everybody in Delaware, you know, I'm here.PIRRO: Yes, we're all one big family. You know, but it is -- it is wonderful that we can actually watch a trial and know what the charges are right from the get go.But I think that -- I think Dana is right, the prosecutors didn't come to play here. They've got -- they're going to make a full-court press. They wanted to find out whether or not they could cross-examine Hunter on the being thrown out of the military for the use of his cocaine. They wanted to cross examine him on the lack of child support for Lunden Roberts.And so, it's curious now that we're hearing that James Biden is coming in. I don't know why the president's brother would be coming in. Somebody mentioned maybe he's a character witness.FORD JR.: Hunter Biden's attorneys are calling him.PIRRO: Yes, then he would come as a character witness for the defendant. And what's interesting is that if he does come as a character witness, all bets are off, everything that Hunter ever did is coming in. And that would be a very interesting take. But it's the women who were going to bring the Hunter Biden down. It's Kathleen Buhle, who said that she actually would have to go in the car to make sure there were no drugs in it. Because her daughter was driving she went in and found drugs or a crack pipe. I think it was 12 times.FORD JR.: That's his ex-wife, just so people know.PIRRO: Sex -- thank you, Harold. I appreciate it. I do. Thank you.So Kathleen Buhle who was his wife at the time that she found drugs and a crack pipe in the car. And his brother, Beau's wife, apparently that the president visited is someone who can incriminate him as well. She's the person who took the gun and threw it in a garbage across from the -- from a high school.And then of course, Lunden Roberts is coming in as well, who was the mother of the child that the family didn't want to recognize.So, this is a relatively simple case how whether or not Hunter is an addict, and whether or not he knew what he was doing. And the defense is that, you know, denial of addiction, I was in rehab when in his own book, he actually said all of my energy in Delaware in October of 2018, when this indictment alleges he made the application was around smoking drugs, making arrangements to buy drugs and feeding the beast, that's right out of Hunter's mouth.So, the circumstantial evidence of the laptop is going to be damaging, and I can't imagine that the defense is going to win in this case.GUTFELD: All righty then, coming up, one of the biggest liberal commentators on the planet makes a shocking prediction about Joe Biden.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Joe Biden is trying to get his money's worth out of the Democrats anti-Trump lawfare. The President telling a group of elite Democratic donors at a fundraiser last night, "For the very first time in American history, a former president that is a convicted felon is now seeking the office of the presidency."But even Liberal Bill Maher knows that lawfare won't save Joe Biden in November.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, COMEDIAN: I would vote for his head in a jar of blue liquid over Donald Trump. But that doesn't mean that I'm not -- first of all, I don't think -- I think it's a moot point at this point. He's going to (BLEEP) lose.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK, Jesse, 67 percent of voters say that a conviction will make no difference or makes no difference. And that includes 74 percent of Independence which I thought was kind of shocking.WATTERS: Yes, this isn't moving the needle at all. And so what if he's a convicted felon? The Democrats convicted him. Democrat jury, Democrat judge, Democrat prosecutor, it's all a Democrat scam. Everybody knows that. And if you look at the money, Judge, have you ever seen fundraising?PIRRO: $200 million.WATTERS: $200 million.PERINO: Maybe more.WATTERS: And he's had to shell out money for lawyers for the last year and a half. And he's had to shell off money to beat DeSantis and Haley. And now he's basically caught up to the Biden war chest which is astounding. So, that was Biden's one big advantage was cash. That's gone. So, now they're going to be equal going into the summer where they got a debate coming up and an awful embarrassing and ridiculous trial, son is just a scoundrel.And how are they saying this laptop is fake when they're now using it in court to prove a crime? This whole thing is coming undone, and the stupid executive order is not going to save it. There's bullet holes through the whole thing. You can still get let in, Judge. They can still say oh, well, you didn't come in legally but we can't repel you to Mexico. Venezuela won't accept flights. They're still letting them into the country. This is all going downhill for Joe Biden. I don't see anything that can turn it around.PIRRO: You know, Harold, I think that a lot of the Democrats are holding out hope that, you know, some of the Republicans won't vote for Trump. But apparently, 25 percent of the Republicans said they're even more likely to vote for Donald Trump now that he's been convicted. So that, and -- plus with the Independents now. I mean, are you a little worried about, you know, Donald Trump catching up?FORD JR.: Well, I'm always -- I'm always concerned about these things. I think -- I have great respect for Bill Maher but I'm not going to take his word that the -- that he knows what's going to happen the election. I think there's six states will -- that will decide, Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania. The polling data over the next several days and next few weeks about how Haley supporters in no states and Independent voters in no states. And I would even argue women in the suburbs and key parts of where you're from, Jesse, in Pennsylvania will make -- for me will be more dispositive and determinative.I think as this race gets joined, I think one of the things that's been said around the table a lot about President Trump and the great things that happened when he was president, there's no doubt we had record highs in the Dow, we have had record highs under President Biden. He's right when he says inflation has risen more under President Biden than it did under him. But under President Trump, I'll remind America, we lost three million -- we lost three million jobs. We've gained 15 million under President Biden. Three million Americans lost their health insurance.This race is going to get joined. It will be interesting as it goes along. But I don't -- I don't deny the fact that inflation, the cost of living are factors on everyday voter minds. But I just can't take a prediction in June about what's going to happen in November. By the time the election happens, we'll know who won the World Series.PIRRO: Is it that tight, Dana?PERINO: Well, the election is five months from tomorrow. And so, it's getting late early. Somebody said that. Yogi Berra maybe, I think, or something.FORD JR.: Let me give it to Dana Perino.PERINO: But one of the things about Biden saying this about Joe -- Donald Trump now is that it belies the whole thing that he said all along which is that I'm above this, I'm not going to get involved, I'm not going to pay attention to it. And it's like, well, actually, in your private fundraisers when you're playing to the MSNBC crowd, you are, because they think that this is going to work for them.He has to -- again President Biden at this point five months from tomorrow, he's still trying to solidify his base while I mentioned yesterday Donald Trump is chipping away a little bit by bit at the low propensity voters and the swing voters.The other thing is you know how Biden always says, don't compare me to the almighty, compare me to the alternative. I think that President Trump should open the debate that way and just that -- take his line and just say don't compare me to the almighty, this is the -- this is your alternative, America. And let people make a decision based on what they want the next four years to look like.PIRRO: Greg, wouldn't you agree that because the left has been calling Donald Trump everything from Hitler to a Russian asset to -- that they overplayed their hands so early? I mean, that you know, he's being a convicted felon, everybody's like nonplused about it.GUTFELD: It goes back to what I said before when they say he's a convicted felon. You just go, so? I'd rather have a president who can serve a sentence than one who can't complete one.PIRRO: that was good.GUTFELD: So, you know, we're a nation started by outlaws, adventurers, and outsiders. There's nothing more American than a lone man battling a corrupt system, a power mad system run by some arrogant elitists. After all, Trump got convicted and Biden isn't and that's because one is a dangerous rebel, the other is the hood ornament of this corrupt system that convicted Trump.So, the reversal is complete. The left is now the man. Remember we grew up who's the man? It was always some concern. The left is the man and the right is the freedom fighter. That's why it's so easy to embrace Trump. You know, and by the way, I want to ask Harold this. Have you ever met Alex Soros?FORD JR.: I have.GUTFELD: OK. Why is it when these fingerprints are everywhere, he's the guy that's been pushing the phrase, convicted felon, convicted felon, how mentally embarrassing is he that you've never seen him on TV? He's behind everything awful. Is there something cuckoo wrong with him?FORD JR.: Not that I know of, but I mean --PIRRO: Did you have a conversation with him?GUTFELD: What's going on? What's going on, Harold? What are you hiding?PIRRO: Is he capable.FORD JR.: Here's what I know. Look --GUTFELD: But he's the one that's been pushing the convicted felon thing. And whatever --FORD JR.: If it were turned -- if it were revers and Joe Biden had been convicted of 34 counts, would Donald Trump not be saying the same thing?WATTERS: Harold, he's not smart enough to be convicted. His own Justice Department said that.PIRRO: We can't prosecute him.FORD JR.: But you want -- I know you want to laugh about it. That's fine. But if he worked -- if it were reversed, do you think Donald Trump would be calling Joe Biden? Let me answer it for you. Yes, he would.PERINO: But he wouldn't have pretended that he wasn't going to. And that's what my point was is that Biden all along was like, I will -- I will have no fingerprints on this. But then he goes behind the scenes and he calls him what we said.PIRRO: And we know that when Donald Trump was President, he didn't use the Department of Justice to go after his political enemies, not once.FORD JR.: Like they say in Good Fellas, what's done is done.PIRRO: All right, ahead, reporting crime is now racist. Democrats have found another way to destroy their cities.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Reporting crime is now, guess what? Racist. Despite violence running rampant in her area, Progressive Chicago Democrat announcing that she will no longer share crime alerts with her constituents unless they "opt in for it." She claims that the notifications lead to an "inaccurate public perception," and added this in her blog. Research also shows us that overreporting of crime negatively impacts our most marginalized and underserved neighbors.I think that would be victims if we don't -- if we don't give them real- time information. I want to be up front. I think we should provide this all the time real time to cops and communities. Greg, how do you feel about this?GUTFELD: If only you could opt out of crime. Unfortunately, you can't. The logic here is that reporting crime is somehow more harmful than the crime itself or you wouldn't be preventing the information like you say from future potential victims. What if we apply this logic to other areas? Get rid of food labeling. Don't put warnings on cigarettes or household cleaners because that might frighten the children. You know, oh, let them drink the Drano instead.So, they're basically saying that the citizens can't handle the truth and yet the politic -- the politicians will obviously have this information and know what neighborhoods not to walk in, what streets are dangerous. So, behind all this is a cowardice. You know, I don't want to be seen as racist if all the reports of crime lead in one direction. But then that assumption is actually racist because you assume Black victims care more about Black criminals than their own personal safety.FORD JR.: And you also assume that all the crime is being committed by Blacks which it's not.PERINO: Right.FORD JR.: Dana, what are your -- what are your thoughts about this?PERINO: Well, I'm OK if people want to opt in. I actually don't. I don't want to have the alerts on my phone. I had a friend -- oh, you know her, Lauren Fritz.GUTFELD: Of course.PERINO: Lauren Fritz, and she had one of those apps on her phone that was - - that would tell you every time there was like anything happening. And her phone was going crazy. She lives in New York city so it was like, there was a rubbery, there was this, there was that. And it was -- it was too much. And even -- like, if you watch local news in most big major cities --FORD JR.: All it is.PERINO: It's the first 20 minutes is all about the crime. And sometimes you might -- you might just need a little piece of it. You -- if I'm -- so I'm okay with the opting in. What I also think is interesting though is that many of these cities are refusing to turn over their crime stats to the FBI. And that's why things are all screwed up. And then the White House is like, actually, crime is down. Like, actually it's not. Actually, it is and then we have this debate. But people can see with their own eyes. They know they're -- they know their cities are in bad shape.FORD JR.: You were judge and prosecuted when we didn't have all the technology that were -- the fact we can even have these options. Does this help to not -- I mean, not have this information bombarded? In all fairness, I mean -- and I think what she's talking about the race stuff is silly, but does this help or harm to not have communities know this real time?PIRRO: Well, I understand what Dana is saying. If you've got a phone and you're being bombarded all day long, you're at work and you know, your house is being held up, the house X door is burned down, there's a gang at the other end -- I mean, you don't have time for that.But the thing that we have now that is so helpful is this thing in Chicago called a shot shooter or is that what it is. If there's a gunshot, it sends an alert. And Brandon Johnson wants to get rid of it in Chicago. He says it's scaring people.FORD JR.: Shot spotter.PIRRO: Well, I think if there's a shot shooter --FORD JR.: Shot spotter.PIRRO: Shot spotter, all right. That it sends an alert. And it seems to me that it sends the alert, the police show up. And if someone has been injured, they have a chance of surviving. And if someone else that knows the police are coming, they have a chance of not being a victim. But he -- but to show how politics play into it, he's keeping this spot shutter or whatever it is until after the DNC because he knows it works, but he doesn't want the people in Chicago to be -- to be aware of how much crime there is. It's almost like ignorance is bliss and the less you know about it the better off you'll be. But the more cops know about it the safer we'll all be.FORD JR.: I sometimes feel like I need one of those on this show. But Jesse, what are your thoughts about the shot spotter and everything?WATTERS: Well, Harold, the crime in the south side of Chicago is being committed predominantly by African-Americans. It's a predominantly African- American part of Chicago. And as someone who is 0.1 percent African- American, it is racist to say that this community can't get better or some would say get it together. Someone wrote a book about that that went to number one and is still available on Amazon or where books are sold.GUTFELD: That was perfect.FORD JR.: You have any thoughts on it?WATTERS: Harold, we have to go to commercial.FORD JR.: Ahead, the House floor -- the House floor getting a little silly and it's not the lawmakers for a change.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: The people who say Congress acts like a daycare, well, they might have a point. The six-year-old son of Tennessee Representative John Rose making some goofy faces as his father delivered remarks on the House floor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JOHN ROSE (R-TN): We'd be well served to remember the long and cherished tradition we have in this country of settling our political differences at the ballot box.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Jesse, I can't wait till Jesse Jr. is just right here behind you making some faces.WATTERS: Well, he's cute. I didn't know he could move his tongue like that but -- it makes me like Congress. I don't like Congress but then when I see a little kid like that, it makes me think they should just have to bring your kid to school day -- Congress day all day long.PERINO: Maybe they would behave better, Harold.FORD JR.: Given the level of debate in Congress over the last several years, this was uh maybe the finest moment we've seen in a while. I grew up like that kid. My dad got elected to Congress when I was 4 years old. And there were no TVs there. But I didn't my dad's first commercial when he ran for Congress. It was a radio commercial. I said if you want better housing, better schools, and lower cookie prices, vote for my dad.So, I love what that kid did. And I saw him all day on TV and he was great.PERINO: He's great.FORD JR.: The dad was too.PERINO: Judge?PIRRO: I think he's adorable. I think he was doing his Biden impression. Look at that.PERINO: He was a real ham, Greg. They call that a ham.GUTFELD: Apparently, you guys never heard of SFD, silly face syndrome. Oh, I'm sorry, silly face disorder. There's no known cure and it affects young boys ages 4 to 12. Parents often worry if they keep doing it that way, it could stay that way. And a lot of these kids say their faces don't feel right in their head. It's a kind of a facial dysmorphia disorder. He might need surgery. So, you guys have a great time.WATTERS: I'm going to apologize right now. I'm sorry.GUTFELD: I think you should apologize.PERINO: We apologize, kid.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: And "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Judge.PIRRO: OK, it's time for --PERINO: I love this.PIRRO: Don't you just love it when clueless criminals think they know the law?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, it seems like you got to warrant out of Citrus County.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You're not allowed to stop me.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am because you matched the description of a wanted fugitive, OK.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK, well, I'm not wanted.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Don't you drive off. Don't you do it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, I'm not wanted.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Oh, boy.PIRRO: Oh, boy. As you can see, her escape did not go as planned and she could clearly use a lesson in criminal law.WATTERS: Not good, babe. Not good. Greg?GUTFELD: All right, tonight, what a show. Mike Baker, Emily Compagno, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. That's a classic lineup for a classic show 10:00 p.m. Let's do this. Greg's Absolutely Disgusting News now with Retson (ph). All right, you want to see something disgusting? Take a look at this disgusting newborn pudu fawn. It's a type of deer sleeping under a little tree stump in a scene out of a --PERINO: It look like a --PIRRO: Fox.PERINO: Like a fox deer.GUTFELD: It's the world's smallest deer. And they're native to South American rainforest.PERINO: Actually, I need to correct you.GUTFELD: What?PERINO: You are the world's sweetest small deer.GUTFELD: Stop fawning over me. Oh, buck off.WATTERS: Dana?PERINO: OK. Hey, Bowser the Mastiff, he sometimes needs help getting out of small spaces. Like -- so, he's quite large he tends to overestimate, and he can't figure out a way to get out of the bathroom when he goes in. So, they have to go out and back him up with a little beep, beep, beep noise to get him out of there. Good luck to you, Bowser.And if you haven't listened already, the latest Perino On Politics is with Colin Reed. Let me give you a little update.WATTERS: All right, you guys want to see a $4 million cow?PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: All right, Viatina, 19, Brazilian beef sold for $4.3 million. She's the secretary of cows, the Rolls-Royce of livestock. She weighs 2800 pounds and watched over by a security camera, a veterinarian, and an armed guard at all times.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," how to escape a sex cult?GUTFELD: Why would you?WATTERS: The Get Together Series continues. It's not funny, Greg. Sex cults are no laughing matter. Harold?FORD JR.: Michael Jordan Trading Card sold for $2.9 million on Saturday. It's the only one, first one with him wearing the Chicago Bulls jersey. But the all-time -- all-time card sale was Mickey Mantle, $12.6 million back in 2020.PERINO: I can't believe I threw mine away.WATTERS: I'd rather have the cow. Have a great night, everybody!