BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Congresswoman Katie Porter and House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer first interview together on landmark presidential ethics reform legislation. We'll bring you that story about Graceland, we mentioned earlier as well. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. Fair, balanced, and unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Thanks so much for joining us as always. All right, Kentucky and Georgia polls, they've just closed. Wow. OK. All eyes are on Georgia where another case against Trump hangs in the balance. And tonight, voters decide on whether to reelect Fulton County D.A. Fani Willis. Take the load off, Fani and Judge McAfee. So, will they be saved by the voters or get tossed to the curb? Results will be coming in at the bottom of the screen. We're going to bring you any major developments as they come in.But first, beyond a reasonable doubt. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. Now, we're never going to know just how much this Trump trial costs the taxpayers of New York, but has to be, I don't know in the tens of millions of dollars. And for every hour spent on this was one hour less spent on prosecuting real criminals still terrorizing the city. Not that bad has ever been Alvin Bragg's priority. We know that. He's on the side of the criminals.His sole focus has been to nail Donald Trump, no matter what it took, no matter how we had to contort the law, no matter how much he compromised his own credibility. He managed to bring a case using a novel interpretation of New York penal code 175.10 without ever specifying the predicate crime that took this from just a routine misdemeanor to a felony.Even a former assistant D.A. in the same office, Bragg now runs, was left scratching her head.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CATHERINE CHRISTIAN, FORMER MANHATTAN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL: Do we know definitively what that other crime is, the prosecution is saying that Donald Trump intended to commit or conceal. That's a problem that we don't know.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: On the other cable nets, the best legal experts were just trying to work overtime to present a charitable view of what was a fatally flawed case from the outset.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELIE HONIG, CNN SENIOR LEGAL ANALYST: It's not your most straightforward charges. It's not like well, I charge you jury on the elements of robbery, here are the elements of even fraud can be straightforward. It's complicated. But it's been tested thus far in this court, and I think it's -- I don't think an Appeals Court is going to say this as an illegal way to charge a crime. But there is a bit of uncertainty in this.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: A bit of uncertainty. You think? How does our system of justice make any sense at all, if a defendant doesn't have to be really told what the underlying crime is that he committed? Remember, take a step back for a moment, falsifying business records, in this case, the 34 entries and the detail general ledger for the Donald J. Trump revocable trust. That's not enough.Bragg must also show the intent to commit another crime and aid in the concealment and the commission thereof. OK, that's what the indictment read. But first, there was no documentary evidence presented to indicate that Trump himself directed fraudulent invoices or accounting.Michael Cohen, the liar, the tax evader, and the thief has zero cred. Second, there was no other crime, paying hush money isn't a campaign contribution. But of course, the jury may not know this, because cleverly or in a biased fashion, Merchan would not allow defense testimony to that subject by former FEC chairman, the guy who knows something about campaign finance law, Bradley Smith, who would have blown up the prosecution's flimsy theory.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRADLEY SMITH, FORMER FEC CHAIRMAN: Federal law does not say that anything that you think might help you win an election is a campaign expense, rather, it's an objective test, in which things like polling, paying for staff, paying for headquarters, paying for advertisements, and so on. Those are campaign expenses. That's the problem that they have, he's trying to allege that these payments to Stormy Daniels were campaign expenses. And I think quite clearly, they exist from an obligation independent of Mr. Trump's campaign for president.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, now wonder that Merchan situation went down as it does, of course, he didn't want to hear. I have the jury hear from Bradley Smith, given what he just said, oh, no, you can't let the facts get in the way of a guilty verdict, my friends. And as for the talking heads on cable, how these people are called legal analysts, when they don't actually cite the actual law is beyond me.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PAUL BUTLER, MSNBC LEGAL ANALYST: The jury got to use its common sense. I think one of the most important points to be made is, do you really think, ladies and gentlemen, the truth that Donald -- that Michael Cohen would have spent $130,000 of his own money if he wasn't darn sure that he was going to be reimbursed by Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is that...(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: If a jury can find the President, President Trump guilty beyond a reasonable doubt with this set of facts, with this totally compromised witness, with a totally novel application of the statute used against the chief rival of a sitting president, then all bets are off. After all, let's not forget who the linchpin is here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HONIG: Michael Cohen is the key link in the whole chain here and the chain of liability. If all that Donald Trump knew was, we're paying off Stormy Daniels, I want her quiet. And it's because of the election. That's not a crime under the law that's been charged here in New York, they have to tie Donald Trump to the accounting, to the falsification of the business records. And the only one who can directly do that is Michael Cohen through conversations.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Through conversations in a photograph. What a joke. And today, it looks like Judge Merchan gave the defense another issue to appeal. No specific crime apparently is needed to be instructed to the jury. The jury instructions again, it appears that they will lean toward just pick the crime you're most comfortable with.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Merchan has just ruled that if the jurors find that Trump made or cause to be made false business records in order to conceal a conspiracy to promote Trump's election through unlawful means, the jurors can have different ideas about what those unlawful means are.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a very prosecution friendly. So again, this is a win for the government. Because if all jurors had to agree on which one of those three crimes Trump had the intent to conceal or commit, that would have been a problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, what you just heard, and what Judge Merchan has done here is antithetical to our understanding of justice in the United States of America. The defendant has the constitutional right to have the charges brought against him clearly spelled out so that he may put on a proper defense. And on top of all of that, Merchan issued the equivalent of what Byron York called a judicial gag order on that key defense expert witness.And a running gag order, of course, against the defendant. And yet, of course, he gave Stormy Daniels free rein to prattle on making mostly irrelevant and highly prejudicial remarks about her dealings with the President. What Merchan did was allow a case to go forward for which felony criminal conduct was never specifically alleged.Courts, you may know, can strike down entire statutes on grounds that they're impermissibly vague or overbroad. Well, this entire case should have been voided on vagueness grounds right off the bat. Is this a campaign finance case? Is it a tax case? Is it an election interference case? A simple bookkeeping case.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN TURLEY, GWU LAW PROFESSOR: What Merchan is suggesting is, I'll instruct the jury on all of the references to campaign violations. I think that's coming really too late. The judge has allowed them to say there were election violations. I'm quite convinced that that jury believes that there were election violations even though none have occurred in this case with regard to Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The only thing that this trial has proven beyond a reasonable doubt is that conflicted judges who partner with politically motivated prosecutors are a menace. They're perverters of the rule of law. So, let's hope that the voters see that a weaponized criminal justice system is no justice system at all.What's transpired in that dusty Manhattan courtroom, these past four weeks has been a complete and total farce akin to the show trials of the most vicious Soviet dictators. And that's the Angle.Joining us now is Chris Landau, former Scalia and Thomas clerk, former U.S. ambassador to Mexico and an appellate litigator. Chris, so the prosecution is arguing that you don't need to show willfulness to commit a certain crime here. And it's clear that the jury instructions are going to allow a lot of leeway for the jury to just decide for themselves that some predicate crime, and this add on felony crime exists, even though it hasn't been necessarily proven. How bizarre is this?CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER SCALIA AND THOMAS LAW CLERK: Laura, it's totally bizarre. And that is, as you alluded to, in your opening. That's the real problem here that we have this novel, untested legal theory that is based on Michael Cohen's testimony. And this is basically the legal trial of the leading presidential candidate from the opposition party to the government. I mean, it can't be that this is allowed to go. This is a travesty.And again, the criminal law as you just alluded to generally requires that the mental state of the defendant is critical, right? It's not enough that he just know that he did what he's charged with doing in a criminal law, he has to actually understand that it's unlawful. And if the judge strips all that out, as if this were just a civil case, this is going to be a totally target rich environment for Appellate reversal.The problem is, that probably won't happen till after the election. So, I think we have going on here is we have a train that is just going on, kind of autopilot, towards I think it's being driven to try to get a conviction, so there can be a campaign that says Trump is a convicted felon and then after the election, I think that we'll have 100 percent chance of getting overturned, but then it'll be like, oops, and I don't think you can just say, oops, never mind, my bad, when there's basically been nothing but election interference. I mean, this is actually, I think, a terrifying threat to democracy in our country.INGRAHAM: I alluded to the show trials of the old Soviet Union, because, you know, I studied Russian in college. And I remember reading about Lenin and Stalin, how they just put forth these their political opponents were summarily run through these fake trials, where justice was never the goal.LANDAU: Right.INGRAHAM: I never in my life thought I would see this in the United States of America, never in my life. And with all the political fighting that's gone on. I never thought I would see this where people say, you don't really need to know the crime. When the jury is deliberating. They don't really need to know the add on crime to make it a felony, they can just pick one of three.LANDAU: Well, they don't even -- they don't even know which of three. And apparently, they don't need to know much about things like federal campaign finance law. I mean, they can kind of decide for themselves what's -- whether this is a violation. I mean, these are incredibly complicated issues. I remember my former boss, Justice Scalia used to say, federal campaign finance law is one of the most complicated areas of the law. And this is somebody who was no slouch in the legal department.You can't just throw this to a jury and have a situation where Michael Cohen is opining that he thinks it's a campaign finance violation and expect them to be able to figure this out. Much less a jury that hasn't been really instructed on this, and hasn't been really, you know, given a full airing of what are these violations.Again, without even discussing the question, what the heck is a New York local Manhattan D.A. doing, trying to basically establish a federal campaign finance violation that the Feds didn't even bring? I mean, the whole thing, Laura, is so insane.INGRAHAM: Well, and the idea that Bradley Smith, who was chairman of the FEC, the fact that Merchan would not let him testify to the quintessential important definitions of what expenditures really mean, what does that mean, and under the rule of law, that tells you everything you need to know that he wasn't allowed to testify on that. Chris, great to have you on tonight of all nights. Thank you so much.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID CHALIAN, CNN POLITICAL DIRECTOR: We are moving to the phase of pure politics now because we're going to learn whether or not Donald Trump is going to run as the Republican nominee for president as a convicted criminal or not. 12 people are now going to tell us the answers to these big -- the biggest questions we have about the state of this presidential race so far.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now Missouri Senator Eric Schmitt, who attended the Trump trial today. Senator, what's your reaction to what you witnessed in the courthouse? I mean, it looks like most of the big issues in this jury instructions back and forth, went for the prosecution, the judge ruled in favor of the prosecution on key issues that go to the heart of this matter of what the underlying crime really is.SEN. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): Well, it was kind of a surreal experience, Laura, sitting in that courtroom in the front row today watching the proceedings, and you know, the defense ultimately resting and that this is America. This is the United States of America, we believe in something called American exceptionalism. We're an exception to history and that we believe in individual rights, and we believe in justice and Lady Justice is blind. That is not what's going on right now in New York.I think what you're seeing is to your point earlier, this is a Soviet style show trial. And that's it, right? This is meant and these charges were brought, people were running on doing this to try to interfere with the election into, quote, unquote, get Trump. And I think it's truly unprecedented.We talk about things being unprecedented all the time. This truly is unprecedented that essentially the Democrats are trying to take out their political opponent who's leading in the polls, was the 45th President, likely to be the 47th President. This is the stuff again that our State Department will be warning us about if we're happening in other countries, it's happening in the United States.So, I think the American people recognize this, and I don't think this election anymore, Laura is just about the candidates. It's about a cause. It's about America and the country we're going to be.INGRAHAM: Now the media. This is one of my favorite moments of today are claiming that people like you, Senator Schmitt and others who are attending this trial and going out and coming on shows like the Angle are helping to kind of backdoor a violation of the gag order for Trump. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: NBC reporting the coordination and organization between Trump and those supporters has stoke questions about whether the remarks by the cast of Republicans amounted to a violation of Trump's gag order.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's no doubt this is a violation of the gag order. The prosecutors could try to call some witnesses on it, they could do a side show on it, and I have no doubt they'd be able to prove up a violation of a gag order.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator, real quick.SCHMITT: Yes, listen, as a former prosecutor and attorney general, gag orders are typically meant to protect defendants. This is the same crowd, Laura, that doesn't believe in the First Amendment. They try to censor speech. They try to quell dissent. That's all they're doing here. And I'm going to continue to speak out. It's why I was there today to stand by President Trump and the rule of law.INGRAHAM: OK, a new court filing unsealed today, Senator, this just in, provided a behind the scenes look at how federal agents prepared for and executed the raid on Trump's Mar-a-Lago residence. That was back in August of 2022, including deadly force being within the mission's guidelines. Senator --SCHMITT: I mean, Laura --INGRAHAM: -- they were actually thinking of using deadly force or it's on the table that that might be necessary at Mar-a-Lago? Really?SCHMITT: if you ever needed -- yes, if you ever needed any more evidence about the two tiers of justice, you compare this authorization of deadly force for the former president, versus essentially the kid gloves they put on for Joe Biden, who had classified materials from his Senate days in a garage where Hunter Biden shares who was compromised by foreign governments, right? They treated these very differently. This is just sort of like the explanation --INGRAHAM: Well, it's not just that. Senator, they gave a heads up to the -- or the lawyer was allowed to go -- that White House lawyer was allowed to go to the garage and kind of check out the lay of the land first, right? Isn't that how it went down? So, it was deadly force. OK. That -- that -- really -- it's really lawfare.SCHMITT: It's great, Laura, I mean honestly, honestly --INGRAHAM: It's not funny.SCHMITT: It's crazy. It's crazy.INGRAHAM: Something -- something actually could have gone down, I guess at Mar-a-Lago beyond just looking for the documents. Senator, try not to violate any gag orders. surreptitiously. All right, take the load off Fani Willis. Well, that could actually be happening. Breaking news on her future, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: All right, Fox News alert, polls just closing in Georgia. We're watching the Fulton County D.A.'s race where Fani Willis is being challenged. Georgia State University Law Prof. Anthony Michael Kreis told to Axios about this that if Willis doesn't win, her successor could choose not to pursue the case or do so less vigorously. Well, her challenger has said that he would continue to pursue the case, but he questioned Willis's approach. Last night, Fani Willis made her pitch to Georgia voters on MSNBC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, FULTON COUNTY: I have a Democratic challenger and I plan to win and win big. I am at a point where I need Fulton County voters to get out and vote. I need people around the country to support me, big and small, to say that we are going to be a country that still believes in the rule of law.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's funny. Joining me now, Criminal Defense Attorney, Ashleigh Merchant, who argued for Willis' disqualification. Ashleigh, now you've exposed Ms. Willis for the fraud that she is. Are voters going to toss her to the curb tonight or give her the equivalent of a promotion by giving her vociferous and sustained support at the polls?ASHLEIGH MERCHANT, ARGUED FOR WILLIS' DISQUALIFICATION: You know, I hope so, I mean, it depends on what the Fulton County voters do and what they actually believe and if they actually come out and vote, but I think those who actually understand what's going on are going to vote her out.INGRAHAM: Last night she leveled what -- I mean it seemed to me at least to be a racial accusation against that oversight prosecution oversight panel. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILLIS: Georgia had never had a Prosecutorial Oversight Committee, and all of a sudden, 14 minorities were elected to office to serve as district attorney. And now all of a sudden, they need an oversight committee to look after district attorneys because they want to tell us how to prosecute and who to prosecute, and where we should put our resources. But apparently, we now need daddy to tell us how to do our job.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Seemed like she was reading that, maybe I'm incorrect there. But Ashleigh, you say the racial charges which clearly is what she's doing there are wrong, why?MERCHANT: It's not true at all. I mean, she has got this completely wrong in any prosecutor living in Georgia in the last five years would know what she is saying is not true and the reason that's not true is this bill came about when there was a white Republican in a suburban area of Atlanta, who would not leave office. He was indicted for bribery. He had a sexual harassment lawsuit.The county had to pay $300,000 for that lawsuit, and he just wouldn't leave. And the state bar wouldn't do anything. And his indictment was pending for so long. And the senator who actually introduced this prosecutorial oversight bill said, the process is taking too long. We can't wait for the voters. It takes too long.This is a white Republican prosecutor. This is not a racist law. Then, after he enacted that and actually presented this, the next person who was charged under this or who they talked about being charged under this was the prosecutor who refused to indict the folks who murdered Ahmaud Arbery. A black man. That was a very racially motivated case. And it was a white Republican who was the one who was the target of this. So, this is not a racist law.INGRAHAM: Well, she likes playing the race card. She does it a lot. She wants everyone to think she's a victim. And she's clearly the one on the hunt for Donald Trump. bias and all. Ashleigh, thank you. Now is this so- called bipartisan amnesty deal, well, they call it a border deal, but it's not a border deal back from the dead like Freddy Krueger. Well, details next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: In a new report, migrants are bum-rushing our Southern border because what? Well, they're worried that Biden's going to be voted out in November, this isn't surprising. The New York Post reporting illegal immigrants in Arizona are entering now, just in case Trump wins. One saying, we think with the elections, it will be harder. The other spoke more plainly, simply saying, we don't want Trump.Joining me now, Tom Holman, Fox News contributor, former acting director of ICE. Tom, the migrants want Biden, and they basically tell us the story that most of us know, that the open border has been courtesy of this president and his DHS.TOM HOMAN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You're exactly right. Look, the illegal aliens know that Trump comes into power, that border's going to be shut down, we're going to secure it. Look, they win a 45-year low on illegal immigration during Trump years. And not only do the illegal aliens know it, the cartels know it.So, the cartels, that's their big sales pitch right now to the most vulnerable people all over the world. Get to the United States now, because Trump will secure the border and shut it down like he did before.INGRAHAM: When you think about this new so-called immigration, old recycled immigration bill that Senator Lankford from Oklahoma, a Republican, thought he could, you know, work on with Schumer and just release at the last moment, and obviously a complete disaster.Why would any Republican in his right mind ever go along with this, knowing what we do? And we'll put up the bullet points in a moment.HOMAN: Look, I still can't figure out. Look, I've done this for over three decades. That's the worst border bill I've seen in my lifetime. And then want to blame President Trump for sabotaging the passage of that bill? Look, President Trump knows the border. He knows what works. He had unprecedented success.And he talked to people like me who told him this border bill is terrible. It didn't stop catch and release. It just keeps funding the NGO's for billions of dollars to be complicit in the smuggling of the illegal aliens in this country. It didn't do nothing about child or sex trafficking. It did nothing.And they said it's OK to have 4,000 to 5,000 illegal entries a day before they secure the border. That's 1.8 million a year. So, anybody, Republican, Democrat, Independent, thinks it's OK for 1.8 million crossings a year before we secure the border? It's ridiculous.I can't believe Lankford or anybody else will even think about supporting a bill like this.INGRAHAM: Well, it's really a migration bill, right? So, it kind of regularizes the levels of migration and the way they treat it. They treat it like these individuals, these people are animals. The Democrats treat them like animals.They're trafficked, subject to abuse. Women are raped. They have rape trees. That's how they treat them. Like it's just normal migration patterns. You hear the U.N. humanitarians say that a lot.But almost 2 million a year and nothing, no triggers in the law at all. Again, this is a migration and an amnesty bill. This is not an immigration enforcement bill. Tom, final thought.HOMAN: My biggest concern is the biggest national security vulnerability we've seen since 9-11. We got nearly 2 million got-aways. We got people from 180 countries been arrested. Some of these countries are sponsored by terror. They've arrested over 160 on terrorist watches on the southern border alone.Four years, we had 1,100 Trump. How many terrorists have crossed that border? How many terrorists are a part of that 2 million got-aways? You would think this would be a nonpartisan issue. Everybody on the Hill, Republican, Democrat, Independent, if you don't understand this is a national security crisis, then you shouldn't have that job you have on Capitol Hill.INGRAHAM: Only way to do this is get rid of this incumbent president, vote him out of office, and reelect the man who actually knows how to secure the border. Tom, always great to see you. Thank you.Now, how can you tell it's an election year? Well, Biden's suddenly scrambling to lower gas prices. That's how. But unfortunately, because of his administration's anti-oil and gas policies, domestic drilling off the table. He has only one way of doing this. Yeah, by draining our strategic petroleum reserve again.Now remember, he did this before the midterms too, putting our strategic reserves at dangerously low levels. Now today, the White House announced it will release 1 million barrels of gas from the Northeast Reserve.Now keep in mind that reserve was added 10 years ago after Hurricane Sandy, and it is meant for true emergencies. Hence, that's why it's called a reserve.But Biden only has a campaign emergency, but it's not supposed to be just a tool to boost a physically and intellectually sagging incumbent. Since Biden took office, he's depleted the reserve by more than 40 percent.Joining me now is conservative columnist, Chris Bedford. Chris, look, this is so transparent. They're not even trying to hide how political this is. I mean, when you think about what this means to our security, our national security, our energy security, I mean, I guess it's not technically impeachable, but man, it's an ethical disaster for them.CHRIS BEDFORD, CONSERVATIVE COLUMNIST: Well, it's certainly not strategic, at least for American strategic interests. It's only strategic politically. We're supposed to have about four months in the strategic oil reserves, now we've got about 20 days.Now, that's not really a problem, unless, of course, there is a problem. If you get another Hurricane Katrina, for example, we're beginning hurricane season now that wrecks refining down in the Gulf Coast.If the death in Iran escalates or if the war with Israel becomes such a -- grows in a way that cuts off oil to the United States, even temporarily, then that becomes a real danger. And Democrats have played politics with this for years. Remember, right now, Joe Biden is trying to refill this at nearly $80 a barrel.Now, just four years ago, when Donald Trump tried to fill it at about $24 a barrel, he was blocked by Democrats who said, now we're not going to do this right now. That's just a bailout to oil. They bragged about it, released press releases on it, and put us in a weaker position.INGRAHAM: Well, Fox News alert, Chris. The A.P. is reporting that the voters are keeping the load on Fani Willis. She's won the Georgia Fulton County D.A. Democratic primary. Obviously, she's extremely well-known. So, it looks like she'll get to proceed with her lawfare against Trump. Wow. All right, Chris, thank you.What's going on with today's kids?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: New details on a wild 400-person riot, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: A 400-person brawl breaks out after a Florida skating rink party is canceled? Yeah. Senior national correspondent Kevin Corke has all the details. Kevin, I saw this over the weekend online. I thought it was a joke. It was so sad. What can you tell us?KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, it was really crazy. Almost like a scene out of something you might expect to see, Laura, on, you know, like World Star Hip Hop. We're talking about absolute bedlam in Brandon, Florida.That's where law enforcement officials arrested 23 kids and six adults after a wild brawl erupted outside of a Brandon skating rink after a party there had been canceled. This all happened Saturday night.The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office said deputies were responding to a call after learning about a big fight that broke out after the party was canceled because the people who were hosting the party didn't hire an off- duty deputy, which is required.They got their money back, but that just seemed to set off the crowd, which as you point out, Laura, estimates of upwards of 400 people. They went off fighting, damaging businesses, stealing, disrupting operations, and more.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I'm utterly outraged by that type of behavior. It is anarchy. It is chaos. This disruptive, chaotic behavior that affects the safety of our community has no bearing here. This is unwarranted. This will be not tolerated.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: I really like the way he nailed that. It will not be tolerated. Now, ultimately, as I mentioned, they apprehended 23 juveniles who were taken to an assessment center, six adults all booked into the Orient Road Jail. They've all been charged with trespassing and more. Laura.INGRAHAM: And I love the people videoing it. Like, no one's trying to, like -- they're just videoing it.CORKE: Egging them on.INGRAHAM: And you turn those cameras off, a lot of that violence will probably go away. Kevin, thank you so much.CORKE: You bet.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yeah, that was what church goers experienced at Jesus's Dwelling Place Church in North Braddock, Pennsylvania. That was just a few weeks ago when a gunman tried to shoot a reverend during his sermon.Now, less than a week later, parishioners stopped a teen with a rifle from getting inside St. Mary Magdalene Catholic Church where 60 children were taking their first Holy Communion.And back in February, an armed woman barged into Joel Osteen's Lakewood Church in Houston with her seven-year-old in tow and opened fire.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)UNKNOWN: OK, take the weapon.UNKNOWN: Suspect is down, suspect is down. I need EMS ASAP for one small child.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Houses of worship being targeted by some of the most deranged members of our society. Now, security experts are urging U.S. churches to increase their safety measures with armed security at churches and synagogues.Joining me now, David Katz, Global Security Group founder and CEO. David, I look around when I'm at mass and I'm always looking at where the exits are, who might look out of place or might look nervous or wearing a big coat when you don't need a coat. So, this has affected the way I sit and feel in mass.But churches should not be in this situation where they have to hire security, but I guess this is the reality that we now face?DAVID KATZ, GLOBAL SECURITY GROUP FOUNDER AND CEO: It is absolutely the reality. And unfortunately, houses of worship are -- forget the risk that some houses of worship attract as far as terrorism, you have deranged individuals.You have people known to the community who, for whatever reason, choose that particular location, their house of worship, to try to perpetrate an act of violence.And you're right, it's just a horrific reality we face.INGRAHAM: Should the churches and synagogues have one entry point to make it clear who's coming in and who's coming out? I mean, I'm a neophyte on this. How do you guard against someone who wants to do harm short of having a metal detector?KATZ: You're definitely not a neophyte because you're doing all the right things. You're sitting in church, you're looking for people out of place, looking for that vibe that we all get when something that this isn't right.You want to have a single point of entry. You want to have people outside who are eyeballing and interacting with people coming in. And it's just -- I mean, it's axiomatic. You want to do -- you want to keep the threat outside if possible.So, more and more churches, because they just frankly don't have the budget to hire security, they're turning to -- they're internal, they're folks. And interestingly enough, most congregations, I mean, we've been doing this kind of training for 20 years. You always find a group, former military, active or former law enforcement, or just lay people who are willing to train and accept responsibility.And by the way, who's going to care more about the folks sitting in your congregation, a fellow congregant or a person you're hiring to watch the front door? It's the congregation themselves.INGRAHAM: Yeah, you know, prepare the way of the Lord and prepare parishioners for the way of deranged criminals. David, this is important information. I know we're going to check back with you on this. Thank you.All right, this can't be real. Is this real what I'm reading? Joe Biden gives dating advice? He has so much time on his hands. A CNN interview turns into a complete train wreck. Of course, Failla is here with that and more.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Oh, it's time for WTF, What the Failla. Joining me now, Jimmy Failla, host of Fox News Saturday Night. All right, Jimmy.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST: Hey, hey.INGRAHAM: We know you're a ladies' man. You have that reputation, at least. So, you must have sought out dating advice from Joe Biden?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I say to every young man thinking of getting married, marry into a family with five or more daughters. I did. My wife's the oldest of five sisters. You know why? One of them will always love you. Not the same one. One of them has always been on your side.(END VIDEO CLIP)FAILLA: Wow. Do you get the angle there? One of them will always love you. It sounds like somebody's been watching some risque films on the old company computer, Laura. I never thought I'd say this, but Joe might have a dirtier laptop than Hunter, OK?But here's my bigger issue. Nobody wants dating advice from a guy who sniffs kids, number one. Number two, where is this coming from? Like, I know it wasn't in the prompter. And if Biden was a rom-com, it would be when Harry forgot Sally's name.So, how is this even happening? I have so many questions.INGRAHAM: Well, the thing that's very odd about this is, I guess he's trying to say that one of the sisters will always be on your side.FAILLA: Yeah.INGRAHAM: Well, maybe he could have said that. But the fact that he had to say that one of them will always love you, especially with that odd diary situation.FAILLA: That's what I mean. It sounded -- oh, yeah.INGRAHAM: A little strange. Jimmy, CNN brought in a rapper named Cameron to discuss the Diddy story last night, and it perhaps didn't go as they had hoped.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Is there something known in the industry about how Diddy treated his artists? What about the industry in general? I mean, so many people have pointed out that Diddy couldn't get away with this stuff if there weren't a lot of people protecting him. Do you think that's the case?UNKNOWN: Who the talent agent for this drink? Like, you think I'd be sitting around watching what Diddy do and all this? I didn't know this was a Diddy joint that was inviting me to. Yo, who booked me for this joint?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It was one of the funniest things. I mean, he's promoting some -- I don't know what that is, energy shot or something.FAILLA: Well, to be clear, nobody is drinking more than the people who still watch CNN. It's like, you got to be taking it to the cabinet hard if you're still putting up with this, because does she have any background in broadcasting whatsoever?Like, you know this, doing live television. There comes like a cut and run moment in the interview where you realize this is not a serious entity, and she continued to question him as he keeps on drinking.INGRAHAM: Well, he should have said, well, thank you, Mr. Cam, or is it Ron? Or is it, Ron Cam? Or Cam, thank you, but we have to Ron. I mean, you just, you can't -- I felt bad for her.You can't let this -- I mean, but this is the problem, as you invite these individuals on and they don't know quite what you're going to get.FAILLA: And it's insensitive of him because he just offended both of their viewers. So, he should apologize.INGRAHAM: They were very upset. They had to go get a snack. But, oh my, it's just so -- it actually was like a Saturday Night Live thing because she's -- well, what do you think of James Madison's contributions to the Federalist Papers?All right, Peacock just released a trailer for its new series titled, Queer Planet, Jimmy. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Everything you were taught as a kid is wrong.UNKNOWN: You make me want to dance.UNKNOWN: Gay penguins, bisexual lions, sex-changing clownfish. This is a queer planet. The idea of just having two fixed sexes is clearly out of style.UNKNOWN: Dance.UNKNOWN: Mother Nature is pretty open-minded.(END VIDEO CLIP)FAILLA: Nobody asked for this, Laura. Nobody. No little kid wants a copy of Bi Curious George, OK? We don't want to have our birthday party at a heavy petting zoo, OK? And this idea that they've now got to make Mr. Ed, Mrs. Ed, kind of a no-go, because they're just -- I don't even doubt that it goes on. But why is it being crowbarred into every aspect of my life?INGRAHAM: Well, I'm glad you didn't make the joke about the Lassie movie. So, I'm glad you didn't make that joke. All right, Jimmy.Jimmy, Goodfellas fans have pointed out that AMC Networks added a viewer discretion warning before watching the movie. It reads, this film includes language and or cultural stereotypes that are inconsistent with today's standards of inclusion and tolerance and may offend some viewers. OK, Jimmy.FAILLA: Oh my gosh, this is embarrassing.INGRAHAM: Hollywood, they aren't making any real films anymore. I mean, they're making films, but they're all kind of repeats of the old films or cartoons or things like that. But, so now Goodfellas needs a warning.FAILLA: Can we even call them Goodfellas? I mean, are they good persons? Should we be assuming the gender of any of these mobsters? I mean, that's so insensitive. It's like Goodfellas is people getting stabbed, shot, strangled, left in an ice freezer.If the Italian stereotypes are what get you, you have problems AMC can't solve. I am Italian. No Italian asked for this. This is like our Superbowl. We don't want you to de-Italian our Goodfellas. Shut up, shut up.INGRAHAM: Jimmy, great to see you. You went for the casual look tonight.FAILLA: I did.INGRAHAM: Not too flamboyant, but maybe we'll put you in the next animal special. Jimmy, great to see you. Up next, Jesse Watters.