CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Enjoy the hot dog. How about --TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I want a hot dog now. It backfired.HURT: Yes. Exactly.TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I think it looks good.HURT: Yes, well, any hot dog does.BRUCE: Yes.HURT: Okay, that does it for us. We will see you tomorrow at 7:00 PM Eastern for "The Big Weekend Show."LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Saturday.We have two great guests this evening. We have Leo Terrell and Victor Davis Hanson.But before I get to them, did you see President Biden's speech the other day? If you blinked, you probably missed it. Not so much a speech, kind of a statement. This man is so thoroughly pathetic.He has no moral center. Oh, he says, you know, we believe in free speech. And of course, violence isn't free speech, so you kids behave yourselves there. And we can't have antisemitism, but we also can have Islamophobia, and so forth and so on.So for his base, probably good enough, but this will not go down as one of the great speeches in American history when that's exactly what we needed.It will not go down as a profile and courage because that's not what he is, he has linguini for a spine. This man is truly pathetic.At a time when we need a great president and a great statesman, a great leader, we don't have one. We have the absolute opposite.Here's the speech. Absolutely useless. Too little too late, Joe.Something is going on in this country that is really quite amazing to me. Let's begin here with October 7th.How many news organizations, how many news platforms have played for you the video of what took place on October 7th? Well, a lot of it. It's on the internet.We have a lot of it because the monsters who perpetrated those heinous crimes of inhumanity, they took the video. They are very proud of it.The video was captured by the IDF, the Israelis. As I say, it is online. There's a 47-minute video that shows in excruciating detail how the Islamist Hamas Nazis murdered people, raped people, butchered people, burned them alive, decapitated them, cut off their breasts, shot them in the groin.Oh, there's all kinds of stuff -- mass rape. Have you ever seen it on TV? Cable or network. No, you haven't. Why?You haven't even seen video that doesn't show the worst of it, video where the terrorists are just going through the Nova festival field showing of the kids they murdered, shot in the back, shot in the chest, shot in the head. Have you seen any of that on TV? No, you haven't seen any of it.And yet, you don't have to look very hard to find images, video, photographs of what took place during the Third Reich, when the concentration camps were finally discovered and General Eisenhower, among others, saw what took place.So we don't get video in our media, our main media of October 7th, oh, it is too gruesome. Instead, we get these looped videos over and over again of buildings in Gaza that have been destroyed because Hamas either destroyed them or they had the terrorists there, or they had their munitions there, and of course, it's Israel's fault, so we see all of that, over and over and over again.But we don't see that on October 7th. Oh, yes, we'll see some empty buildings. Oh, yes, we'll see bullet holes. Oh, yes, we'll see hosts who tour the areas and tell us what took place, but you won't see the video that exists. Why is that? It's called censorship. That's why.The American media is censoring what took place on October 7. Again, you can see it online, but the mass media where most people go for their news, you won't see it. It is being covered up.We tell you of a different time, as the end of World War Two was coming, as history unfolded reports, April 19, 1945, General Eisenhower invited members of Congress and journalists to see the newly liberated camps, the death camps, so they can bring the horrible truth about Nazi atrocities to the American public.Are we seeing that today? The Islam-o-Nazi horrific acts? No, we're not.Late 1944 and early 1945, as Allied troops defeated the German army, they moved across Europe into Germany, they encountered tens of thousands of concentration camp prisoners. It goes on to say, the first Nazi camp liberated by US forces was Ohrdruf, a sub camp of Buchenwald. The main camp would be liberated one week later.When soldiers of the Fourth Armored Division entered the camp, they discovered piles of bodies, some covered with lime, others partially incinerated on pyres.The ghastly nature of their discovery led General Dwight D. Eisenhower, Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe to visit the camp on April 12th, with Generals George S. Patton and Omar Bradley.And after his visit, Eisenhower cabled General George C. Marshall, the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from Washington, describing his trip to the death camp. He said, the things I saw beggar description. The visual evidence and the verbal testimony of starvation, cruelty and bestiality were so overpowering so as to leave me a bit sick. I made the visit deliberately in order to be in a position to give firsthand evidence of these things, if ever in the future, there develops a tendency to charge these allegations merely to propaganda.Eisenhower's cable to Marshall on April 19, 1945, and I quote: "We continue to discover German concentration camps for political prisoners, which conditions of indescribable horror prevail." From Eisenhower to General Marshall for eyes only. "I visited one of these myself, and I show you that whatever has been printed on them today has been under stated.""If you would see any advantage and asking about a dozen leaders of Congress and a dozen prominent editors to take a short visit to this theater in a couple of C-54s, I will arrange to have them conducted to one of these places, where the evidence of bestiality and cruelty is so overpowering, as to leave no doubt in their minds about the normal practices of the Germans in these camps. I am hopeful that some British individuals in similar categories will visit the northern area to witness similar evidence of atrocities."And then Eisenhower the same day received this response: "Your proposal has been cleared and approved by the Secretary of War and the president (Truman). Plans are being formulated and you will be kept advised."This is what Eisenhower wrote in "Crusade in Europe" in its pages in his book: The same day, April 12, 1945, I saw my first horror camp. It was near the town of Gotha. I've never felt able to describe my emotional reactions when I first came face-to-face with the indisputable evidence of Nazi brutality and ruthless disregard of every shred of decency. Up to that time I had known about it only generally or through secondary sources. I'm certain however, that I've never at any other time experienced an equal sense of shock.""I visited every nook and cranny of the camp because I felt it my duty to be in a position from then on to testify at firsthand about these things in case they ever grew up at home, the belief or assumption that the stories of Nazi brutality were just propaganda. Some members of the visiting party were unable through the ordeal to go through it. I only did so, but as soon as I returned to Patton's headquarters that evening, I'd sent communications to both Washington and London, urging the two governments to send instantly to Germany, a random group of newspaper editors and representative groups from the national legislatures.""I felt that the evidence should be immediately placed before the American and British publics in a fashion that will leave no room for cynical doubt."He said: "Of all these displaced persons, the Jews were in the most deplorable condition. For years, they'd been beaten, starved, and tortured."And in "Ike, the Soldier" as they knew him, Merle Miller quotes Eisenhower speaking on April 25, 1945 to members of Congress and the journalists who had been shown Buchenwald the day before. He said: "You saw only one camp yesterday, there are many others. Your responsibilities, I believe, extend into a great field at informing the people at home of things like these atrocities is one of them. Nothing is covered up. We have nothing to conceal. The barbarous treatment of these people received in the German concentration camps is almost unbelievable. I want you to see for yourself and be spokesman for the United States." 1945, Dwight Eisenhower.2024, May: You've seen nothing. Empty buildings, empty fields. People speaking of what occurred. There are videos, detailed videos of what took place on October 7th and the American media are concealing them. They are censoring them.Why? Because they are graphic beyond description. They are unimaginable, and yet in doing so, they are giving aid and comfort to the terrorists to Iran, to Hamas, to Hezbollah, to the Houthis, to the PLO. They are giving aid and comfort to the Islamists in the United States of America and their front organization, Students for Justice in Palestine. the Jewish Vote, CAIR.They are giving aid and comfort to the Marxist and Islamist professors of which there is a fusion, you see it on TV every day. Faculty, administrators, and our colleges and universities.Joe Biden's speech is pathetic. He is pathetic.Antony Blinken and he have stirred antisemitism not only in this country, but around the world with the blood libels that they have used to accuse Netanyahu and his government, the Israelis and the IDF, the forces of righteousness, the forces of self-defense, the things they have said about them, the accusations they have made against them has fed this hate.And October 7th was led by Iran, but it was funded by the Biden-Blinken administration, by lifting restrictions that had been placed on them by Donald Trump, funneling $100 billion into that regime so it could rearm itself, arm Hamas, and the others.Weakness, appeasement, intentional funding of the enemy. We didn't even see this during World War Two, but we see it today in the speech that Biden gave, waiting weeks, truly months, a subject he skipped at the State of the Union address with rabid, rampant, vile violence, threats, antisemitism, and Jew hatred flowing through their colleges and universities.His voters, his faculty, his base, the best he could do with a short nothing burger of a statement. He didn't get up and say I will not tolerate this as president of the United States. There is good and there's evil. There is no moral equivalency. I'm directing the Attorney General of the United States. I'm directing the head of the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice. I'm directing the Department of Education and the secretary there and the Office of Civil Rights. I'm directing my Secretary of DHS to get to the bottom of this. I'm directing the FBI find out who's funding it.We all know I've done three shows on this now, who's funding it? Communist China, Qatar, Hamas, other enemy states, Democrat billionaires through dark money, Soros, Tides Foundation, Arabella and others -- same billionaires, dark groups that are refunding the Biden campaign.You know, this president is so pathetic. He can't put his own campaign aside, his politics aside. Sometimes you just do the right thing because it's right, but he won't.And so he sends Blinken to Israel to trash the Jewish state. Blinken is over there kissing every terrorist's backside, funding them, funding them. Who do you think they're rooting for in the next election? Joe Biden doesn't say, not really praise law enforcement. But these marauders, these rioters, the Hitler Youth, they should be expelled from these colleges, they should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.I'm asking my federal departments to look into this to ensure that no Civil Rights Act has been violated and every other law that we have. I'm asking Congress to pass laws to protect Jewish students in our universities and colleges now.No, no, no. No, Joe has to play with the Hamas wing of his party, the dark money billionaires that are funding all of this. That's Joe Biden. He's a chameleon. He's power hungry.He wants money. It's about him. It's about his money. It's not about the country. He will do anything to win re-election. He will do anything for power.When the history books are written, it'll be too late, but when they are written, Joe Biden will be remembered. He will be remembered, like "The Third Reich in the Ivory Tower" is remembered, at Harvard, at Columbia, at the University of Virginia, at Yale and so forth and so on where they gave aid and comfort to Nazi Germany.Joe Biden has given aid and comfort to the modern Nazis, in Iran, Hamas, and in our own country, the Hitler Youth and the imams that spew their hate in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, parts of California, New Jersey, and Dearborn, Michigan. Did he speak out against them in his speech? Not once.God willing, we will be done with this man and his insidious regime in a few months.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with our friend, Leo Terrell, Civil Rights attorney, Fox News contributor, a dear friend of mine.Leo Terrell, you were also a teacher. You saw what is and has been taking place at UCLA and all over the country. As Civil Rights attorney, the idea that the federal government does not have enough authority, does not have enough police state power with the FBI, the US Marshals, the ability to monitor the ability to find the funding sources, deal with the funding sources, use domestic terrorism statutes.The idea that the FBI sits on the sidelines while we have this counter revolution of Marxists and Islamists going on, destroying our educational system, and the idea that the attorney general says nothing -- nothing effective -- the president of the United States blurts out a few comments, but nothing effective, that nobody is directed in the federal government to address what's taking place in this country. We have never seen antisemitism, Jew hatred in America like we've seen before. What do you make of this?LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: First of all, let me be very clear, let's not use the First Amendment to describe the criminal antisemitic conduct that happened at UCLA, a school that I attended law school, which is a national embarrassment and throughout the entire country.Listen, there is enough federal law and protection that is not being used by the Biden administration. Why? Because they are playing politics.Let me just mention something. I'm sure you know, Title VI, Civil Rights Act. I'm old enough to remember when Black kids were protected by the federal government in the 50s and 60s. Joe Biden has abandoned Jewish- Americans throughout this country.Jewish Americans deserve the same protection as any American citizen in this country, but he is playing Michigan politics. How dare they allow these criminals to dominate these universities and then be released on the street? Where's the federal charges? Where's the Department of Education?Cut off the funds. Cut off every nickel and dime of federal taxpayer dollars to these Ivy League schools and colleges that promote Hamas and the Palestinians over there. Where's the FBI investigation? Where's Merrick Garland? Where's the power of the federal government? Where are the federal Marshals to escort Jewish-American kids to school?Nothing.The federal government and Joe Biden have given the terrorists the greenlight to attack, harm, damage, deny Jewish Americans to exist in this country. It is embarrassing and shameful.LEVIN: Leo, you and I are old enough to remember at least to have read anyway, how Dwight Eisenhower sent the military to ensure that little Black kids could go to school with little White kids when Orval Faubus was standing in the doorway of that of that school and high schools, too.Joe Biden is a pathetic excuse for a president of the United States. He didn't order any action by the federal government in that pathetic speech that he gave. He didn't say I'm going to send the US Marshals down there, as you point out to make sure those Jewish kids can go to school and you better get the hell out of the way.He didn't condemn the universities, the presidents of the universities who are now negotiating with these Hitler Youth to boycott Israel, to ensure that they have Palestinian professors, a certain number of seats set aside and all kinds of things of that sort.I have to believe Leo Terrell that he is supports this. His party is partly funding it, Democrat billionaires through dark money, Soros, the Tides Foundation, Arabella -- all of these entities on the left that are funding Joe Biden's campaign. It's worse than silence when you say something that means nothing. What do you make of this?TERRELL: He has given them the greenlight and that situate you mentioned, Little Rock, Arkansas, 1957 federal Marshals sent by Eisenhower, 1962 federal Marshals sent to University of Alabama. I mean, let's be clear, there is power and authority and deterrence in the federal government.But let's talk about the money. Follow the money. The Democrats are compromised. Joe Biden is compromised.Universities compromised by dark money, by George Soros' money, by the Rockefeller Foundation money. That is why they won't say a word and it's not just Joe Biden. It is the Democrats in California, in New York, crickets, and they are allowing Jewish Americans to be harmed, to be intimidated.In my lifetime and in your lifetime? This is happening in America. We are not talking about Munich 1939, we're talking about America 2024. There needs to be a complete overhaul in that White House immediately this upcoming election because we have to protect Jewish Americans, if not, they are in harm's way.LEVIN: I thought it was pretty funny, Leo Terrell, when Biden talks about he is there to protect free speech.Tell me, was he there to protect free speech when his attorney general issued a memo threatening parents? Was he there to protect free speech when his Department of Justice is rounding up grandmothers who dare to protest against abortion at abortion clinics? Is he there to protect free speech when his FBI and other instrumentalities of the federal government were setting up a disinformation committee and putting the shoulder on social platforms to silence free political speech? Was he there for the First Amendment when his FBI was secreting itself into the various Catholic churches?The idea that this guy stands for the First Amendment or any of the Bill of Rights as a damnable joke, is it not?TERRELL: Absolutely, and if it wasn't for shows like yours and Fox News, I'll say this to you every time I'm on this show, he is protected by 90 percent of the media. I don't want to mention any names -- CNN, MSNBC, "New York Times," "Washington Post," "LA Times." They protect him.If we don't have shows like yours and Fox News, this country wouldn't know the truth that. The truth is not being told to the American public, but it is getting out there and we've got to keep pounding the truth to the American people because they don't know it, Mark. They don't know the truth.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.Noticeable progress reportedly is being made in Gaza ceasefire and hostage negotiations. Talks are being held in Cairo this weekend as Hamas considers a proposal from Israel. The latest framework calls for the release of up to 33 Israeli hostages over several weeks in exchange for a temporary ceasefire.The progress however, remains short of a deal. Israel did not send a delegation and is continuing to threaten a ground invasion in the Rafah. Israel is also downplaying the potential for a full end to the war.Mexican authorities are investigating after three bodies were found in a popular tourist area where an American and two Australians vanished last week. The three surfers were on a camping trip in Mexico's Baja California state when they disappeared. Officials say there's a high probability the bodies are those of the missing surfers.Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We are here with our buddy, Leo Terrell.Leo, a couple of kind of yes and no questions and we can develop them, if you don't mind.This prosecutor album, Alvin Bragg, he is a DA, a locally elected DA. Does he have any authority whatsoever to investigate, let alone bring a case based on federal campaign law?TERRELL: No.LEVIN: Does the judge in this case have any constitutional authority, federal or state of any kind to gag a defendant who hasn't threatened the judge, hasn't threatened a prosecutor, hasn't threatened a witness, but is merely characterizing what is happening to him and then defending himself against a podcaster?TERRELL: That's a tough question. No.LEVIN: What about collateral evidence, all of this information being brought in about individuals, about newspapers and all the rest, that have absolutely nothing to do with the so-called 34 charges that have been brought against the defendant, Donald Trump? Is that probative? Or is that a violation of the defendant's due process rights?TERRELL: Absolutely no. Not admissible. Inadmissible.LEVIN: When you have a judge whose daughter has raised tens of millions of dollars on the case that the judge is overseeing and making rulings on and she's a Democrat activist raising money for Adam Schiff, raising money for Chuck Schumer's PAC. Does a judge have a responsibility? Not just obvious conflict, but even an appearance of conflict to recuse himself and hand the case to another judge, yes or no?TERRELL: Yes.LEVIN: When a trial is held in a district in which this judge is elected, the prosecutor is elected by the same people that is overwhelmingly Democrat, not just a regular so-called defendant, but a former president of the United States that they demonstrated they do not like and they voted against. Is it a jury of his peers to have a trial held in blue Manhattan, yes or no?TERRELL: No.LEVIN: Now, here is the problem and you know it as anybody else. Where do you go to fix this in the middle of a trial? You can try and go to the appellate court, you can try and go to the bar, but they're all controlled by the same party. They know what's going on. They know this is going to be reversed on appeal. But the goal here is to get a conviction on any one of 34 counts. Thirty-four counts of nothing to get a conviction before the election to give Joe Biden a campaign issue and his media campaign issue. There is nowhere to go.So my question to you this very serious question. If a DA is going to get involved in federal matters, in the United States Department of Justice has to go into federal court and tell that judge to cut it out. Where does Donald Trump go?TERRELL: Right now, right now he can't go anywhere because the system is completely controlled by the Democrats. He has no outlet.Let's not use -- we are using words like "trial." This is not a trial. This is not a trial. This is a witch hunt.LEVIN: You're right.TERRELL: This is -- he is not a judge. This individual with a black robe on, he is a member of the Democratic Party. He's an agent of the Democratic Party. Let's not call him a judge. That insults the legal system.There is nothing about this proceeding. This incident that is a trial, it is nothing, not the legal system, not the way I grew up in law school. It is not a trial. It is something else other than a legal proceeding.LEVIN: Isn't a true, Leo Terrell, that since the number three guy at the Department of Justice left this prestigious position to work for Letitia James to try and bankrupt Donald Trump, then a hop, skip, and jump to Manhattan to even a lower office, the district attorney's office where he's involved in the case against Donald Trump.And the judge himself made contributions, small contributions, but he should have made no contributions. And the fact that the attorney general of the United States has not taken action to intervene in this case in Manhattan and say, wait a minute, that's federal jurisdiction in order to protect -- in order to protect the jurisdiction of the federal government. Isn't this evidence of what the Biden regime is trying to do and their invisible hand behind the whole damn thing?TERRELL: Absolutely. I mean, it is so obvious, and it's all about power and control. The Biden administration cannot win at the polls, they cannot. They need Trump off the ballot. They have tried unsuccessfully.Thank goodness for the US Supreme Court. But this case, this incident, it is not a trial is not going to stop President Trump from winning in November. It delays his ability to campaign, but he is doing an effective job, but it is a conspiracy among Democrats to stop the leading candidate from becoming the next president.I've got news for you, it will not work. Donald J. Trump will be our next president.LEVIN: I just want the American people to understand how thoroughly tyrannical this administration is. It's a regime, and it starts at the top: Joe Biden has always been tyrannical. He sided with the White racists and segregationists when he came to the Senate. He supported a bill, he sponsored it that really targeted Black people in the inner city.He has now reversed course in his own view. Now, he attacks Americans of being what he was, Americans are not and he sits still, doesn't take a single, effective action while Jew hatred is bleeding out all over the place in Democratic Party strongholds.Leo Terrell, I want to thank you, my brother. God bless you.TERRELL: God bless you, Mark Levin, the great one.LEVIN: Thank you, brother.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We are here with a man I call America's wiseman, Victor Davis Hanson. I don't bring on pollsters or political commentators, I bring on people who can help inform us about what the hell's going on in this country through a perspective of history or philosophy or economics, Victor Davis Hanson is the tip of the spear.He has a brand new book coming out Tuesday, "The End of Everything: How Wars Descend Into Annihilation," and there's a lot of ancient history in here.For example, he talks about the destruction of Carthage, the fall of Constantinople, the Aztec empire, and so forth and so on.Now, why is this important? Well, these empires were also supposed to last forever, and they didn't last forever. Well, what happened? And is it happening to us today?Victor Davis Hanson, it's always an honor and a pleasure to have you., This is a fantastic book. I learned more about ancient history than I could have imagined at the end of everything . You can get this at amazon.com, any major bookstore.So why did you write this book? And how do you tie it to the American Republic today?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW, HOOVER INSTITUTION: Well, you know, usually wars end, Mark, with a surrender or humiliation or defeat, but every once in a while, then not just in slaughter, but the complete erasure of civilization, language, and religion, and I was interested, when did this happen? These rare occurrences? Could they happen again?And there was kind of a paradigm that the targeted people are very naive. They don't realize that they're not as preeminent as they thought they were. They have no appreciation for the type of people who are outside the walls that want to destroy them, they misinterpret the intent of the enemy. And a lot of that is contemporarily relevant, especially here in America.We think that we're still as preeminent as we were when we set up the postwar order, and we're very strong, but we're not continuing that supremacy, whether it's the borrowing a trillion dollars every hundred days or Pentagon has been weaponized, politicized. We're not spending enough on Defense, and the money we do spend is not well spent.We're torn apart at home, so our enemies abroad are sensing that and our friends are very worried that they look to us, and unfortunately, in these examples, I selected from history, everybody thought somebody would save them. They all -- the Byzantines thought the Venetians will sail up at the last moment; the Carthaginian said somebody will attack Rome from the rear, it doesn't happen. They're on their own, and they're not prepared and they are very naive about the existential threat that confronts them.And I was worried there's a lot of parallels here in the present age as well.LEVIN: You know, one of the most effective things that you do in this book is you explain these tremendous empires that existed before. They don't exist anymore. They disappeared.You explain how that happens? You explain how it can happen in the United States of America.My question to you is this. You write about these things, you have a fantastic column. You come on TV. These things are swirling around your mind all the time.It must be enormously, enormously frustrating as it is to me to watch what is taking place in the United States today, with this knowledge of these empires, with this knowledge of ancient history and modern history, and saying, stop, do you understand what you're doing to yourselves? Does this administration understand what it's doing to our country? Don't it -- does that run through your mind?HANSON: It does. And unfortunately, it's sort of tragic, because, Mark, all of these weaknesses and challenges were apparent. But they weren't neglected or they were ignored until the 11th hour and then people woke up and said, wow, there's Alexander the Great outside our walls or wow, Hernan Cortes wants to destroy us and it is too late.When I was writing the epilogue, and especially since the book was written, when I look at our elite universities, Mark, I mean, they're medieval.These students are arrogant. They're not well trained. They don't know the basics of analysis, language, composition, computation, and yet, they're very arrogant, and they're descending into a medieval antisemitism that we thought disappeared from the modern West, but it's back in a way that we haven't seen in a century or maybe even further and nobody is saying anything about it.And there is one good thing about the clarity. We're not -- we don't have enemies outside the walls yet, but we've dispelled a lot of myths the last month, Mark, one of them is being pro-Palestinian is equivalent to being pro-Hamas. They used to say there's a difference, there's no difference.And everybody said, if you were anti-Israel, that didn't mean you're antisemitic. There is difference. We know that now.They hate Jews, they hate us. It's the same.Everybody said the Democratic base is left wing and there is a moderate -- no there's one Democratic Party. It's been taken over by the left.Everybody said Stanford, Princeton, Harvard, Yale, they are our preeminent elite institutions. These are the cream of the crop. No, they're not. They're not. They're not.LEVIN: It's a fantastic book, "The End of Everything." Amazon.com, you can order it now. They'll show up at your doorstep Tuesday morning.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.If you're going to read anything, you're going to get a book I want you to get this book, "The End of Everything: How Wars Descend Into Annihilation" by Victor Davis Hanson. Get it at amazon.com right now, any major bookstore. It comes out fresh off the presses on Tuesday morning.I read this book. I learned a tremendous amount. It is so compelling and it is so relevant to what's going on today. It's very, very important.A couple of quick questions here, Victor. So how long did Carthage survive before it was destroyed?HANSON: Eight hundred years, Mark. Thebes, 1,100 years, Constantinople 1,200 years, 1,100 years; the Aztec Empire about 300 years and that was what was so fascinating that it all came to an abrupt end so quickly when they felt they were invulnerable given the longevity of their empires.LEVIN: And we're about 250 years and we are not the same America we were two years ago, five years ago, 50 or a hundred years ago, isn't that correct?HANSON: Yes, it is and that's what was striking how quick decline comes because it's almost -- it's sort of like that old Hemingway. It was gradually and then suddenly, bankruptcy. That's what happens.It's gradually and you don't detect it, and then it just appears. And I think we woke up, you know, about a year ago and decided, what the heck happened to America? We didn't realize it was accelerating the geometric rate, this chaos and confusion and the decline.LEVIN: Is part of the problem, Victor Davis Hanson that there are people out there who are banging the pots and pans, they are ringing the alarm bells, you have, I have, some others have, but it is interesting, but kind of dismissed and we go on with our lives rather than the other side, they never go to sleep.They're insomniacs for power. They're insomniacs for revolution. You see it in our streets. You see it in the Democratic Party. You see it in Congress, you see it in the media, you see it in entertainment, whereas the average citizen who loves his country, they're loving the country, they're not busy preparing a revolution.So I guess my question to you is, I guess, mankind has never really figured out how do we promote liberty without tyranny, exploiting liberty to destroy liberty?HANSON: I think that's a really good point, Mark. I think most people that are a traditionalists and conservatives, they say, you know, I can't take this anymore, I'm going to move to a red state. I'm not going to watch the Oscars. I turned off the NBA, take a knee people. I don't watch the Tonys. I don't go to movies. But that's not enough, that monastery of the mind.This late date, we've all according to our stations got to stand up and say, you know what? I'm going to vote. I'm going to give money to a candidate such as I can. I'm going to be active. I'm going to press the left. I'm going to enter into a debate with them, argue with them.You've got to be active because they control the institutions and they're taking over the country, and it is not enough just to say, you know what? I'm going to isolate myself on my farm and I'm not going to get active. I'm going to go to a small town America, and see if I can recreate an island in a sea of insanity. It's not enough anymore.LEVIN: What you say is very, very important. If people think about all the interactions they have every day, and all the opportunities they have every day to try and I don't mean get into people's faces, to try and have a rational discussion not with the Zealots, not with the fanatics, but with people who may be kind of out of it, not focused, may be on the fence.That's an opportunity for our Paul Reveres and our Thomas Paynes out there to do something. There are tens of millions of us, right? So tens of millions of us do just a little bit more in our own lives than we currently do. We might have a shot, correct?HANSON: Absolutely. And we can't be fearful or be captive of our fears that we're going to be called too reactionary or too radical to just be common sensical. For example, we're borrowing a trillion dollars every hundred days, we can stop that. We can stop 10 million people coming in tomorrow if we want to.We don't have to let these universities get free income on these multibillion dollar endowments. We can tax it very easily. But when we try to discuss things like that, they say, you're racist, you're mean. We just have to ignore that. And we can -- the power is in our hands, if we exercise it.LEVIN: And we ought to, as I wrote, we've got to use the BDS movement against these colleges and universities, boycott, defund, sanction. They don't have a God given right to all of our money. They don't have a God given right to be radical Soviet-style breeding grounds.Our state legislatures, our Congress, our departments need to start focusing on a fact how faculty is hired, how administrators are hired.We need to do a surgical operation on what's taking place on these campuses. Final word?HANSON: Yes, you're absolutely right. I mean, Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Stanford, they said, well, we're private. No, you're not really private. You take -- you participate in a $2 trillion subsidized student loan, you get tax free endowment. You get multimillion dollar grants from the government. And you don't obey the Bill of Rights, and we can stop that. We can enforce rules.They're dependent on us. We're not dependent on them, Mark.LEVIN: And we are dependent on you, Victor Davis Hanson, "The End of Everything: How Wars Descend Into Annihilation." Very, very, very important book. Amazon.com, any major bookstore. It comes out Tuesday. I encourage you to order it, and make sure you give a copy to a few knuckleheads around so they can educate themselves, too.Victor, thank you, my friend and God bless you.HANSON: Thank you, Mark. I deeply appreciate it.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I want to read you something from my book, "American Marxism," right at the beginning: "The counter revolution to the American Revolution is in full force. It can no longer be dismissed or ignored for it is devouring our society and culture, swirling around our everyday lives and ubiquitous in our politics, schools, media, and entertainment. Once a mostly unreliable fringe and subterranean movement, it is here, it is everywhere.""You, your children, and your grandchildren are now immersed in it and it threatens to destroy the greatest nation ever established along with your freedom, family, and security. Of course, the primary difference between the counter revolution and the American Revolution is that the former seeks to destroy American society and oppose autocratic rule, and the latter sought to protect American society and institute representative government."This election is between those who love the country and those who don't. We love the country, the people we seek to defeat, hate it. It's that simple.I'll see you tomorrow night on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday.