JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It was not convenient.JOEY JONES, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Absolutely.CHAFFETZ: And the people that do come home, they are fighting the fight, too.JONES: That's right.ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you so much.Before we go, don't forget to follow "The Big Weekend Show" on X, Facebook and Instagram @BigWeekendShow."That does it for us. we will see you next weekend.LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN with Mark Levin starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin.Welcome to a Special Memorial Day Sunday edition of LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.I appreciate each of you who tune in every weekend, every show. It is always my goal to bring you information and analysis you haven't heard yet, but most importantly, the facts.One of my favorite things about this show is I get to bring on my friends who are not only brilliant, but good people, and patriots who love this country.So, tonight, you will hear from just the few of many who fit that description.Brent Bozell, Larry Arnn, Allen West, Craig Shirley, but first I want to bring you an important discussion I had just last month with one of the brightest and loudest voices in conservative movement today, my good buddy, Pete Hegseth and like you he sees how Joe Biden is destroying the republic right before our very eyes.Go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: I'm a big, big Pete Hegseth fan, because he is a great patriot and hero and smart as hell.Peter Hegseth, obviously "Fox & Friends" Weekend co-host, Iraq and Afghan war veteran, and you have a brand new book coming out in a few weeks, "The War on Warriors: Behind the Betrayal of the Men Who Keep Us Free."Very, very important, when the book comes out, I want to have you back. So Pete, you heard my monologue, as I understand it. My contention or my position is that Joe Biden is an evil man. He's always been an evil man. He started out supporting the confederates of the old South and segregation and racism and opposed public school integration.He will ride any wave to retain power. He wants to make sure the next election isn't close, so he is trying to put Donald Trump in prison or at least get him convicted, so that becomes the issue.He keeps threatening that Donald Trump is threatening democracy. No, it's Joe Biden, who is destroying our republic and destroying Israel's democracy. It's a twofer for him, what do you make of that?PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "FOX AND FRIENDS" WEEKEND: I agree completely, Mark.A phenomenal setup and revealing the way in which the White House is trying to manipulate against our allies.You said it right: Joe Biden, for his entire career has ridden a wave. He's not a talented guy. He doesn't have anything in his background that suggests he is a competent manager. He has been wrong on most everything, especially on foreign policy.The wave that he has rode into office was by making a deal with the far left lunatics. The godless left, the pagan radicals, who believe God is government, and that they can fundamentally transform this country.So had to get rid of Bernie Sanders, and even though he sold himself as a centrist, he made a deal with Bernie and the Hamas Caucus, which is why you see his treatment of Israel over a few votes in Michigan, he made a deal with them, and then he ushered into the White House four more years of the effectively the entire staff of Barack Obama, who said he wanted to fundamentally transform America.And so you have an anti-American godless administration, who worships at the altar of climate change and believes international institutions should be in charge, effectively of us, and the result Mark, as you talk about all the time is, they don't believe in citizenship.They don't believe in borders, they don't believe in law and order. Everything that is illegal in their minds is something they want to facilitate. And they think cynically, that is all a pathway to more control for them.They believe, that's more votes. And when you and I look at the flood over the border, Mark, we look at the humanity, the drugs, the potential criminality, the potential terrorist attacks and we say how can this be happening in our country? The left sees opportunities, they see DREAMer, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, political wedges and liabilities for conservatives for eons to come.And then they expect the press to cover for them which the press of course does. You've written the book on that, so this is a spiritual battle, Mark. This is a battle at higher realms. This is about people who believe in God, believe in our country, understand that we're a Constitutional Republic with laws versus people who believe God is government, don't believe there's a higher being, think we're a democracy.You talk about -- you know this distinction very clearly, so do your viewers, they don't -- they merge the whole thing -- and they want to bring racial animus back into the equation in America to stir us up and point us against each other.This is a higher battle that Donald Trump is engaged in and you see it on almost every issue that we talk about, Mark.LEVIN: Well said and you know, in the media are so corrupt that they are contributors to this, and I was talking the other day about the Democratic Party seeks monopoly, power like all autocratic parties do.That's why it wanted to change the voting system. That's why it's going to have waves and waves of amnesty and then take credit for it all, and they believe that they're importing Democrats into the country. That's why they hate separation of power, so Joe Biden rules by executive order over and over and over again and he is being urged to do so more so by Sanders and Warren and the other Marxists.That's why they only like judges who do their bidding, not judges who actually judge. So the Florida judge in the case involving the documents case, who is calling it straight, who is acting like a real judge, who is very careful about what she says, she is now under attack by the Democratic Party media and the Democratic Party to try and intimidate and threaten her, and also to send a message to the Supreme Court.I want to ask you about this. We have this Judge Reggie Walton. He's a district court judge. He's been around a very long time, too long. It's quite obvious at this point, and he goes on to CNN at his request, and he trashes Donald Trump, because he says Donald Trump is threatening violence against this clown judge, this Merchan in Manhattan.Donald Trump didn't threaten violence against anybody. Now, Chuck Schumer did. He threatened two Supreme Court justices, Gorsuch and Kavanaugh. He said, there is going to be a whirlwind and you're going to pay a price. And I don't remember this judge leaving the bench, calling CNN, showing up and worried about violence as a result of that.I don't remember this judge worrying about violence against Supreme Court justices after the Dobbs decision when their homes were being threatened, and not a single one of them was arrested under federal law.What do you make of the judiciary today?HEGSETH: What they've decided is not what's legal or illegal, Mark, looking at the law, regardless of your -- they've decided what's good in their mind, and who is good and who gets to benefit. And in this particular case, in every scenario, they will bend and contort to go after the primary threat, not just political opponent, but primary opponent to everything they cling to, which is power and control.The man willing to expose the underbelly of who they are and what they represent, the man willing to call them the names that they know they are, or they're unwilling to admit that no one else will say.And so the justice, it is, Mark, you know it, it is not a justice system, it feels like a Banana Republic. I know I wouldn't be treated the same way a Democrat would be treated and you wouldn't be. Donald Trump hasn't been and that goes to the very fabric of our Republic and our nation. It's a very dangerous moment.LEVIN: I'm a big, big Pete Hegseth fan, because he is a great patriot and hero and smart as hell.Peter Hegseth, obviously "Fox & Friends" Weekend co-host, Iraq and Afghan war veteran, and you have a brand new book coming out in a few weeks, "The War on Warriors: Behind the Betrayal of the Men Who Keep Us Free."Very, very important, when the book comes out, I want to have you back. So Pete, you heard my monologue, as I understand it. My contention or my position is that Joe Biden is an evil man. He's always been an evil man. He started out supporting the confederates of the old South and segregation and racism and opposed public school integration.He will ride any wave to retain power. He wants to make sure the next election isn't close, so he is trying to put Donald Trump in prison or at least get him convicted, so that becomes the issue.He keeps threatening that Donald Trump is threatening democracy. No, it's Joe Biden, who is destroying our republic and destroying Israel's democracy. It's a twofer for him, what do you make of that?PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "FOX AND FRIENDS" WEEKEND: I agree completely, Mark.A phenomenal setup and revealing the way in which the White House is trying to manipulate against our allies.You said it right: Joe Biden, for his entire career has ridden a wave. He's not a talented guy. He doesn't have anything in his background that suggests he is a competent manager. He has been wrong on most everything, especially on foreign policy.The wave that he has rode into office was by making a deal with the far left lunatics. The godless left, the pagan radicals, who believe God is government, and that they can fundamentally transform this country.So had to get rid of Bernie Sanders, and even though he sold himself as a centrist, he made a deal with Bernie and the Hamas Caucus, which is why you see his treatment of Israel over a few votes in Michigan, he made a deal with them, and then he ushered into the White House four more years of the effectively the entire staff of Barack Obama, who said he wanted to fundamentally transform America.And so you have an anti-American godless administration, who worships at the altar of climate change and believes international institutions should be in charge, effectively of us, and the result Mark, as you talk about all the time is, they don't believe in citizenship.They don't believe in borders, they don't believe in law and order. Everything that is illegal in their minds is something they want to facilitate. And they think cynically, that is all a pathway to more control for them.They believe, that's more votes. And when you and I look at the flood over the border, Mark, we look at the humanity, the drugs, the potential criminality, the potential terrorist attacks and we say how can this be happening in our country? The left sees opportunities, they see DREAMer, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, political wedges and liabilities, for conservatives for eons to come.And then they expect the press to cover for them which the press of course does. You've written the book on that, so this is a spiritual battle, Mark. This is a battle at higher realms. This is about people who believe in God, believe in our country, understand that we're a Constitutional Republic with laws versus people who believe God is government, don't believe there's a higher being, think we're a democracy.You talk about -- you know this distinction very clearly, so do your viewers, they don't -- they merge the whole thing -- and they want to bring racial animus back into the equation in America to stir us up and point us against each other.This is a higher battle that Donald Trump is engaged in and you see it on almost every issue that we talk about, Mark.LEVIN: Well said and you know, in the media are so corrupt that they are contributors to this, and I was talking the other day about the Democratic Party seeks monopoly, power like all autocratic parties do.So I wanted to change the voting system. That's why it's going to have waves and waves of amnesty and then take credit for it all, and they believe that they're importing Democrats into the country. That's why they hate separation of power, so Joe Biden rules by executive order over and over and over again and he is being urged to do so more so by Sanders and Warren and the other Marxists.That's why they only like judges who do their bidding, not judges who actually judge. So the Florida judge in the case involving the documents case, who is calling it straight, who is acting like a real judge, who is very careful about what she says, she is now under attack by the Democratic Party media and the Democratic Party to try and intimidate and threaten her, and also to send a message to the Supreme Court.I want to ask you about this. We have this Judge Reggie Walton. He's a district court judge. He's been around a very long time, too long. It's quite obvious at this point, and he goes on to CNN at his request, and he trashes Donald Trump, because he says Donald Trump is threatening violence against this clown judge, this Merchan in Manhattan.Donald Trump didn't threaten violence against anybody. Now, Chuck Schumer did. He threatened two Supreme Court justices, Gorsuch and Kavanaugh. He said, there is going to be a whirlwind and you're going to pay a price. And I don't remember this judge leaving the bench, calling CNN, showing up and worried about violence as a result of that.I don't remember this judge worrying about violence against Supreme Court justices after the Dobbs decision when their homes were being threatened, and not a single one of them was arrested under federal law.What do you make of the judiciary today?HEGSETH: What they've decided is not what's legal or illegal, Mark, looking at the law, regardless of your -- they've decided what's good in their mind, and who is good and who gets to benefit. And in this particular case, in every scenario, they will bend and contort to go after the primary threat, not just political opponent, but primary opponent to everything they cling to, which is power and control.The man willing to expose the underbelly of who they are and what they represent, the man willing to call them the names that they know they are, or they're unwilling to admit that no one else will say.And so the justice, it is, Mark, you know it, it is not a justice system, it feels like a Banana Republic. I know I wouldn't be treated the same way a Democrat would be treated and you wouldn't be. Donald Trump hasn't been and that goes to the very fabric of our Republican our nation. It's a very dangerous moment.LEVIN: Pete Hegseth has a great book coming out in a few weeks, "The War on Warriors: Behind the Betrayal of the Men Who Keep Us Free" and we will have Pete back so we can discuss it fully.Pete Hegseth, now, what do you make of the Republican Party? You look at the Senate who is headed by Mitch McConnell, the longest serving leader in American history. Why? God only knows.But the Senate -- the Republican Senate, but for a relative handful of Republican senators seems completely useless. They have the filibuster. They have powers that Republicans in the House do not have. They refuse to use it, whether it is spending, whether it is the border, whether it is defending the state of Israel, I see nothing going on in the US Senate to stand up against Biden and Blinken.What is going on with the Republicans? The only time we actually hear them speak is when they're trashing Donald Trump.HEGSETH: Yes. Senate Republicans are part of the captured class. They're part of the uniparty. They're -- not all of them, there are a few good ones, you have them on your show, Mark, we know who they are.But otherwise, they are far more happy dealing with Democrats and running up the national debt and playing inside beltway games than they are putting the country first and putting a stake in the ground for what they believe in.Because a lot of these folks are compromised one way or the other, by lobbyists, by foreign countries, by their special interest, by their donors, by people that tell them which way they need to maneuver to stay relevant. And as a result, they don't put the country first.This is Donald Trump's Republican Party. There is no other way to put it. There is no other way to see it. There's no other way to legislate on it. His priorities that he is running on right now as the third time being the Republican nominee are a reflection of what grassroots Republicans and conservatives believe, what we know in our heart.This is not a flirtation, or a moment or a flourish or a rebellion. This is the core of what the Republican Party represents. The belief in strong borders, the belief in law and order, the belief in winning the wars we fight and not fighting them endlessly that you go on and on and on -- all the basics.Somehow Washington, DC can't get that message, Mark. Somehow congressional leaders don't understand.LEVIN: You know, it's very interesting, Pete, MAGA Republicans, they never say what MAGA stands for -- Make America Great Again. That's so extreme that so radical -- Make America Great Again because they don't love America.I mean when you look at the Democratic Party, when you look at Schumer, when you look at Hakeem Jeffries, when you look at all these people, exactly what is it about America that they love? Do they love our Constitution? No. Do they love our history? No. Do they love our people? No, the border is wide open.Do they love our economic system, the most prosperous on the face of the Earth? No, they spend every day trying to destroy it.They don't even like the combustion engine. They don't even like progress, industrial progress, the inventiveness of the American people. So what the hell is it that these people like about America?HEGSETH: I don't know. What they know -- what I know they love is control and power and they will drive every grievance possible to get it. Meritocracies are not allowed to survive, Mark. That's part of the reason I wrote this book and I know we're going to talk about it later, "The War on Warriors."Pentagon had to be captured, had to be. Too much meritocracy. You can't have a bunch of normal men out there training to defeat enemies and then coming home and voting accordingly based on their love of country, and their understanding of the relationship with God.No, no, no. We have to take that back too, so we're going to crush the generals with political prerogatives and social justice nonsense that makes us worse because it's about control, Mark.No, they don't love freedom. They don't love the Declaration. They don't love the Constitution. They don't love the Bill of Rights. They don't love capitalism.Freedom? You can't control freedom. Free people are pesky and difficult, messy and it doesn't fit into the boxes of their spreadsheets and the way in which governments can control. You remember, life of Julia, like that's the world they see. We're going to tell you what you're supposed to love and how you're supposed to operate. That's their view.LEVIN: I've often said if you want to fundamentally transform something, you can't love it. Do you want to fundamentally transform your wife or your husband? That's a very bizarre statement.And I'm sick and tired of these Democrats using the flag to destroy the flag, using the Constitution to destroy the Constitution and using liberty to destroy liberty, and then accuse others who are trying to stand up to them by doing exactly that.Pete Hegseth, thank you for your past service and your present service. And God bless you, my friend.HEGSETH: Thank you, Mark.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: Are you getting the truth from the corrupt media? The answer is no especially about the war in Israel.Brent Bozell reveals what is happening we return.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back to our special episode of LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.Well, the corrupt American media have been covering for Joe Biden for decades and now more than ever, they are going to circle the wagons around him.And my friend, Media Research Center founder, Brent Bozell tells us exactly how they are doing it. That is especially the media's coverage of Biden and the war in Israel. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: It's always great to have our buddy, Brent Bozell, Media Research Center founder and president. He is extraordinary, and how he monitors what our corrupt media do, and he's known it's been corrupt for decades. That's what he's been on top of for decades.Brent Bozell, we see this war between good and evil in the Middle East, the Israelis are good and their enemies are evil. It's that simple.But we see sympathy in our media, as we do in the Democratic Party. They're attached at the hip, literally, for the terrorists, for the terrorist organizations. They don't pursue the funding of Iran, the funding of the PLO, the funding of Hamas, by the Biden administration, they have no interest in that whatsoever. And in fact, they use the spoon fed Hamas-Nazi statistics to try and undermine Israel in this war. What do you make of this?BRENT BOZELL, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, MEDIA RESEARCH CENTER: Well, you know, Mark, you've got two kinds of news out there. One is hard news, which is the news of the moment. And then the other one is investigative journalism.In hard news, there was once a rule that said that you needed two sources to confirm any allegation that was made out there -- two independent sources. Next time you look at a story dealing with the war with Israel, look at the death count, best foot forward, whatever that number is, at the very end, the news reporter might say, if anything at all, will say, these numbers aren't independently verified.Well, this is because these numbers are coming from Hamas, and once upon a time when the news media were doing their job, they would have said when the PLO and Hamas came out with these numbers, they would say thank you, Palestinian Authority, but we can't confirm what you're saying and we're not going to report it at all.Now, they report it as news. That's the huge difference.On investigative journalism. What investigative journalism? There is no investigative journalism on Hamas. None whatsoever.If you were to cover this, how about this one, Mark. Look at Google as a prime example of this. We asked Bard, which was the Google artificial intelligence service that they had after October 7th. We asked them to identify Hamas, to identify the IRA, a terrorist organization, they said, to identify BLM terrorist organization, they said. Hamas, they didn't know.We ask Bard, what was the global was the capital of England, London. What was the capital of France? Paris. What were the capitals of the four countries bordering Israel? They named them? What was the capital of Israel? They did not know.On and on, it goes. Where you've got a media, whether it's the news media or social media or digital media, on every opportunity they have. This is a media that once upon a time, when somebody says something that was antisemitic, they jumped all over them. Ironically, they are all antisemitic now, and that's the world we live in.LEVIN: They're all antisemitic now, aren't we talking basically about political rackets here? I mean, basically when the White House, the Democratic Party takes a position, the media point in that direction and they get on stage and they kick their feet in order and they walk in order, basically, they take their orders from the Democratic Party and the Biden administration, or they give the orders to the Democratic Party and the Biden administration.So we have basically a monopoly party, a monopoly press. Isn't that kind of the definition of tyranny?BOZELL: Yes, I think that, you know, anti-Americanism is something that once upon a time was a verboten subject in American politics, as it should have been.George McGovern was far left in 1972, was a radical left maybe for his time. We never called them anti-American. Ted Kennedy, far left, we never called him anti-American, because they had a version of America that was different.Today's media, they are anti-American, and I have no problem saying it whatsoever. They are committed to the destruction of the Judeo-Christian tradition in the United States. They are dangerous. They are very, very dangerous.This is not our news media. This is a tip of the spear for Marxism.LEVIN: Brent Bozell, the way the media cover these legal cases that are swirling around Donald Trump, every single one of them brought by a Democrat prosecutor. All but one judge seems absolutely left wing outrageous, predictable in their rulings and the way the media cover this as they bring in these so-called legal analysts, who are radical left, some of them former federal prosecutors who are now out of the closet as radical leftists. What do you make of the media's coverage of Biden's war on Donald Trump?BOZELL: It's interesting, Mark.Over a four-year period, we looked at the media's coverage of Donald Trump when he was president, and found that on average, every month, it was a 90 percent negative coverage that they gave him, no matter what his success is, and his successes, you cannot argue his successes, but they just didn't cover them.So we started doing it again, in February, the number has gone down, it is now 89 percent negative from 90 percent. What are they covering? They're covering exactly what Joe Biden wants covered.They want his trials covered. They want those 91 felony counts covered, and they're covered, and they're slanted against him. This is exactly what the Biden campaign wants.Why? Because if you're not going to cover the trial, you've got to cover the issues. And if you're going to cover the issues, you're going to look at inflation, you're going to look at interest rates, you're going to look at the border that's out of control, you're going to look at our American cities, where crime is running rampant, you're going to look at those issues, and every single time they fall in favor of Donald Trump.So this is the playbook that the left had. It is with the Biden campaign, and it is with the news media to do nothing but focus on trials and legal woes, and do it from a negative perspective. And you can't argue the numbers I just gave you, 89 percent.LEVIN: Now, Brent Bozell, it is one of the things that goes on, too, the effort to turn Donald Trump into Hitler. So they take words that he uses out of context. We will have three days of stories on it, I looked on the internet. It's like every news organizations says the same thing when he uses perfectly legitimate words. They take it out of context, purposely.They want him to be portrayed as a dictator. They refer to him as Hitler. They did the same thing to Barry Goldwater, if you look back. They did the same thing that Richard Nixon. They did the same thing to Ronald Reagan.That is, they don't want to really run against an opponent. They want to de-legitimize and character assassinate their opponent. Is that what you see?BOZELL: Oh, yes. The most recent one is anti-democracy. Where did that word come from? This was a talking point that came from the -- I think he came out of the Biden administration. Now everybody on the left is using it, that Donald Trump is -- if you elect Donald Trump, you will have the end of democracy as we know it.This is the height of hypocrisy. This is a news media that if we can -- if I can go over to Ronna McDaniel because the McDaniel story really will put this in perspective. This was not -- the firing of her at MSNBC was not because she was a Republican. They've got plenty of Republicans on there, liberal Republicans.It was not because she was a conservative. She's not a conservative. It was about one thing and one -- and it wasn't about election denying. They've had nothing but left wing-election deniers going back -- you had 2020 with Hillary Clinton, 2016 with Hakeem Jeffries and Abrams. We're talking about Russian collusion. 2008, it was vets. 2000 it was the Gore-Bush campaign there.So election interference is -- election denying is not the issue. The issue is that she defended Donald Trump, they will not allow that voice on that network. And what does that mean? That means that 51 percent, 52 percent, whatever the number is that support Donald Trump today do not allow to have their voices heard.So how in the world can they pass judgment on Donald Trump being anti- democracy when they are doing everything in their power to influence and change the election outcome in America?LEVIN: Brilliantly put and, of course, this is the administration that's known for censorship. Two federal courts have found it was outrageous. We haven't seen anything like this since Woodrow Wilson. But then again, Woodrow Wilson and Joe Biden have something in common. They both started out as racist segregationists.Brent Bozell, I want to thank you for all the great work that you do at the Media Research Center, my friend. Take care of yourself.BOZELL: Thank you, Mark.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: When we return, my longtime friend, brilliant scholar, Dr. Larry Arnn, the president of Hillsdale College. He exposes the erosion of higher education in the United States and why antisemitism is running rampant on college campuses.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: This is a "Fox News Alert. I am Jon Scott in New York.Millions of people in the South and Midwest are facing another round of severe weather. Tornadoes, giant hail, heavy rain and damaging winds are all possible. The strongest storms could develop this evening into the overnight hours.Missouri, Illinois, Arkansas, Tennessee and Kentucky could be hit hardest. Officials are urging everyone in the paths of those storms to be prepared.This new threat coming as the Central US is once again reeling from deadly tornadoes spawning storms, more than a dozen people were killed across Texas, Arkansas and Oklahoma overnight.Officials fear that number could rise as search and rescue crews assess the damage.The powerful storms obliterated homes and even flipped over 180-wheelers. Tens of thousands are still without power across all three states.I am Jon Scott, now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back to this Memorial Day Sunday special episode of LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.Now, over the last few months, we've seen our colleges and universities for what they actually are, the Islamists, the Marxists, that is the haters of America, the Jews and Israel. Pouring out of the classrooms and pouring into the streets.Well, just a couple of weeks ago, I spoke with Hillsdale College President Dr. Larry Arnn and he explains what's taking place.Go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: We're here with the president of Hillsdale College, my favorite college, also a regular sponsor, Larry Arnn. a longtime friend. I think I've known Larry Arnn, thirty, thirty-five years at this point. He is one of the greatest --LARRY ARNN, PRESIDENT, HILLSDALE COLLEGE: Thirty-five. Yes.LEVIN: Thirty-five. One of the great intellects on Churchill, on the American founding, the Declaration of Independence.Larry Arnn, you run a tight ship. Lots of free speech going on at Hillsdale College, a lot of Americanism, philosophy, economics, history. You look at these other college campuses that are burning with Islamists and Marxists, replacing the American flag with the Palestinian flag, antisemitism, all the rest of it.This is not happening on your campus. So what is your analysis of what you are seeing?ARNN: Well, I'm used to these fancy colleges being bad, but now they're worse and I'm sort of horrified by it, because their basic functioning has broken down. They run them the way they run them, and they have complete control of them and they have lost entire control of them.Why? Well, first of all, they get everything -- they get the first thing wrong. What's a college for? Right? It's not a place to go and change the world. It's a place to go and understand the world.And so, they preach social activism to the students and then they're astonished when the students take over, at war with each other in social activist causes, and goodness, what would it be like to be a Jewish student on one of these campuses right now?I mean, they're in peril of their lives. But they're supposed to be colleagues on these colleges. And they are -- you know, I mean, ours is a Christian college, and we've got lots of Jewish kids, and everybody loves them, and they love everybody else and they are students together, right? They're supposed to learn together.And instead, they're going to what? They are going to change the policy of the nation and destroy another nation at a time when they're between 18 and 21 years old, and they're not supposed to be taking over the world. They're supposed to be learning about the world.And if you give up on that, then there's no purpose for the college and that I think is why they're so quick to cancel classes. What are they doing in there anyway? Might as well be out on the barricades.It is shocking to me, and I thought, you know, these places are rich, and they're run by people who are in complete agreement with one another. They'll be able to manage this. You know, they are putting on a show and they let it happen, but they'll stop it when they want to. They can't stop it.The president in Columbia asked the cops to come in and they went in, and then she pulled them out. And then she asked them back again. Can't make up her mind.I mean, I am horrified by it and you can see, this is what could happen to our country. This is the way the country is coming to be run. That is to say you take these radical principles, which don't, by the way, protect the rights of anyone. They protect the power of some. They've converted education into an exercise in power.At Hillsdale, here is a simple thing. You have to be able to surrender your opinion in order to learn because your opinion is always provisional, right? If a kid comes here and says, child, it's not easy to get into Hillsdale College these days, but the kid will say, I'm a conservative. I want to come to Hillsdale. And I say, what's a conservative? And you know, they are 17 or 18 years old, they don't know.And I'll say, well, the first thing to know about the college is, you're going to have to learn the meaning of the words that you use.This fight that's broken out is about the history of the Middle East. Well, the modern Middle East is, you know, that history as regards Israel started in the late 19th Century and Israel comes to be after the Ottoman Empire falls in the First World War -- at the end of the First World War and the British made some promises to several countries.If you'll help us, we'll give you a state. Israel is one of those, and many Arab countries, too.Israel comes from the same set of facts as those Arab countries, and so if Israel is illegitimate, those are. That's the thing you should just find out. It's not hard to find that out.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: When we come back, my dear buddy, Allen West reveals why American democracy is crumbling.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America. I always love talking to my dear friend, Allen West, a great American hero, and as always, he helps explain why our country is in shambles.Go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: Allen, how many people in Washington, DC do you think have ever worked on an assembly line? Have ever planted seeds to grow corn? Have ever driven an 18-wheeler? Have you ever laid one brick to build a building -- all of these lawyers, all of these career politicians, all of these frauds and phonies are pushing this country into an ideological hellhole from automobiles, to homes, to the border. Where did they get all this power from? Is it in the Constitution?ALLEN WEST, FORMER US REPRESENTATIVE: No, it's not in the Constitution. It's great to be with you, Mark, and it reminds me of a quote from George Mason, during the Virginia ratifying convention for our Constitution, when he said: "Nothing so greatly compels or impels a man to guard the interest of his constituents than the certainty of returning to the general mass of the people from whence he was taken, where he shall participate and share their burdens."Our Founding Fathers never meant for us to have career politicians, they never meant for us to have this political elitism and this political oligarchy, but that's exactly what has happened in Washington, DC. They are completely detached from everyday working Americans. They don't understand what it means to go out and pump gas or go to the grocery stores and things of this nature.So no, they are not sharing or participating in the burdens that they are placing on American people, and I think that that is going back to what you remember or recall from the old Soviet Union when you had the Politburo, when you had those people that were above that cut line, and then everyone else that was below, and it was basically them creating the laws and the things that you had to adhere to, but they didn't have to adhere to.LEVIN: Isn't it also amazing to underscore your point. We had this pandemic and we were told that the patriotic thing to do is to shut your businesses and huddle in the corner of your home. No social interaction. And then you know, the other 15 things that the government was demanding we do for health, of course.WEST: Yes.LEVIN: So they destroy the economy for a period of time, particularly in blue states.Now, if you shut the government for one day, one day, or if some bureaucrat goes without a paycheck for one day, they talk about all hell's going to break loose. Chicken Little "The sky is going to fall." Doesn't this demonstrate the ruling class in Washington, particularly the Democratic Party, but not alone, and the media, it is like a cocoon of unreality, where they impose their will on all the plebes out there in the country. And so they don't give a damn, you lose your home, you don't have a car, whatever it is, but we want power, we want money and nothing is going to stop it.WEST: No, you're absolutely right, and we've gotten upside down in the United States of America. When you read and understand the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. The Constitution is a restraining document. It is a restricting document on the powers of the federal government, and that's why you have the 10th Amendment that says those things, those powers not specifically delegated to the federal government are reserved to the states and to the people.And so can you show me anywhere in the Constitution, anywhere that the government has the right to be able to tell a private citizen that is healthy, that they cannot come outside their home? Or the government can tell a business that they have to shut it down?And so Benjamin Franklin warned us of this when he said those who would surrender essential liberty for temporary security, in the end will deserve neither liberty nor security and that's exactly what the government is doing.They have gotten beyond the consent of the governed. They don't understand that they're supposed to adhere to us, but you're right, the government is supplied by the resources of the individuals, but yet they can shut them down. But then if the government, based upon their fiscal irresponsibility is forced to shut down, they go into an apoplectic rage.We're upside down in America when it comes to that relationship between the individual and the institution of government.LEVIN: Allen West, I've been making the argument for a long time now here and elsewhere that we're not a Federal Republic anymore. We're not a Representative Republic, since most of the laws imposed on us are not voted on by our representatives, and they certainly don't ask us for our opinion.We're not really a Constitutional Republic, I believe in many respects, we live in a post constitutional America, this has been my argument for a while. So what are we exactly?WEST: We have devolved into what Benjamin Franklin didn't want us to have. I mean, we almost have a monarchy, we almost have these people that are ruling by executive orders and for dictates and edicts and mandates and things of this nature.So we have a ruling class. We do not have the ability of the people once again, the consent of the government, the governed to be able to speak out. We don't have a representative democracy. We have, without a doubt, lost our constitutional rights. And they're being replaced by ideological rights.So I would say, we have an ideological agenda that is undermining all of our constitutional rights and freedoms and liberties, and you've been spot on about this for quite some time.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: After the break, well, you don't want to miss my buddy, Craig Shirley and his modern-day lessons from one of America's greatest presidents, Ronald Reagan.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I know we hear often about the similarities between Reagan and Trump, but it cannot be said enough -- two great patriots who love their country, who understood the evils of a centralized all-powerful government and who cared about what the American people thought and did everything they could to improve their lot in life.Nobody better than my buddy, Craig Shirley to discuss this with us.Go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: You know, there are historians and there are historians, and I have one of the great historians on the Reagan era and Ronald Reagan with us today and it is very, very important because there are lessons we can learn from Reagan, his presidency, his candidacy, that I think are crucial today when people are running around, mostly people who never supported Reagan and never would support Reagan telling us what Reagan thought and that they are more Reagan than Reaganites are.Our buddy is Craig Shirley, his fantastic new book, "The Search for Reagan."Craig, why did you write this book? And how would it impact us today?CRAIG SHIRLEY, AUTHOR, "THE SEARCH FOR REAGAN": I wrote it because there are so many lies that have been spun about Reagan over the years. You know, Napoleon once said that history is a pack of lies agreed upon. And so I wanted to refute the lies of the left about Reagan's intellect, about his compassion, about his handling of Gorbachev and so many issues.But also I wanted to write it because I wanted to explore Reagan's considerable intellect and his considerable compassion, both of which he had a great deal of.LEVIN: And how do we apply this two today? In other words, I feel like a lot of even Republicans and conservatives think the world began with them. And by the way, that's how Marx used to think. The hell with history, but we, conservatives, we believe history is crucial.Ronald Reagan won the two biggest landslides in Republican Party history and he was a conservative. How did he do that?SHIRLEY: Don't forget, he was a Democrat for you know, many, many years, long before he was a Republican. And so he spoke to Democrats, cultural Democrats and economic Democrats in a way they've never heard before from a Republican, not from Gerald Ford, not from Richard Nixon, so he is able to reach conservatives in the Republican Party and the Democratic Party.You know, history was important to him. Engraved at the wall at the Reagan Library is the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution -- two very important documents to Reagan, of course, he cited more framers and founders and philosophers in his eight years as president, the most presidents do in a lifetime, certainly more than Joe Biden.LEVIN: And in this, he tapped into blue collar America, so-called working class America, union members, non-union members. In many ways, the way Trump has as well, wouldn't you say?SHIRLEY: Absolutely, absolutely. They are both populists in their own right. You know, Reagan is overlooked. He was a conservative, but to him, conservative was to be a populist, it was to be anti-too much corporate power, anti-too much government power. And that's what a true populist is, it is against any concentration of power.That's Donald Trump's message, too, and a lot of these issues whether it's abortion or tax cuts, strong national defense, they all came from Ronald Reagan.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: When we come back, I have a final word to share with you all on this very important day, Memorial Day Sunday.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.You know, throughout the year, we are lectured and bombarded with smears against us, we, the American people -- our history, our ancestors.We are called imperialists and colonialists and White supremacists and deplorable, the media do this, the Democratic Party does this, foreign governments do it. We are a great people. We are a fantastic people.This is the greatest country mankind not only ever imagined but ever established. And you look at these graves where these men and women who put their lives on the line because they wanted to defend the greatest country on the face of the Earth had their lives cut short.We stand on their shoulders. We stand on their shoulders. We must do in our own way, in our own lives, in our own roles to carry the flag that they carried into war.We must preserve this fantastic country for future generations where tyranny, totalitarianism, and hell will cover the globe.God bless all the men and women who fought for this country, died for this country. This is the day we recalibrate as a nation. We remember them.See you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.