PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to this special edition of "Hannity". I'm Pete Hegseth, in for Sean.While the anti-Trump kangaroo court in New York City was not in session today and won't be back until after the long Memorial Day weekend, pro- Biden Judge Juan Merchan is more than happy to drag this out. It's his time to shine after all.Unfortunately for Merchan and other Trump-hating Democrats across the country, the prosecution's case is a disaster. But that's, of course, not stopping Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the socialist from the Bronx, from openly fantasizing about keeping Trump in a box. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): He's hosting a rally to try to con people and try to fleece them out of every dollar that they have to fund his own legal fees, and by the way, he's doing it in the south Bronx, not to make a point but because he's got court and the man practically has the legal version of an ankle bracelet around him and he can't leave the five boroughs because he always has to be in court. And so, it is truly an embarrassment to him and --(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Not to make a point like most communists, AOC loves the thought of turning the justice system against her political opponents, of course. Not making a point, he's got an ankle bracelet.AOC is now particularly unnerved because Trump is set to host a massive political event in her district. Tomorrow, the former president will hit the campaign trail, where? In the Bronx.No Republican since Ronald Reagan has won New York, but according to polls, Donald Trump now has a real chance.Biden is up by just single digits in New York in a new Siena College poll. Needless to say, Americans with Trump derangement syndrome, they are panicking.This includes the disgraced former FBI Director Jim Comey who is begging Americans to vote for Joe Biden. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: When you think about a second Trump administration, what do you think the implications would be for the FBI?JIM COMEY, FORMER FBI DIRECTOR: Oh, serious. For the Justice department and the FBI because Trump is coming for those institutions. He knows their power and I think he has regrets that he didn't work hard enough to corrupt them last time. So he's coming for them and that's a danger for all Americans. This election matters because of a reason like that. People have to participate.You cannot sit on the sideline. I don't care how you feel about Joe Biden, you must vote for him because the consequences on the other side are too severe.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: According to Jim Comey, holding government bureaucrats accountable is a threat to America. Of course.Thankfully, Jim is no longer with the FBI, thanks to Donald Trump.Here with reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett and former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi.Gregg, did the socialist from the Bronx just sort of admit what the entire trial is actually all about, it's a virtual ankle bracelet? That's what they want. It's -- he's forced to campaign here because we're keeping him here.GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Yeah, absolutely. You know, sometimes I truly wonder how AOC manages to think with that brain of hers. You know, she essentially has admitted that this case against Donald Trump is election interference and brazen lawfare, and I pity her Bronx constituents have only become poorer and some of them poverty stricken during Sandy's tenure while she's yucking it up with a -- you know, fancy galas and expensive gown.The point of Trump's rally in the Bronx is to underscore just how Bidenomics has ruined these people's lives but, you know, AOC is the woman who said, oh, unemployment is low because everybody has two jobs. You know, Pete, that is some kind of stupid.HEGSETH: Sure.Pam, she wants to deride it as there's no point, but there very much is a point and she has to be smart enough to know that it's a generational politician in the Republican Party that could venture into the Bronx and gather a crowd that Joe Biden couldn't, a Democrat in that place. So she definitely is making a point and she definitely knows that. Just can't say it.PAM BONDI (R), FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Oh, she sure does, Pete. It's her hometown. She's born in the Bronx. She couldn't draw her high school class to come out and see her. Yet, Donald Trump leaves New York yesterday after a grueling day in court, flies to Texas today, holds two multi-million dollar fundraisers. Last month in Palm Beach, raised over $50 million, the largest fundraiser ever. And in April, almost doubled by $25 million, what the Democrats raised.So, she can't handle it. Now, he's flying back to hold a fundraise -- excuse me, a rally in the Bronx, a rally, and think -- I was in New York yesterday, Pete. People everywhere, all they're talking about is going to the -- going to the rally tomorrow night to support President Trump. I can't wait to see how crowded it is.HEGSETH: It's going to be something to see, no doubt. Check it out on the FOX News Channel.Gregg, let me ask this. A bunch of people have asked me this and I'm curious too, I know some instructions were given, but there's a long weekend here. What's happening with this jury over the course of this long weekend? And how do you think it'll affect the way they assess this trial so far?JARRETT: Well, the judge is exposing them to an increasing likelihood of outside interference. You know, they're instructed not to pay attention not to talk to anybody about the case, don't look at the news or social media. Well, he's creating a temptation to them, you know which is incredibly dumb.I think much depends on the closing argument. The elements of the alleged crimes were never proven in this case. Business records were not false. They were accurate.Trump had no involvement. There's no evidence he willfully violated election laws and no laws were even broken. Plus, it's factually impossible to influence an election after it's over. Yet, that's how the indictment reads. Even if Trump knew about the Stormy Daniels NDA, so what? That's not unlawful.So, you know, I come to the basic question, Pete, you know, where is the crime? It's nowhere.This -- this is what I call a Bigfoot case. It's a trial in search of an imaginary crime, and I think the jury should be insulted that Bragg hung his entire case on a prolific liar who was caught lying again in court and then admitted he's a thief. This is a politically driven corrupt case. I hope the jurors see it.HEGSETH: Pam, real quick, handicap where we're at right now for viewers when they come back on Tuesday.BONDI: Oh, Pete, you know, sitting in there, that judge is basically a prosecutor. He is rooting for the prosecution. He is ruling against President Trump every step of the way. I wish all Americans could see what I was able to witness as to how bad that judge was.But let's hope the jury does the right thing, and they follow the law. He committed no crime as Gregg said. There is nothing there, and let's just hope we have some honest jurors in New York who are going to do the right thing, because President Trump did nothing wrong, despite this judge going after him every step of the way ruling against him the entire trial. He's committed reversible error. So let's hope that the that the jurors do the right thing in the end.HEGSETH: Absolutely. It comes down to a jury of 12 individuals with decency. Hopefully, they are able to see through a lot of this, including a couple of lawyers, and push through. We'll see.Gregg Jarrett, Pam Bondi, you've both been fantastic on your coverage of this trial and we appreciate having you tonight.All right. So what impact does the political show trial in New York have on America's judicial system? Let's step back a little bit here.And here to respond to that is Louisiana Senator John Kennedy.Senator, you've been a busy man, but sometimes when we're in the middle of something we know is a show trial, or we know is playing to the electorate, meant to have a political effect, we maybe missing the implications of this moment. How significant is this weaponization in the history of our judicial system and what course is this setting us on?SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): In my opinion, Pete, President Biden and the district attorney have run over America's political or rather criminal justice system backed up and run over it again.As one commentator put it, how can something so small, allegedly falsifying business records six years ago result in something so big. For the first time in America history, the criminal prosecution of a former president of the United States. And I've concluded, I think most Americans have, that the answer is just craven, grotesque politics.No person in the Milky Way believes that these charges -- falsifying business records -- would have been brought against anyone on God's Green Earth except Donald Trump.President Biden and D.A. Bragg have made a conscious decision to bastardize America's criminal justice system and to prosecute President Biden's political opponent. I don't believe President Trump would be being prosecuted but for the fact he's running against President Biden.And as I've said before, this is the sort of thing that happens in countries whose Powerball jackpot is 287 chickens and a goat. This is not supposed to happen in America.Now that they have done it though, they won't -- they may be the first but they won't be the last. They have summoned spirits they can't control. There are thousands of ambitious prosecutors out there across America, Democrats and Republicans, and their constituents now are going to expect them to prosecute political opponents.President Biden for his own politics has placed the American criminal justice system ass deep in insanity and he -- and he and Mr. Bragg got to hide their head in the back. It's grotesque in my opinion.HEGSETH: You're exactly right. Senator, they've started it. The he question is the next step, is it -- is there a possibility and Trump has alluded to this that could actually course correct this judicial system at the federal and state level or have we entered just entered a fight fire with fire phase where hey, you did it, now we're going to do it even stronger because we control the judiciary, or is the deep state going to steer that in your mind.Where does it go next? Where should it go?KENNEDY: Well, President Biden and District Attorney Bragg have taken the unthinkable and turned it into the tolerable, and I fear that it will eventually become the normal. And the attitude of many people will be two wrongs don't make it right but they do make it even, and that is dangerous for America's political system and our criminal justice system. This is just unconscionable.President Biden, I was hoping he would govern with knowledge and wisdom. He has governed with appetite and ambition, and his term has just been one long prayer.The only the only way -- I'll just say this, Pete -- the only way we're going to find justice in America is in a voting booth.HEGSETH: Amen to that. I think the largest jury of all, the American people, are going to have to put this back on course. You're right, it doesn't make it right but it does make it even, and I know a lot of people who certainly feel that way.Senator Kennedy, thank you for your time tonight. Appreciate it.All right. Here's a big reason why Democrats are so aggressively using the justice system as the senator just laid out as a political weapon. They've let it out of Pandora's box, Joe Biden is unable to campaign. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: So, yes, I am -- I don't say frustrated -- and I do think the president has to deal -- the age issue is suffocating him and he needs to bring up that he's only four years older than Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Biden's mental and physical decline is a huge issue. They can try to deny all they want, it's huge. He can barely walk or talk or read from a teleprompter like this one. It's not good.And now, Joe has a lot of ground to make up in swing states as the Democrats lawfare campaign appears to be backfiring.Also, big news tonight for Donald Trump, his former rival Nikki Haley announced today that she will be voting for Trump in November, saying Biden has, quote, been a catastrophe.Joining us now with reaction, the host of Outkick's "Tomi Lahren is Fearless", Tomi Lahren, along with former senior adviser to President Trump, Stephen Miller.Stephen, Donald Trump has been kept in the ice box for over a month, yet his numbers keep going up. Explain that phenomenon to the libs please.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISER TO TRUMP: Well, I think it's two things. First of all, there's a clear public backlash against these fascist Biden trials that they did not anticipate when they launched these crusades.But President Trump, even though he has been trapped in that ice box, has still been taking his case to the American people every chance he gets, whether it's on social media, whether it's in his events in New York and whether it's his campaign travels when he can get out of the courtroom, and he's making that case about a border invasion, about rampant inflation about the destruction of the American dream, about a world that is on fire, about a justice system that is being used by Joe Biden to punish, persecute, hound, harass and incarcerate political enemies.Americans want to live in a free country, not a fascist country. And the polling reflects that fundamental truth.HEGSETH: They see it.Tomi, you know, James Carville, we played the sound. He's one of the few people on the left just ringing the bell saying wake up people like we don't have our A-game here. We're -- we're heading into a freight train. Do you think eventually they wake up to what he's saying and try to make a change or are we on the course we're on?TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, I've been maintaining for almost two years now that they will course correct. They will not run Joe Biden in November because they simply cannot. You can be old or you can be a failure, but you can't be an old failure, and that's exactly where Joe Biden is -- cognitively, mentally failing, and also his policies are failing. You cannot be both.I've maintained for two years it's not going to be Joe, but let's just pretend that it is Joe. Donald Trump doesn't have to do much. If Donald Trump in fact acts the most presidential in the next few months that he's ever acted in his entire life, he will win in November. Do less, he doesn't have to do much. Go out, talk to the people, go to places like the Bronx, interact and just sit back and let Joe dig his own grave, quite literally.Let him talk, let him do his events. The Democrats are not going to be able to cover him much longer, and then let's just see if they run Joe. But like I said, I don't think they're going to do it. I think that they're going to bait and switch at the last minute, at the convention or shortly thereafter. We've got to be prepared for that.But right now, Donald Trump, just do your best to do less and you will win.HEGSETH: It'll be interesting how that plays out in the debate context as well.Stephen, the significance what is the significance of Nikki Haley coming around and saying, well, I am a Republican I guess, so I guess I will vote for the Republican nominee Donald Trump? How -- what you what do you make of that today?MILLER: Well, it reflects the further consolidation of the Republican Party, the unification of the Republican Party behind the nominee, behind President Trump. Whereas on the Democrat side, they are riven by chaos, they are fractured.They have a massive pro-Hamas wing that has all the energy in that party. They have a massive BLM wing that has all the energy in that party. It is alienating voters. It is terrifying voters.Whereas the Republican Party is coming behind a very straightforward, popular and populist vision that President Trump has laid out about restoring sovereignty, deporting the illegals, taming inflation, getting criminals back in jail where they belong, reforming DOJ and the spy agencies to protect us from the bad guys, not to use that awesome power to go after Americans -- traditional Americans, Christian Americans, conservative Americans.That vision of national restoration, that vision of national rediscovery is what is bringing together record numbers of Americans in support of the Republican Party. And again, it's fracturing and splitting apart Democrats to the point where many Democrats are not even going to be voting for Joe Biden. They're going to be voting for President Trump or maybe even third party candidates on the left.HEGSETH: It sounds good to me because it's common sense that Donald Trump uses that phrase all the time. It's not even just about conservatism, it's just common sense.Tomi, real quick. Ask you a question, do a lot of the voters that were sticking with Nikki come home to Donald Trump? Like does her movement reflect that other people will move as well?LAHREN: I don't think there's a lot of voters that actually liked Nikki Haley's policies. I think they like the fact that she acted presidential. She presented as presidential. So, like I said before, if Donald Trump can just take on a little bit of that energy, a little bit more presidential, at least for these next few months, he will get those voters.They like Nikki Haley because she looked to them like a candidate that was respectable. They don't like Donald Trump for his personality, but they love his policies. They love ending endless wars which Nikki Haley was never going to do.So those people will come home. They understand and they might not celebrate it, but they will vote for Donald Trump.HEGSETH: That's all it takes, if you get into the ballot box or get the ballot early which is what Republicans have to do as the left builds a machine or maintains a machine that they rely on.Stephen and Tomi, thank you both so much.All right. After a breach at Quantico from two Jordanian nationals, illegals, Senator Lindsey Graham is demanding answers.Plus, a disturbing new video from the southern border.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HEGSETH: Welcome back to the special edition of "Hannity".Illegal immigrants are now flooding into our country from all corners of the globe. Here's what Bill Melugin discovered at California's border with Mexico. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Where you guys from? What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pakistan.MELUGIN: Pakistan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.Where you?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Turkey.MELUGIN: Turkey?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah.MELUGIN: Turkey, okay.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Turkey.MELUGIN: Turkey.Where are you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ecuador.MELUGIN: Ecuador?Where are you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.All India?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: Iran.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Iran.MELUGIN: Iran.You're all from Iran. Why did you come?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No freedom.MELUGIN: No freedom?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, in Iran. Iran is dangerous country, no freedom for speak, for writing, for singing, for thinking.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Pakistan, Turkey, Iran, India, China, and that's just one group in the middle of the night. Plenty more have come from other countries, including Iraq, Afghanistan and Jordan.In fact, recently, two men from Jordan were apprehended trying to illegally access the Marine Corps base in Quantico, Virginia.Now, very little information about that incident has been released, but Senate Judiciary Committee ranking member, Senator Lindsey Graham, is now demanding answers in a new letter to Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.And Senator Graham joins us now.Senator, it is curious. I've been following this story for a couple days, how little we know about these individuals we could presumably learn a lot quickly and they could release it. What -- have you heard back on the letter? What do you know?SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): I haven't heard a word, but I'll make sure that I get an answer because, look, you got two fighting age males came here illegally from the Mideast, what could possibly go wrong? Trying to lie their way and falsify their way into a marine base. If that doesn't bother you, what would?For two years now, we've been screaming to high heaven, the border is broken, ISIS and al Qaeda are getting stronger over there. They're going to come here and kill a bunch of us if we don't do something new and different.For two years, they continue the same old policies. I want to know were these two guys on the terrorist watch list. What do we know about them? Why did they want to get on a Marine Corps base pretending to be something they're not?HEGSETH: They persisted from what I understand. They pretended to be Amazon subcontractors which they weren't.GRAHAM: Exactly.HEGSETH: They tried time and time again to get through.So this letter, you're asking for their alien files, how they came, are they on the terror watch list? How easy -- how easy are those for someone like the secretary of homeland security to obtain? And what is his track record for actually giving you information about things he may or may not want to share?GRAHAM: Like pulling teeth. It took me months to find out that the man charged with killing Laken Riley, Mr. Ibram (ph), I think is his name, came here illegally, paroled into the country, because there was no space in El Paso to detain him, not because he had a legitimate reason to be paroled, they just had no place to put him. They let him go and he's charged with killing this young lady in Georgia.We have two people trying to get on to a marine base from the Mideast, fighting age males, here illegally and I am going to get to the bottom of it. There's a reason they're not telling us this. It took me forever to find out that the reason the guy who's accused of killing Ms. Riley came here illegally and paroled illegally, they didn't want to tell me that. I had to beat the crap out of them.HEGSETH: Well, you're right. If they knew there was nothing to it and they'd come running to the cameras and say, well, this was just a big misunderstanding and absolutely they would.GRAHAM: Yeah.HEGSETH: So all that tells you is there is something there.You know, this administration's all about politics and control and their ability to perpetuate their power. Wouldn't they recognize that this vulnerability eventually is going to come home to roost, 10, 11, 15 million illegals in this country from all around the globe? Eventually, something terrible is going to happen and it's going to be on them.GRAHAM: I don't know. That's the really good question. At what point does it become clear your policies not working?Look at what's going on in the Mideast. You're going to have the prime minister on in a moment, look at the world we live in. They're trying to arrest the prime minister of Israel and the defense minister for fighting back against Hamas. They're putting the ICC, a rogue prosecutor, is drunk with power, and you know, the Biden administration needs to up their game when it comes to Israel. Give them the weapons they need to win a war they can't afford to lose, secure our border.At what point in time does it become clear your policies are failing and we're going to get attacked again. We're living on borrowed time. If this is not a wakeup call, what would be?HEGSETH: I mean, Senator, if you told us on 9/12/01 that we would be letting in people from all -- I mean, where are -- where are we on threat levels today vis-a-vis 9/10?GRAHAM: On a scale of 1 to 10, 12. I've never seen it's so bad.HEGSETH: No, I mean versus the day before 9/11, the day before 9/11.GRAHAM: So, here's what I would say, the FBI director said that the lights are blinking everywhere. He's seen threats before but not so many at the same time. I've never seen more threats to our country than right now that could result in another 9/11, and we're not adjusting our policies. The FBI director told the world, the nation, that everywhere he looks, he sees blinking lights and the Biden administration hasn't changed anything at the border.It's just as broken as it was before, and Israel's under siege by Hamas, Hezbollah, Iran wants to kill all the Jews and our answer to the Hamas attack is to -- is to cut off weapons. This is insane.HEGSETH: Hold them back.GRAHAM: This is insane.HEGSETH: Hold them back. It's almost -- it's almost like the threat is on the inside, like they want to let him in. I don't know what else you would do unless you were working for the other guy.GRAHAM: I don't know what to tell you but --HEGSETH: Senator --GRAHAM: Thank you.HEGSETH: Right? I don't either. I don't either. Thank you, Senator.All right. Up next, Sean recently spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu about the ICC issuing a warrant for his arrest and much more. That interview straight ahead, as this special edition of "Hannity" continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HEGSETH: Welcome back to this special edition of "Hannity".Yesterday, Sean spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, just one day after an international criminal court prosecutor requested a warrant for Bibi's arrest over alleged war crimes. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. Joining us now is Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.Mr. Prime Minister, always great to have you. Well, I wish under better circumstances.So I'm watching this illegitimate, you know, court, the ICC, and this indictment of you and I'm thinking, okay, I'm sort of comparing it to 9/11 in our country. And we lost 2,977 Americans. Now based on your -- the population size of Israel and you know I've been there many times, it would be the equivalent of what happened October 7th to losing 40,000 Americans in a single day.Why you as the prime minister of your country defending yourself against these radical Islamists attacking and killing your people and kidnapping your people and you're the -- and somehow, everything's so upside down that you're the problem, and there's a moral equivalency with Israel defending itself and radical terrorists?BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: Well, you know, it's the -- it's outrageous. I think President Biden said that in Republicans and Democrats have rallied around this, you know, the effort to fight this absurdity. I mean, this is a rogue prosecutor who's gone amuck. He's out to demonize the one and only Jewish state and the only democracy in the Middle East, and it's very -- it's both false and dangerous.False because, first of all, he's creating a false symmetry as you said between the democratically elected leaders of Israel and the terrorist tyrants of Hamas, and that's exactly like saying, well, I'm going to issue arrest warrants for President George W. Bush but also bin Laden or in World War II,. I'm going to issue arrest warrants for Churchill and FDR but also for Hitler. Thanks a lot.It's a false symmetry. It's despicable symmetry and, of course, this prosecutor never goes after the tyrants of Tehran or the butchers of Syria or what is happening in Yemen, the killers of Yemen or anywhere else or North Korea, anywhere else, he's going after us because he's out to demonize Israel and really fan the flames of antisemitism.The second thing is the charges are false. He's accusing us of deliberate starvation. What a pack of lies. I mean, we're putting in -- we put in 20,000 trucks, 500,000 tons of food and medicine. The price of food in Gaza has plummeted because markets don't lie. We've got -- you know, people receive about 3,000 calories per day compared to the 2,000 that's required. It's a bunch of baloney.And yet, you know, if you repeat a lie often enough and if you have slanted U.N. organizations dominated by Hamas and its killers, to give you these information, is completely false.So I think he -- he didn't even bother to investigate. I don't know if you know that. He just received these false, contentious and misleading charges, and took them as face value and then slammed this on Israel.So it's false, but let me tell you why it's dangerous because, Sean, Israel is first but America is next, and all democracies are next because if -- if this is allowed to -- if Israel is bullied into not stopping these terrorists and getting rid of these terrorists, then all democracies will be imperiled. And it's also dangerous because he's pouring gasoline on the fires of antisemitism that are raging on U.S. campuses and around the world because people think this is a serious organization, the ICC.It'll take time for them to know what a farce it is. And so, he's really stoking the fires of Jew hatred around the world and it never stops with Jew hatred. It inflames entire societies. You see that on the campuses of the United States.HANNITY: Oh, with President Trump, would they -- he would true from this. President Biden went back into it. I know he condemned it, however, the fact that I think America should pull out again as a result of this. I think every Western country should pull out and have no association with it, which brings up the broader question and I've said this for years, that look at the U.N., for example, they have historically been antisemitic and anti-American.Why -- why is the U -- why are we funding at with U.S. tax dollars the majority of funds for the U.N.? What about the WHO? They lied to the world about COVID? Why the WEF? Why the Paris climate accords that, you know, grant the status of developing nations to China and India?How does any -- how do any of these globalist organizations make any sense? This one is the probably the worst of all of them.NETANYAHU: Well, certainly going down that route, you know? People used to take the general assembly of the U.N. seriously, well, it passed more resolutions against Israel than all the -- I think all the other countries combined. The so called Human Rights Council of the U.N. also taken seriously and then people saw that it passed more resolutions on Israel than all the rest of the world combined, including North Korea, Iran, Yemen, Syria, you name it.So, obviously, they lost all their legitimacy and this rogue prosecutor with his -- with his false symmetries and his false charges is doing exactly the same to the to the world -- to this ICC and it remains to be seen whether the judges will go down that route, too. They might -- and then it'll become a kangaroo for all the world to see.So I think that's, you know, that's -- if he -- if he wants to put a stain on Israel, he's putting a stain on himself. And I'm very glad now that in the U.S. Congress, there's a very strong effort, which is bipartisan, and I hope it continues to conclusion, I'm sure it will, to put sanctions on anyone who does this in the ICC. I think it's the least that should be done and I expect it to have a lasting effect. I think it's important.I'm very glad to see a lot of countries, a lot of serious leaders have stood up and said this is a -- this is absurd. We can't accept this.HANNITY: Well, this would be the same as George W. Bush after 9/11, being indicted the same way you were.Listen, the only people Israel is guilty of willfully killing are terrorists, the people that started the war. So let's be very clear.Let me ask you another question and move on to a different topic, and I know Israel said they had they had no part to play at all in the helicopter crash of the Iranian president, better known by the way as the butcher of Tehran, and what bothers me though is the Biden State Department sent Iran condolences, the U.N. held a moment of silence. Now, the number one state sponsored terror, Mr. Prime Minister, the last time I checked, was the Islamic Republic of Iran.They helped plan and plot and scheme and provide weaponry for the October 7th attacks against your country. They're providing Hezbollah in the north, in Lebanon, with weapons to fire into your country. They are arming the Houthi rebels also firing weapons and rockets into your country.And why would anybody offer condolences to the death of one of the worst terrorists in world history? Can you explain that? Because I'm not that happy that my country did that.NETANYAHU: Well, you'll have to ask the administration that question, but I'll tell you who I offer condolences to -- I offer condolences to the people of Iran who've been terrorized and subjugated by these theocratic thugs for half a century. I mean, they -- they've killed them on the sidewalks, they don't let them raise their voice. They promote terrorism around the world, but they also do horrible things to their own people.So I offer my condolences to the Iranian people and I hope they get rid of this tyranny as soon as they can. I think that -- that's been my position all along and I think that's the right position.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEGSETH: Well done.Straight ahead, Biden announced yet another round of student loan handouts but most Americans are still hurting, thanks to Bidenomics. We'll explain and get reaction from Brian Brenberg and David Asman, coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HEGSETH: Today, the Biden administration announced another 7.7 -- another $7.7 billion dollar of student loan forgiveness, your money, forgive it -- as the administration tries to bribe voters, that's exactly what it is, ahead of November.But this latest ploy isn't going to make the American people forget how bad the Biden economy really is. You see, this weekend marks the unofficial start of summer, looking forward to it. But according to a new FOX News poll, over 50 percent of Americans don't plan on taking a summer vacation, and 73 percent of those said -- who said they're staying home says it's because they can't afford to pay for that trip or that vacation.And that's not all Americans are struggling to afford, a survey released by the Federal Reserve this week found that more than one-third of American cite inflation as their biggest financial challenge, with some citing how the cost of child care is almost as much as housing. And now, SNAP benefits aren't even keeping up with inflation, the cost of living. An Urban Institute analysis found that by the end of 2023, SNAP benefits fell short of monthly food costs which is what they're supposed to cover.And since the Biden administration would rather lie about the economy than fix it, some corporations are taking matters into their own hands, even tuck it in swimsuit. Target has announced they are cutting prices on 5,000 household essentials to help out their customers and try to get shoppers back into their stores.Joining me now for reaction, co-host of "The Big Money Show" on FOX Business, Brian Brenberg, along with FOX Business anchor David Asman.Gentlemen, both great to see you.Brian, I saw something online today, someone pointed out, remember it was a $5 foot long at Subway. Now the $5 foot-long is 13 bucks. You can't ignore that.BRIAN BRENBERG, FBN HOST: No, I used to eat a lot of those $5 foot longs. I like a good deal. I like cheap food. I like a world where you can afford things.I mean, think about this, you got families saying, I can't afford to go camping this summer when you've got kids camping on college campuses and taxpayer money is being handed to those kids to pay back their loans. And I got to tell you, that's exactly the way the Biden administration likes it.They don't like big families. They don't like people driving around in big cars. They don't like people in big houses.They do like people by the way on SNAP benefits, and I bet you're going to see them use this whole SNAP isn't enough in order to increase SNAP benefits because what they want is you on their budget, so they can control it.HEGSETH: You on their budget which is actually your budget because it's your tax dollars, but not really because they're just printing a lot of money anyway, David, because they stole it, David, you're exactly right, I mean they play a game they rig themselves.DAVID ASMAN, FOX BUSINESS ANCHOR: Well, and you used the word essential. Americans are having to spend more money on essentials just non- discretionary spending, that's stuff that you need as opposed to stuff that you may not need, like a boat or another computer, stuff that you need -- food, health care, child care, insurance for your car. That stuff is still going up at a pretty steady pace about 6 percent.The discretionary items and stuff you may not need is about flat. So that's artificially bringing inflation down because rich people can afford the non-discretionary items, the stuff you need. Poor folks and average folks can't do that, and this -- the cost of this student debt is enormous, it's $870 billion to $1.4 trillion. Tat's how much debt.The Constitution didn't expect a president to spend -- a king can spend as much money as he wants, but not a president. That's Congress's job. That's why the Supreme Court said it was illegal and the president continues to do it, even though he's breaking the law.HEGSETH: Brian, David raises a great point about essential versus non- essential, but you and I both know a lot of people who work day to day, paycheck to paycheck, and three, four years ago, they would have taken that vacation, because they felt like they were getting ahead, and that's a wonderful thing for their family. That's what the American dream is supposed to allow for.Now, they're saying not only can I not do that but I can barely make the essentials.BRENBERG: Yeah, and that's why they feel terrible. That's why they say the economy stinks, even when the president says, oh, look, unemployment's low. Oh, I think your wages are rising. Oh, inflation's not that bad.They say I can't take a vacation. I can't afford the things my family needs and I've got a government who instead of taking that burden off of me puts it more on my shoulders by limiting my energy, by limiting what I can buy, by limiting my choices. Forget about essential and non-essential, the government loves to define that. Let Americans decide what that is and give them the right to earn the living to get it.ASMAN: Right.HEGSETH: I can't wait for Uncle Sam to tell me you're exactly right.(CROSSTALK)HEGSETH: David, take it away.ASMAN: Yes. The incredible thing is that the president is doing this, spending a trillion dollars on student debt because he thinks he's going to get the youth vote. In fact, he's losing it. The President Biden and former President Trump are equal now with voters under 30, they both got 49 percent. Four years ago, Biden was beating Trump by 20 points. Now, they're dead even. So it ain't working, Mr. President.HEGSETH: No, it sure isn't. It's incredible. It's staggering. The attempt to buy votes, they know is unconstitutional, which will get overturned but it doesn't matter because its efficacy is tied to Election Day. Yet young people are actually smart enough to see that you're giving me this money but you're actually wrecking me on the other side. So I'll take your money and then not vote for you, which is what you're seeing in the polling numbers because they're smart enough to take the money and then choose their economic future.Brian, David, you guys are the best. Thank you.All right. Coming up, I have a new book coming out called `The War on Warriors". It's right here. I'll explain the betrayal that is happening to the men and women who risk their lives to keep us safe. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HEGSETH: Welcome back to this special edition of "Hannity".Well, in two weeks, my new book the "War on Warriors" hits shelves. You can pre-order it right now and have it in time for Father's Day or for a good summer read. The book is personal to me. Spent 20 years fighting Islamist extremists only to be called in my case a domestic extremist. (AUDIO GAP) overseas, leftist (AUDIO GAP) back home.They want to control, fundamentally transform our military but we are awake to their woke, and our battle begins anew here at home.You see, the military cannot be organized like a Harvard faculty lounge, catering to ever more obscure identities. Our core identity as war fighters is normal, patriotic men looking to serve their country, not their gender, or their racial identity, ordinary men and women willing to be extraordinary or die trying. You see as warriors, meritocracy is our bedrock, lethality is our trademark.There is no black or white, (AUDIO GAP) green. Our strength is not (AUDIO GAP) despite what Pentagon leaders may tell you. It's in our unity and in our love (AUDIOP GAP).This book tells the truth and names names, and I share my own battlefield stories to illustrate at the reality of the brotherhood and why we need to save it. The book is "The War on Warriors". I'm proud of it, and I hope you order it.Also, the third episode of "Outlaws and Lawmen" with Sean Hannity is available today exclusively on FOX Nation. The third episode follows legendary man hunter Bass Reeves. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: One of the first Black Deputy U.S. Marshals in the west, Bass Reeves is often viewed with suspicion and outright hostility. But over a staggering 30-year career, Reeves brings thousands of outlaws to justice and sends more than a few to their graves.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: It's a great show, you got to see it. Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. Be sure to catch me this weekend at "Fox & Friends".Gutfeld is coming up next. Have a great evening, everybody.