ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: So go get yourselves some sweat jean things, they are wonderful.DR. MARC SIEGEL, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, they're comfortable to wear though.ACUNA: They are so comfortable.MIRANDA DEVINE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, you look great in them. A lot of people would look terrible.ACUNA: All right, that does it for us. We will see you back here 7:00 PM Eastern for the "Big Weekend Show".LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I am Mark Levin and welcome to a Special Memorial Day. Memorial Day is very important. The Special Memorial Day edition of "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN."Tonight I want to share with you some of the critical discussions we have had so far this year with patriots like Steve Moore, Mike Gonzalez, Senator Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee and many others.But first we begin with America's wisemen as I call him, Victor Davis Hanson who has written a truly incredible book called "The End of Everything" where he details exactly how America is unraveling and how it impacts your life and the life of your children.It is a truly amazing book, I highly encourage you to read it. Do not just take my word for it. Hear from Victor himself.Go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: We are here with a man I call America's wiseman, Victor Davis Hanson. I don't bring on pollsters or political commentators, I bring on people who can help inform us about what the hell's going on in this country through a perspective of history or philosophy or economics, Victor Davis Hanson is the tip of the spear.He has a brand new book coming out Tuesday, "The End of Everything: How Wars Descend Into Annihilation," and there's a lot of ancient history in here.For example, he talks about the destruction of Carthage, the fall of Constantinople, the Aztec empire, and so forth and so on.Now, why is this important? Well, these empires were also supposed to last forever, and they didn't last forever. Well, what happened? And is it happening to us today?Victor Davis Hanson, it's always an honor and a pleasure to have you. This is a fantastic book. I learned more about ancient history than I could have imagined, "The End of Everything." You can get this at amazon.com, any major bookstore.So why did you write this book? And how do you tie it to the American Republic today?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW, HOOVER INSTITUTION: Well, you know, usually wars end, Mark, with a surrender or humiliation or defeat, but every once in a while, then not just in slaughter, but the complete erasure of civilization, language, and religion, and I was interested, when did this happen? These rare occurrences? Could they happen again?And there was kind of a paradigm that the targeted people are very naive. They don't realize that they're not as preeminent as they thought they were. They have no appreciation for the type of people who are outside the walls that want to destroy them, they misinterpret the intent of the enemy. And a lot of that is contemporarily relevant, especially here in America.We think that we're still as preeminent as we were when we set up the postwar order, and we're very strong, but we're not continuing that supremacy, whether it's the borrowing a trillion dollars every hundred days or Pentagon has been weaponized, politicized. We're not spending enough on Defense, and the money we do spend is not well spent.We're torn apart at home, so our enemies abroad are sensing that and our friends are very worried that they look to us, and unfortunately, in these examples, I selected from history, everybody thought somebody would save them. They all -- the Byzantines thought the Venetians will sail up at the last moment; the Carthaginian said somebody will attack Rome from the rear, it doesn't happen. They're on their own, and they're not prepared and they are very naive about the existential threat that confronts them.And I was worried there's a lot of parallels here in the present age as well.LEVIN: You know, one of the most effective things that you do in this book is you explain these tremendous empires that existed before. They don't exist anymore. They disappeared.You explain how that happens? You explain how it can happen in the United States of America.My question to you is this. You write about these things, you have a fantastic column. You come on TV. These things are swirling around your mind all the time.It must be enormously, enormously frustrating as it is to me to watch what is taking place in the United States today, with this knowledge of these empires, with this knowledge of ancient history and modern history, and saying, stop, do you understand what you're doing to yourselves? Does this administration understand what it's doing to our country? Don't it -- does that run through your mind?HANSON: It does. And unfortunately, it's sort of tragic, because, Mark, all of these weaknesses and challenges were apparent. But they weren't neglected or they were ignored until the 11th hour and then people woke up and said, wow, there's Alexander the Great outside our walls or wow, Hernan Cortes wants to destroy us and it is too late.When I was writing the epilogue, and especially since the book was written, when I look at our elite universities, Mark, I mean, they're medieval.These students are arrogant. They're not well trained. They don't know the basics of analysis, language, composition, computation, and yet, they're very arrogant, and they're descending into a medieval antisemitism that we thought disappeared from the Modern West, but it's back in a way that we haven't seen in a century or maybe even further and nobody is saying anything about it.And there is one good thing about the clarity. We're not -- we don't have enemies outside the walls yet, but we've dispelled a lot of myths the last month, Mark, one of them is being pro-Palestinian is equivalent to being pro-Hamas. They used to say there's a difference, there's no difference.And everybody said, if you were anti-Israel, that didn't mean you're antisemitic. There is difference. We know that now.They hate Jews, they hate us. It's the same.Everybody said the Democratic base is left wing and there is a moderate -- no there's one Democratic Party. It's been taken over by the left.Everybody said Stanford, Princeton, Harvard, Yale, they are our preeminent elite institutions. These are the cream of the crop. No, they're not. They're not. They're not.LEVIN: If you're going to read anything, you're going to get a book, I want you to get this book. "The End of Everything: How Wars Descend into Annihilation" by Victor Davis Hanson. You can get it Amazon.com right now, any major bookstore. It comes out fresh off the presses on Tuesday morning.I read this book. I learned a tremendous amount. It is so compelling and it is so relevant to what's going on today. It's very, very important.A couple of quick questions here, Victor. So how long did Carthage survive before it was destroyed?HANSON: Eight hundred years, Mark. Thebes, 1,100 years, Constantinople 1,200 years, 1,100 years; the Aztec Empire about 300 years and that was what was so fascinating that it all came to an abrupt end so quickly when they felt they were invulnerable given the longevity of their empires.LEVIN: And we're about 250 years and we are not the same America we were two years ago, five years ago, 50 or a hundred years ago, isn't that correct?HANSON: Yes, it is and that's what was striking how quick decline comes because it's almost -- it's sort of like that old Hemingway. It was gradually and then suddenly, bankruptcy. That's what happens.It's gradually and you don't detect it, and then it just appears. And I think we woke up, you know, about a year ago and decided, what the heck happened to America? We didn't realize it was accelerating the geometric rate, this chaos and confusion and the decline.LEVIN: Is part of the problem, Victor Davis Hanson that there are people out there who are banging the pots and pans, they are ringing the alarm bells, you have, I have, some others have, but it is interesting, but kind of dismissed and we go on with our lives rather than the other side, they never go to sleep.They're insomniacs for power. They're insomniacs for revolution. You see it in our streets. You see it in the Democratic Party. You see it in Congress, you see it in the media, you see it in entertainment, whereas the average citizen who loves his country, they're loving the country, they're not busy preparing a revolution.So I guess my question to you is, I guess, mankind has never really figured out how do we promote liberty without tyranny, exploiting liberty to destroy liberty?HANSON: I think that's a really good point, Mark. I think most people that are a traditionalists and conservatives, they say, you know, I can't take this anymore, I'm going to move to a red state. I'm not going to watch the Oscars. I turned off the NBA, take a knee people. I don't watch the Tonys. I don't go to movies. But that's not enough, that monastery of the mind.This late date, we've all according to our stations got to stand up and say, you know what? I'm going to vote. I'm going to give money to a candidate such as I can. I'm going to be active. I'm going to press the left. I'm going to enter into a debate with them, argue with them.You've got to be active because they control the institutions and they're taking over the country, and it is not enough just to say, you know what? I'm going to isolate myself on my farm and I'm not going to get active. I'm going to go to a small town America, and see if I can recreate an island in a sea of insanity. It's not enough anymore.LEVIN: What you say is very, very important. If people think about all the interactions they have every day, and all the opportunities they have every day to try and I don't mean get into people's faces, to try and have a rational discussion not with the Zealots, not with the fanatics, but with people who may be kind of out of it, not focused, may be on the fence.That's an opportunity for our Paul Reveres and our Thomas Paynes out there to do something. There are tens of millions of us, right? So tens of millions of us do just a little bit more in our own lives than we currently do. We might have a shot, correct?HANSON: Absolutely. And we can't be fearful or be captive of our fears that we're going to be called too reactionary or too radical to just be common sensical. For example, we're borrowing a trillion dollars every hundred days, we can stop that. We can stop 10 million people coming in tomorrow if we want to.We don't have to let these universities get free income on these multibillion dollar endowments. We can tax it very easily. But when we try to discuss things like that, they say, you're racist, you're mean. We just have to ignore that. And we can -- the power is in our hands, if we exercise it.LEVIN: And we ought to, as I wrote, we've got to use the BDS movement against these colleges and universities, boycott, defund, sanction. They don't have a God-given right to all of our money. They don't have a God- given right to be radical Soviet-style breeding grounds.Our state legislatures, our Congress, our departments need to start focusing on how faculty is hired, how administrators are hired.We need to do a surgical operation on what's taking place on these campuses. Final word?HANSON: Yes, you're absolutely right. I mean, Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Stanford, they said, well, we're private. No, you're not really private. You take -- you participate in a $2 trillion subsidized student loan, you get tax free endowment. You get multimillion dollar grants from the government. And you don't obey the Bill of Rights, and we can stop that. We can enforce rules.They're dependent on us. We're not dependent on them, Mark.LEVIN: And we are dependent on you, Victor Davis Hanson, "The End of Everything: How Wars Descend Into Annihilation." Very, very, very important book. Amazon.com, any major bookstore. It comes out Tuesday. I encourage you to order it, and make sure you give a copy to a few knuckleheads around so they can educate themselves, too.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: Up next, economist, Stephen Moore, he reveals how bad Biden's economy really is and how he is getting away with it.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back to the Special Edition of LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN. I want you hear from my friend and economist, Stephen Moore who reveals Biden's budget proposal and the disaster that it is for hard-working Americans, especially you, in the middle class.Go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: We are here with our buddy, Steve Moore, economist extraordinaire at the Heritage Foundation, founder of the Committee to Unleash Prosperity, Fox News contributor.Steve, I want to read something to you, and then I want you to comment on it as long as you need to.The Biden administration actually proposed a budget and that tells us what is in his mind, and heart, and soul about where he wants to take this country.And the Tax Foundation looked at it, and they said: His proposed budget would slash gross domestic product in the long run by 2.2 percent, slash capital stock by 3.8 percent, slash wages by 1.6 percent, result in increased unemployment of almost 800,000. It would decrease American incomes by 1.9 percent in the long run, raising the corporate income tax to 28 percent, the largest driver of negative effects.It would drive down GDP by 0.9 percent, capital stock by 1.7 percent, and wages by almost one percent resulting in unemployment of almost 200,000 -- and it goes on and on and on, and this guy is getting away with saying that he has cut the debt, that he has a responsible proposal. It is like $8 trillion, it is like $7.8 trillion, and everybody is saying, except the hard left, this guy is crazy what he is proposing here.What is your take?STEPHEN MOORE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, great to be with you, Mark, and I loved your opening monologue, and I do feel sometimes by the way, like we are living in George Orwell's 1984, when you look at what has happened to our country. I mean, you are a hundred percent correct.Now, let's talk about that Biden budget. You know, I have lived through -- I've been doing this for 40 years, so I've examined 40 years of budgets, and normally, what happens is democrats when they get to the election year, they move to the middle and they pretend like they are conservatives, and I've got to give Joe Biden credit. He is not moving to the middle.I mean, this isn't your big government is over, this is like, your big government is here to stay, like we have never seen before. You mention the fact that the is lying about these deficit reduction numbers. I mean this is a joke.This is a president in just three years in office has increased the 10-year forecast for the debt by $10 trillion, Mark, $10 trillion. How is that reducing the deficit?Second of all, let's talk about taxes for a minute. You know, I am an old- fashioned Reagan supply sider. You want to get tax rates lower to bring jobs and businesses back, Reagan did it. It worked, Mark. Donald Trump did it. It worked to create a great economy.You are not going to believe this, Mark, but under the Biden tax plan, the United States of America, the land of the free would have a higher tax rate than Russia and China -- our businesses.Now, my old boss, Dick Armey who I loved and adored. He was the former Majority Leader, he used to say that liberals love jobs, but they hate employers. This is an assault against American businesses, small businesses. American corporations are playing right into the hands of our enemies like China and Russia and the European countries that are our competitors.You know, Trump used to say that these other countries are laughing behind our back. That's exactly what is happening here. This is put America last budget.LEVIN: And yet, he frames it -- you know, Meese, he said, we also are like Marxists now, and he frames it in the Marxist language, a class warfare, get the rich, go after the corporations, and this is the Democratic Party theme song now, which is we are cutting spending while massively increasing it. We are cutting that debt while massively increasing it.You want to destroy Social Security, when in fact they refused to reform it, so they are destroying Social Security and Medicare. And then they go on these rants about how they stand for the little guy and so on.Maybe you can tell me, what exactly has Joe Biden done for the middle class in this country?MOORE: Well, middle class is poorer since Joe Biden came in when you take account of inflation.We have not seen this kind of inflation in this country since the late 1970s when Jimmy Carter was in office and you'll remember what happened with him. Ronald Reagan beat an incumbent president by 10 percentage points, and I think you are looking at the kind of same frustration the middle class is financially stressed out right now. They're having a hard time paying mortgages. They're having a hard time paying their grocery bills.I mean, when I go to the grocery store with my wife sometimes, people come up to me and they get angry at me because they -- you know, they think the inflation and they are feeling an inflation rate that is much higher than the rate that is being recorded by the federal government.I mean, if you look at what is happening to the price of food, if you look at what's happening to the price of energy, if you look at what's happening at the gas pump, if you look at mortgage payments, those are not up by 20 percent since Biden came into office, they are up by 30 percent.How many people's incomes, Mark, do you think have gone up by 30 percent in the last four years? Not many, except the very rich.LEVIN: My dad used to say, if you kill the golden goose you don't get golden eggs, it is really quite that simple.Let me ask you this question.MOORE: Yes.LEVIN: In addition to the taxes, the regulations, they literally went to ban the combustion engine and the gasoline automobile. What will that do to the average person both in terms of their lifestyle and their costs? And the EPA is doing this. There is not a statute that supports this.MOORE: I think this is probably the dumbest thing that Joe Biden has come up with, and he has come up with a lot of crazy ideas.But I want to make sure your viewers understand this. Joe Biden is talking about taking away your car. This is a war against the gas-powered car and what he wants to do is force consumers and car buyers to buy electric vehicles whether they want to or not, Mark.Now, I am not against electric vehicles, I am not against Teslas, some of my best friends have Teslas. But in this country, we believe that people have a right to choose, don't we? I mean, why should the government tell you what kind of car you can buy? Only one percent of the cars today on the road, did you know that, Mark, only one percent of the cars are electric vehicles. Only about six or seven percent of the sales are electric vehicles even though they are pouring massive subsidies into it.So, I think people are going to be angry about this. The price of cars is going to go up there not allowing the companies to produce them like Ford and GM. I mean, it is an outrage and I think people are extraordinarily frustrated by this, and I think there is going to be a real push back against -- they are not taking my car away from me, Mark, that's what people tell me. They are not going to take my car away from me.LEVIN: The electrical grid is not set up for this.MOORE: No, no way.LEVIN: So we are going to have brownouts and blackouts. You're going at rationing of energy.MOORE: Yes.LEVIN: These vehicles and the charging stations, they are not ready for this. They're not ready for the cold weather, the freezing weather.How many fire departments have told us they're very, very dangerous vehicles. When they blow up, all kinds of toxins. They cannot get people out of these cars. And they do not care they are driven by ideology, not by economics they are imposing their will on the American people, no?MOORE: Mark, if you wanted to destroy a country's economy, destroy its energy supply. People should know this. They are going after our fossil fuel industry which provides 80 percent of our energy in this country.We are not going to have any industry left in this country if they pursue this green energy strategy.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: When we return, Mike Gonzalez further exposes a topic that is near and dear to my heart and I know yours, American Marxism.We will be right back.JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.Millions of people across our nation's heartland are bracing for another round of extreme weather. Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas could see some of the strongest storms tonight. Violent tornadoes, damaging wind, large hail, and heavy rain all possible. Southern Texas also could ring in the unofficial start of summer with dangerous triple digit temperatures.More strong storms are forecast to take aim at the Mississippi, Ohio, Tennessee Valleys tomorrow.And the severe weather starting to wreak havoc for the tens of millions of people traveling this Memorial Day weekend. The TSA set a new record yesterday screening nearly three million passengers, that is the most ever and a single day.AAA estimates more than 38 million Americans will hit the road this weekend.I am Jon Scott now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.You all know I've been talking about American Marxism for years. Well, my buddy, Mike Gonzalez reveals to us exactly what is going to happen to this country when the youth of this country start running our country in his new book "Next Gen Marxism."Go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: The left has their ideologues, I don't even call them philosophers. They are propagandists, they are demagogues going away back. They read them, they know them, they can cite them and they implement their agendas.We conservatives and constitutionalists, we don't really do that. So it is important that we have people who know what the hell is going on and they can express it in a way that is understandable to the extent I can that I present them to you.Now, we've had Mike Gonzalez on here before. He is a fantastic thinker and writer about this issue of American Marxism and Marxism generally. He has co-written this book with Katharine Gorka who is a friend of ours as well, "Next Gen Marxism: What It Is And How To Combat It."Now, why is this important? Because we are living it right now in the United States of America. You are confronting it. It is swirling around you. It is in that media, it's in the government, it's in Hollywood, it is everywhere.Mike Gonzalez, welcome. Congratulations on this fantastic book, "Next Gen Marxism."Let's begin.You start out with the revolution. Briefly tell us, what is this revolution? Are we in the middle of it? Has it already taken place? Where are going with it?MICHAEL GONZALEZ, CO-AUTHOR, "NEXT GEN MARXISM: WHAT IT IS AND HOW TO COMBAT IT": No, we are in the middle -- and thank you, Mark, for the things you said.We are in the middle of it. I actually have good feelings, I'm optimistic. I think the American people are going to win because we caught this early enough.But yes, I mean, in this a book, what we did was set out to answer and to explore the nagging question that Americans are asking themselves, why is the country becoming unrecognizable?You asked about the revolution. The revolution we see every day in little things that are big things: Why are some teachers pushing gender confusion? Why are some librarians sharing pornography with young students and hiding it from their parents? Why has race once again become the most important factor in promotion and hiring? And why are universities becoming centers of intolerance?Our answer is that because it is a revolution bubbling from within, is that it is not by accident. This transformation of America is due to the fact that some very important people agree on some fundamentals, they are sometimes called cultural Marxists.They call themselves critical Marxists. We call them Next Gen Marxists because they bring to the equation elements that are traditionally missing in cultural Marxism or in critical theory, such as the -- one of them is the use of neighborhood organizing, of community organizing as perfected by Saul Alinsky, a very American thing.Also the use of sex to destroy society from within, destroy the family. Now, as you know because you've written about this, this is not quite new. It started Gyorgy Lukacs, in the Hungarian Soviet in 1919, used it to destabilize the family.Marcuse used it -- talked about it in "Eros and Civilization" 1957. But today its use of queer theory and gender theory to deny reality, to say that amputations are perfectly reasonable -- perfectly healthy organs is gender care, and then -- and also the use of a race, the stoking racial grievances to deconstruct society, to dismantle society and lastly, the new element, this 21st Century elements is the use of vast networks -- Marxism networks that span the globe and social media to stoke what we saw in 2020 in the BLM riots was exactly that. Revolutionary outpouring of this cultural Marxism, what we saw in 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri was another revolutionary spark of this.So what we try to do is expose this and then provide solutions as to why -- how to stave it off, how to help the American people fight back.LEVIN: Do you see now, I do, a fusion of sort of the Marxists and the Islamists -- both of which hate America, Western society, Western values, and now there seems to be this fusion in the universities and colleges, seems to be this fusion in our media, seems to be this fusion in our streets, the river to the sea.Do you see this fusion now because they have a common enemy, which is us?GONZALEZ: Yes, in Europe this is called the Red/Green Alliance. Let me give you two examples of this very thing you're talking about.In 2007, world Marxist leaders called for a beachhead of revolution to be set up here inside the US. Hugo Chavez in Venezuela called for this in 2006 and what do you know, in 2007, this was established when American Marxists opened the US social forum in Atlanta in 2007 with a gathering of thousands of people.By the way, Alicia Garza and Patrisse Cullors, the founders of Black Lives Matter were there in Atlanta in 2007. This is a decade, not a decade, but many years before, they founded Black Lives Matter. Who else was there? Gobs of Palestinian activists there in Atlanta 2007. Again in 2014, I've mentioned before Ferguson, Missouri.When the world Marxists gather, who was there again? A lot of Palestinians. It is December 2014. The next month, 2015, Patrisse Cullors is in the West Bank cutting videos with Palestinians. What you're talking about is definitely happening.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: Next Senator Ted Cruz joins me to discuss how to fix our corrupt Department of Justice.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America. Our current Department of Justice sadly is the most corrupt and partisan Department of Justice in American history, and I lay the blame directly at Joe Biden's feet, and our good friend, Ted Cruz and i discuss how we can attempt to dig out of this.Go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: Senator Cruz, does the lawlessness of the Biden administration and the Department of Justice know no bounds?I mean, they have been subpoenaed for records about Joe Biden's interview with a now defunct a special counsel and now, a public report, no criminal charges.The attorney general of the United States has decided that he is not going to turn the videos over because it's just going to be used to embarrass Biden. Number one, it must be pretty bad videos, but number two, do you have an embarrass Biden exception to the Constitution. Are you aware of that?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Well, of course not, and listen, this Department of Justice tragically is the most partisan and politicized Department of Justice we've ever seen.You and I are both alums of the Department of Justice. The Department of Justice has a long history of staying out of politics, of being apolitical and Merrick Garland has come in and turned DOJ into essentially the enforcement arm of the DNC.And number one, he has weaponize DOJ and the FBI to go after Biden's enemies, but number two, he has also marshaled DOJ as a political protection racket to cover up Joe Biden's wrongdoings. In this instance, he does not want Congress and American people to see Joe Biden answering questions about the corruption of the Biden family, about the millions of dollars his family made selling favors from Joe Biden.And it is utterly disgraceful and it's dangerous to the rule of law.LEVIN: He has also, Senator Cruz, defied two Supreme Court rulings, one involving student loans and he is playing catch me if you can. In other words, he is going to shove it may be another trillion dollars out the door from working Americans who did not go to college to pay off the debts of those who did in order to turn out what he believes is that youth vote in the big cities to win the election.What do you make of that?CRUZ: Look, this one is a trifecta. He is simultaneously screwing working men and women. I think the most consequential political shift in the last decade is Republicans have become a blue-collar party. We are the party of truck drivers and steelworkers and cops and firefighters and waiters and waitresses.And Joe Biden and the Democrats have abandoned working men and women so they are taking the money. If you are a construction worker, they are taking your money and they are giving it so woke up gender studies major in an effort to buy votes, and this is -- it is the people who are footing the bill are working men and women who are either going to pay higher taxes or face inflation from the debt that Biden wants to take.Number two, it is utterly lawless. As you noted, he tried this before the Supreme Court struck it down. He is doing it again, defying the law. And number three, he is deliberately lying to young people.This is a naked effort to try to buy votes, to convince young people, hey, come out and vote for the Democrats. They give you free stuff. But you know what? Biden and the White House, they know this will get struck down in the courts, so they are counting on, the Democrats believe young people are not very bright. They won't figure out this is an empty promise, that it is lawless and cannot happen, but they hope a bunch of young people come vote for it anyway and get duped.It's an nakedly transparent and political.LEVIN: You know, Ted Cruz, the third rail used to be Social Security and Medicare, and Joe Biden spent most of his life in the Senate demanding that we slash both or freeze both or significantly change both and now, he is campaigning as if he is the defender of Social Security and Medicare accusing Donald Trump of doing or wanting to do what Donald Trump has never said, just as now he pretends he is the Nelson Mandela of Civil Rights.When he goes into the Senate, he sides with the old confederates, the segregationist and the racists and he throws in with them and introduces legislation to prevent school integration in our public schools and the 1994 Crime Bill, which laid out a plan to basically go after people who use and sell crack cocaine more aggressive than people who use crack cocaine. He was told that was racist, he did it anyway.It is because the media are corrupt that the public does not get the context for Joe Biden and who he is, isn't that correct?CRUZ: That is exactly right and the Democratic Party's history on race is terrible and Joe Biden is right in the middle of it. It was Democrats who founded the Ku Klux Klan. It was Democrats wrote the Jim Crow laws, the Democratic Party was built on racism.By the way, as a Republican, the first Republican president was Abraham Lincoln. Our party was literally founded to defeat slavery, we succeed in it, and Democrats have engaged in naked race baiting. They try to divide us on race, they try to scare the African American community with unfounded lies.Now mind you, at the same time, Joe Biden is doing everything he can to trap young African American kids and Hispanic kids in failing schools because Joe Biden opposes school choice. He is bought for and paid for by the teachers unions. And you know what? The lie that media says is well, yes, okay Democrats were racists for a hundred years, but magically they transformed.Well, as you and I know, Robert Byrd, the senator was Senate Majority Leader, a Democrat was exalted cyclops in the Ku Klux Klan and Joe Biden gave a eulogy for him.Now I've got to see if you are giving eulogies for Klansmen, you are not exactly on the moral high ground when it comes to race, but remember, Biden on race is just going to hypocritically abuse -- remember when he said running against Trump, he said, if you're not voting for Biden you ain't Black.He does not think African Americans or for that matter Hispanics or women or young people, anyone can think for themselves. He wants everyone instead to just be captive to the power of the democrat party.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: After the break, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee joins me too discuss the left's war on Trump and how their witch hunt is destroying our democracy.We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Biden does not want a fair election and he does not believe in democracy. When the Democrats cannot defeat their opponent, they simply want to disable them and that is what they are trying to do with President Trump my putting him in prison.Mike Huckabee joined me recently to tell us how it goes even further than we realize.Go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: We are here with our friend former Governor Mike Huckabee, former presidential candidate, all-around smart guy.Mike Huckabee, Joe Biden and the Democrats are bent on imprisoning Donald Trump. Their media, hell-bent on imprisoning Donald Trump, their elected Democrat hack judges hell bent on imprisoning Donald Trump, their rogue prosecutor from The Hague hell bent on imprisoning Donald Trump.My question to you is this, Joe Biden could put an end to most of this, if not all of this, if he wanted to because this benefits him enormously.But Joe Biden is not going to do that because he does not want a fair election and he does not believe in democracy, does he, sir?MIKE HUCKABEE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I don't think he does, and I think the reason he is not putting a stop to it because he is the one who put a start to it.This is a strategic decision on the part of Democrats, when they cannot defeat their opponent, they simply want to disable them, and that is what they are attempting to do with Donald Trump, that's what they attempted to do with him throughout the 2016 election and they threw every kind of nonsense imaginable at him. They were unsuccessful.They have use the levers and powers of government in a way that is really more appropriate for the third world banana republic dictatorships than it is the United States of America.They have shredded the Constitution, the whole process of due process, presumption of innocence. The idea that we let the political atmosphere play out and let the people make decisions.But this is an administration that has turned all the guns of the Department of Justice -- the FBI, the CIA, the NSA -- turned them loose on Donald Trump with the hopes they could somehow either discourage him or scare the daylights out of everybody who is supporting him.Well, I just want to make it clear, they have got scared me. I'm sticking with Trump. He is the best shot we have at getting this country turned around and we better stand with him.LEVIN: Isn't that precisely why they are trying to destroy him or imprison him? There aren't many Republicans who can do what he has done and would stand what it is taking place.I tell people, there is only reason Donald Trump is running for office, they are trying to bankrupt him, destroy his businesses, put him in prison in four different jurisdictions for the rest of his life.They are smearing his name, comparing him to Hitler -- all of these outrageous character assassination phrases that these against him.So what is he getting out of this? Absolutely nothing.Unlike Biden, I would argue who has been around Washington like a bad rash for his entire career, Trump loves America, isn't it simple as that?HUCKABEE: It pretty much is, and if you look at the reality, Donald Trump not only gave up a fortune to run for president and spent his own money to get there, but he did not even take the salary of the president, gave every dime of his salary as president of the United States to charity.Let's look at the contrast, Joe Biden went into government, supposed to be in public service, he has gotten filthy rich as a US senator, a vice president, and then as a corrupt post politician in the interim between his vice presidency and his presidency.And we really are still trying to figure how much of that money came from the Communist Chinese Party through his son and through his brother and through shady business dealings.So, you have one that has enriched himself in the name of public service; another one that has all but impoverished himself in the name of public service. It is pretty easy for me to pick one of those people as the one that really loves America and the other one who loves himself and who uses America for his own ends.LEVIN: And don't we see Biden's very bitter, nasty, angry mentality, and his willingness to use any thug mobster tactics in my humble opinion playing out in other places. Don't we see it playing out in the state of Israel where he is trying to topple a legitimately elected government where he is stabbing repeatedly Netanyahu who is the commander-in-chief in the back and he has now sent directly and indirectly far more money to Iran and the terrorists in the Middle East than he has to Ukraine and 40 times more money than he has provided to the state of Israel.What kind of man does something like that?HUCKABEE: A man that for reasons that I cannot understand, just will say that he is for Israel, but he is not.Here is really does not make sense, when Donald Trump was a president, he did not bomb Iran, but he doggone near bankrupted them. The second and third degree sanctions that Donald Trump and his administration put on Iran impoverished them to a point they couldn't sell their oil, they couldn't sell anything.They did not have money to give to Hezbollah and Hamas. They were hurting. They're hurting badly.Joe Biden comes in and immediately he turns on the spigots. He gives them cash, he releases funds, he takes away the sanctions, and within a short period of time, the Iranians, they are rolling in dough.And they do not use it to build schools and feed people, they use it to fund terrorism through their proxies like Hezbollah and Hamas.Hamas would never have gone into Israel on October the 7th if Donald Trump had been president because they would not about the resources to do it, and they also probably would have feared the reaction of the United States and other countries had they done something as atrocious as what they did when they went in and brutally butchered innocent Israeli citizens on that Shabbat morning.(END VIDEOTAPE)LEVIN: When we come back, my final word on Memorial Day.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I consider Memorial Day probably to be our most important day where we as a nation recognize the men and women who died for this country.One of the reasons I do this job and a radio and Blaze and write books, is because I think about all of the heroes that went before us to give us what we have today, this blessed country, our freedom, our prosperity.It is also why I defend this country in every way I know how in the broadcast platforms and online because the people who take advantage of this country, who walk into this country who attack our monuments, who attack our Founding Fathers, they are a disgrace. In fact they are disgusting.They put nothing on the line. They've contributed nothing to this country.So, Memorial Day is very important.So tomorrow, Sunday, Memorial Day being Monday, talk to your kids and your grandkids about why we embrace Memorial Day and the men and women who gave us the country that we so adore. I will see you tomorrow night, Sunday on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.