BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Francis Scott Key Bridge following its collapse in late March. We'll talk about the issues of the day as well. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home again tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. As always, thanks for joining us. The latest lawfare volleys on day 14 of the Trump trial, Judge Jeanine Pirro, she was at court today. She's here in moments, get all the good details. And we witnessed the regime media desperately trying to breathe life into this dead dog of a case. I'm getting a lot of laughs out of it.But there was another big legal development today that will not thrill them quite so much. Hunter Biden is going to court. A federal judge in Delaware just denied his attempt to get the felony gun charges tossed out clearing the way for Hunter's trial to start next month. Yes, we'll be watching.Plus, tonight, we're bringing you a primetime crossover event. Sean Hannity is here. He's going to react to my ultimatum to the Never Trump-ers. But first, Daniels in the lion den. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, despite the near orgasmic reaction of Left-wing media personalities to Stormy Daniels testimony, they're choosing the path of willful blindness regarding Ms. Daniels' sketchy temperament and her credibility. Now remember, all they need, all Trump needs is one juror who votes not guilty to deliver a hung jury and illegal body blow to the pudgy Alvin Bragg.Now at various points in her two days on the stand and other exhibits entered into evidence, Daniels comes across as not only an angry shrew, but an angry shrew who's also an extortionist. Here's the audio of a 2018 conversation between Daniels, former lawyer Keith Davidson and Michael Cohen, where he recalls how furious she was that the deal to buy her story before 2016 election wasn't happening fast enough.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEITH DAVIDSON, FORMER STORMY DANIELS' ATTORNEY: I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if he comes out and says, you know what, Stormy Daniels, she wanted this money more than you can ever imagine. I remember hearing her on the phone saying Keith Davidson, you better settle this story, because if he loses this election, and he's going to lose, if he loses this election, we lose all the leverage. This case is worth zero.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Leverage. Well, when pressed about this today, Daniels denied ever saying that to Davidson, why would I say that? But what would be the motive for her own lawyer to fabricate facts about her being angry and possibly losing that leverage against Trump? It doesn't make sense.Does this woman, when you really think about it, sound like a sympathetic star witness to any reasonable juror? Of course not. That doesn't matter to the reporters, to the anchors, to the so-called legal analysts, who themselves aren't interested in facts. Certainly not interested in fairness or the rule of law, or the ramifications for all of this, the poisonous precedent is going to create.For them, Stormy is like Daniel in the lion's den. Every moment is on a moment of genius that she's on the stand.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: At times, it felt as if she did a little bit of a mic drop.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: She says wow, with a pause. The sex in the films is very much real just like what happened to the --(CROSSTALK)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Mic drop, really? They've obviously watched too many episodes of The Voice. Now aside from the telenovela like dramatic transcript readings all day long, our favorite Biden boosters marveled at Daniels' whirlwind PR tour.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRIAN STELTER, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT, VANITY FAIR: We're hearing about Stormy Daniels and how she punched back at Donald Trump. Once her private life from 2006 was forced into the public realm, she did not shrink. I'm struck by how she's had so much time to prepare for this. She was able to talk to you, she was able to write her book, she was able to talk in many forums. So, she's so well-prepared for this moment.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is CNN.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, that's CNN. Yes, they've gone from Bernard Shaw reporting masterfully in a war zone to lame commentators trying to rehabilitate a witness for the prosecution. Well, you know, they're losing ground when their most gleeful moments are completely unrelated to the case.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: She talked about the relationship between Donald Trump and his wife Melania. And there was one quote here that I thought was great. She said, there was really no one else who could put him in his place. She's talking about Melania. He was my boss. She was definitely the one in charge.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Fascinating. This reminds us that the prosecution sole focus here is to use whatever happens at trial, however, relevant and certainly irrelevant to the case itself to in some way, I don't know, wound, humiliate, deep six Trump's chances in November, although that point wasn't at all really negative, just kind of odd, who cares? But the corporate press usually plays right along.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDERSON COOPER, CNN ANCHOR: They're actually arguing over who the orange turd is that Stormy Daniels referenced in a tweet. She says, oh, I absolutely meant Mr. Trump. So, Stormy Daniels has now clarified that is in fact who she was talking about when she's talked about flushing an orange turd down the toilet.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: You noticed that Anderson Cooper really seemed to relish saying, orange turd. How many times did he say it? We didn't have the drinking game going, but we might as well have. Again, humiliation of Trump, the only goal here. But the funny thing is, their strategy with some witnesses seems to be backfiring. Like one moment from Trump's longtime assistant Madeleine Westerhout about the process Trump used to tweet.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is someone who looks at every single word, every single period, every single exclamation point.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm curious what the defense does about this because in a way this testimony, unlike Stormy Daniels' testimony kind of makes him look good, in a certain way, he's involved in his work. He's diligent, he's a hard worker.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: They're trying to prove that Trump must have directed the Michael Cohen payments because he knew every detail of what was happening in the Oval Office. Is that what they're saying? Well, one problem. For years we've heard from the media and Democrats, they'd complain that he showed up unprepared for meetings, right, didn't have any in-depth knowledge that had golfed all the time. kind of not really there. It's all ceremonial.But now, we're supposed to believe he meticulously tracks and directs every movement in his office. OK, well, which is it? These people can't get their story straight about Trump, and it speaks to the weakness of the overall case against him.Now remember, Daniels testimony was totally unnecessary to the question at hand, whether Trump approved the falsification of business records in order to commit another felony and further insolvent (ph). But look, we don't need to rehash why this case is a farce. You know why it's a farce. Anyone who's honest with themselves knows why it's a farce. To the extent that regular Americans are even following this, they see this for what it is.This is a papered over political hit job, further sullied by Judge Merchan's overbroad and unconstitutional gag order, which the President hasn't been deterred by.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Judge Merchan is totally conflicted, like probably no judges ever been conflicted before. Your problem is from the Left, it's not from the Right. Big problem from the Left. It's from within.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, he's right. And we'll see whether the other comments he made today about Bragg and Merchan's conflicts of interest will get him in more hot water. Well, they were certainly accurate. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Judge Jeanine Pirro, co-host of The Five. Judge, thank you so much for joining us. I know you're in that overflow room today. The rest of the cross of Stormy Daniels and then the redirect of her, what stood out?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST, "THE FIVE": What stood out to me was that she was a very prepared witness for direct examination, I think overprepared. And when they got to cross-examination, she was a different person. She kept denying things that were, you know that there was evidence that she was lying. So, she would say things like, no, I didn't do it for the money. I just wanted to get my story out.But then she's cross-examined, and they said to her, you could have had a press conference, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday night, you could have talked - - you were negotiating with Slate, but you made a decision not to go with Slate because they weren't giving you money.So, you ended up going with the NDA, getting $130,000 and then what you did was you then started, you talked to Anderson Cooper, you talked to InTouch, you talked to Vogue magazine, you did all these interviews, you broke the NDA. And yet she's trying to establish herself as credible witness who would every turn on cross-examination is actually destroyed. She was decimated.And at the end of the trial, at the end of her testimony, you realize she didn't lay a hand on Donald Trump. She had no personal knowledge and she said this, she had no personal knowledge of Donald Trump's involvement with a transaction. She got money from Michael Cohen --INGRAHAM: Right.PIRRO: -- and that's all she knew. She knew nothing about business records. She couldn't -- she couldn't testify about it. But I'll tell you, Laura, this woman, there's something off about her, there really is. She talks with dead people. She thought the house she had was haunted and then she goes she never made so much money as she made after she met Donald Trump.She got 130 for the NDA, $800,000 for the book, 120 for some tour, then she started doing movies, then she started selling merchandise with her as a saint and a candle. I mean, this was her claim to fame, and she was going to milk it for everything she had.But most significant to me, Laura, as former prosecutor. Today, she took back everything that she implied yesterday about an imbalance of power between her and Trump and the sexual act itself. Basically, saying not once did I feel that I was in physical danger. And I could have run because he could never have catched me. But yesterday, it was like I blacked out or whatever she said, I don't remember. They pulled her back. She lied. She contradicted everything she said. Terrible witness.INGRAHAM: But so -- again, we have actual former U.S. attorneys --PIRRO: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- and former state prosecutors, big deal lawyers on television all day long. Not all of them. There's some on the other networks are actually pretty good.PIRRO: Yes.INGRAHAM: But these, these lawyers in particular, this attempt to explain away these inconsistencies. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LISA RUBIN, MSNBC LEGAL CORRESPONDENT: Susan Necheles was accusing her of changing her story overtime, the way in which we've all changed societally, we can't put that back in the bottle. It's hard for Stormy Daniels to recall her 2006 self, because just as memories fade, memories also changed as they're processed by our continued lived experiences.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Let me tell you something, Laura, this was not about memories changing or fading memories or not remembering the past. She absolutely, it was contradicting. One thing that that she had said otherwise in her initial testimony. So, everything about this was a lie. And I'll tell you what was most interesting too, was then she started off by saying, I was in 200 porn films. And I also directed and acted in another 150 and you're saying to yourself, this is a star witness.But more than that, what you recognize was that she wrote these porn stories. She used to describe them, direct them, she could have written this as well, you start going along this thread of who she really is, then she's all into the money, then she knows that Trump is her way to cash out. And she's milking it for all she's got. But this is not about a fading memory. This is a woman who is lying because you cannot have it both ways. And I can go through five or six things, and she totally contradicted herself on.INGRAHAM: Judge Pirro, the media has indicted itself in this.PIRRO: Oh.INGRAHAM: The New York judicial system has indicted itself in this. There are so many people who are guilty at the end of this, except the defendant.PIRRO: Yes.INGRAHAM: And there has to be a juror, one juror, at least on this panel that sees this for what it is, I would assume, if the judge's instructions to the jury are real instructions and not changed or altered in a way to kind of confuse what is the actual rule of law here, then Donald Trump should be declared not guilty.PIRRO: And this jury was subjected to information, Laura, that was not only prejudicial, non-prohibitive, but is something that is a basis for reversible error. They didn't want to hear this. And the last question --INGRAHAM: You bet.PIRRO: -- put to her was, did Donald Trump have any involvement in any of this? Whether it's the bookkeeping, the NDA, the negotiation, nothing. This was all to try to diminish Donald Trump, and it's reversible error like the gag order.INGRAHAM: Judge, great to see you as always. Thanks so much. All right. Let's check in now on how the new dominant force in the Democrat Party is doing. Princeton University protesters went on a hunger strike after the school refused to divest from Israel. But these Poison Ivy League students must not have realized what a hunger strike actually entails.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is absolutely pathetic (ph). My peers and I, we are starving.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Starving? Did they not have an extra croissant at the coffee shop? What's starving? During a hunger strike? No.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are physically exhausted. I'm literally shaking right now as you can see. We are both cold and hot at the same time.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Cold and hot at the same time. Have you tried eating, maybe just grab a blanket.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I truly do not feel like I'm doing anything special. This is my choice. And I would not spend my birthday doing anything other than being here and standing in solidarity with you all.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Happy Birthday. Now remember in stopping that shipment of munitions to Israel, Biden is feverishly trying to placate in court, people like that. Coming up, Biden claims he's got sympathy for struggling Americans, but he just proved that is a complete and total lie. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now, Joe Biden reportedly loves, loves being referred to as the empathizer-in-chief, because he wants you to think that he cares, he feels deeply. But watch this exchange.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIN BURNETT, CNN ANCHOR: Grocery prices are up 30 percent, more than 30 percent since the beginning of the pandemic, and people are spending more on food and groceries than they have at any time, really in the past 30 years, I mean, that's a real day-to-day pain that people --JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: No, it really is. And it's real. But the fact is that if you take a look at what the people have, they have the money to spend.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: What an out of touch, insensitive boob. Most of America doesn't have family members, Mr. President, who make millions of dollars from foreign sources, and maybe can help out every now and then. But he did say what he's angry that he is angry, he's angry that you have to spend more. But it's not his fault.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: The whole idea of this notion that Senator Casey talked about shrinkflation. For example, stickers, boy, they did a thing and that's like 20 percent less for the same price. That's corporate greed, that's corporate greed. And we've got to deal with it. And that's what I'm working on.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, shrinkflation of the brain. The proper follow up, of course, question that should have been asked after that was why didn't everyone simply raised prices under the last few presidents then? Why did they start getting greedy and doing shrinkflation around the spring of 2021? Spoken as a man who has never made a payroll in his life, by the way.Remember, this is the same administration that initially lied about inflation, claiming it was all transitory, blew it off. Why should anyone believe them now? Joining me now Ben Domenech, Editor-in-Chief -- Large at The Spectator; and Brian Brenberg, co-host of The Big Money Show on Fox Biz, both are Fox News Contributors.Ben, it was quite something, that interview. I mean, I think they felt like they had to put Biden out. And they had to have some forum where someone could ask him some of these tough questions. But I bet there's not going to be a lot more of those given what happened last night.BEN DOMENECH, EDITOR-AT-LARGE, THE SPECTATOR: Well, it isn't even a tough question, Laura, it's an opportunity to show empathy and that kind of thing, as opposed to just blaming everybody else. Look, the truth is that when we look at the people who are shifting most dramatically, from having been Biden voters to considering voting for Donald Trump again, it's driven by people who have young families, people with children, you know, those are the people who, frankly experience on a daily basis, the consequences of the inflation that they're experiencing under Joe Biden.Every grocery bill, you react to it with horror, you react to it saying, I'm buying the same things and it cost so much more than it used to. Basic things like fast food are shooting through the roof. Now you've seen more than 200 percent climb in the cost of a McDonald's cheeseburger since the end of 2019. That's the kind of thing where it's like, I can't take my kids to McDonald's anymore. That's ridiculous.And I think that it's the kind of opportunity missed by this President, who is famously supposed to be this super empathetic guy. And I think it showed why in this case, he doesn't have any empathy at all.INGRAHAM: Well, Brian, David Axelrod, who obviously, he was a talented, very talented political strategist, worked for Biden, worked for Obama, very close friends. He was stunned to hear what Biden said last night. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID AXELROD, POLITICAL STRATEGIST: That's not the way people are experiencing the economy. They're experiencing it through the lens of the cost of living. And he is a man who's built his career on empathy. Where is -- why not lead with the empathy? And I think he's making a terrible mistake. If he doesn't win this race, it may not be Donald Trump that beats him. It may be his own pride.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Is that it, Brian? His pride? I mean, that would imply that Joe Biden is actually thinking through his answers. I mean, he was obviously -- BRIAN BRENBERG, HOST, "THE BIG MONEY SHOW": Right.INGRAHAM: -- coached. I mean, they probably coached him, Lord knows how many hours they tried to prep him for this interview. And that's what came out on the other side.BRENBERG: I mean, is he that famous for his empathy? Number one. Let's be honest, I haven't seen in the last three years, so I don't even know if I buy that claim. But number two, he doesn't have to be empathetic. He just has to be honest. If he's honest with people about what they're dealing with, then instead of when they're drowning, throwing them a solar panel, he gives them some help, but he's not honest.And here's the reason why, inflation is a feature in Bidenomics, they have to make life more unaffordable for you so they can force you to change how you live, what you drive, what you cook with, where you will have a home, if you have a home at all, that is the point.So, he can't face this head on, because the whole project of the Left is in fact to make your life unaffordable, so you live the way they want you to live. This isn't about empathy. This is about denial of reality to get the project done. So, even if they lose in 2024, the thing keeps going because you can't roll back all that regulation.INGRAHAM: Yes, Ben, Axios is now claiming by the way that Trump's immigration policies will make inflation worse. OK. This is one of the best things I've read. This is the best piece of fiction, writing in part that economists the ones who missed inflation believe the last year's immigration increased, allowed the job market to continue booming without adding inflationary pressures. Trump's deportation plans, while supported by a majority of Americans could exacerbate labor shortages and reignite inflation.A ban, what they're really saying is wages would go up, right? I mean, heaven forbid the wages of working-class Americans actually go up again, because we kicked illegal labor out of the country.DOMENECH: You know, you're completely right. And obviously, this is something that's ridiculous. But one of the things we need to understand, and I completely agree with the argument that this is about controlling --INGRAHAM: Control.DOMENECH: -- people's lives and controlling where they live and how they live.BRENBERG: Yes.DOMENECH: But this is the Democratic Party. It used to be the party of the working man. It used to be the party of -- it's the economy, stupid, the whole thing has reversed. Everything's flipped now. OK. And that's why you see black, Hispanic working-class voters, middle class voters, shifting so dramatically into the Republican lane. And I hope that Republicans are smart enough to take advantage of this situation and speak to those voters. It can't just be a message that says, Joe Biden is bad, it should be a message. We can fix this.INGRAHAM: Yes.DOMENECH: We can turn this ship around and we've got a better plan than the other side to make things --INGRAHAM: Yes.DOMENECH: -- work for you.INGRAHAM: I'm thinking of people like Ken Langone, you know, one of the founders of Home Depot, he's a fun guy, very colorful, very smart. But I was reading back in a comment he made Brian, oh, Trump is a disaster. Trump, I'm endorsing Joe Biden. And I'm thinking Ken Langone, OK, billionaire in the United States. He's looking at this and says as, this is fantastic. This is what all these young couples want for their economy. This is what all small business owners want, really? People like that got to do mea culpas after their ridiculous comments about Trump versus Biden.BRENBERG: Yes, I don't know what -- I don't know what he's thinking about when he says that, but I do know what regular people are thinking about. And all they're thinking about is give me somebody where things add up, where the dollars and cents make sense to me, where my budget gets a little looser, my life gets a little bit --INGRAHAM: Yes.BRENBERG: -- easier. My business grows a little bit faster. And if you can do that, you're the guy. Right now, for America, you're the guy.INGRAHAM: All right, Ben, Brian, great to see both of you. All right, new details about Biden's biggest political ploy yet. I'm going to explain it all, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It never mattered to Democrats that Biden's illegal alien invasion was terrorizing innocent Americans. And look, they were not bothered at all by the national security threats an open border posed. And if working class Americans, they had to pay more for the benefits that millions of illegals would receive. Too bad.But now Democrats are pretending they care because they see this issue is severely damaging them in poll after poll. Check this out. Biden only has a 32 percent approval rating on the immigration issue. Who are the 32 percent who says he does a good job? The illegal aliens themselves.But how convenient then that was six months until Election Day, the White House is proposing a new rule that's supposedly going to crack down on illegal aliens.Joining me now is Indiana Congressman Jim Banks. I mean, we like to call them, Congressman, undocumented Democrats. But DHS released this new proposed rule late tonight claiming it would permit asylum officers to consider bars to asylum and withholding of removal during initial credible fear screening, which happens just days after an individual is encountered.I thought they said, Congressman, that they didn't have the power to change anything. Wasn't that the big pitch they gave us when we kept complaining about this for the last three and a half years?REP. JIM BANKS (R-IN): Yeah, for three and a half years, the president said he couldn't do anything. And now as Democrats are crying out to the president to try to fix the obvious problem that's going to cost their jobs in November, he came up with this.And Laura, this is just a tweak. It doesn't do anything. These changes to the asylum claims process doesn't fix the fact that we have 10 million illegals in this country that Joe Biden has let into our country.The reason that you're paying more in health care is because these illegals are getting free health care. You're paying more in rent because these illegals are paying -- are getting handouts to pay for higher rent. The more jobs for illegal immigrants and for foreign born workers, the American people are suffering because of it.INGRAHAM: Well, that's like a big chunk of the job numbers that are even themselves are low. They always come in under expectations. I love that, Congressman.But NBC News has been teasing, though, for months that more action because, obviously, the White House is leaking information, more actions coming, just wait on the border.And today they're saying that this is not considered the major executive action that they've been previewing for months, which could still materialize in the near term. And Santa Claus is coming any day.Congressman, do you think, heaven forbid, I say this, heaven forbid, if Joe Biden becomes president for another four years, if he's reelected, anything he does on the border, don't you agree, if he ever did anything would just be wiped back anyway. Take it back.BANKS: Without any doubt. Donald Trump won in 2016 when he promised to build the wall. He's going to win in 2024 because he's promising mass deportation. That's the only way to fix it, to undo this mess that Joe Biden has created. All of these tweaks and this window dressing doesn't do anything to solve the bigger problem.And that mass deportation is what it's going to take, what it's all about, what this election is all about, and only Donald Trump can make that happen.And he's going to -- Laura, he's going to need backup in Congress. We can't have the squishy Republicans who blocked building the wall in 2017 and 2018. Donald Trump needs fighters like me behind him in the Senate and the House to get that done, to deport the 10 million illegals who have flooded into this country on Joe Biden's watch. These tweaks aren't going to solve it.INGRAHAM: Congressman, I hope to say, Senator Banks soon. I was going to say congratulations on your big primary win. The New York Times, The Washington Post were pretty much freaking out that you won, thinking you're going to end up in the U.S. Senate. Well, we should be so lucky. Thank you so much, Congressman.BANKS: Thank you.INGRAHAM: All right. Never Trumpers. Well, are they crawling back to Trump or just kind of sick of Biden? Well, we're going to do a reality check. Sean Hannity is here. Can't wait. Next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: The Never Trump crowd was riding high after January 6th, thinking somehow in their blind disgust and contempt of Donald Trump, that Joe Biden would magically become their kind of foreign policy hawk. What are they thinking now?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I made it clear that if they go into Rafah, they haven't gone on Rafah yet. If they go into Rafah, I'm not supplying the weapons that have been used historically to deal with Rafah, to deal with the cities, to deal with that problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Whoa, whoa, whoa. What happened to Biden saying our support for Israel was ironclad? I think that was a word he used. Well, the truth is he's willing to sell out Israel, because the radical left that dominates his party demanded he do so. And let's face it, he needs those votes in Michigan, remember.So now, well, the Never Trumpers horrified. Liz Cheney tweeted, withholding aid to Israel is wrong and dangerous. America must not abandon Israel. Doing so would mean victory for Iran and all its terrorist allies.Jonah Goldberg admitted, I've heard from a lot of reliably anti-Trump people, and I mean really, really anti-Trump people, who've had it with Biden. John Podor has called the whole thing a shameful betrayal. We need the Peggy Lee song, Who's Sorry Now.Here's the hard truth for all these Never Trumpers. They need to accept reality, probably do one big mea culpa to cover all the dumb things they said about Trump versus Biden before. Biden has been nothing but a failure when it comes to making this country safe at home and abroad. And what you just heard him say is proof of that.So, there's still time. Come home before the election. Unite, make the country safer and more prosperous. It's not enough just to say that this was a betrayal by Biden. Now we need you to say that Trump is the answer. That means swallowing your pride.Joining me now, Sean Hannity, host of Hannity. We miss our crosstalk. We always say about that.SEAN HANNITY, HANNITY HOST: I know. By the way --INGRAHAM: How are you?HANNITY: You know, everywhere I go, everybody I meet, oh, I miss you and Laura, when Laura would make fun of you. I'm like, so if you want to make fun of me, if you want to catch up, probably tonight would be the perfect night.INGRAHAM: Well, thanks for putting on the jacket for me.HANNITY: You're very welcome. I put on a tie too, just for you. But here's the thing. What you're saying is so, so true here on so many levels. So, let me understand this. That the Never Trumper crowd, I guess what tipped the tide for them is Joe surrendering in the war on terror. That's the light in the sand.Now, the same people that talked about January 6th, January 6th, well, they ignored the 574 riots in the summer of 2020 that killed dozens of Americans, injured thousands of cops and cost billions in property damage.They've watched 10 million-plus Joe Biden, unvetted illegal immigrants coming to this country. Their silence has been deafening from China, Russia, Iran, Syria, Yemen, you name it. They're coming in.They we've lived through the worst economy. They live through defund this - -INGRAHAM: Why did they do it?HANNITY: -- bail laws.INGRAHAM: Sean, why'd they do it? Was it just -- it was -- they think they're better than everybody else, right? They're incredible snobs. Let's put it that way. You and I know them.HANNITY: We know them. Look, I saw Jonah Goldberg's comments. I don't have any animosity towards them at all. I just, for whatever reason, they got this in their head. Maybe they don't like Donald Trump's style. However --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: They don't like you or me, either. And that's fine by me. I wear it as a badge of honor.HANNITY: They might dislike you more than me. I'm just guessing. I don't know. We could do a poll. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. You know, but I will say this, it is, right now, it's a serious moment. You said they'd have to swallow their pride. I was paying very close attention. They'll never do that. I don't think they're capable of it.But they would rather accept Joe Biden's open borders, horrible economy, weakness on the world stage that is endangering our country. These immigration, open border policies --INGRAHAM: So, they're not going to do --HANNITY: -- political.INGRAHAM: They're not going to do it.HANNITY: Listen, I invite them back. I mean, if you're asking me whether or not liberal Joe and Nicole Wallace and Jonah Goldberg and the NRO crowd are ever going to support Donald Trump, my question to them is how did they consider themselves a conservative and support all of this? And their silence has been deafening on the failures of Joe Biden. He's hurting our country.What I really worry about the most, the election is in 179 days. What I am most worried about is, I don't know how bad the damage would be if Joe Biden had four more years. I think it's irreparable harm that he's caused so far.INGRAHAM: Yeah.HANNITY: I think the country will become unrecognizable. Look at our weaponized Department of Justice.INGRAHAM: Yeah.HANNITY: Yeah.INGRAHAM: Israel could be gone. By the way, back in 2018 or 2019, Sean, Biden sang a different tune about Israel. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: The idea that we would cut off military aid to an ally, our only true, true ally in the entire region, is absolutely preposterous. It's just beyond my comprehension anyone would do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Sean?HANNITY: He -- here's the saddest part, and this is where it gets deadly serious to me. He not only has stabbed Israel in the back, he's done something that America would never have done before. Not only can our allies no longer trust us, but he has now also emboldened the worst actors on the world stage. He's emboldening all these radical Islamic terrorist groups.He's emboldened Iran. He did that from day one when, you know, he wanted to go back to the Iranian deal. He not only, you know, turned a blind eye to the sanctions.INGRAHAM: Yeah, he's not.HANNITY: They sold all their oil.INGRAHAM: Yeah, he's not running the show.HANNITY: Well then, who? All right, who's running it?INGRAHAM: Yeah. Sean, they're telling me, and I'm very excited about this, your Fox Nation show, Outlaws and Lawmen. Do you wear a hat? You wear like a big hat? Cowboy hat?HANNITY: I don't wear a hat, but you've known me for years. I do wear cowboy boots on a regular basis. That is the real Sean Hannity. I've got jeans on right now. You know that. I don't think I put on a pair of suit pants unless somebody puts a gun to my head. And you know how much I love wearing a tie.But I will tell you about this. You know, Laura, I mean, the people that built this country were amazing. They were incredible individualists. They would go west, young man, meant you would leave behind everything that you knew in the hopes that you would have a better life going into unknown territory where the law did not exist, say, around the time of the Civil War.And out of that comes the worst outlaws, and then those brave people that took them on and some of the most incredible stories. And now, you know -- by the way, it debuted one of the biggest shows on Fox Nation ever. I'm very grateful to your audience, your support, and everybody else at Fox for their support. It was fun to do. It really was.INGRAHAM: First of all, I can't wait to watch it. I haven't watched it yet, but I am going to watch it with my kids this weekend.Sean, I do miss our crosstalk, but we'll do this more often.HANNITY: I miss it more than you.INGRAHAM: All right, I'm coming on your show next.HANNITY: Anytime you feel the need, you got to scratch a niche and take a shot at me. Just invite me on. I'll sit here and I'll say, OK, you're right, Laura.INGRAHAM: Well, got it. Next up, I'm going to wear blue the same color as you next time. Sean, great to see you. Everybody, watch Outlaws and Lawmen, available on Fox Nation.HANNITY: Thank you.INGRAHAM: All right, coming up, the media needs therapy over Trump's trial, plus we're going to tell you who they're turning to, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Well, now that that law fair better there doesn't seem to be moving the needle for Joe, since these cases, one by one, are derailing. Some besties over at MSNBC already talking about how to cope with bad outcomes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I'd like to call the part of this segment therapy with Hillary, if I may. How do people manage, especially people who really love this democracy, these trials and these delays and the fear that they feel?UNKNOWN: Mika, I'm happy to go to therapy with you anytime. Justice delayed is justice denied. It is a very difficult time right now.UNKNOWN: Therapy session, obviously, officially over now.UNKNOWN: Wait, I need more.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Charlie Hurt, Washington Times opinion editor, Fox News contributor. Justice delayed, justice denied, coming from Hillary, who bleach bitter blackberries. That really kind of took the cake at that point, Charlie. They see the writing on the wall here and they're all going to need therapy come November?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Hillary, who made a -- who taught the world how to go after people with the bimbo eruptions during the Bill Clinton administration. Can you imagine being in therapy with Hillary Clinton, by the way? Just a thought that just entered my mind and I'm going to have nightmares about. Exactly.No, but think about this. These people have spun these lies. And, you know, I think it's a misnomer to treat the media like they're intentionally doing all these lies and they realize at every step that they're still telling lies. They tend to actually start believing in them.And this is -- we're in late stages of that sort of denialism where it's starting to dawn on them. Oh, wait a minute. You mean, we're not be able to put Donald Trump in jail over eight-year-old, you know, hush money, NDA, whatever? It's all just dawning on them.So, of course, they're going to freak out. And of course, the next six months, it's going to be more and more of this. It's going to get more acute. And for you and me, it's going to be so much fun to watch.INGRAHAM: I know. There are not enough therapy dogs in the world to minister to them on election night, if I have my way. All right, Charlie, New York --HURT: I think we need to get like therapy rats for them.INGRAHAM: No, or spiders or cicadas since they want us to eat all of those.HURT: Yeah, exactly.INGRAHAM: Charlie --HURT: Therapy cicadas, that's it.INGRAHAM: Let them eat cicadas. Charlie, New York's left-wing judicial mafia, they're circling the wagons for one of their own. Check it out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The judge has so much on his mind. He's got a great temperament. He's doing a great job. He's got to also think about, I'm sure in the back of his mind, is Trump going to go out in the hall and do something, which is going to cause another contempt citation? Is he going to have to incarcerate him, which ultimately seems fairly likely?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: We know, don't we, Charlie, that if Leslie, what she'd be saying if the tables were turned and Biden were on trial in like Mississippi, tried by a former Trump DOJ official before a conservative judge whose daughter was a Republican activist, she'd think that judge had a great temperament, don't you think?HURT: Yeah, exactly. So, for three years now, these people have pretended like this is about justice. This is about, you know, nobody is above the law or something like that. But as this has become more and more absurd and the reality starts to become clear that this is not going to work, they just have shirked off any pretense that they care about justice.This isn't about justice. This is all about destroying Donald Trump, hurting Donald Trump, keeping him off the campaign trail.INGRAHAM: Vengeance and control. They want to control us and wreak vengeance upon him. Charlie, it's always a great time to end the show with you and your fantastic analysis.All right, that's it for us tonight. Remember, follow me on social media. You'll see what my garden is growing. Yeah, it's really cool. Send me your pictures of your pets watching the Angle. Dogs, cats, lizards, cicadas, whatever. Jesse is next.