BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Thank you for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. You're in Washington tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle starts right after this pretty shot.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from New York City tonight. Primary elections underway right now in West Virginia and Maryland and in Nebraska. West Virginia polls are closing this hour where more than a half dozen Republicans are vying for Manchin's open Senate seat, results will be coming in at the bottom of the screen and we'll bring you any major developments as they happen.But first, disorder in the court. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. All right, first, let's take some quick takes on the atmosphere in the courtroom today where I was. And to give you a sense of what the GOP frontrunner has been dealing with these past three weeks. The air is musty. The floors are old, tan, brown, linoleum, I remember those and the benches hard oak with a stress on the word hard.All right, I'm no body language expert. But and I could be wrong. But my novice reading is that there are at least two jurors and perhaps as many as four who will not vote that Donald Trump is guilty, will vote not guilty on the evidence that was presented. Now it's hard for all of us, including jurors who have been instructed to keep their emotions in check to do just that, right, because you hear something, and you react.And it seemed that a few of the male jurors that I was observing appeared ever so slightly annoyed and unimpressed when the state was putting on its case. So, how did Cohen come off? Well, to me, like a well-rehearsed dunderhead, he explained away every unsavory action, as motivated by his effort to, quote, protect Trump. Again, a dutiful if misguided friend who just wanted to help his boss.And when he was asked direct questions, do you remember saying Trump was a misogynist, a dictator, so and so and so on, on your podcast, instead of just answering a simple yes, it was, could be or sounds like something I might say, that sort of careful phrasing, makes him sound like a guy who's been through too many prep sessions.And when asked on cross, if he was obsessed with Trump, Cohen responded, I don't know if I would describe it that way. But indeed, there was evidence that he had in fact used those words. In fact, his answers were purposely vague. Although to every human being on the planet, it's obvious that Cohen hates Trump now, and he wants him in jail, although he refused to answer that question directly as well. So, he was often evasive today. Again, the sign of an overprepared witness.Now during the trial, I tweeted that Cohen comes across as kind of a guy maybe with a daddy complex, I know I'm being a psychoanalyst, but just stay with me here. He feverishly sought the love and approval of Donald Trump and he wanted at some level to be just like him. And then when the you know what hit the fan, you can imagine someone like Cohen saying, how could you have abandoned me, Mr. President, I thought we were buddies for life, you can't just -- can't just cast me aside, I'm going to show you.A convicted perjurer, a tax evader squeezed by prosecutors to cooperate and also a resentful man who wanted to settle scores and recoup loss earnings. Reduced to selling Trump hating tchotchkes online, hosting his stupid podcast and writing his tell-alls, as always cashing in on Trump wants by just working for him and giving him a lot of lousy advice, and now working against him.This is the upstanding guy that Alvin Bragg picked as a star witness. Let me emphasize, this obviously troubled man is the guy who the state of New York has better (ph) case on. The jury is going to have to believe that his word on the stand is gold.Now from afar, just from reading the transcripts, it was obvious that Bragg treated the Trump case like a piece of Silly Putty, the original charges in the indictment twisted and stretched into varying forms. Legal theories changed and approach is shifted, as the narrative collapsed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANNY CEVALLOS, MSNBC LEGAL ANALYST: We're still in a bit of gray area about what even the theory is to aggravate this to a felony. And I think that's going to be a challenge for the prosecution. Is it a federal election law crime? Is it a New York tax crime? It could be any of those and the prosecution really hasn't articulated with crystal clarity what they're going to use?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, even second-rate MSNBC analysts see the problem that's inherent here. Now, believe it or not, even in New York, you can't just throw someone in jail, because they're a threat to the Democrat party. You have to show that they violated a law, and you have to prove the elements of the crime specified to get to the guilty verdict.Now remember, Trump was charged with 34 counts of violating New York penal code, 175.10, falsifying business records in the first degree. These charges require that he must have intended to falsify those entries regarding the billing with the additional intent of committing another crime or to aid or conceal that crime.Now, what was the booster crime that supposedly bumped a bookkeeping ledger entry into a felony? As you've heard that MSNBC guest, it's still not clear. In fact, I'm not sure that the state of New York even knows what the answer to that obvious question is. There's generally been a vague assertion though by the prosecution that Trump and Cohen and others somehow conspired together to violate state campaign finance laws.So, the law in question in that case would have to be Section 17-152, which prohibits illegally conspiring to promote or prevent the election of any person to public office. But as Andy McCarthy has noted well, that makes no sense because it circles back to the Federal Election Law, which Bragg has no authority to enforce. Now, occasionally, even diehard Trump haters had to acknowledge reality.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What's the underlying crime here? What is that rule?CATHERINE CHRISTIAN, MSNBC LEGAL ANALYST: I'm assuming it's New York (ph) law conspiracy to promote an election by unlawful means.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: How come we don't know that at this point.CHRISTIAN: Well, Josh Steinglass said that earlier, not in front of the jury. I don't know why it wasn't said in opening statements. Typically, in an opening statement, you tell them what the charges are and what you intend to prove. You don't say at the end, surprise, this is it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: They didn't even talk about the statute today. Zero, no talk of the statute. Or yesterday. All right, after spending the day in the courtroom, as I did today, it was clearer than ever that the New York justice system, it's not just badly broken. It's perverted, and it's poisonous. How do you get to the point where you think Stormy Daniels and Jughead Cohen are more credible than Donald J. Trump.They obviously changed their story out of revenge. So, why would the government trust them? It's obvious to everyone, even the press that this case was brought solely to help Joe Biden get reelected and that is shameful. And that's the Angle.All right, joining me now is Judge Jeanine Pirro, co-host of The Five. Judge, last week, one star witness Stormy Daniels said she hated Trump and the other star witness liar, Michael Cohen admitted to calling Trump a whole bunch of nasty names. This case is based in animus and revenge. Do you see it any other way?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, look, the truth is that Michael Cohen has actually said that Donald Trump belongs in a cage with animals. Michael Cohen is probably one of the worst witnesses you could put on the witness stand. And for Alvin Bragg to make him the centerpiece of their case, when in truth, no normal prosecutor would make him even a collateral part of the case tells you how phony this whole thing is.And when you talked about how do you open a case? How do you make an opening statement? Defend a case? If you don't know what the second crime is. If you don't know what bootstraps is to a felony.INGRAHAM: What does that tell you?PIRRO: What -- that tells me, number one, that the judge is all in for a Biden and Harris that instead of in God, we trust him, it should say Biden, Harris, the CO behind the bench, OK. And it tells me because I mean, I was on that same bench, you cannot possibly let someone try a case who doesn't tell you what the crime is in the indictment --INGRAHAM: How is the American --PIRRO: -- The Bill of Particulars in the -- in terms of making your opening statement. I would object, your honor, I don't know what I'm being -- what I'm defending --INGRAHAM: In the close today, when he closed, the prosecution stopped the questioning --PIRRO: Right.INGRAHAM: -- I kept thinking OK, he's going to mention the statute now. The elements of the crime are coming, coming (inaudible), where's the crime?PIRRO: He's the last witness. How do you end a case with this guy as your last witness? This guy, Michael Cohen, they can try to make him a normal guy --INGRAHAM: Yes.PIRRO: -- he is the guy who is so angry. He's got no future. He's got no law license. He's got no job. He hates Donald Trump. He wasn't invited into the White House. It made him crazy. And now he's saying whatever he can to put Donald Trump in jail. And the jury hates -- before -- when the table was set, every witness who came in for the prosecution said Michael Cohen's a bully, he yells at people, he's arrogant, he's mean, but Donald Trump's a great boss. He's a fantastic guy. He's a multitasker. I love working for him.INGRAHAM: Well, Judge, the prosecution asked Cohen today, if he made false statements to Congress in 2017, to which he said they dealt with the Trump Tower Moscow real estate project, specifically the number of times that I claimed to have spoken to Mr. Trump about the project. I told him, I only spoke to Mr. Trump about this project three, three times. The prosecution asked and in truth how many times had you, Cohen responded 10 times. Judge, the prosecution's attempt to explain Cohen's lying to Congress again, loyalty to Trump.PIRRO: OK, you can lie and say I'm being loyal to Trump. But you cheated on your taxes, you lied to the bank. You also -- you perjured yourself under oath, you violated campaign finance laws. You know, you literally audio taped your client, that's a violation of all of the --INGRAHAM: Why was that allowed in? I mean, I --PIRRO: Why was --INGRAHAM: We all know there's a crime fraud exception to the attorney client privilege --PIRRO: Right.INGRAHAM: Everyone watching -- your lawyer can't go tell, tell the court --PIRRO: Right.INGRAHAM: -- what you told the lawyer. That's the whole point of having an attorney, supposed to be able to trust the attorney --PIRRO: Right.INGRAHAM: -- Michael Cohen, the snake that he is taped Donald Trump clearly without his knowledge, right.PIRRO: Right.INGRAHAM: And then they enter into court on the crime fraud exception. But again, I ask again, what's the crime?PIRRO: That they --INGRAHAM: The judge shouldn't have allowed it, right?PIRRO: -- the same thing with Stormy Daniels --INGRAHAM: That tape should not have been allowed into court --(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: -- that tape should not have been allowed. Stormy Daniels should have said nothing more than yes, I got an NDA --INGRAHAM: Yes.PIRRO: -- but they went into all the peripheral stuff, which guarantees of reversal by the Court of Appeals based on the Weinstein case.INGRAHAM: Do you think that -- do you think from what you're hearing and what you're seeing in this case --PIRRO: Yes, I was in the courtroom --INGRAHAM: -- I know you were --PIRRO: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- so the -- you saw the jury. And it's hard to read a jury. It's hard to read faces, but I'm playing fake body language expert --PIRRO: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- I saw him not guilty. That's what I'm seeing in that --PIRRO: You know what I saw, I saw a lot of people who didn't look strong to me, I did this for 30 years.INGRAHAM: Yes.PIRRO: Trying cases and sitting on benches. They're not homogenous --INGRAHAM: They're afraid.PIRRO: Normally --INGRAHAM: People are afraid to say not guilty.PIRRO: I think they may be --INGRAHAM: Wow.PIRRO: The fact is that there was --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Don't be afraid people --PIRRO: Camaraderie --INGRAHAM: -- your country is on the line.PIRRO: There was no camaraderie there. There was nothing that I was used to seeing as a judge. That many weeks you're going like this, you're smiling to the person next to you. You're --INGRAHAM: But is it not America though today, America, everyone's afraid to say anything. I don't care what office building, everyone's like this. They're tunnel vision. They're afraid. Everyone's afraid. That's what they want us to be --PIRRO: That's what this indictment is about --INGRAHAM: Yes.PIRRO: -- it's about making people afraid. And the truth is that in the end, there was no falsification of business records by someone that we've heard from, no one put a finger on Donald Trump. We don't know what the crime is. We also don't know who proved the manner in which these checks were going to be written, they haven't proved the underlying elements of the trial in the case --INGRAHAM: What was -- I still understand why is it a -- why is it falsified to say, in response to an invoice where Michael Cohen esquire says legal services rendered, to say legal services in the memo of the check, I don't understand why that's a crime.PIRRO: Because you're believing the reason --INGRAHAM: Right.PIRRO: -- to be legal expenses --INGRAHAM: Right, because you're a low-level person just writing the check.PIRRO: You know what my fear is --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Processing the checks --PIRRO: -- my fear is that this case is going to come down to jury instructions because --INGRAHAM: Yes.PIRRO: -- if the jurors say what is considered a legal expense judge, then we're in dangerous territory --INGRAHAM: Well, I've read the jury instructions for cases like this before it's going to be tough for the judge -- I -- I think he's in -- he's in a difficult ground, but we'll see --PIRRO: This is a judge who gags the defendant and not the guy trashing him every night on TikTok --INGRAHAM: That's not fair, Judge. I want Weissmann, we got -- Weissmann was over at MSNBC. What was he saying today? Let's play it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW WEISSMANN, MSNBC LEGAL ANALYST: One of the things I was struck by was how strong the case is and how much it should really matter. Even if you put the criminal part aside, what David Pecker testified to about a media organization aligning itself with a political candidate, isn't that something we should care about? I mean, it seems so much like a page ripped from autocracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So, a page ripped from autocracy. That's --PIRRO: That's crazy.INGRAHAM: -- that's apparently a crime now.PIRRO: OK.INGRAHAM: That's a statute, a page ripped from autocracy --PIRRO: And let me tell you why this works against the prosecution, because these NDAs and catch and kill were long before Donald Trump --INGRAHAM: Oh, my gosh, all of Hollywood and most politics.PIRRO: Yes, without a doubt. And so, they want to say it's a strong case. Somebody on MSNBC said the other day that Michael Cohen is really the tough guy. He's not a tough guy --INGRAHAM: Tough, powder puff --PIRRO: I've met him, have you met him?INGRAHAM: Yes, of course.PIRRO: Yes, we've all met him. I mean, look, this is a guy who's trying to save himself. And there's nothing to save here. And he's not going to deep six Donald Trump --INGRAHAM: I just --PIRRO: He's not credible.INGRAHAM: -- I just want to say, Judge, the future of the country, they believe should be on the line on that guy and Stormy Daniels --PIRRO: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- that tells you everything you need to know about this Democrat Party today, the whole future of the country on those two.PIRRO: I am so --INGRAHAM: OK.PIRRO: -- disappointed --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: OK, let's see how that works out for America.PIRRO: -- in the judge and the D.A. It's not going to work.INGRAHAM: Judge, I like the fact that you have an old-fashioned book that you actually write on versus the stupid phones. I love it. That's the best.PIRRO: Yes.INGRAHAM: I'm trying to get -- I'm trying to get everyone to go back to that. Judge Jeanine --PIRRO: Thank you.INGRAHAM: -- we love seeing you. I love --(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: Love seeing you two.INGRAHAM: -- you take care.PIRRO: OK.INGRAHAM: All right. A couple other familiar faces in the courtroom today, and they all have one thing in common, I'm going to explain it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We cannot have a country where you get to prosecute your political opponents instead of persuading voters.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The American people have already acquitted Donald Trump because the things that they're concerned about inflation, crime, the border, the economy. All of these things President Trump is leading by huge double-digits versus Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a sham. This is not the United States of America. This is some third-rate Banana Republic.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, what all those guys have in common other than being in the Trump courtroom yesterday and today, they're all on Trump's VP shortlist, we're told. Joining me now, Byron York, Chief Political Correspondent for The Washington Examiner and Sean Duffy, co-host of FBN's The Bottom Line, just got off air, both are Fox News Contributors.Sean, you're also a lawyer is this turning into kind of an audition ticket -- I was sitting right behind you know, the four -- or three of them today sitting there with so -- with Burgum and Donalds and Vivek, and it crossed my mind.SEAN DUFFY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Of course. So, first of all, Vivek was there when no one else was there. He was there in the primary, so everyone else is late to the game. Vivek was there first. Listen, this is the apprentice. This is the replay of The Apprentice on VP stakes, right? And what Donald Trump wants is he wants winners, he wants to test them out, take them for a ride, so he's like, who can raise money, who can message the best, who can defend me the best. And Donald Trump likes winners, right?He won at The Apprentice. He won at real estate. He wanted America to win during his presidency. Remember, he said I'm going to win -- we're going to win so much, we are going to get sick of winning America. You're going to say Donald, Mr. President, stop winning because we're going to win so much.And you compare this -- these VP stakes, which I think this is what this is, to your point. Remember when Joe Biden called Kamala Harris with that really boring phone call and asked her to be his vice-presidential running mate? This is -- this has zazz, this has the tape.INGRAHAM: Oh, God. We should really go back --DUFFY: This is exciting.INGRAHAM: That was so tragic--DUFFY: And this is how you get the best candidate right here.INGRAHAM: All right, Byron, I don't know -- you know -- I -- we're going to talk to Ken Langone coming up who is a -- you know, big Nikki Haley supporter, but he's -- I think he's open and we're going to have a good conversation with him, very big donor to the GOP. But I think the Republicans right now are looking like, we just got to save this country. Right, we've got to save the country. And does the vice-presidential pick matter more, because Trump will be a one-term president if he is elected? And would it mollify some of those old establishment type, not old but establishment types?BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it does matter more. I mean, another way of saying is, Trump would be a lame duck the moment he's elected because he couldn't be reelected. Now, as far as the points these candidates or potential candidates are making, you have to remember that the idea that Donald Trump has been unfairly targeted by law enforcement is basically universally held in the Republican base.They believed it since the Russia investigation began, when Trump was inaugurated. So, this is very -- this is a very popular message they're sending. But I think as far as the vice presidency is concerned, I think what Trump has to do to get elected, he has to win the states that he won in 2020, probably can do that. Then the southern tier Georgia, Arizona, and then he has, he has to win one of Michigan, Wisconsin --INGRAHAM: Wisconsin.YORK: -- Pennsylvania, incredibly important. You pick the guy who can help you do that.INGRAHAM: Yes. And Sean, as the former President Trump has said, I'm going to pick someone who I think can run the country.DUFFY: That's right.INGRAHAM: Like who has the executive experience to actually run something. And a lot of people are great people, but they've never run anything.DUFFY: But here's the thing though. I like Doug Burgum. I think he's got a lot of experience. He kind of channels Donald Trump himself, but you also need someone who can help you win the election. To Byron's point and so --INGRAHAM: Would that be Nikki Haley? A lot of Trump people are hearing that and they're going off the wall when I say that but --DUFFY: But the flip side of that too, is you want someone who's going to support your administration and your agenda. You don't want people to undermine you. Donald Trump saw that in 2016. So, he wants supporters who believe in the mission. And Nikki Haley, I think the base and Trump are going to --INGRAHAM: She made a mistake, right?(CROSSTALK)DUFFY: Problems with her --INGRAHAM: -- she should have endorsed after Iowa.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: -- mistake on her part. Byron, there's been accusations that Trump is using his surrogates to get around the gag order now. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Did Donald Trump ask you to come out and criticize the judge's daughter?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, not whatsoever. And I'm here completely as a volunteer. I'm here because I care about the future of this country and where it's going, but I think it's fine. If someone wants to be a democratic operative. Just recuse yourself if you're a judge who's got a family member that's making money off of controversies like this.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Byron?YORK: Well, the gag order applies specifically to Donald Trump and Donald Trump alone, I think improperly so, but that's what it does. I've been hearing you criticize Michael Cohen; you are not covered by the gag order - -INGRAHAM: You're kidding --YORK: -- I'm not either and --INGRAHAM: Thank goodness. What would I do if poor Judge Merchan --YORK: -- oh, boy, that would be tough --INGRAHAM: -- I think he -- I know he loves us --YORK: -- and neither is anybody else here. So, it's kind of a kooky idea that a gag order should apply not only to the person that specifically applies to, but everybody who agrees with that person, not a good idea --INGRAHAM: I get the sense.DUFFY: But --INGRAHAM: Go ahead, Sean.DUFFY: CNN is asking that question. Doug Burgum, have they ever asked that question to Michael Cohen?INGRAHAM: How about every website --DUFFY: Exactly.INGRAHAM: -- how about Axios, Politico like -- has the White House called and told you Joe Biden is actually catching up in the polls and he really has a lot of vim and vigor and a spring in his step go --DUFFY: Go away.INGRAHAM: -- did they ever said that to you --DUFFY: (Inaudible) right --INGRAHAM: I mean, come on, Sean and Byron, so great to see you both and great to be in studio --(CROSSTALK)DUFFY: -- live and in person.INGRAHAM: All right, Biden is a well-known plagiarist, and we reveal what he just stole from Trump. Home Depot co-founder Ken Langone weighs in, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Polls closing moments ago in West Virginia, where Republicans are vying to pick up Senator Joe Manchin's Senate seat. Results should start coming in soon at the bottom of your screen.And in Maryland and in Nebraska, the polls are still open. All three states could have a major impact on the balance of power in Congress. So, stay with Fox for all the latest results.Now for the second time in less than a week, Biden lied about inflation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Inflation has gone slightly up. It was at 9 percent when I came in. And it's now down about 3 percent. But the fact is that I think people are just uncertain. And that's why we've got to be steady, stay the course, and continue to produce these incredible jobs.And by the way, the pay for the jobs are outpacing the inflation rate. They're paying. We're going to be able to deal with this.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Did he say outpatient? I don't think he should have sounded like that. I don't think he should say the word outpatient. All right, fact check. That was a total lie. When Biden came into office, Trump handed him an inflation rate of 1.4 percent.Now, Biden's right on one thing. Inflation did hit 9 percent, but it was a year and a half into his presidency.Joining me now, Ken Langone knows a little bit about the economy. Billionaire, Home Depot co-founder, major GOP supporter and donor. Ken, Americans aren't believing Biden on the inflation issue.KEN LANGONE, HOME DEPOT CO-FOUNDER: They shouldn't. How can you believe him? The numbers speak for themselves.INGRAHAM: Why do you think he's doing that?LANGONE: Because he's a liar. Why do liars lie? Because they lie. That's why you call him a liar. Look, think of all of the other things he said that have no basis in fact, none. And the irony of it is, the American people, because of the media, he's being given a pass.I mean, that's the most absurd remark in the world to say that inflation was 9 percent when he came in. It was, you have right --INGRAHAM: Yeah, 1.4 percent. Now, when you when you think about what's happened to the country in this beautiful and wonderful city of New York, I mean, you were here in its heyday.LANGONE: Here with my wife.INGRAHAM: Oh, yeah. But, of course, you were. That's a bad accent. You're not exactly from Mississippi with that accent.So, you think about what's happening down at that trial in Manhattan. And the jurors sitting there and they're hearing this case. You're watching this from the outside. You've seen a lot in your life. What's your take?LANGONE: My take is, it's a shame that the jurisprudence system is being used for political purposes. And I -- and people that make the remark, this has been out of Republic behavior. They're right. That's what it is. It's exactly what it is.INGRAHAM: Do you ever think you'd see this in the United States of America?LANGONE: Well, I was subjected to it myself with my dear friend, Elliot Spitzer.INGRAHAM: Not laughing.LANGONE: But he did the same thing.INGRAHAM: So, this has been happening for some time, but this is at the highest of high.LANGONE: Well, now it's out of the closet. Now it's the blatant. Here it is. You know what? We don't need -- what? Look, I'm not a defender of Trump. What crime did he commit? That's something I still can't understand. What crime did he commit that he's on trial in New York City today?INGRAHAM: Would you endorse Donald Trump tonight on the show? I know you were -- lots of people were Nikki Haley supporters. You were one of them. A lot of very, very well-connected and wealthy people were Haley fans. What about now?LANGONE: I said on television a couple of weeks ago that I was going to vote for my wife.INGRAHAM: OK, well, that's cute. But that doesn't work on the Ingraham Angle.LANGONE: I know. I think the most important decision he's going to make is who was running mate is. Because his running mate has the best shot of being the next president because he can't -- he's finished after this term. And I think I'm just going to keep my powder dry and watch and see what he --INGRAHAM: So, you would consider sitting out the election and not supporting Trump if he picked someone that you didn't think was --LANGONE: Well, first of all, first of all, I live in New York state. My vote doesn't count.INGRAHAM: No, but your money counts.LANGONE: Believe me, Elaine and I are supporting John Kennedy in my office yesterday. By the way, they don't come for my wisdom.INGRAHAM: You're on the speed dial.LANGONE: No, they come for my wallet. People shouldn't be confused to think that I have this influence. The minute my wallet shut --INGRAHAM: But it's a binary choice, Ken. I mean, you and I have known each other a long time. And I incorrectly stated that you had supported Biden when you were just saying you hoped he was going to be a successful president.LANGONE: He said in his inaugural speech, I'm going to bring America together.INGRAHAM: But this guy is -- you're from the Bronx originally?LANGONE: No, Long Island.INGRAHAM: Long Island, OK. Well, I don't get to my boroughs, right. But you're beyond smart. You're beyond brilliant. It's a binary choice. So, we can't dictate who is going to pick for his vice president. I'm sure it's going to be someone who's, you know, that supports him in general and his policies.And it's a binary choice. It's Biden and lose America, or Trump and who he picks. How is that a hard choice?LANGONE: I always act like I'm losing when I'm winning. I think that's the safest approach to take in life.INGRAHAM: Work hard.LANGONE: Well, because you don't take anything for granted. The polls look good now. But if I were Trump and I got to give him lot of credit --INGRAHAM: Long Island is not a borough, I was just told. OK.LANGONE: Well, but if I was Trump, I'd say who can add to the assurance that I'll win the next election? Who can add?INGRAHAM: Do you have any suggestions?LANGONE: Yeah, Nikki Haley. No, that will never happen. But look --INGRAHAM: Did she play that right after Iowa?LANGONE: Who knows?INGRAHAM: I mean, you think she should be the vice president.LANGONE: Look, look, look, Election night, New Hampshire, he had a chance to go out and say, I won, and now my goal is to bring the American people together. I'm going to --INGRAHAM: Back to the dress. OK, well, yeah.LANGONE: I guess. What does he do? What does he do? What does he do? He goes -- but he goes out and he mocks.INGRAHAM: But the party hasn't been this united. I don't think, I might be wrong, but I don't think it's been this united behind Trump. Behind anyone since, maybe, 2004 --LANGONE: I agree with that.INGRAHAM: -- maybe?LANGONE: By the way, because you know why? We have no choice.INGRAHAM: You're making my point.LANGONE: No, no, no.INGRAHAM: Ken Langone is endorsing Donald Trump by implication with that comment.LANGONE: Well, let me say this to you. There's no doubt about it. At the end of the day, I might hold my nose as I vote. But what choice do I have? I haven't made the decision yet.INGRAHAM: But what's your -- I'm sorry, I'm beating a dead --LANGONE: I want to see -- you know what I'm worried about most of all?INGRAHAM: What? I'm worried about losing the country. That's what I'm worried about.LANGONE: I am, too. And let me give you -- for instance, one of the finest men I know is John Kelly. John Kelly was the secretary, was his chief of staff. Another fine man, a good friend of mine, Rex Tillerson. These are fine American people. When you -- when Jack Welch fired somebody. I have more than one kid tell me that when I walked in and Jack fired me, I swear to God, when I walked out of his office, I thought --INGRAHAM: You got a promotion. Yeah.LANGONE: Why do you have to beat up on a guy --INGRAHAM: OK. So, Trump doesn't have the right tone for you and I get it. And for some people, that's the case.LANGONE: But all I'm saying is, these are accomplished men. John Kelly, my God, a four-star general in the Marine Corps, his whole life given to this country. Rex Tillerson, poor kid.INGRAHAM: Yeah, that was a bad choice for Secretary of State. I mean, it was a bad choice. He is a bad choice. Really, he wasn't. I would submit he wasn't a good secretary. We can't debate that.LANGONE: But that shouldn't give Trump license to say not nice things.INGRAHAM: I know, but you're nitpicking. We have a country to save. And you're talking about Rex. No one even knows who he is.LANGONE: I'm explaining to you --INGRAHAM: We've got to save the country. We have an open border. We have an economy that's cratering.LANGONE: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.INGRAHAM: We've got to go, she's saying.LANGONE: Human behavior matters. And I think how we treat each other civilly, with respect, matters.INGRAHAM: How long have I known you, 25 years?LANGONE: A long time. We used to sit at those dinners in Washington --INGRAHAM: Oh, my God.LANGONE: -- before you had this gig. What were you doing then?INGRAHAM: I was a lawyer, probably, back then.LANGONE: That's --INGRAHAM: I think so. I was, yeah. No, this is my resume.LANGONE: Joe Flom was one of my original investors at Home Depot.INGRAHAM: Oh, my gosh. The circle is complete.LANGONE: Ed McCamish. Do you remember Ed McCamish?INGRAHAM: No, I'm not that old.LANGONE: He was a very prominent litigator.INGRAHAM: People are dropping things in the studio.LANGONE: Anyway, look.INGRAHAM: All right. Well, you're going to endorse Trump. And you're just being -- you just are -- this is the longest tease of an endorsement ever.LANGONE: I'm not teasing.INGRAHAM: I know you're not, but you're going to endorse him. There's a country to save. You're Italian. You've got a binary choice here.LANGONE: What the hell has Italian got to do with a binary choice?INGRAHAM: Because I love the Italian people and they're very smart and they're going to vote for Trump.LANGONE: Well, you know why? We're loyal.INGRAHAM: And they're telling me to wrap. Another Italian lawyer is telling me to wrap.LANGONE: OK, I'm out of here.INGRAHAM: It's great to see you.LANGONE: Good to see you. You look wonderful.INGRAHAM: And thank you for joining us.LANGONE: And leave that daughter of yours alone. She's going to be fine.INGRAHAM: Oh, gosh. OK.LANGONE: OK.INGRAHAM: Will Democrats be forced to go with a plan B over Biden? Ken's running out of the studio. Bad polls for him. Yeah, coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Several members of the Gilbert Goons, the criminal street gang that's terrorizing a Phoenix suburb, are getting plea deals. Senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is here with all the details. Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Laura. Three plea deals accepted by those teen suspects in connection with the so-called Gilbert Goons street gang. By the way, that's Gilbert as in the town near Phoenix, Arizona.Jacob Pennington, Garrett Bradshaw, and DeLeon Haynes, all pleading guilty to aggravated assault charges. Pennington arrested for his involvement, in fact, in multiple assaults. Bradshaw and Haynes also facing multiple charges, among them assault, aggravated assault, and robbery.The three, along with another man by the name of William Hines, and at least three others, all mentioned in connection with the gang, which was thought to be responsible for the murder of Preston Lord back in October of 2023, which helped to bring the so-called Goons into the national spotlight.Now, for months, police in various East Valley cities have been investigating acts of teen violence with one of those resulting in the death of another teen.But the outrage doesn't stop there, Laura, because while the three men I mentioned at the very outset did take plea deals, one of them has already been granted supervised release, Laura.INGRAHAM: Unreal. Kevin, thank you so much.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: The polling data has been wrong all along. How many of you guys do a poll with CNN? How many folks do you have to call to get one response?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Don't you love how anytime Biden or his team are confronted with bad poll numbers, they never say, well, maybe we should rethink at least one of our lousy policies that are hurting Americans every day. They just say, you're stupid and the polls are wrong.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Why do you think Americans are so down on President Biden right now?UNKNOWN: What do you mean?UNKNOWN: Like the 516 swing states that he is losing right now to somebody who is a criminal defendant. It doesn't seem like anything you guys are doing is making him more popular.UNKNOWN: I can't speak to the polls. We understand what the American people is feeling. A lot of the policies that the president is pushing forward are incredibly popular.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, now the team, Team Biden, is gaslighting and it's starting to worry the left. Axios is writing, Biden doesn't believe his bad poll numbers and neither do many of his closest advisers. According to people familiar with the matter, some Democrats think that Biden, then the Team Biden, is in denial and sleepwalking into defeat.Joining me now, Charlie Hurt, Washington Times opinion editor, Fox News contributor. And Monica Crowley, former Trump assistant treasury secretary.Charlie, how does Trump capitalize on this Biden denial of reality regarding his policies?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think that by just keep -- you know, for him to keep talking about the issues. As you point out, delusion is not a political strategy. It's not working for the administration. And Joe Biden does not appear to be able to learn from any mistakes. They keep doubling down on terrible policies.And I think that the more President Trump just focuses on his agenda, talking about border security, talking about lowering inflation, talking about bringing stability to the world by making America more energy independent, which also lowers gas prices. If he focuses on those key issues, I think that -- it's an unbeatable -- that is an unbeatable message today.INGRAHAM: Now, the media are holding out that -- hope that this -- a conviction in one of the Trump trials might save Biden. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: To the extent that we can see anything in the polling, it's showing that the trial isn't changing things much one way or the other in terms of views of either of the two candidates.UNKNOWN: I think on the polling of it, it hasn't impacted people yet. We know from polling we've seen that if he is convicted, that the polling has showed that it could impact people and how they view him.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Monica, that's it. That's the strategy. She kind of implicitly admits it.MONICA CROWLEY, FORMER ASSISTANT TREASURY SECRETARY: Well, I hope it remains the strategy. It's clearly not working for them. And in fact, all these people saying, well, it's not moving the needle at, all of this lawfare against President Trump.It actually is moving the needle toward President Trump. And poll after poll shows that most of the American people say, even if there is a conviction here out of this New York jury, it's going to make them more likely to vote for Donald Trump, because this massive pylon has actually rallied people to his cause.They've turned him into a sympathetic figure. They've turned him into a martyr. And more and more people want to rally on his behalf. They can't wait to vote.INGRAHAM: -- what they say.CROWLEY: There's a little bit of a rescue fantasy here, too, among the voters. They want to get out there and rescue Donald.INGRAHAM: Charlie, sit in that courtroom today. I kept saying to myself as a young attorney, like in the 90's, I -- in my wildest imagination, I never would have thought I'd been sitting a few blocks from the federal courthouse where I was clerking, at a trial of the leading candidate for the Republican Party in a case where they don't specify the crime. In my million years, I never thought I would say this.HURT: You know, as appalling as it is, if you love politics and you love following politics, this is historic. This is an amazing time that we live in. And we've never seen anything like it.And I think you're right. And I think Monica's right. I think people see through it. I think that they recognize that this is not so much an attack on Donald Trump, though it is. This is an attack on our judicial system, on our most treasured guarantees of justice in this country, because they're trying to turn, even the judicial system into a political cudgel to stop an opponent that they're terrified of facing.If they saw nothing else this weekend with that massive rally in New Jersey, in the bluest of blue states, it's that they can't go up against this guy. They can't beat this guy in a fair election. So, their only hope is to try to stop him in a courtroom, including jailing him.INGRAHAM: Well, Monica, they're yelling at me. I've got to go. But 50 state strategy. How powerful is this New Jersey visual? How powerful is that?CROWLEY: Oh, I mean, it's worth its weight in gold as a campaign strategy as well. And the president is talking about putting a number of blue states into play.INGRAHAM: Fifty states.CROWLEY: Virginia, Minnesota --INGRAHAM: America isn't 12 states, it's 50 states.CROWLEY: Exactly.INGRAHAM: I love that moment. Monica, you've been talking about that for years. Monica, Charlie, both of you, thank you. All right. Billions in Ukraine aid gets Blinken some stage time? No. Jimmy Failla has it, and that's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now, it's time for WTF. What the Failla. Joining me now, Jimmy Failla, host of Fox News Saturday night. Jimmy, great to see you.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST: Good to see you.INGRAHAM: All right. You did a promo upstairs. You ran like a half mile to get here. So, you look good.FAILLA: Thanks, Laura.INGRAHAM: Jimmy, CNN has turned into drama club. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Tonight, we're going to take you actually inside the courtroom. We're going to page through word for word. The most tense, the most revealing, and really, the most crippling testimony for the former president.UNKNOWN: Did he say anything to you at that time about how this might be viewed if it got out?UNKNOWN: Yes.UNKNOWN: What did he say in substance?UNKNOWN: He said to me, this is a disaster, total disaster. Women are going to hate me because this is really a disaster.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wouldn't it be better if they do a reenactment of the CNN production meetings?FAILLA: Yeah.INGRAHAM: It would be much more fun.FAILLA: A live reading of who greenlit that atrocity, because you understand that they are this close to playing with dolls. And Trump said, is this legal?INGRAHAM: Didn't they do that on another network with the bobbleheads?FAILLA: Oh, it's so sad. I mean, if there's one thing to be thankful for, it's that they didn't have Toobin reenact the Stormy Daniels testimony, because that could have got a little dicey.INGRAHAM: Well, that would have been a little bit better for ratings. So, that's sad. But they're going to keep doing this, I guess. This is -- this is the best they have.FAILLA: CNN talks about Trump --INGRAHAM: At least hire real actors.FAILLA: That's what I mean. It's so embarrassing. They talk about Trump like a middle school girl talks about her ex, like, oh, my God, did you see what Donald did?INGRAHAM: Totally.FAILLA: He's such a loser. That's that.INGRAHAM: All right, Jimmy, Blinken played guitar hero during his trip to Ukraine today. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The United States is with you. So much of the world is with you. And they're fighting not just for free Ukraine, but for the free world. Maybe we can try something.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, my God.FAILLA: Do you remember when the world took us seriously?INGRAHAM: OK, what is -- Gio is watching this going? This guy's going to sit across the table. He can't even hold a note.FAILLA: This whole administration looks like they're auditioning for a reality show called America's Got Issues, where they just put unhinged people out there to pursue their little fantasies. This is embarrassing.INGRAHAM: No, I mean, that is -- but it's like kind of Bach to rock --FAILLA: Oh, yeah, fair.INGRAHAM: It's kind of easy. He wants to be a cool kid, and he never was and he's still not.FAILLA: This is his moment.INGRAHAM: All right. New York City's mayor has a solution for the city's migrant crisis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Let me just take your imagination for a moment. How do we have a large body of people that are in our city and country that are excellent swimmers and at the same time we need lifeguards? And the only obstacle is that we won't give the right to work to become a lifeguard.(END VIDEO CLIP)FAILLA: I didn't know where I was going with the swimming thing, but now I get kind of what he was saying.FAILLA: File this under things that are obnoxiously racist if a Republican says them. But as a New Yorker, you have to give him slack because Kathy Hochul said black people don't know what computers are. And if you listen to Adams long enough, you're like, maybe she was right. I don't obviously believe that.But what a tone-deaf idiot. Imagine that the next thing he says is like, well, no, migrants should work for UPS because they traffic drugs into the country. They can deliver things. I mean, we were that close to that statement.INGRAHAM: But they are not going to be happy, ever, unless we just say we're going to have an unending flood of low wage workers in the United States to keep wages low for everyone else. That's their happiest moment.FAILLA: But that's my bigger concern, though, with Adams as mayor, is migrants come to New York, look around and they think they've already been deported. Wait a second. This is America. I was supposed --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Jimmy, I want to not only say it's great to see you, but don't walk into the bike lanes because they are weapons of mass destruction. And I'll never forgive Michael Bloomberg for the bike lanes in New York.FAILLA: I was a cabbie. I hate him.INGRAHAM: Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Jimmy, great to see you as always. All right. Don't forget, catch Jimmy on the road. He's going to be in Boston, does the man ever stop, this Saturday.And that is it for us tonight. Long day for the Ingraham Angle. Fun in court, kind of. But thanks for watching. It's America now and forever. Jesse and the gang take it next.