JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS HOST: Tomorrow on Special Report, three soldiers who died during the D-Day invasion or accounted for almost 80 years after their deaths. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 o'clock Eastern, 3 o'clock on the West Coast. Thanks for watching Special Report. I'm John Roberts in Washington. The Ingraham Angle is next.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Tony, the Tiger gets declawed. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.All right, when Donald Trump's lawyer paid off a porn star before the 2016 election, Democrats were quick to infer that Trump himself had the intent to falsify records. They didn't care that hush money payments aren't illegal or that the president didn't himself order invoices to be labeled as legal expenses, which I still contend is entirely reasonable, by the way.But in their small minds, Trump was guilty before the jury was even impaneled. But how different their approaches with their demigod Anthony Fauci. Although, he was never officially charged with a crime. He too had a senior advisor who found himself in major hot water recently. Emails revealed he deleted records and even used back channels to help Dr. Fauci keep evidence secret.But when the good doctor was asked about this, specifically on the efforts to evade FOIA requests, and protect this guy named Peter Daszak, who maybe you remember, we already know, he received federal grants for his work with the Wuhan lab. Fauci was all denials.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE CHIEF MEDICAL ADVISOR: I never spoke about protecting him. I may have mentioned and discussed Dr. Daszak, because he's a grantee --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But he just made that up.FAUCI: -- but we just spoke about protecting him.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I find that he just made that up.FAUCI: Excuse me?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're testifying that Dr. Morens just made that up.FAUCI: I don't know where he got that, but that's not true.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, of course, Democrats were outraged that Dr. Fauci was asked any questions at all.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. KWEISI MFUME (D-MD): Dr. Fauci, we owe you an apology for the way we have wrecked you through the mud and none of us have said to you, here's where you go to get your good name and your reputation back. We owe you a collective, a thank you. You are a world-renowned scientist, and an American Patriot.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Your leadership and service to Republican and Democratic administrations and all Americans save countless lives and resources. We owe you a debt of gratitude.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: A debt? Fauci was the highest paid employee of the federal government for years, was it 400 and something 1000. And when he left, he received a first-year pension payout exceeding $414,000. That's according to an analysis by Open the Books. Now the Angle, we have to pat ourselves on the back a little bit today, because before anyone, we were focused on the Fauci game, yeh, the game he was playing. This was way back in February of 2020, even before a Pandemic was even declared, when Fauci came on the show, and he seemed to go out of his way to give the Chinese the benefit of the doubt.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Why should we actually believe them when billions, if not trillions of dollars, is riding on preserving the idea that all is going to be OK.FAUCI: Over the last several weeks, the Chinese authorities have really been very explicit, that they were going to not tolerate any misinformation going out.INGRAHAM: So, you're satisfied with all of the transparency coming out of China today about the trajectory of the disease and the origin of the disease.FAUCI: In my direct interaction with Chinese scientists and Chinese health officials, not party politics people, but medical people and scientists that I can believe what they're telling me.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It gets funnier every time I hear it or more infuriated. All right, and now we know that my Spidey senses about him, about the entire scamdemic were accurate. It was far more about pushing the boundaries of manipulation and control than really saving lives. We knew from very early data from Lombardy, Italy that the COVID virus was simply not a threat to most people, only those with maybe two or three comorbidities were at risk of severe complications and death.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There are two groups of people who really do poorly with the COVID-19 illness, people who have underlying serious health conditions. A bigger group, not in size, but in the effect are the elderly, particularly those who live in nursing homes. They often have comorbid illnesses.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And indeed, we learned years later that this was the case and at the time, we knew it was unwise for the Trump White House to have a lifelong liberal bureaucrat like Fauci lead their response. It was doomed from day one. Not that every mistake was made, but lockdowns, closures were pushed, mandates validated, fake rules advanced that made everyone's life miserable and did irreparable damage to education.But all of this wreckage, all of it to them was collateral damage to a narcissist with a white coat, a man who was used to having little to no oversight over his actions. Now, this is why he thought I think that he could get away with this to keep schools closed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAUCI: I think to say every child has to go back to school is not really realizing the fact that we have such a diversity of viral activity. There may be some areas that the level of virus is so high that it would not be prudent to bring the children back to school.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Along with the mask mandate, Fauci's endorsement of social distancing was among the most anti-scientific of his strong recommendations. By the way, a recommendation, he's conveniently now trying to distance himself from. Don't blame me, it was the CDC's fault.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Once we realized that the virus was not spread by droplets, and was aerosolize, did you feel an indication to go back to the CDC and said, let's base this on science. Let's get rid of this six-foot role.FAUCI: It was a CDC decision, and it was clear --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Were you dialoguing with the CDC?FAUCI: CDC was part of the Coronavirus Response Team.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And you didn't feel an obligation to go to them and say, look, Americans aren't going to trust us. We're providing them with misinformation.FAUCI: We have discussions at the White House about that, we did, but the CDC's decision and was their decision to make and they made it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You didn't feel an obligation as the lead scientist at the NIH to challenge that?FAUCI: I've challenged the CDC multiple times.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Publicly on this regard?FAUCI: Excuse me?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Publicly, you challenged them on the six-foot distance role?FAUCI: It is not appropriate to be publicly challenging a sister organization.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you agree...(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wait a second, wait a second. Not appropriate to challenge the CDC publicly, really? He had no problem challenging the nation's chief executive officer's ultimate boss, President Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAUCI: I was put in a very difficult position that I didn't like, of having to contradict publicly the President of the United States. I felt it was my responsibility, you know, as to preserve my own personal integrity and my major responsibility to the American public to tell them the truth.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It just gets better and better. Now, the truth is, we gave too much power to a power-hungry bureaucrat with a fancy title and almost entirely abandoned true scientific principles, the Constitution and common sense.Now beyond the social distancing farce, the truths that that guy abandoned or downplayed. Cloth masks don't work. Viruses attenuate. Natural immunity is real, mandating experimental shots that don't prevent transmission is unconscionable. Children need to be in school. China can't be trusted. You can't leave the liquor stores open and close the churches, Tony. And finally, we have First Amendment, ever heard of it? But even today, you sense that Fauci wishes, there was more, not less censorship.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAUCI: There is so much mis and disinformation around that we've got to do a better job of reaching out and trying to get the correct information. But that's difficult when you have a very energetic group of people continually spreading mis and disinformation.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Inconvenient First Amendment. After all, that we have learned about the virus. The truly falade (ph), the alternative and expensive treatments, the harm done to kids. One would think that Tony Fauci would show a little bit of humility, even a little bit, but no, if he had his druthers, I think he'd still have rolling lockdowns.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAUCI: One of the things that was really a problem with the response was the degree of divisiveness that we had in the country about a lack of a coherent response where we were having people for reasons that had nothing to do with public health as science refusing to adhere to public health intervention measures.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now they all didn't listen to Tony, they wanted to actually survive. Well, perhaps the best comment on the Fauci reemergence was from Clifton Duncan on X. He wrote, your business went under while Fauci went to baseball games. Your mother died alone in a nursing home, while Fauci did photoshoots. Your child hanged themselves from despair, while Fauci hobnob with celebs.People got divorced, people severed lifelong friendships, people lost decades long careers, people were trapped with abusers. People overdosed and killed themselves. People lost out on proms and graduations. People lost loved ones that could have been saved. People are injured by a shot, they didn't want, all because we decided to trust the science that of course, being Anthony Fauci, according to Anthony Fauci.We can never and I mean never let happen to this country again, what happened under him. We're going to be paying for the Fauci effect for a generation, perhaps more. His imperiousness on the Hill today is simply further evidence that he was the wrong man at the wrong time to help formulate a common sense plan to deal with the Wuhan flu. And that's the Angle.All right. Joining me now is, Congressman Brad Wenstrup, Chair of the House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic, and Dr. Peter McCullough, Internist and Cardiologist. Congressman, let's start with you. What do you think the most important fact is that you've uncovered in all of your investigations?REP. BRAD WENSTRUP (R-OH): Well, I think that the numerous facts that we have uncovered have led to the very notion that Dr. Fauci as Director of the NIAID takes no responsibility for anything that seemed to happen when it comes to the grant process, when it comes to the nefarious behavior within his agency, the lack of control that exists within his agency tells us everything.But more so, I'd say the messaging was absolutely horrible. And so, his bedside manner through this entire process. We've seen so many incidents of things that he said that make no sense. And you look at us as a nation having a mandate for the vaccine, when we have people coming across the border that are unvaccinated, untested, and then dispersed around the country. That's not science. And by the way, we were funding gain-of- function research in China.INGRAHAM: Well, that's the most important fact. Yes. I asked you what the most important fact was, not to be a brat here. But what is the most important fact we learned, Dr. McCullough, the number one fact that we learned about Anthony Fauci.DR. PETER MCCULLOUGH, CARDIOLOGIST: You know, we learned that he was overseeing and coordinating a U.S. Chinese conspiracy to create SARS-CoV-2. Ralph Baric, Peter Daszak, Anthony Fauci, Dr. Shi Zhengli in Wuhan, China. They co-conspired, and Baric published in 2015, 2016, the creation of a SARS like Wuhan Institute of Virology, one virus, that was poised for human emergence and Fauci is on Capitol Hill, despite the best efforts of Dr. Wenstrup and others, deceiving America and deceiving a world.INGRAHAM: Well, Congressman, that's quite a charge. I would tend to agree with what Dr. McCullough just said there. The United States of America, perhaps, there's an argument to be made, a fairly strong argument that was indirectly funding the research that ended up causing this lab leak. Do you think the truth is headed to that, the evidence is headed to that, Congressman?WENSTRUP: I think so. And I'm a little taken aback by the comments that was just made, because our work has been very thorough and we have been building the pyramid leading up to Dr. Fauci, and we have been looking at what was going on in Wuhan, China. I'm on the Intelligence Committee. I started looking at this from the get-go in February of 2020.As the physician on the Intelligence Committee, I will tell you that we started looking into this and found out that there was a virus, a chimera created by Ralph Baric in North Carolina and Zhengli Shi in China. So, the efforts have been going on what's happened there.You know, Dr. Fauci said it came from nature. But behind the scenes, behind the scenes, he and the people that wrote proximal origins were saying this looks engineered and could have come from the lab. We have been pointing in that direction in every occasion. But guess what, we are probably never going to get the definitive answer unless somebody speaks up in China. And if they do, they probably won't survive very long.INGRAHAM: Well, Fauci denied a lot of things. But at least he admitted one. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mask mandates for children under five, there's scientific evidence supporting that?FAUCI: There was no study that did masks on kids before you couldn't do the study, you had to respond to an epidemic that was killing 4000 to 5000 Americans.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Dr. McCullough, you and I talked about the masks, I think in March of 2020, they had already done the Influenza study that was on the CDC's own website that showed that cloth mask didn't work. So, then he's like, oh, well, we didn't have a study, but they never study for social distancing. Congressman Wenstrup has exposed all of this.MCCULLOUGH: It's true. Masks never work. They should never have been a primary intervention. The focus always should have been on early treatment to prevent hospitalizations and deaths. It was a giant distraction, focusing on contagion control.Laura, everyone in the country got COVID-19. The whole purpose of a mask would be to avoid getting it. We all got it. We should have been focusing on early treatment.INGRAHAM: Chairman, very quickly, are you concerned that if Joe Biden were reelected, heaven forbid, and we had another dangerous outbreak of some type of disease that we'd be back at square one here with this -- the mentality that we saw at the NIH.WENSTRUP: Unless we're able to put in place the recommendations and suggestions and legal authorities that we're going to want to put in when we finish our report, then we will be in big trouble like you just said.INGRAHAM: Chairman, Dr. McCullough, thank you both. When we come back, the havoc being wreaked upon America. This time in New York City, but undoubtedly coming to a town or city near you. Florida Senator Marco Rubio reacts, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Bring me your tired, your poor, your criminally inclined. An illegal from Venezuela charged with shooting two NYPD officers this morning. Exactly, no one should be surprised to hear this. After Biden's allowing millions to march right into our country. The 19-year-old was driving the wrong way down a one-way street. And when the cops tried to pull him over, he ran away on foot, then he opened fire.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)EDWARD CABAN, NEW YORK CITY POLICE COMMISSIONER: The suspect fired multiple rounds at our officers who then returned fire. One officer was shot in the front of his bullet resistant vest. The other officer was shot in his leg.MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D-NYC, NY): This is a bullet hole. because of the vest, a young police officer is going home.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: This is what a Biden era dreamer is capable of. Bernardo Raul Castro Mata. He crossed illegally back in July through Eagle Pass, Texas, was given some kind of future court date, then he made his way to the Big Apple. Why not? Again, this is par for the course happening millions and millions of times. Joining me now, Florida Senator Marco Rubio. So, demands, drugs, destruction, that's -- even death, Senator, that's what these Biden border crossers are bringing into the country?SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Well, it's an example of why it's never a good idea to allow 9 to 10 million people to come into your country illegally. Let's say 90 percent, 95 percent of the people are not here to commit crimes or whatever, that's still 5 percent and 9 million is a lot of people. And it's important to understand, you know, the Venezuelans that have been here, they've been telling me for a year and a half that this criminal element is coming over and I had no way to quantify, now we see it. Now they were absolutely right.The truth of the matter is these people were criminals in Venezuela. They're criminals here. Now this idea that they're being vetted at the border is a joke. The Venezuelan authorities aren't providing us documentation. Some of these people are part of a gang that's been terrorizing Chile, Peru, Ecuador, I mean they're working their way through Central America and towards the United States. And it's not just from there.And I want to add one more piece of it. We have a lot of people that have come from Central Asia, places we have no background information on whatsoever. A place that we know ISIS is running, and ISIS-linked groups have been running a trafficking group where they're in the business of moving migrants into the U.S. Why would we not think that they would use that exact same business of moving migrants to move terrorists?So, I think we have to assume, as well. And I think it's built on a lot of common sense that in addition to criminals, there are people in this country who have links to terrorism and have the intent of committing terrorist acts at some point in the future. It's an incredibly dangerous situation that Biden and Kamala Harris and this administration have allowed to happen over the last three and a half years.INGRAHAM: Well, but they're floating an executive order, Senator, perhaps you didn't see this that will supposedly after saying he didn't have any power to do so, supposedly crack down on the asylum scam. So, will voters look at that and say, yes, better late than never, good on them.RUBIO: I don't think so, because they spent three years telling us there wasn't a border crisis. I mean, they repeatedly denied that there was even a border crisis to begin with. Then they claim, they don't have the power, they have the power to reverse all of the executive decisions, almost 100 executive decisions that Joe Biden took when he took office in the first month, close to 100. All of them were reversing Trump policies. He campaigned on it. He campaigned on a message that he was going to be more welcoming.And as a result, more people came. This is entirely incentive based. If people think it will be easier to get here and easier to stay, they will come. If they don't, they won't. Joe Biden was elected on the promise of making it easier to come illegally and easier to stay, if you do. And the result is, we've seen close to 10 million people now across the border, the United States illegally in just three years, in just three and a half years.INGRAHAM: Senator, scale of one to 10, 10 being the most important, how important it is -- is it for Republicans to win control of the Senate, just on this issue alone?RUBIO: It's extraordinarily important because number one, all of those nominations that go through the Senate, I mean, some of the people, Mayorkas and others that are in charge, they're complicit in this act. That's number one.I think number two, it gives us the leverage over the administration. It'll be great to have both the House and the Senate, but right now we don't have the Senate and it limits our ability to do things. We can't even call hearings to investigate this, because obviously Democrat chairs --INGRAHAM: What's to investigate?RUBIO: -- I'm not going to go ahead and do this(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: It's kind of lot (inaudible) --RUBIO: I think it'd be great --INGRAHAM: -- stop all funding of the administration until we get control of our country. I mean we got to stop funding their pet projects --RUBIO: I think it would be great to subpoena. I think it would be great to subpoena some of the internal communications and have those produced --INGRAHAM: Yes.RUBIO: -- so we can actually see how there was collusion involved in making this happen. They knew what they are doing. This is by design.INGRAHAM: They think they have millions of new Democrat voters, clearly. Senator, great to see you. Thank you so much. Now, where did Joe Biden spend her birthday? Well, she was in court with Hunter. The details next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: As hard as he tried to avoid it, Hunter Biden was in court today. It was time for jury selection on his federal gun charges case. Joining us now with all the details, Fox justice correspondent David Spunt. David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Laura, we have a jury officially, 12 jurors plus four alternates. It was whittled down from 250 potential jurors. Opening statements begin tomorrow here behind me in Hunter's hometown of Wilmington, Delaware.Hunter Biden arrived with his wife and some other family members today for the proceedings. They began promptly at 8:30 this morning for jury selection. You see him there leaving the courthouse. He's charged with three felony counts of lying on a federal gun form in 2018 when claiming he was not a drug user. Jurors were asked their opinion about drug use and gun rights.Hunter's attorney, Abby Lowell, expected, Laura, to argue that Hunter did not check no to being a drug user on that federal form. He says it needs to be examined whether other people may have filled out the form considering there are some other signatures. He says there may be some chain of custody questions.Also in the courtroom, the first lady, Jill Biden, showing a sign of support to Hunter. Today happens to be her third, her 73rd birthday. Her daughter and Hunter's sister, Ashley Biden, also in the courtroom, all taking notes.President Biden was about 10 minutes away, Laura, at his home in Wilmington, but did not come to court personally. He did release this statement. As the president, I don't and won't comment on pending federal cases, but as a dad, I have boundless love for my son, confidence in him and respect for his strength. Our family has been through a lot together, and Jill and I are going to continue to be there for Hunter and our family with our love and support.Again, those opening statements begin nine o'clock tomorrow. This case expected to go about two weeks, meaning that we'll have closing arguments and likely a verdict by mid to end of next week. Laura.INGRAHAM: Wow, that's pretty quick. David, thank you.Joining me now, Missouri Senator Eric Schmitt. Senator, thanks for being with us tonight. So, Jill Biden was in court for jury selection. I guess you could argue that that's a pretty, you know, powerful message from the White House to potential jurors or maybe just a concerned mom.SEN. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): Well, I think what's important to remember about this case, Laura, before it gets memory hold, is that the Department of Justice wanted to give him a sweetheart deal. It wasn't until the judge started asking some tough questions about what was in -- not even a plea agreement, but a secret pre-trial diversion agreement that would have not only allowed him to plea, not even have to plea, he was going to get a deferred prosecution deal on the gun charge, but take away the IRS charge on a plea deal. And then also for any other federal crimes that might be brought by the United States.So, they were willing to give him a free pass on everything, including the influence peddling by foreign governments. But that got unwound by this judge. And so, look, as a former prosecutor here, as attorney general of Missouri, these gun charges are usually slammed on cases, but remember the federal government wanted to get rid of all of this stuff in a sweetheart deal.And you combine that with what just happened one business day ago to president Trump on full display to the world now, two tiers of justice, one for the chief political rival, President Trump, they want to put them away for the rest of his life versus the sweetheart deal for their son. This is now, not just about the election by two men, Laura, this is about a cause and whether or not we're going to be a constitutional Republic or a banana Republic.INGRAHAM: Well, I guess the two judges that would be involved in this case are Trump appointees. Is that correct?SCHMITT: You know, I don't even know. I don't know.INGRAHAM: Politico is reporting that on the two different, the two judges overseeing the trials have a lot in common for starters, both were appointed by Trump. Senator, again, the law should be applied without regard to who appoints whom and what the -- who the defendant is. None of that should matter. But nevertheless, the Democrats may make some hay over that.SCHMITT: Sure. But you've got Alvin Bragg, which they've seen to forget about who ran on getting Trump, right? Like his campaign was, I'm going to prosecute Donald Trump, right? And they couldn't even articulate what the underlying crime was. It is riddled with error that I think the appellate court is going to vindicate President Trump.But again, look, you saw by the donations that came in, Laura, people are upset about this. They can't believe this is happening to our country. These are, you know, this is a federal court here where again, these gun charges are, you know, you've -- they've sort of got them dead to rights here. I wouldn't be surprised.But I think, remember, what they tried to do, what the Department of Justice tried to do, which was to give Hunter Biden a free pass on everything. And that got unwound.INGRAHAM: Yeah. They're going to rely on a conviction here to say, see, we're all even Steven now. That's obviously going to be the narrative. But your point is well taken. Senator, thank you tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Indefinite war in pursuit of an unidentified notion of total victory will not bring Israel -- and will not bring down -- bogged out -- we'll only bog down Israel and Gaza.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, the Wilmington wonder, once again, aspiring -- inspiring confidence coast to coast. Well, maybe not. For good reason, Democrats are petrified. And no matter what they do to Trump, he seems to just get stronger and stronger. So, the only option left is, take him off the ballot completely. That's what the socialists in Washington state are trying to do on grounds that he's a convicted felon.Seattle attorney, David Vogel told the Seattle Times, I have clients lined up who are going to be all over pursuing a ballot challenge in this case.Joining us now is RNC co-chair, Lara Trump. Lara, what's your plan to beat back this and other such efforts?LARA TRUMP, RNC CO-CHAIR: Well, I mean, I think you're right, Laura, the assessment that everything they're trying to do to Donald Trump is basically backfiring on them and only making him stronger. Only galvanizing support behind him is spot on. And that's exactly what we've seen.But this law in particular that they're attempting to use here seems to only apply to local and state elections. Of course, we know when it comes to Donald Trump, whether or not a law actually legally applies really doesn't matter to the Democrats. Just ask Alvin Bragg and Letitia James. They'll tell you all you need to know about that.But they've already tried this tactic in states like Colorado where they attempted to use a similar law. And the Supreme Court said unanimously you can't do it. These are completely undemocratic measures that they are attempting to use.I suspect, though, they are in full panic mode because they have an incumbent president who is attempting to run again with a 36 percent approval rating. We've never seen someone reelected, Laura, with an approval rating that low.And just last month, we had a poll out of Washington state that Donald Trump was actually up one point, if you can believe it, on Joe Biden in deep blue Washington state. So, yeah, you guys can try out there all of these tactics that you want. They will be struck down. They will be slapped down. Donald Trump will be our nominee for the Republican Party. And any attempt like this will continue to galvanize more support behind him.INGRAHAM: Well, the stories we were seeing, things are really getting close in Virginia, which, of course, has been a tough state for Republicans. In New York state, within seven points. Now, it's usually double-digit blowout for the Democrats.This is -- what you guys are doing with the minority vote and outreach really is working. It's driving them nuts and forcing them to spend a lot of money. When can we expect you all, especially with your huge fundraising haul that you just got in May, $141 million, crazy amount of money. When will you go to Chicago? And can we expect you in Denver and L.A.?TRUMP: We will be in Chicago. We will be in Detroit. We will be in Atlanta. We will be in Philly. We are going to do exactly what Donald Trump is the best at, which is be his authentic self and actually reach out to people.And quite frankly, Laura, it's kind of astonishing that prior to Donald Trump, you really haven't seen Republicans go in these areas except back to, like, Reagan. And think about what happened with that. You saw New York flip and turn red under Ronald Reagan. And so, we are going to continue to do this.And I think it is really the authenticity that Donald Trump brings, alongside of the fact that people can actually remember back to when he was president and how different their life was. So, we're going to continue to do this. Donald Trump will continue to show up everywhere.And I think the Democrats are going to realize very quickly, if they haven't already, that keeping Donald Trump stuck in New York was maybe the worst thing they possibly could have done because it has shown that when he reaches out, people respond and he is going to get a massive, massive vote from people all across this country on November 5th.INGRAHAM: Lara, thank you so much. Good to see you tonight as always. All right. WNBA star Caitlin Clark. Oh, that cheap shot. I have been dying to talk about this one. The video and commentary, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It was the shove scene around the world.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Mabry doubled off to Carter. Her jumper is good. Kennedy Carter now with 12 points off the bench. The officials are going to take a look at what just transpired between Carter and Clark. I mean, that's clearly a foul, which was called. The question is, will they call it unnecessary.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Chicago Sky Guard Kennedy Carter, the one who threw the -- Clark to the ground, gave this explanation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Wanted to give you an opportunity to talk about that moment between you and Caitlin, what was on that play, what was said and kind of what led to.UNKNOWN: Nice question. I didn't answer no Caitlin Clark questions.UNKNOWN: Did she say anything to you?UNKNOWN: I don't know what she said.UNKNOWN: What did she say to her?UNKNOWN: I didn't say anything.UNKNOWN: That's enough.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's enough. What? Joining me now is Dan Dakich, host of Don't @ Me, On Outkick, former head coach of Bowling Green State University. Dan, now the league upgraded the foul, I guess, to a flagrant one. So, doesn't need any more explanation, right? This -- we're all good here.DAN DAKICH, HOST OF DON'T @ ME ON OUTKICK: Yeah. How about, hey, let's move along. You know, WNBA players, their jealousy is shining through. I understand. Look, I get it, Laura. You go to the rim, a hard foul, you rebound, somebody takes a shot at you. You know, I get it. Rookie indoctrination.But this right here is like, what are you doing? Like, what could you possibly be thinking? And then even worse, it was almost like there was a bounty on the head of Caitlin Clark because the bench, including Angel Reese, they all stood up, hugged her, high fivers like you got -- you got her. And of course, the B word thrown in, which, all right, I get it. Heat of the moment.But it was like it was a damn. It was like there was a bounty. Somebody is going to get Caitlin tonight. And it was ridiculous. And afterward, you know what? The poor woman, Carter, she just said -- she should have said this. How would you have felt, Laura? I'm going to turn this on you. If she said, look, I don't like Caitlin Clark. I don't like anything about it. She talks trash. She's coming to our league. I shouldn't have done what I did, but I did it. But I simply don't like her. And she's going to have to face some toughness in this league. How would you have felt if she would have said at least that?INGRAHAM: Well, I guess. I mean, there are people are making comments about, you know, this is racism. This is a racist targeting of Caitlin Clark.As far as I can tell, I haven't seen every clip. She seems pretty gracious every time she's asked about other players on other teams. I mean, they're all great players. They're tough competitors. People get knocked to the ground all the time in basketball. I played in high school, not college, but you get knocked to the ground. That's not surprising.But this was something beyond that. Do you think race comes into play here?DAKICH: Oh, I think absolutely, because the players, Asia Wilson, Becky Hammonds, one of the coaches, all the race baiting, Jamel Hills, Mike Freedman's of the world. Absolutely. They've made it into a race thing. It shouldn't be. Sports doesn't need that. The competition is enough.Women's sports are growing, women's basketball because of Caitlin Clark and others is growing, but absolutely. And to say, to close your eyes after listening to what Asia Wilson said, how this woman, Caitlin Clark is only popular because she's white and straight. Absolutely.And look, when you hear it externally, Laura, you can imagine the conversations internally. You've been in locker rooms. You know, if they're saying it externally, they're talking about it internally a lot.INGRAHAM: Oh, yeah. Love to see those text messages. Just a little background on the lovely Ms. Carter suspended by the Atlanta Dream back in 2021 for conduct detrimental to the team when she allegedly tried to fight her own teammate. And there are a couple of other little items on her resume that we don't have time to get into. But she's been trouble since she walked in, some say.Again, I don't follow her personally. But it seems to me that this is a moment where the WNBA could really stand up and say, all are welcome. If you can play and you're good, we welcome you. And the league is growing in popularity and everyone play hard on the court and enough. I mean, right?DAKICH: Yeah. I mean, Lynn Dunn is the legendary head coach to the Fever. Her name is in the rafters. And she told me, she comes on my local radio show in Indiana, and she told me last Friday that they've been sending clips of this to the WNBA office for weeks. The different shots to Caitlin Clark has taken, the unnecessary hits.So, you know, Laura, this isn't the first time, right? This has been ongoing.INGRAHAM: Well.DAKICH: But this is the most public, right? This is the most public. You're talking about it. And look, you know, again, let me ask you, how great is it for the WNBA that Laura Ingraham is talking about it on the Ingraham Angle?INGRAHAM: Yeah, well, it is good for them. But I don't like the racism coming into play here, if that's what it is. Certainly, doesn't seem -- doesn't seem like this is just regular competition here. It's a lot more going on. Dan, you're the best. Thanks so much.All right. Pride comes to Philly and Sesame Street. Congressman is photobombed from the House floor. All the details, Seen and Unseen with Raymond Arroyo, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for Seen and Unseen, where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, Pride Month is upon us. The Defense Department, with their $843 billion budget, they posted a celebrate pride message under a statement proclaiming June PTSD Awareness Month.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, that was odd. You know, the post read, if you or someone you know is struggling, help is available. Does pride bring on PTSD? I don't know. But look, it's very unclear. They ended up pulling that post.Then the Naval Special Warfare Command official Facebook page also posted a rainbow, which got a lot of negative reactions. And the question is this, Laura, is this the role of the federal government? I mean, are they pushing and promoting support for child -- children who have diabetes or people with muscular dystrophy? Where are we drawing the line here?INGRAHAM: I have a lot of Navy SEAL friends that might shock you to know. And I received that full screen, that screenshot, I think from seven different people from different parts of the country.The SEALs, that at least I know, were very, very unhappy with that. They're like, that's -- we're the Navy SEALs. What are you doing? It doesn't work.But the worst was this official Sesame Street post wishing everybody a happy Pride Month to their audience. Well, OK.ARROYO: Yeah. But the problem here, Laura, is we're not talking about adults celebrating their sexuality. This is a message to preschoolers, little babies. It's very bizarre. And sadly, it's not the first time Sesame Street and the gang have wandered down this street before.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This month and every month, we want to uplift and celebrate our LGBTQIA-plus family, friends and communities.UNKNOWN: Yeah, that's right, Ms. Ariana. From our Sesame Street family to yours, happy pride.UNKNOWN: I want you to meet my brother, Dave.UNKNOWN: Hi.UNKNOWN: His husband, Frank.UNKNOWN: Hi.UNKNOWN: And my sobrina, Mia.UNKNOWN: Hi, Mia.UNKNOWN: Happy, Daddy, Sesame Street is even more amazing than he said.UNKNOWN: I'm so happy that you're all here.UNKNOWN: Are you kidding? We wouldn't have missed family day for anything.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Look, Laura, everybody is welcome. And certainly, everybody should be represented. That's fine. But what we're talking about here is little babies and taking the innocent things of childhood and setting them in an adult context.I mean, when we talk a big bird and you need a content warning, that's a problem. And that's where -- we're borderline that here.INGRAHAM: Well, and what happened with in Philadelphia over the weekend, Raymond, something happened with Elmo. You know, they encountered -- Yeah.ARROYO: Far more than Elmo, Laura, they ran into a pro-Palestinian protest who blocked their way. And this got really ugly. Look, I hope they found shelter. They had these banners, no pride in genocide.But considering what happens in the Middle East, some of these people in the pride march must have been concerned about their welfare. At least they should have been.There was a huge election over the weekend, Laura, in Mexico. This is getting washed away by all these other headlines. They elected their first female president, Claudia Sheinbaum. She is a socialist. And she was partially elected by people living in the United States.Check out this video. These are people voting at the Houston and Chicago Mexican consulates, hundreds of thousands of them. They received voter I.D. cards to vote in the election. Nice to see some governments still check I.D.'s at the polling places. They're getting their good practice.INGRAHAM: Get out, get out, get out the vote. And before we go, Raymond, Congressman John Rose of Tennessee brought his son to the House floor today as he offered remarks. Let's just say he was upstaged.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The justice system to engage in a politically driven prosecution and now conviction. We'd be well served to remember the long and cherished tradition we have in this country of settling our political differences at the ballot box.The D.A. who brought these charges actually campaigned on, quote, "getting President Trump."(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, they say you should never work with dogs or kids. Look, I thought it was hilarious. The congressman said he told his son, Guy, to smile at his brother back home, and the kid followed orders and created his own sideshow. And now he's creating it over my shoulder. Great.You know, I like that he's there because he's not only fun, he can't raise our taxes and he can't spend more money on foreign wars. Keep the kid. I like it.INGRAHAM: I mean, he was dead as a Republican, but I think he's sticking out the tongue. He's expressing what we all feel about Congress sometimes. Raymond, thanks so much.Follow me on social and Jesse is next.