BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Four counts under former President Donald Trump, who says the ultimate determination will be by the American people on November 5th, and he says he'll keep fighting. We'll keep covering it. All of it. Fair, balanced, and unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle reporting tonight from Texas. Thank you for joining us tonight. And this is a Fox News Alert. A historic moment, President Trump found guilty on all 34 counts. We'll go live to the courthouse for reaction in just a moment. But first, I guess we all need want to shop at banana republic from now on, because that's what it feels like. Yes, a banana republic. I wish there was something to laugh about. But there's not.This is a disgraceful day for the United States. A day that America may never recover from. Yes, the jury convicted Trump on all 34 counts of falsifying business records, in order to interfere with the 2016 presidential election. We'll break that all down for you. But from the beginning, this case should never have been brought.This judge should never have been allowed to sit on the case. These charges should have been dismissed when the first motion was filed by the defense. The jury instructions were fatally flawed, they were farcical. And you don't have to be a former law clerk to know that this was all a travesty. At all along Bragg's case was just an extension of the otherwise doomed Biden campaign.This is a humiliating day for the country that we all love. It makes us look like a joke to the rest of the world. Is this what they meant by the American way? Democrats have shown us who they really are. They don't intend to give up power, not ever. And funny, that's what they like to accuse Trump of.And if this lawfare is rewarded in November, it will mean that never again will you have a real choice in the presidential election. You will maybe be able to choose between two candidates with minor disagreements on the big issues, but you'll never again be able to elect someone who makes fundamental changes again, not at our border, not with these wars in places like Ukraine, and not in our economic policy.Think about this. Donald Trump gave up fame, fortune, and a very comfortable life to try to save America from the forces that are trying to tear it down right now. And if they can do this, to someone like Donald Trump with his means, it will be very difficult to ever turn this around.At least he has the money and the resources right now to fight the cases that are being brought against him, including this, and the appeals that will follow. But most people will never get this far. So, are we going to establish a precedent where the President can put his political opponent in jail? Because if they can do this now, this will, I promise you, this will be the new normal.The Democrats are showing you what real power is like. It's the type of power we usually see dictators exercise in China, and Cuba and North Korea. And if anyone threatens the establishment in the future, the Democrats will use the same playbook, charge someone like I don't know a JD Vance or Ron DeSantis, in a liberal jurisdiction on some bogus charges, then have a radical judge hand down jury instructions that will make it almost impossible for a jury not to convict them of something.So, these great defenders of democracy would rather ruin the public's faith in the entire American system. They would rather lay waste to the Constitution, they would rather destroy the credibility of the U.S. judicial system, then risk the real possibility that the people will elect a common sense populace again like Trump.If you allow them to get away with this, my friends, if it goes down in the history books that Trump was winning, until he was convicted of a crime in a liberal jurisdiction. If Trump goes on to lose the presidency, then this will become the model for how the Left will hang on to power forever.Now, the Left is gleeful tonight, no doubt. You've seen them in the streets, they're cheering, they're pumping their fists. I can only imagine the coming book deal, the 12 saviors of democracy. The interviews on the today show, the neo-orgasmic panels on MSNBC. They're thinking that Trump's the real loser here. But really, we're all the losers. Because if this is allowed to stand and if these people aren't thrown out of office with an exclamation point, then we will essentially be forced to live in a one- party state for the foreseeable future.The only recourse now is with the appellate process as slow as it is, but more importantly with you, the voters. And given thing, how things have gone. We'll have more luck with the people. And if this feels bad tonight. Think of how you will feel if Biden and Harris win again.So, I say turn this dark day into a time to recommit yourself to saving America from these vindictive, Far Left tyrants, volunteer, donate, organize, and even reach out to others who maybe haven't followed this trial. Explain how this reverberates far beyond Trump, and how it threatens our ability to affect real political change in the future.Today can't be the end of the line for American exceptionalism. But it will be if we sit on our hands and fall into despair. So, don't get mad, get motivated.Joining me now from right outside the courthouse Andy McCarthy, former Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, and Jonathan Turley, Professor at GW University Law School, both are Fox News Contributors. Also with me, Shannon Bream, host of Fox News Sunday.Andy, I want to start with you on the question of what the jury actually concluded here, and Jonathan, you were touching on this earlier on Fox, you made a point that the follow on or bump up crime to make this a felony was never specified in the jury return that came in, in the actual verdict itself, although you just heard Alvin Bragg say that this was a -- he was convicted on essentially a conspiracy to subvert democracy. So, who's right here? What Trump -- what was Trump actually convicted of, by a unanimous jury?ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, the charges in the indictment, and I guess formally, what will go down in the judgment of conviction are, as you said, Laura, 34 counts of falsification of business records with fraudulent intent to conceal another crime. That sounds dry.What was pitched to the jury and was really pitched by Bragg publicly in a very peculiar way from the day the indictment was returned was this, basically a scheme to steal the 2016 election. I sort of stumble over that, because what's amazing to me about this is, Bragg is an election denier, and he wears it like a badge of honor, even as election denial, we're told is like the worst thing that you can be in public life. I guess it depends on which election it is.But the reason I say it was very peculiar for day one is usually the prosecutor has the narrative that you want to present to the jury in the indictment, it becomes the framework that you plead the charges in. In a very strange way here, the grand jury returned a fairly bare bones indictment, which just laid out the statutory elements of this business records crime, and conterminously with that, Bragg put out on his own, not for the grand jury, what he called the statement of facts, which was this narrative about basically Trump defrauding the United States out of what would otherwise have been the delight of having the Hillary Clinton presidency.And I don't mean to be too snarky about it, you just need to read it. That's basically what it says. And it relies explicitly on inadmissible evidence against Trump. It relies, as a bedrock matter, on this idea that Michael Cohen pled guilty to campaign finance violations. And therefore, the fact that there was this conspiracy to violate the campaign laws, and thereby suppress politically damaging information was like an established fact. And that's certainly how Judge Merchan treated it.INGRAHAM: Well, Jonathan, if that's the case, why did Judge Merchan not allow the former FEC commissioner to testify? If this was such an open and shut case of election interference that was aided and abetted by this so- called falsification of the business records by Trump even though he didn't personally do that, then then why not let the jury hear about what the FEC really was thinking on this matter?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, you know, Laura, the problem that I saw on that ruling, is not that he said that it is his responsibility to say what the law is. That's true. It's up to the trial judge to give those instructions. The problem is that he never gave the instructions. That is the instructions he gave did not go into any meaningful detail on what would constitute a federal election offense.It had some information, but it was incomplete. And that's why the defense wanted to bring in a legal expert. One of the most telling things that expert would have brought in Smith is he said, look, not only is hush money not a campaign contribution, that's been long established, but even if it were a contribution, it couldn't have been part of a conspiracy to influence this election because it wouldn't have had been actually revealed until after the election.So, under -- that's just a matter of dates, that's a matter of filings that are in the regulations. It's not a matter of interpretation. The jury was never told that. So, the jury heard because Judge Merchan allowed them to hear. The prosecutors state over and over again that it was an established fact that election violations occurred here, and that Trump ordered those violations that included in the closing argument. And many of us were mystified, because the judge had given an instruction that Cohen's plea agreement could not be used to impute the guilt of Trump.And then Steinglass, the prosecutor repeatedly did that. And Judge Merchan would do nothing about it. That's the reason I don't blame this jury. What they heard in that room and the instructions they were given, probably to some of them, made it look like they had no choice but to convict. And that's the problem.INGRAHAM: Yes. I mean, I'm not sure even how much it's worth unpacking this, Shannon, because from the get-go, this was a flawed and novel application of this statute. And we all know, as lawyers, why prosecutors don't like using novel applications of statutes, especially in high profile cases, because of the possibility likely possibility of a reversal. But in this case, they don't seem too concerned about getting reversed. They wanted to get to the result.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes, if the result is to get it done, and get a, quote, conviction before the election, then mission accomplished for Alvin Bragg. Remember, when he started talking about this more than a year ago, the indictment coming together, there were people right, left, and center who thought this was a very weak case and a bad decision, a gamble by Alvin Bragg that many of them including on the Left did not think would pay off. They knew that it was novel. And yet he was willing to roll the dice. we've seen that New York juries and judges have not been friendly to President Trump.So, it's a good jurisdiction for them to try something novel. And you're right, there is a good chance, as we've all talked about many things that this Trump team will put together for appeal. Many point things that they can point to, and even if they ultimately win, it won't matter for this election. It gets you months, maybe years down the road to get to that point, even if you eventually get that conviction overturned.In the meantime, it gives the Biden-Harris campaign, a talking point to use about a conviction and former President Trump, I mean he just did an interview with Fox News, Digital, and he says he's never had more support. We see the website that is supposed to be his fundraising arm is having trouble is that because it's overloaded by people who want to weigh in now. This gives him that fresh talking point now saying that the real verdict comes on November 5th, I would imagine him to keep using that language over and over again. And to tell people if you don't like this verdict, I need you to show up in November.INGRAHAM: I want to go back to what I brought up with Andy, and also with Jonathan, what Alvin Bragg said tonight, and whether that was really borne out by what the jury concluded, at least what we know about the jury concluded about that bump up crime to the felony. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALVIN BRAGG, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, MANHATTAN: This type of white-collar prosecution is core to what we do at the Manhattan District Attorney's office. In the 1930s, District Attorney Thomas Dewey ushered in the era of the modern, independent professional prosecutor. For now, nearly 90 years, dedicated professionals in this office have built upon that fine tradition. Donald J. Trump is guilty of 34 counts of falsifying business records in the first degree to conceal a scheme to corrupt the 2016 election.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Andy, do we know that the jury actually unanimously concluded that?MCCARTHY: No, that's what they unanimously concluded was the business records convictions. The bit about the, you know, conspiracy to steal the election is Alvin Bragg's narrative about the convictions. But you know, look, the victors write the history. And, you know, if this gets upheld on appeal, I don't think it will. But if it does, that's how it'll go down in history. It's certainly Laura how it'll be written in the press tomorrow.INGRAHAM: Jonathan, what precedent does this set going forward for anyone who comes along to challenge an incumbent like Donald Trump, what precedent does this set?TURLEY: It's not good precedent. And I think that when people perhaps some who are celebrating tonight, and the celebrations are occurring all around us. I think that some may look back at this and wonder what we've done, because there's great damage here. You know, the reference to Dewey was confusing, in my view. It was maddening.Dewey ran against Truman; he didn't try to put Truman in jail. So, I don't see Bragg as a Dewey, I think that this is going to be part of a very troubling legacy for not just Bragg, but for the New York illegal system. It's a sad day. And I know that everyone basically fulfilled their narrative tonight, right? I mean, Trump was able to show that there was a political prosecution that gave him very little chance in Manhattan.I think that's pretty accurate. The other side fulfilled their narrative that he is a convicted felon. Those narratives have existed for some time, and the politics of that we'll have to see. But when it comes to the law, I think that we also have to take that leap of faith to believe that we have a legal system that is stronger than all of this, that the people around here who are celebrating the demise of an individual are going to be disappointed.This isn't necessarily a demise. Trump did not look like he was surprised at all, you know, some defendants look like they're heading to jail.INGRAHAM: All right.TURLEY: He looked like he was heading to dinner. I mean, he didn't -- he really did not register it. This is going to be a long road.INGRAHAM: Yes.TURLEY: And we're going to see how it plays out. But I have faith in the legal system.INGRAHAM: Well, Andy, Jonathan, and Shannon, all of you, thank you so much. Joining me now is Judge Jeanine Pirro, co-host of The Five. Trump just told Fox News Digital that the guilty verdict, Judge Jeanine, is a scar on the New York justice system. He vowed to keep fighting; he maintained that the election will be the most important day in the history of our country. And I want to give props to you, Judge, because when I thought I saw one or two jurors on that jury, who I don't know, seemed to me a little bit skeptical of the whole process. You said to me, don't bank on it. This is a New York jury and those lawyers on the panel would have a lot of influence on the rest of the jurors like this is our area of expertise. Listen to that.But you were right, Judge --JEANINE PIRRO, CO-HOST OF THE FIVE: Yes.INGRAHAM: And your comment on what you saw today?PIRRO: Well, you know, it's a sad day. I think America went over a cliff today. I think the indictment alone, but now the conviction of a former President of the United States on two dead misdemeanors that were resurrected to life by a judge who was not taken out of the wheel, but literally picked out because of his anti-Trump bias. And a case it was advanced before the election, as opposed to those defendants who are in jail, waiting for trial, whose turn it is to go to trial. And the fact that they had a magic show, where they literally resurrected these misdemeanors and brought them to live through a felony that no one -- none of us knew anything about.With a judge saying you don't have to be unanimous on the specifics of whether it's a federal election campaign violation, a federal tax crime, or a bookkeeping crime. And so, we'll never know whether which of those it was, and of course, they have no jurisdiction over those cases either, Laura. And I can go on and on, but this was a magic show, where they basically said, but look over here. We've got Stormy Daniels. Isn't she interesting?And look over here we have, you know, Michael Cohen, and he was convicted of a federal election campaign violation. And David Pecker, he had a non- prosecution with the federal election campaign people. And as a matter of law, Michael Cohen is aiding and abetting in the same allegations that are defendant.So, what the judge did, he gave the jury no choice, Laura, what he said was Michael Cohen was aiding and abetting in the same allegations that this president is charged with this defendant. And so, the jury did what they thought they were supposed to do. And they brought back a verdict, which is not only a sad day, Laura, but what it does to me as someone who's done this for a living for 32 years. It reminds me of the power of indictment, the power of a prosecutor.And when we have George Soros funded prosecutors, and we have the Department of Justice and the Biden administration dropping down prosecutors so that they can assist them with local D.A.s. We've got a kangaroo court. But make no mistake, I still believe in the system, Laura, because I came up with it. This case is riddled with reversible error, and it will be reversed, but after the election.INGRAHAM: How about -- you can imagine -- given how this has gone? I mean I think people are wrong to assume judge that they're not going to try to put Trump either behind bars or basically geofence him in, so he can't really campaign, and he needs to ask permission every time he wants to do a rally and then that permission is, oh, I'll get back to you next week, or will -- it'll be tough probation until November 5th.I don't put anything past them. So, you have more faith in the New York judicial system, perhaps because you grew up in it, when it was truly the great D.A.s, D.A.s, who had a storied history of taking down the real criminals in the city, not this nonsense with this novel application of the law. But I'm very concerned about this attempt to remove Trump from the campaign trail when he's cutting through with minority voters, especially in places like Chicago, Philly, and maybe even in LA, which I know the Trump campaign wants to do an event in.PIRRO: Well, I think that, look, this judge has set July 11th as the sentencing date, the judge can do any one of a number of things. But this team will ask for bail, pending appeal. And if it isn't granted, they'll go to the Appellate Division to get bail. This whole thing has been about locking Donald Trump down. Laura, you're a trial lawyer, you were, you and I both know that you don't let a jury go for seven days and say, look, come back after you have a few barbecues over Memorial Day weekend.The whole intent was to keep Donald Trump locked down and I agree with you, they will do everything they can to stop him. But what they have done is they've awakened a sleeping giant. You know, everybody listens to all the indictments out there. They have convicted a former President of the United States and probable future president of 34 felonies based on a porn, they call her a star, and a serial perjurer Michael Cohen, he was the linchpin of this.And if you ask an ordinary American, what did Donald Trump do, they won't be able to tell you. And so, our job right now is to continue to have faith and support this man as he goes forward because he's the strongest man I've ever met, Laura.INGRAHAM: I'm going to repeat it, Judge, don't get mad, get motivated. Judge, great to see you as always.PIRRO: Thanks, Laura.INGRAHAM: Thank you. Joining me now Florida Congressman Byron Donalds. Congressman, I have to say, this is happening as I alluded to, with Judge Jeanine at the same time, that we really see Trump starting to eat away at the Democrats edge with minority voters. And I think they were in a full frothy panic about Biden and Harris going up against Trump unleashed on the campaign trail. And now they maybe will have a little more spring in their step, even if their candidate does not. Your reaction tonight.REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): They might have a spring today, but it's not going to last very long, because what happened in New York is a travesty of justice. Everybody knows that. You've been talking through the elements of what's occurred, I'm not going to go down the elements.You have a situation where the justice system is prosecuting and persecuting up chief political rival, no American wants that, especially when you look at the backdrop of how Joe Biden has been a complete disaster as President of the United States. Nobody is doing well, except for major Democrat donors. They're doing great. Everybody else is suffering.And so, when you look at Donald Trump, who had a great presidency, he wants to come back and be president. And now you have Alvin Bragg and these other knuckleheads like Jack Smith who are out there trying to throw him in jail, the American people are going to see through this, and it's not about Republican, Democrat anymore. It is about Americans who need a better country. We significantly need a better president; Joe Biden cannot do that. Only one man can and that's Donald Trump.INGRAHAM: Yes, this is a warning shot though, across the bow, Congressman. I think even to people like you, don't even think about challenging the establishment going forward. And I can't help but notice, and maybe it's changed over the last few minutes of the people who haven't come out to condemn what happened in the -- in lower Manhattan. Haven't heard from Mitch McConnell, again, unless it was in the last 20 minutes. Mitch McConnell stands up with rule of law and all these great judicial picks and silence.I mean, every fair-minded American in a position of leadership has to know where this is going to take the country. This is way past Trump. This is -- this is off the cliff toward full blown totalitarianism if this is allowed to stand in an election year or frankly, at any point where there is a political election in the offing. If this is allowed to stand. Everyone needs to speak out.DONALDS: You're a 100 percent -- you're 100 percent correct on this and so my Republican colleagues who have been silent, what the radical Left Democrats are counting on is your silence and your submission. You cannot bend a knee to this kind of stuff. You've got to stand up to it. I know that the President's website went down, donaldjtrump.com. People get out and support President Trump because he's the only person right now --INGRAHAM: Just came back up.DONALDS: -- in the political arena that is going to stand for the American people and beat back against these establishment hacks. And these radical Democrats who truly are destroying our country, people got to stand up to this stuff. This is not about being just supportive of Donald Trump. This is about saving America.If you allow stuff like this to occur in New York, it's not going to stop there. It's only going to grow in our country, it's going to lead to the demise of America. I don't want to see that, Laura, I know President Trump doesn't want to see that. That's why he's going to stand strong against this foolishness and fight for the country.INGRAHAM: Now, even these fairly typically anti-Trump publications, remember the Never Trump cover on National Review, back in 2016. Even those publications are saying that this trial was rigged and a stunning piece in National Review written by our old friend, Rich Lowry, he said the whole thing was rigged from the beginning to the end and hopes of rigging the presidential election.If this had happened in an Alderman race in Cook County, Illinois. It'd be discomforting enough. But it happened in what purports to be the greatest city in the world and involves the campaign to become the most powerful political leader in the free world. This --DONALDS: Absolutely correct.INGRAHAM: -- this is even cutting through beyond --DONALDS: Absolutely correct.INGRAHAM: -- you know, beyond Trump supporters.DONALDS: It is, and I think you got to take a step back on this whole thing. Whether you love Donald Trump, don't like Donald Trump. That's a side note. We're talking about the system of justice; we're talking about our institutions. We have been lectured by the radical Democrats led by Joe Biden, about how they were going to be here to save our institutions in a safe democracy. They're not doing any of that. They are destroying every institution in this country.And it is going to take strong leadership to defeat them in November, which is what really matters. That's the real verdict here, Laura, November 5th, people need to get out and vote and make sure their voices heard. Because if you really want to save the land of the free and the home of the brave, it is not with Joe Biden and his radicals in our midst. It is with common sense conservatives who have no problem standing up to wrongdoing when they see it.So, I'm glad that Rich Lowry wrote that column. Other people need to stand up against this. This is wrong.INGRAHAM: Congressman, thank you so much. All right. Putin smiling tonight. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. So, just to recap, we know President Trump was found guilty on all 34 counts in lower Manhattan. And if that's the case, I really think we've reached the sub-basement of U.S. history. This once unthinkable low. So, even when it's sunny, by the way in the nation's capital, when Biden speaking always expect a storm of lies and stumbles with wide bands of irony moving through.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We can't let Putin win. Say it again, we can't let Putin win.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's funny. Yes. And Putin must be laughing, watching Judge Merchan run his courtroom like any Kremlin crony would run his own in Moscow. Whenever a viable threat to his power base emerges, just take it out with Soviet style justice, find a crime, any crime and charge him with it. This is what's facing Biden's likely successor now, Donald Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This was a rigged disgraceful trial that the real verdict is going to be November 5th by the people. And they know what happened here. And everybody knows what happened here. You have Soros-backed D.A. We didn't do anything wrong. I'm a very innocent man. And it's OK, I'm fighting for our country. I'm fighting for our Constitution. Our whole country is being rigged right now. This was done by the Biden administration in order to wound or hurt an opponent, a political opponent.And I think it's a just a disgrace, and we will fight for our Constitution. This is long from over. Thank you very much.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: He's absolutely right. Remember when they used to accuse him of Russian collusion? Well, what they're doing is Russian impersonation here. And like any show trial, the jackals who cheered on the prosecution, they of course, they're going to indulge in the sickest of fantasies, close your eyes and everyone imagine Trump at Rikers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D-NYC, NY): Our amazing Commissioner as she is prepared for whatever comes on Rikers Island, and I'm pretty sure she would be prepared to manage and deal with the situation.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And those discussions with corrections about that situation.UNKNOWN: Yes, we have.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: See that woman on his left, smiling, drinking the, you know, Pellegrino? Smiling. Of course, what else would Adams be focusing on, other than Trump at Rikers? After all, he has violent crime totally under control in Manhattan.Now, if you think the Democrat Party is spending its time trying to figure out how to solve the problems you care about, you've told every pollster that you care about, think again. Their focus has been entirely on holding onto power with an iron fist.And that required their attempts to humiliate Donald Trump, of course, with the ultimate goal of removing him from the campaign trail, which they hope the sentencing actually will do.So, Democrats, of course, are going to salivate over the prospect that a man with Secret Service protection leading in most of the polls could be marched off to jail. Phew, Biden won't have to debate after all.Well, they fall asleep at night thinking classy felonies. They were punishable. They do the math. What, it's 136 years total? All 34 counts if you get the maximum? Or Trump in an orange jumpsuit? Yeah.Liberals once believed in preserving civil liberties. I remember those liberals. And they talked about overzealous prosecutors, the danger of prosecutors totally running out of control. But that was out the window. It was out the window with Trump because Trump broke them. Trump revealed them.Today, David Nakamura at the Washington Post explained that even Trump -- if he avoids jail, he may be sidelined from doing rallies or any campaigning, saying Trump would be required to clear any out-of-state travel with a probation officer.If Trump were to serve home confinement at his Mar-a-Lago resort, New York authorities would likely have to work with his counterparts in Florida to accommodate him.And liberals who once believed in protecting civil liberties, well, they love contemplating how Trump on probation will also be subject to random searches and even drug tests. Yeah.Look, if you've been wondering when the Biden campaign would actually kick into high gear, you're watching it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You create a bad guy, a villain, and you tell the story of the villain and you tell the story of the rescue that's going to come at the end of this movie that we're talking about here. And the end of the story in the movie is Election Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Forget the economy. Forget the border. Forget the attacks on your freedom of movement. Forget the fact that they're even coming for your gas- powered cars, your gas stove. Just think that the guy that you were going to pull the lever for, the guy who restored our economy back in 2019, is now a convicted felon.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: What do they need to do to get those people to come home? Remind those people of who Donald Trump is. I think the trial, especially, if there's a conviction, helps in that effort. So, they have a lot of clubs in their bag.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: A lot of clubs. Note the language. Clubs. Golf or caveman style, John? We didn't need to expose these people because they exposed themselves.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We need an American president who's thinking about our problems, not his own. I think Donald Trump is pretty tied up right now in the Manhattan courtroom.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yeah. The broad jury instructions that allowed the jury to reach a non-unanimous consensus on that add-on crime that we talked about with Andy McCarthy and Jonathan Turley. You heard of the pick six lottery? This was the pick three. Tax evasion, election interference, or falsification of records. Again, that was a circular charge.Making it completely nonsensical, flying in the face of what we all understood to be the requirement of a truly unanimous verdict with a non- novel application of a law that's never been used in this type of circumstance. How convenient. Even an MSNBC-er saw a problem here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: These are the jury instructions, right? Fifty-five-pages long. This is incredibly difficult to understand. Even though I've read it four times over at this point, I still don't get it at certain points. And by the way, you can't take it into the deliberation room.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: My best guess is that the two lawyers on the jury were probably instrumental in moving the jury to wherever they landed. Now, this is my area of expertise. You can imagine that. Let me explain how this works. Michael Cohen is plenty credible. You can infer intent on Donald Trump. So, they move to their verdict.Well, this was only possible, remember, because Judge Merchan crafted jury instructions that were so confusing, so long, so broad, that it really was almost impossible for a jury not to find Trump was guilty here.But back to Putin. He has to be pinching himself here. This is what they call the Great American Experiment in Democracy? But in fact, Biden's protectors are just copying us.If this were happening in any other country, what we've seen in that Manhattan courthouse, the U.N. would be demanding an investigation. But in this case, it's just part of the Biden campaign.You saw Matthew Colangelo standing next to Alvin Bragg late today when they were doing their victory lap. And this is, of course, what the globalists are enthusiastically supporting. And that's the Angle.Joining me now, Newt Gingrich, former Speaker of the House, Fox News, political analyst. Newt, the verdict handed down. The president did not seem surprised by this. As a historical matter, how significant is this?NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think it's potentially very significant, depending on what happens this fall. You have now the most corrupt system going after a political leader in American history. We've never seen anything like this.I think it has a couple of problems. One is that Donald Trump has grown in stature all through this experience. I mean, the number of people who say to me they can't imagine how he's been able to stand up and take this kind of a beating and keep coming. I think he's now a bigger figure than he was when the trial started. And it's one of the things the left doesn't understand.I also think that the depth of the corruption is going to change things. And by the way, it doesn't solve any of Biden's problems. People are going to go to the grocery store and they're going to find it's too expensive. They're going to find they can't afford to buy a house. They're going to find that gasoline is going to start back up again. They're going to find that they're illegal immigrants. None of this is going to affect the long run.And I think, as you were saying earlier, and it's happened ironically, the website for Donald Trump collapsed this afternoon because so many people went to it spontaneously. I think you're going to find people who are for Trump, are deeply enraged, feel that not only is this a sad day, but it's an infuriating day.And I think that the amount of energy that's going to be available for Trump is going to go up very, very dramatically, while it's clear that you have a cognitively impaired, decaying president who can barely figure out what he's doing.INGRAHAM: Well, Newt, I think the left doesn't quite understand that it's bitten off more than it can chew here. Because Trump campaigned from the very beginning as an outsider. And a lot of people said, well, you got into power. You're part of the now elite GOP establishment of a sort. So, you can't really claim to be an outsider anymore. You already were on the inside.But he is the ultimate outsider now, fighting against a corrupt establishment that will even subvert a justice system to cling to power. At the same time, the Democrats say Trump's never going to leave office. If he's elected, he's never going to leave office.Well, what does it look like tonight, Newt, that Biden never will leave office?GINGRICH: And remember this. Every American has to remember a government big enough to take on a billionaire former president and frontrunner this year. A government they'll take him on can destroy the rest of us.This really is a vote this fall between going back to the Constitution with Trump or the establishment of a dictatorship in which the people who are corrupt tell the rest of us, do what we want you to, or else we'll destroy you the way we destroyed Trump.I think this, in that sense, this is an extraordinarily important moment depending on how the American people respond. And personally, I believe deeply in the American people. I do not believe the American people want government to control them. I don't think the American people want Joe Biden to dominate them. And I don't think they're dumb enough to believe that any of this is fair.So, I think the net advantage will be over the next six weeks enormous increase in strength for Trump and a real problem for the left as it begins to realize that there may be nothing it can do to stop him from becoming president.INGRAHAM: Let's fast forward to the debates for a moment, Newt, and how today's news makes them even more important in the way Trump comports himself during these debates given what's happened with this news. What would your best advice be, given that we know Biden is going to try to egg Trump on, that you're a convicted felon. Like, that's going to be the Biden attack at this debate, no doubt about it.GINGRICH: Look, I mean, my advice would be, the smaller and pettier Biden gets, the bigger and more historic Trump should get. Trump should go into that debate as the spokesperson for the American people, as a visionary who wants a better future, as a man who delivered a far better past than Joe Biden, and not get involved in mud wrestling with Joe Biden.Remember, by the time you get there, you're going to have all of Hunter Biden's problems out in the open. You're going to have a lot of other things going on. And frankly, a little bit like Reagan who said, there you go again in his debate with Carter.I would just ask, as often as I could in the debate, have you been to a grocery store recently, Joe? Do you have any idea what the American people are suffering? And I would just go back to that over and over again, because that is the strongest single condemnation.We have a project called the America's New Majority Project that does tremendous amount of polling. African-Americans, Latinos, Asian-Americans. It doesn't matter. Everybody in America is hurting financially, and Trump ought to be calling --INGRAHAM: Yeah, we need a new coalition.GINGRICH: -- and saying, I did everything I could to stop it. And I think we're going to get a new coalition. Trump's running ahead now in every one of those groups. And he's stronger now than any Republican since Eisenhower with African-Americans. Is that big a difference.INGRAHAM: Yeah, and that's what has the left freaking out. Newt, thank you as always. All right, as I said, this is the real election interference. They accused Trump of that, but that's what they're doing. It was always about getting Trump off the trail. They know how powerful he is in just arguing that.Remember what you felt like? Remember what you were like back in 2019, and how is it working out now? They didn't want that to be the narrative. They think they flipped the narrative tonight.Well, his sentencing will be on July 11th. That's just days before the start of the Republican convention. The Angle will be there in Milwaukee. And I mentioned this briefly earlier, but it's important that everyone tonight understand the magnitude of what the jury just decided.Trump faces not just jail time, but probation. And the probation could involve home confinement, drug tests, random searches, and very importantly, travel restrictions.Joining me now, Sol Wisenberg, former deputy independent counsel, Fox News contributor. Chris Landau, former law clerk, Justices Scalia and Thomas, and also former ambassador to Mexico.Chris, let's start with you. I wanted to believe, and I was really idealistic in believing so, that there was one juror who saw through what was going on, but it was a unanimous verdict, at least on the falsification part of it. Your reaction tonight?CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER SCALIA AND THOMAS LAW CLERK: Yeah, Laura. Both as a lawyer and as an American, today is a day of great sadness and shame for me. I just feel like this is not what this country is about. I think this proves, once again, that if a judge wants a jury to convict, the judge has myriad ways of making that clear to the jury.And I think Judge Merchan's name will go down in the annals of American history as the epitome of a crooked and biased judge. You're going to say, that guy pulled a Merchan today. And this is where we are in our country. So, you know, I just think it's a really sad day.And I think the point you just made about the potential for restrictions on Trump just portends even greater mischief as the election season moves on. I mean, this is not going to be a one and done. They're going to try to control this man throughout the whole campaign.And Judge Merchan, and whatever, the probation officer can decide what a candidate for president is.INGRAHAM: I mean, it could affect the whole future of the country. Yeah. I mean, Sol, that is something how Chris just touched on it. A probation officer in West Palm Beach working with a probation office in New York could have an outsized influence in the future of the United States of America.Our relationship with China, what will that look like? Our trade law, what will that look like? Our economic system, what will that look like? Our border, will that be enforced? Because of whether the president can campaign or not. Your reaction tonight.SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I don't think his political opponents are that stupid. They were stupid enough to bring this prosecution, but I don't think they're that stupid. I think it will backfire tremendously and I just don't think it's likely to happen.Keep in mind, in addition to being able to appeal a deeply flawed trial, he can, in the state system, I suppose like in the federal system, the strength of your potential appeal can affect the conditions of bond that you're under. So, in the unlikely condition that they really try to restrict his involvement like that, I don't think that it will fly.Keep in mind also, the highest court in New York reversed the conviction of Harvey Weinstein. Can you imagine anybody more unpopular and more hated in New York than Harvey Weinstein? But that court reversed the conviction based upon improper --INGRAHAM: Yeah, years later.WISENBERG: -- evidence that was presented. That's true. I don't think it will be years later here.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: -- that's years from now.WISENBERG: It will not help him in the campaign trail, and that's why I do not believe that we'll try to pull anything like that. Also, I have to say one thing. Others have talked about it. But this is so Orwellian. Thomas Dewey was a great prosecutor in the 1930's and 40's. He was the epitome of trust-busting and an honest prosecutor. He's a towering figure in the law.It is the antithesis of everything Thomas Dewey stood for to have brought this case. He never would have brought this case. He is spinning in his grave over this. What an outrage, Orwellian outrage, to quote and to try to associate yourself with Thomas Dewey.INGRAHAM: The best was when that reporter, if you can call it a reporter, who asked a question of Bragg tonight, saying, well, how does it feel? Are you kidding me? He says, like, how do you feel tonight? Like, what's your favorite color? What did you have for dinner last night? Most ridiculous questions ever.All right. The legal minds over at MSNBC, Chris, are thinking that this verdict may set other legal issues in motion. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There is some thought that the Supreme Court may have been waiting for this verdict, and we will see if that is an explanation for the delay or whether there really are five justices who are intent on undermining the public's right to a speedy trial in the January 6th case.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Chris, Weissmann says a lot of dopey things, but was the court waiting? John Roberts and Amy Coney Barrett were waiting for Judge Merchan and the jury? I mean, this is just a fever dream these people have.LANDAU: Yeah, that's somebody who has no idea how the court works, or at least, you know, is willfully putting on a show there. I mean, let me say this, though. The Judge Merchan show trial is probably the strongest evidence to buttress Trump's claim in the Supreme Court that presidents need immunity from criminal prosecution to do their jobs.I mean, the questionnaire is about immunity for official acts. But I mean, this shows that you don't have to imagine hypotheticals. I mean, you know, this is right there in front of the justices. And, you know, this is not a slippery slope of what might happen. This is unfolding right in front of them.So, you know, I think that --INGRAHAM: Sol, do you agree with that? Sorry, Chris. Do you agree with Chris's point there, Sol, that this does prove or show how the abuse can be laid out in a state criminal proceeding against a former president in an election year when he's running again?WISENBERG: Well, I do, but of course, not even President Trump has claimed immunity for acts that he committed when he was not president. But I want to talk about, first of all, nobody should ever listen to anything Andrew Weissmann says. He's a complete ignoramus when it comes to constitutional law. He was universally scorned. I have to tell you. He did the Enron prosecution. He was universally scorned by the defense bar here, Democrats and Republicans.But also keep in mind, this is forgotten when people talk about delaying these trials. Trump faced two federal prosecutions. All right, this is all starting in 23 and going into 24. Two federal prosecutions, the Jean Carroll libel suit, the Tish James massive civil fraud trial, and the Alvin Bragg prosecution.There is no federal defendant anywhere in the country that wouldn't get sympathy from a federal court saying, I can't prepare for five trials in one year. I have to have a continuance.So, the idea that there's anything unusual or improper about a delay is ridiculous when it was Jack Smith who delayed until 2023 before even indicting President Trump. So, it's just ridiculous. This whole idea that you're duty bound to try him before the 24 election.INGRAHAM: Proving that it's political. It's not just a regular old run-of- the-mill legal case that really needs to be resolved. It has to be done before the election. They reveal themselves at every turn. Sol and Chris, thank you.All right, joining me now, Lee Zeldin, former New York candidate for governor, former New York congressman. As well as Mike Davis, Article III project president, former law clerk to Justice Gorsuch.Lee, I know you just announced on Twitter that you just secured a very, very large donation for Trump after that verdict was handed down. Can you tell us anything more?LEE ZELDIN (R), FORMER NEW YORK GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE: Yeah, $800,000 donation to President Trump, his joint fundraising committee. That amount was something that you could tell. If the max donation was larger, I think the donation would have been larger. I saw someone else post on social media about how they were donating $300,000 immediately.And I'm sure that there're plenty of people donating $5 and $25. DonaldJTrump.com, President Trump's website, people can go and donate right now. I know that when red went down, but that's back up.So, people are stepping up all across this country, understanding that the real verdict will be in November 5th.INGRAHAM: Mike, you and I have been now talking about this law fair for years. We knew that this was a possibility. I held out hope that there was one brave juror who could see through this, but I was wrong. And your reaction tonight, given the glee over at some of the other nets?MIKE DAVIS, ARTICLE III PROJECT PRESIDENT: Today's victory from this partisan, corrupted trial just guaranteed President Trump's election on November 5th of this year. And to President Biden and his Biden Democrat goons who are cheering this, this is a pyrrhic victory for you because you have just guaranteed that President Trump is going to win in a landslide.INGRAHAM: Lee Zeldin, do you agree with that, that this is the straw that broke the moderates back when it comes to supporting Trump? A lot of people, you hear them, I hear them, well, I just don't like him, he's too brash, we don't like his tone, he talks too much about the 2020 election. Whatever it is, they're hesitant to support him.But was this ultimately a major mistake by the left and a huge overreach into really judicial tyranny in an election year?ZELDIN: Oh, absolutely. I mean, there are people who are posting on social media about how they have never voted for President Trump in primaries, general elections, ever, but now they will walk on glass for him.The intensity of President Trump's supporters are the people who have always supported him, now they will support him more than ever. But people who were independent-minded folks who didn't even like President Trump or vote for him in the past said that this was a political prosecution when this indictment first came out a year ago.But then when you see the bias of the judge with the jury instructions, and the fact that we are sitting here tonight and we still don't know what the underlying charges that was allowing President Trump to get convicted, I mean, gosh, this doesn't pass any smell test, you can't spin this right side up.I think that the damage is going to be great. I think it will have down- ballot consequences as well. But my message for anyone out there who might be optimistic as it relates to November is that you need to wake up tomorrow and work harder.You can't take a seat back and say, oh, no, it's all good to go, everything's going to get fixed. No, work harder.INGRAHAM: Mike, do you agree with what Sol said earlier that he doubts that Merchan will really be tough in this sentencing because it would politically backfire to try to hem him in from campaigning, like he's some kind of flight risk, how ridiculous would that be?But do you agree with Sol? I don't have any optimism about what Merchan will do.DAVIS: This Democrat Manhattan judge, Juan Merchan, is corrupt, he's partisan, he illegally donated to Biden's campaign. We just learned that he was reprimanded for that by the New York judicial system. That didn't deter him at all.His daughter, Lauren Merchan, is raising millions of dollars off of this unprecedented criminal trial over which Judge Juan Merchan's presiding. That requires his recusal under New York statute. That's not just me saying that.INGRAHAM: So, you're saying -- so do you think he's going to --I know. But do you think -- we know all that. But do you think he's going to be especially tough in the sentencing, or will he just, a probation without many restrictions?DAVIS: I would not be surprised if Judge Juan Merchan puts President Trump in prison, or at a very minimum, home confinement with very strict probation --INGRAHAM: I agree.DAVIS: -- that hobble Trump's ability to run for the presidency.INGRAHAM: I think I agree with you. Lee, Mike, thank you both. Joining me now, editor-in-chief of The Federalist and Fox News contributor Mollie Hemingway. Editor-at-Large of The Spectator and Fox News contributor Ben Domenech.Mollie, the Trump campaign just confirmed he will attend a fundraiser tonight and saying we're already back to the mission. President Trump will not let this sham stop the movement in this campaign to save the nation.Mollie, how important is it that he wins and wins big in November given what happened today?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: That's the only reasonable response to what's happened today. This kangaroo court conviction is not going to save Biden and it's not probably going to hurt Trump. It might even help him.But what Democrats have done to the country with this lawfare and with running show trials and using courts, abusing courts to go after political opponents, that does real damage to the country.Now, it's not necessarily the end of the world if people fight back against it, but they do need to fight back against it because it is that serious.I don't know if people realize how rule of law is really what has held our republic together, has enabled us to live in peace, and this Democrat assault on rule of law is truly an existential threat to the country.INGRAHAM: Ben, what happens if a critical mass of Americans just no longer believes the rule of law, the justice system means anything anymore? What happens then to our republic?BEN DOMENECH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It's a very dangerous and a very terrible thing to happen for our country, Laura. And I don't want to sound like I'm being a devil's advocate here, but I'm very concerned about the fact that, you know, we've been through all these things in recent years where we thought that Americans would rise up and defend their own freedoms, would speak for their own liberty, especially during the pandemic, especially during the lockdowns, and we were disabused of that notion in a way that I think really depressed a lot of us.I'm worried that in this moment, Americans may not understand the risk that they are entertaining here. If Donald Trump is in any way restrained from being able to campaign by this partisan judge in New York for the presidency, you know, someone who held that office before could very well hold it again is currently the leading candidate.And somehow this New York judge can, by fiat, you know, just imprison him effectively, either within a jail or within his own house, that's something that is unacceptable. It's something that is beyond Banana Republic. It's something that is the laughingstock, not just of the nation, but of the world. We cannot accept it. It cannot happen.INGRAHAM: Mollie, I said Putin's smiling tonight. We keep hearing, we've got to fight Putin. Panetta was on Fox earlier tonight saying, we've got to fight Putin, we've got to beat Putin. I'm sitting here going, is he paying attention to what's happening in New York? Does he even get the parallels here? Come on, Leon?HEMINGWAY: One of those things that we used to think separated us from the Soviet Union is that we didn't do these kinds of show trials. But it does show that there needs to be a very strong response from any Republican leadership that happens to be awake or sentient at this hour, that they need to fight extremely hard and they need to care about rule of law and democracy in this country half as much as they care about it in Ukraine.INGRAHAM: Well, when we look, Ben, at this sweep of history over the last seven or eight years, I really maintain that this is a warning shot that the left is firing across the bow. You try to challenge the establishment and we will take you down.DOMENECH: They have ramped this up to such a degree that I think a lot of old guard Republicans never really entertained. They thought that they could continue in this level of politeness and getting along, having some kind of coming together. Centrism, as they called it.And that simply is not something we can entertain anymore in this current environment. They are trying to jail the current leading candidate for the presidency of the United States of America. That is not something that we can accept on any level, whether we're Republican or Democrat. It is absolutely abhorrent.INGRAHAM: Yeah, here's my question tonight. Liz Cheney, Mitt Romney, Mitch McConnell, all the Republicans, you might not have liked Trump, but do you like this? Is this America to you? Mollie and Ben, thank you so much.That's all for us tonight. Make sure to follow me on social media. I'll be continuing to comment on the events of the day.