KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CO-HOST "OUTNUMBERED": Thank you both. Enjoy your weekend.LISA BOOTHE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Take care.MCENANY: Well that's it for us tonight. I'm Kayleigh McEnany, in for Laura Ingraham.Be sure to catch me on "Outnumbered" weekdays at 12:00 PM. We've got a big week next week on the legal front.Thank you for watching the special edition of "The Ingraham Angle."JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME takes it from here.WILL CAIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to a Special Edition of JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Because the producers of PRIMETIME like to mess with me, I'm going to read the prompter exactly as it is written. I'm Charles Williams Cain, in for Jesse.Well, it was a love fest last night in the Bronx.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Right here in the Bronx.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Who would think? Who would think? This is like a love fest. Love fest.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)TRUMP: It is a love fest. We love you.We're going to renovate New York's subway system so it no longer looks like it hasn't been cleaned since 1932.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They are always going to whisper your accomplishments and shout your failures.Trump will shouts the wins for all of us.TRUMP: That's right. I like those teeth. I want to find out where you did it. I've got to get my teeth like that.It doesn't matter whether you're Black or Brown or White, or whatever the hell color you are, it doesn't matter. We are all Americans and we're going to pull together as Americans.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: Breaking: Donald Trump wants a grill. And he showered the borough of Brooklyn with love and they returned the favor. But none of it surprised the former president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAWRENCE JONES, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You see Black support going up with you, the Hispanic.TRUMP: Yes.JONES: Young people. Like I said, the people who look more like me than you and they say you're different. Why?TRUMP: Because I did things in office that nobody else has done -- criminal justice reform. I did criminal justice reform at a level that nobody thought was possible to do, and I did that largely for the Black and Hispanic community. They're the ones who wanted that.Opportunity zones with Tim Scott. He was so much in favor of it, and it's probably maybe the best economic development package ever for African Americans, for Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans. We did a lot of things that people couldn't believe we were able to get done.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: Well, it did surprise the media though, when they saw Trump in the Bronx when they saw him potentially turn a deep blue New York red.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KRISTEN HOLMES, CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Certainly, a bigger crowd than I think Democrats would like to see, particularly given this is one of the bluest counties in the entire country.MSNBC REPORTER: A lot of the people I talked to were first time voters. Some had never been to a Trump event before, some had voted for Obama twice and voted for Biden and are now saying they are going to vote for former President Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: A Bronxite told PRIMETIME last night that the rally was "a smorgasbord of patriots" of all races and colors.By the way, does this mean that Trump will now win the Black vote? I don't know. Does it mean he can turn it from 90 percent Democrat to 70 percent, which would be significant election swinging significant. But more significantly, it means someone is paying attention to people who have been ignored, people who have been forgotten and jealous Democrats are calling all of that a circus.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): I'll tell you it won't make a difference at all, Jake, and that is for Donald Trump to be the ringleader of -- and invite all his clowns to a place like the Bronx.New York will never ever support Donald Trump for president. We know him better than anyone and that means we understand what he is all about, it is just for himself.So this state will go solidly behind Joe Biden for president as it has in the past. So if he wants to spend his time doing these made up fake rallies and pretending there is support here, be my guest.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: That's right, ignore them. Call them clowns. I guess, that's the new version of if you don't vote for me, you ain't Black.Democrats abandoned the forgotten men and women of the Bronx and now they're name calling them for siding with the man who's doing what they promised they would do and that is to actually listen.From deplorables to now clowns, well, one of those clowns in attendance last night was Congressman Byron Donalds. And Joy Reid says Trump doesn't actually like Byron, he's just keeping around so he can say he has Black friends.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: That guy, the one Black guy that Republicans love to roll out as fake proof that Black people, the Blacks are just MAGA. They're MAGA.It's a joke.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: So they're clowns. They're a joke. And after last night in the Bronx, it looks like Trump has a lot of Black friends.But those Democrats they're even accusing Republicans of the sin they have perfected.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARC MORIAL, PRESIDENT AND CEO, THE NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE: I doubt if Donald Trump's ever been to the Bronx before. I doubt if he will ever come back.This notion of hyping stage craft boys tourism and carnival barking, people need to be aware that it is nothing but drive-by politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: Drive-by politics is the name of the game for Democrats. That is if they drive by at all, and Trump was just in the Bronx, by the way, a few weeks ago, where he was mingling with bodega workers as chants of "four more years" pierced through the air.This is all real. None of this is fake. Trump is building a campaign on positivity. Even in his words, love for every American -- Black, White, Republican and Democrat -- and the only ones bringing negativity are Democrats. It's because their districts and their voters are showering the guy they love with more love than they could ever imagine. And instead of listening, they're just peddling them more lies.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RITCHIE TORRES (D-NY): Well, Donald Trump's presidency was a catastrophe for the rocks. His gross mismanagement of the COVID-19 global pandemic that left the death toll of more than 7,000 fatalities in the Bronx, which is greater than the death count of 9/11 and Pearl Harbor combined.So Donald Trump has brought preventable death and deep suffering to the people of the Bronx. And as I noted, instead of holding a rally, he should be issuing an apology to the people the Bronx for the long and lasting damage that he has done, not only to the Bronx, but to our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: He's right, the Bronx does deserve an apology, but not from Trump, from Democrats who have done nothing but take their vote and give them back broken promises.2024 is the year all of this changes. The writing is on the wall, and even now CNN is admitting it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRY ENTEN, CNN SENIOR DATA REPORTER: Look, this is a very democratic precinct, right? But look at the margin trendline here. You see Obama 94, Obama 96, Clinton 92. Biden won it, but by only 69 points. There's a --KATE BOLDUAN, CNN ANCHOR: What? Only 69 points?ENTEN: Why is that important? Because look at that. That's 23 percentage points less than Hillary Clinton won it by.This is a sign of the Hispanic movement that we saw last cycle.If you look back at Hispanic voters at this point in the 2020 cycle, Joe Biden had a 25-point lead. Look at where that lead is today. It's just seven points. Donald Trump right now at 44 percent, if that held would be the best performance for Republican candidate among Hispanic voters since George W. Bush back in 2004.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: Yes, 69 points, down from 92. It's like, cover your eyes, Democrats. That way, you won't see what's coming.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHANIE RAWLINGS-BLAKE, FORMER DEFENSE ATTORNEY: I think the Democrats ignore Trump Trump's outreach to minority voters at their peril. Trump knows how to trigger people. He knows what speaks to people, what gets them out.Now, I can't say that all of those people are from the Bronx. I'm very suspicious that the majority of those people were voters in the Bronx, but he is doing something that is speaking to the hearts and minds of minority voters, and I hope that Democrats don't put our heads in the sand.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: The visit to the Bronx may just be the beginning of something special.Biden is weak, Trump knows it. In fact, Nate Silver, recently, not exactly a Republican pollster, but Nate Silver recently said they may have to replace Biden as early as August.If Trump keeps hammering these deep blue precincts with speeches like the one he gave in the Bronx, it is going to drive souls to the polls, and it might give us one of the greatest political comebacks in American history.Madeline Brame is a Blexit activist and she joins me now.She was also in the Bronx last night for that rally with Donald Trump.Tell us a little bit about it, Madeline. What did you see? What did you feel?MADELINE BRAME, BLEXIT ACTIVIST: Thank you so much for having me.I'm very disturbed, number one by these comments that these paid, okay, elected officials off of our tax dollar on making towards a whole entire demographic of American citizens.They work for us. We don't work for them. They got it twisted, okay.Yesterday, out in the Bronx. That was electric. There was something supernatural about that whole entire experience, the energy that was in that park of people of all races, all creeds, all religions, all together on one accord and we were happy and we were excited. It was magical.You have to be there to understand and feel the energy. None of those rich people in suits would ever step foot in there. Donald Trump did and we have his ear. He showed us that he cared.CAIN: You know Madeline, they've got away with saying that. They can feel confident because they've gotten away with saying those types of things for half a century.BRAME: Yes.CAIN: They've gotten away with accusing their opponents of racism. They've gotten away with making broken and unfulfilled promises for half a century.Why this time will it be different?BRAME: It'll be different because they fumbled us, okay. Sixty, seventy years of being loyal to a party that has never returned anything to our community. We have gotten nothing but welfare on top of welfare -- crime, dilapidated housing, failing schools, okay? Safe injection sites, abortion clinics, liquor stores, okay? What's the latest thing they put in there? Those legal weed spots.This is all they give us because they think that these are the things that will satisfy and pacify us.Keep all that crap, okay. Make some major investments in those communities and bring some serious jobs. Replace the guns, replaced the drugs with hammers and nails, and drills and steel worker and an iron worker.All right, use those young men who were involved in the criminal justice system to renovate and rebuild that dilapidated housing and pay them good money with benefits so they can take care of their children. all right, and help lift them up out of poverty, all right, instead of enabling the outright just decimation, all right. Make some pathways that will help them avoid incarceration, right?All this crap that they're talking, I've been around a long time, a whole bunch of 24/7s, and I voted Democrat loyally, and they have done nothing.They fumbled. They fumbled the Black vote. They fumbled the minority vote. They fumbled the Democratic vote, and it's no more. It's over.CAIN: Preach. Beautiful. You almost started a sequel to the rally right here on PRIMETIME.Thank you so much, Madeline.Let's bring in Trump campaign press secretary now, Karoline Leavitt. Karoline, great to see you tonight.Tell us a little bit about the strategy. Donald Trump has looked to go into Democratic strongholds, the bluest of the blue and here it is in the Bronx. What's the strategy for the campaign for Donald Trump?KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP CAMPAIGN PRESS SECRETARY: Well, our strategy is to continue playing on offense.President Trump continues to dominate Joe Biden in traditional battleground states such as Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan. We are seeing that across the board poll after poll shows him winning.So we are going on offense in these traditionally blue Democrat states such as Minnesota, such as Virginia, New York, New Jersey -- these are states that are legitimately in play and President Trump is leading the charge by going into these longtime Democrat communities, Democrat-run cities that have been run into the ground by corrupt and disgusting Democrat politicians who have made empty promises and delivered nothing but death and destruction and crime and violence.And President Trump's message of optimism, of hope of making these cities and our country, wealthy and safe and prosperous, again, is resonating with all Americans of all backgrounds, regardless of their race, religion or creed.And so while we play on offense, Joe Biden and the Democrats are on defense. They are panicking. You could see it on the faces of everyone on CNN last night and this morning, and they know that Joe Biden is in serious trouble right now.CAIN: The other thing I would think, Karoline, about going to these areas is you're going directly to the places where democratic policies have been implemented.So all the results, the real world effects of those policies are most acutely felt in these neighborhoods, like the Bronx. So the question is, Karoline, where do you go next?LEAVITT: Well, there -- well, I will let President Trump announce that. We will be going to many Democrat-run cities, especially in battleground states, across this country.And you're right, Will. The citizens in these cities have felt a tangible difference in their lives from President Trump's presidency to now Joe Biden's disastrous and failing presidency, and the message we hear from these residents every single time is that I'm sick and tired of being put last ahead of illegal people who do not deserve to be here in the first place.President Trump will put Americans first. He will provide them with hope and opportunity and jobs. He will secure our southern border. He will demand law and order in our streets.CAIN: Sadly for America, you have plenty of cities to choose from. You can go to Detroit, you can go to San Francisco. Sadly, you can go to any number, any dozens of states across this country.Karoline, we wish you the best of luck. Thank you so much for being with us tonight on PRIMETIME.LEAVITT: Good to see you, Will.CAIN: All right. Illegal aliens, Caitlin Clark, and Stephen Miller ahead on PRIMETIME.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAIN: Illegal immigrants continue to pour through our borders. Getting into the country is so easy for them. They can just call an Uber or Lyft and go wherever they want, literally.This Colombian illegal immigrant grew tired of waiting for Border Patrol in California after he crossed, so he just ordered a Lyft to pick him up and take him away. That makes him a gotaway.National correspondent Bill Melugin is here with the latest.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Will, here in San Diego sector, Border Patrol reports in the last week alone, they've arrested illegal immigrants from 67 countries around the world and take a look at this video here.Right here in Jacumba, this is what it's like if you're driving around on some of the streets. We shot this video showing migrants wandering around aimlessly looking for Border Patrol to turn themselves into after they've crossed illegally.Well, when we shot this, there were no agents around, they were busy elsewhere. So it's unclear if this group was ever even apprehended.We talked to a Turkish man who crossed illegally and he says Americans should be worried about how easy it is to cross the border and the lack of security. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: Did you have to pay a cartel?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: How much?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Around $10,000.00.MELUGIN: Ten thousand?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, in fact, the American people is right. completely true. Who come into this country? They don't know. Okay, I am good, but how if they're not good? How, if they are killer, psychopath else? And no guarantee of that. Like no security -- no security check. No background check.MELUGIN: No security check. No background check. You're worrying about who's crossing the border?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, yes. Now, of course because people are not normal.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And then take a look at this wild footage out of Santa Teresa, New Mexico from a Texas DPS helicopter what you're looking at our Border Patrol agents responding to the border wall out there as cartels, smugglers and illegal immigrants are trying to scale that wall using a ladder system.As the agents are trying to make apprehensions, you'll see guys on the ground throwing rocks and dirt at the agents through the wall, other guys up on the wall throwing bottles down at the agent as they get into a tug of war with those smugglers trying to get that ladder down. That's what agents have to deal with day in and day out.And on top of all of that, ICE confirmed to Fox News that two Jordanian nationals who were arrested earlier this month, trying to breach the Marine base at Quantico are in the US illegally.One of them was arrested crossing illegally here in San Diego sector last month then released into the US. The other was here on an F1 student visa, which expired in January of 2023.ICE says they have no reason to believe either have any nexus to national security concerns.We'll send it back to you.CAIN: Crazy. Thanks, Bill.It's so crazy that the illegal immigrants are looking at the other illegal immigrants and going I don't know about him. He looks crazy. He's not normal. This is crazy.Let's bring in America First Legal founder, Stephen Miller, who is with us now.Stephen, you know, if -- I don't know if it's illegal immigrants kind of doing the thing where hey, I made it through the door, so I want to shut it behind me like everybody understands there's a need, even if you got here illegally to not continue illegal immigration, or if they're looking around at the rest of the people crossing with them going, this is trouble.STEPHEN MILLER, FOUNDER, AMERICA FIRST LEGAL: Oh, it's definitely the second one. Because these are individuals who have traveled with the cartels, the smugglers, the coyotes. They see the criminals and the terrorists and the National Security threats that are crossing through that border, and even though those illegal aliens are law breakers, we don't want them here, even they are horrified by who is coming across that border.Look, Bill Melugin reported that in just the last 24 hours alone, over 3,200 illegal immigrants were freed into the country by Joe Biden. That's enough to fill a midtown skyscraper.Now some of them are going to steal jobs. Some of them are going to steal benefits. Some of them are going to steal public services, but also among those are people who are going to hurt, maim, and possibly murder and rape American citizens.How many times have you heard there was a case in Florida recently, 11- year-old girl kidnapped and raped. Who was charged with it? An illegal alien set free and released by Joe Biden.An autistic young woman in Maryland, beaten to death and raped and murdered by an illegal alien. Who let that illegal alien in? Joe Biden.Laken Riley, the man charged in her gruesome beating and murder, an illegal alien set free by Joe Biden.He is waging war against this country. By any definition, every one of these men, fighting age men at that border could all be deported instantaneously. But he has made a choice, a willful choice to set them free in our country and that all of us suffer the consequences.CAIN: Stephen, I want to ask you, let's keep on the topic of illegal immigration here, I want to ask you about this bill that passed the House of Representatives to keep non-citizens from voting in Washington, DC. It did gain some Democratic support to pass the House. We'll see what happens.We know what will happen, but we'll see what happens in the Senate. But perhaps the most notable thing, Stephen, is how many Democrats voted against this bill. In other words, to allow non-citizens to vote in Washington, DC.You know, Stephen, I know their arguments. Oh, non-citizens voting is not a problem. It doesn't happen. Or all of a sudden they found some kind of newfound religion of federalism. Now, let local municipalities dictate their own future.But I think there's some real insight into their true motivations here in voting against the idea, hey, let's keep non-citizens from voting.MILLER: The vast majority of Democrats voted to let illegal aliens vote in our nation's capital, and most importantly, their entire leadership team and Hakeem Jeffries voted to let illegal aliens vote in our nation's capital. What does that mean? That means that they have the majority, that will be the uniform party position. They won't let any members go to have free votes, they will all vote in unison, uniformly to let illegal aliens vote anywhere and everywhere.And if they have a majority in the House, and they have a majority in the Senate and they have the White House, they will get rid of the filibuster. Remember, Joe Manchin is gone. He was the only one standing in the way, he is retiring. He's gone. They will get rid of that filibuster, and they will make every illegal alien into a full voting citizen.CAIN: All right, Stephen. Always wise. Feel free to get a glass of water. I know you've been fighting that the entire interview, but it did not get in the way of your wisdom. Thanks so much for being with us tonight, Stephen Miller.MILLER: Thank you.CAIN: All right, a Biden judge nominee and their troubling past with trans child rapists. More on that next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAIN: You ready? Let's pull the top off this thing. Let's talk about what no one else will.Here we go: The anti-racist left has found their new target. It is WNBA star, Caitlin Clark. Clark, of course, began her career with the Indiana Fever not long ago. She is this season's highest profile athlete, maybe even the highest profile WNBA player in league history, at least according to ratings.But not everyone is happy about it in women's sports and everyone's not happy about women's sports elevating. Here's "The View's" Sunny Hostin who went on an unhinged rant against Clark and claimed people only care about her, well, not just because she's White, but because she's pretty tall and White.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": I do think that there is a thing called pretty privilege, there is a thing called white privilege. There is a thing called tall privilege.But I do think that she is more relatable to more people because she's White, because she's attractive.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: Pretty? Well, look, I've never heard somebody say Caitlin Clark, Anna Kournikova. And tall? She's a WNBA player. She's six foot, she's actually on the shorter end of players in the WNBA.And then we get to race, Jamel Hill, formerly of ESPN told "The LA Times," Black women are often erased from the picture. There is plenty of room to highlight and celebrate Caitlin Clark's popularity while also discussing ways in which to not erase Black women from a league that they have built and continue to build.So why can't we just be happy for Caitlin Clark's success and popularity? Why so much attention on her race? The attention she has given to women's basketball is helping elevate the sport for every player.But these hate mongers that reduce everything to race always need to tear someone down in order to create their controversy.Barstool founder, Dave Portnoy, he is calling out all of this criticism for what they are, it's racist. He also pointed out by the way, if this was all about Caitlin Clark being White, why isn't Sabrina Ionescu and a whole list of -- Cameron Brink -- a whole list of other White WNBA players achieving the success and popularity of Caitlin Clark?It's because they're not celebrating her because she's White. They're celebrating her because she's the best women's college player in history, and she plays with swagger and she is revolutionizing the game in the same manner of Steph Curry.Unfortunately, for those who understand this and aren't obsessed with race baiting, there's people beginning to speak out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEBRON JAMES, NBA PLAYER: Caitlin Clark is the reason why a lot of great things is going to happen for the WNBA.I'm rooting for Caitlin because I've been in that seat before. I've walked that road before. I hope they -- I hope she kills.CHARLES BARKLEY, FORMER NBA PLAYER: LeBron, you're a hundred percent right on these girls hating on Caitlin Clark. Y'all petty girls. I expect men to be in panic. We are the most insecure group in the world. Y'all should be thanking that girl for giving you all (bleep) private charters, all the money and visibility she is bringing to the WNBA.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: Here's another point, by the way, even if Caitlin Clark's race did contribute to her popularity, why is that "problematic"? It was celebrated when Tiger Woods brought Black popularity to golf, so why is it problematic in reverse? And here's the answer, because there is a growing anti-White racism that's become more prevalent on the left. They are trying to sow racial division where there is none, and the impact goes far beyond the world of sports.Corporations and academia, well, they are racing to embrace anti-White racism under the guise of diversity.A new investigation by "The Washington Free Beacon" has revealed the extreme practices put into place by the new Dean of Admissions at UCLA's Medical School.Her DEI policies are allegedly punishing White students and promoting unqualified candidates in the name of diversity. "Dean Lucero demanded that a highly qualified White male be knocked down several spots, because as she put it, we have too many of his kind already. She also told doctors who voiced concerns, they had no right to an opinion because they were not people of color."This is what happens when you go all in on antiracism. You just end up being a racist.Now, Jeremy Carl is the author of a new book entitled "The Unprotected Class: The Rise of Anti-White Racism and How it Threatens to Tear America Apart" and he joins me now.Jeremy, great to have you on the show. I want to talk about this on two levels, cultural and systemic. When I spend some time, you're pointing out what's going on with Caitlin Clark, we are talking about a growing cultural tide of acceptability of racism when it applies to someone who is White.JEREMY CARL, AUTHOR: No, that's absolutely correct, Will, and thanks for having me on. I think this is one of the really interesting things.There are sort of two different things at play. One is this cultural aspect, where you get all of this hate directed toward people like Caitlin Clark, who, as you noted, I mean, she's just the best of all time, at least at the college level. She plays with incredible swagger. And that's why she's brought attention.But then you also have this formal discrimination going on, like you saw at UCLA Medical School. And in fact, in situations like that, we're going to kill patients, because we're bringing in unqualified doctors, because we can't have White doctors, according to diversity bureaucrats.CAIN: And Jeremy, I will go ahead and tell the audience, now you and I had a long conversation this week we did. We talked about this for an hour this week on "The Will Cain Show," which streams live on the Fox News YouTube channel and Facebook page, and you can subscribe at Spotify or Apple -- and so we spent an hour talking about this, but you laid out for me, like real, concrete ways now, where there is racism baked into the systems of America, whether or not being through government contracts or hiring practices all across the country.CARL: No, absolutely. And your previous guest, Stephen Miller has actually been at the forefront with his group America First Legal in really challenging some of this stuff. I mean, it's been just hiding in plain sight where they're basically -- they have jobs where they're literally like, no Whites need apply or internships. And you can't do that actually, even legally, but the culture has become so systemically anti-White, that like people weren't even challenging it until very recently.CAIN: And the wave of the hand in this conversation, Jeremy is always, well, oh, poor White guy. You've had it so hard in history. But the point I think that you and I both come back to is, aren't we supposed to be judging each other as individuals?Like if there is a victim of being judged by the superficial characteristics of your skin color, isn't that inherently the most -- that's against the very spirit of America, even if we acknowledge America didn't always live up to that spirit, that's the aspirational goal of America?CARL: Absolutely, it is, as Thomas Sewell said, the quest for cosmic justice always leads to kind of greater injustice. This notion that of course, because we had things that were less than perfect in America's past, that we somehow need to kind of put a big elephant on the scale to kind of weigh things in the other direction. It's just not the way we want to do things.We want to aspire to treat everybody, regardless of their race in as fair way as we can, and as honest a way as we can, and treat them as much as we can as individuals. And of course, that doesn't mean we don't see color, but it means as much as possible we are trying to transcend it as opposed to baking it into the cake, which is what our DEI bureaucracy really wants to do.CAIN: Yes, exactly. Wonderfully said.We aspire, we recognize, we don't pretend colorblindness. We recognize the world is reality, and we aspire to move beyond in order to see each other truly as individuals.You laid it out really well in your new book, again, "The Unprotected Class." And Stephen and I had a long conversation once again, go to "The Will Cain Show" on YouTube or Spotify or Apple. And you can check out the argument that Stephen is making, "The Unprotected Class."Thank you so much, Jeremy.CARL: Thanks so much. It's a pleasure to be with you.CAIN: All right, Jeremy Carl.All right, and now Riley Gaines, she is on deck, like the pool like the deck of a pool. She's on deck.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAIN: In 2022, Judge Sarah Netburn recommended that a biological male who identifies as a female to be trained transferred to a female prison, but he wasn't just any male prisoner, he was a child rapist, who pled guilty to sexually assaulting both a little boy and a teenage girl.And now Judge Netburn is up for a federal judge position because of course, her bad judgment in the eyes of Joe Biden is good judgment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): Miss Shelby said, I don't want to go to a male prison. I want to go to a female prison. And the Board of Prison said, what planet did you parachuted in from? You're going to a male prison with this kind of record, and you sent him to a female prison, didn't you?SARAH NETBURN, MAGISTRATE JUDGE FOR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK: I adopted that recommendation.KENNEDY: You said the Board of Prisons was trying to violate Miss Shelby's/Mr. McClain constitutional rights, didn't you?NETBURN: Recommended finding that under Estelle versus Gamble --KENNEDY: Why won't admit that was your ruling? Are you ashamed of it?(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: No one's held up the outright lunacy of this judicial nominee better than Senator Ted Cruz.Democrats are so entrenched in their own agenda, they are willing to sacrifice the safety of individuals to pursue their ideology.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): As this case demonstrates, that you are willing to subjugate the rights of individuals to satisfy your political ideology.So you took a six-foot-two serial rapist -- serial child rapist with male genitalia, and he said, you know, I'd like to be in a women's prison, and your answer was, that sounds great to me.Senator Kennedy is right. This is not a judge's order, this is a political activist.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: The facts are, a Biden-nominated judge granted the transfer of a biological male rapist to a women's prison after all of that was known, but Democrats, they don't like the truth, which is why they tried to shut this hearing down.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MAZIE HIRONO (D-HI): We have been witness to literally not only witness badgering and now badgering of the Chair. Some of us would like to get on with this hearing.KENNEDY: I'm sure you would.HIRONO: And to please -- can we get on with it, Madam Chair?(END VIDEO CLIP)CRUZ: So does every Democrat senator want to cover up the facts here? Has any Democrat senator investigated the direct -- from the witness?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So, can we return to -- Senator, we'll be returning to Senator Padilla's question or we will adjourn today's hearing.CRUZ: You want to adjourn? Go ahead, you can do that. The questions are going to be are you more handsome or beautiful or brilliant.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: . I want to give you your 30 seconds, if you wish, you can yield --CRUZ . and let's avoid the facts.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: They turned this entire hearing into a farce. It was never about upholding the rights of Americans and the Constitution. It was instead about DEI.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. ALEX PADILLA (D-CA): The value not just the importance, but the value of diversity in our Judiciary clearly each bring tremendous both life as well as professional experience, which I think strengthens the Judiciary when more perspectives are considered.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAIN: What about just good judgment?Outkick.com host, ambassador to the Independent Women's Forum and the author of a brand new book "Swimming Against the Current," Riley Gaines joins us now.Riley, great to see you tonight.You know, you often are with me or some other host talking about, you know, trans athletes often in the world of sports. And you and I had a long conversation recently and we talked about this is enabled at the highest levels of pro elite academia and in this case, the justice system, the insanity here coming from a judge.RILEY GAINES, OUTKICK HOST: You're right, Will.This is not only happening in the courts, this is virtually in every realm, so it seems in academia, in corporate America, in our media, which is disheartening to say the least.But yes, let's be very clear. Sarah Netburn is a political activist using her position as an officer of the court to put people at risk in order to advance her progressive agenda.She has no business being a crossing guard, let alone any kind of judge and I applaud Senator Cruz. Of course, Senator Kennedy, Senator Mike Lee had some good questioning as well for saying that so matter of fact, but as you said this judge, she's not a one-off.We have seen federal judges in the Fourth Circuit. We have seen this in the 10th Circuit, not even be able to define the word woman. Heck, we have a sitting Supreme Court Justice, who can't answer the word woman because -- or what a woman is because she claims she's not a biologist.Well, guess what? Well, I'm not a veterinarian, but I know what a dog is. That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. And just very briefly.The scenario that Senator Cruz was describing with this six foot two male entering into a woman's prison, a male convicted of awful sexual crimes. That's not uncommon. It's happening in Indiana, New Jersey, Ohio, Kansas, New York, Texas, California. Of course, in California.Right now in California, there are over 200 male inmates patiently waiting to be transferred into women's facilities. In all women's institutions, they have installed condoms dispensers. Now ask yourself why would they install condom dispensers in all women's prison facilities?CAIN: Right. And, you know, Riley, there's just something uniquely revealing about say a scientist who doesn't understand basic biology, the difference between a man and a woman and a judge who displays such horrific judgment. It's not just that you're failing the basic tenets of the job, it is, you've lost your mind to some new insanity.GAINES: You're exactly right. Seriously, if progressives specifically President Biden and his administration in this case, if they cannot draw a line at a serial repeat rapist and a distributor of child pornography, then there is no line.This is becoming more of a farce, a game of words every single day that passes and I believe it's about time these agenda driven judges are shown that they are not above the law.CAIN: "Swimming Against the Current," it's Riley's new book. You should check it out. At the risk of getting kicked off this program because I say it so many times, Riley and I sat down for an hour this week on "The Will Cain Show."And I'm going to say it here, Riley, the compliments are earned. You're incredibly thoughtful and wise for somebody who's only 24 years old. So check out both if you get the chance. Thank you so much, Riley.GAINES: Thanks, Will.CAIN: All right. I guess Pete Hegseth is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAIN: Young Americans are abandoning key values that have made our nation great for hundreds of years -- faith, family, patriotism seem to be all things of the past. Belief in God, having children and loving our country are all things the current generation seems to despise. The question is why? And is there hope for Gen Z to get it together?The author of the new book, "The War on Warriors" and my "Fox & Friends" Weekend co-host, with a much more celebratory introduction now, it's Pete Hegseth. What's up?PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you, Will. Thank you, Will. What's up?CAIN: Here's the question, as we worry about the future, and we worry about Gen Z. Do they grow up? Do they change? Do those positions and opinions change as they gain some years? Or is this a real fear for the future of the country?HEGSETH: It's a real bad number? It's really bad.Yes, they will change, they will be mugged by reality. They will need to rely on something other than themselves like faith, they'll realize they're fallen and fragile. And there's something more to life than just the material world here.But that number of 26 percent belief in God, Will? I mean, so the boomers just lay down and didn't pass anything to millennials. And the millennials have been casual about thinking their kids will be like their boomers, but they didn't do anything to pass it along. So and here we are at one-fourth of the young kids today don't believe in God.CAIN: Yes, three-quarter don't.HEGSETH: That has generational implications for our nation. Twenty-six percent belief in God.CAIN: Yes.HEGSETH: Thirty-two percent for patriotism, that means your casually passing to your kids while all these institutions, as you know will have been captured. These are really dangerous numbers. I mean, the first thing we should do in a new administration is repent and recognize as a nation, we've lost our way. I am serious.CAIN: I know you are. I know you are.HEGSETH: That's our only hope.CAIN: Well, real quick on that number on the patriotism side, Pete. This is part of what you've discussed in "The War on Warriors."I mean, if you have a nation that doesn't believe in itself, how does it know how to fight for itself?HEGSETH: That's exactly right. I mean, that's concerning for everybody. It's why I wrote the book, "The War on Warriors," is because I signed up to defend a nation I love with a bunch of other guys that love that nation, who were trained in that, steeped in that and then encountered a meritocracy that taught them to fight for that, and right now, not only are we not teaching kids that, but then inside our military, our ranks are filled with the same divisive ideologies.So we're doing DEI and CRT so that White soldiers are looking at Black soldiers differently. And then we've got you know, genderism and you've got electric tanks and climate worship and patriot extremism. Add on top of that, a vaccine mandate that a lot of patriots said, I'm not interested in. It's an unholy mix, that not only is infiltrating our ranks, Will, but it is discouraging those 26 percent of patriots from saying, I'd like my next vocation to be service in camouflage.CAIN: Right.HEGSETH: And that's a real big problem when China is building a military to defeat us.So the book is "The War on Warriors." It comes out in about 10 days. You can preorder it right now.Will, thanks for the time to talk about it.CAIN: Of course, of course.Everyone should get "The War on Warriors."You saw Pete kind of look off camera left when he looked for China. To my camera left, it is over here actually is a gigantic screen of the Wolves and Mavs right now because this has divided the house on "Fox & Friends," which Pete won't be on tomorrow morning because the Mavs are up one nothing and he couldn't face me.HEGSETH: Go Wolves.CAIN: Going into the weekend.HEGSETH: Go Wolves.CAIN: This has divided us. Wolves-Mavs, Minnesota-Texas.HEGSETH: Wolves and six.CAIN: No way. No way. Not in six. I'm not even going to make a prediction because that's how smart I am about sports, but I'll be pulling hard for the Mavs.HEGSETH: Oh, you know you're so confident.CAIN: Pete won't be there, but those four individuals will be there on "Fox & Friends" 6:00 AM tomorrow.Also, catch "The Will Cain Show" at 12:00 every Monday through Thursday, Fox YouTube, Fox Facebook, Spotify, Apple. That's all for tonight.