MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum, and this is the story here in New York City, where former President Trump came into the belly of the beast and told his supporters, which was a larger crowd than people were expecting, we're going to win. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You want to make it big? You had to be in New York. But sadly, this is now a city in decline. And I'm here tonight to declare that we are going to turn New York City around and we are going to turn it around very, very quickly.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Well, I was speaking, of course, to people in deep blue Bronx, a state, in the whole state of New York where a Republican hasn't won in the presidential race in 44 years. Ronald Reagan did it by two percent in 1980, you see the former president throwing hats out to the crowd last night. President Biden won New York by 23 points in 2020. Recent polling shows that his lead in New York now is down to just nine points. So that's why you see Trump fired up and interested in his home state where he was born and raised. Here's some of the coverage of last night's rally. Interesting to hear this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, certainly a bigger crowd than I think Democrats would like to see, particularly given this is one of the bluest counties in the entire country. You have people saying he doesn't belong here, he should get out. But you also had a number of people, voters, who told me that they had supported Biden in 2020. They were very unhappy, particularly with the state of the economy, and they were looking for alternatives, namely former President Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Fascinating. All right, let's bring in our panel: Clay Travis, Outkick Founder; Gianno Caldwell, Fox News Political Analyst; and Philippe Reines, a former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Strategic Communications for Hillary Clinton. I want to start here with just a very quick take, if I may, from each one of you. Your reaction to what you saw last night. I'll go down the row. Clay, let me start with you.CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I thought it was an incredible moment to potentially expand the battleground. Martha, you said minus 23 was the 2020 result. As you mentioned, the Siena poll has him at minus nine. Might not happen for him in New York, but if Trump were to lose New York by single digits, he adds these states.This was the margin in 2020. New Mexico minus 11, Virginia minus 10, New Hampshire minus 7, Minnesota minus 7. That was the results in 2020. If New York is a single digit, we're talking about expanding the playbook and adding at least four more potential states, which is four more pathways to Trump potentially knocking out Joe Biden in 2024.MACCALLUM: Gianno, what was your take on what you saw in the South Bronx last night?GIANNO CALDWELL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, I thought what Donald Trump has been doing has been exceptional. One of the things that I think people have been talking about is don't believe the polls because if it shows them up with black supporters, it's a lie. It's a red herring. They've been saying don't believe the data.Don't believe the people that you see on television that say that they support Donald Trump and they happen to be Black or Hispanic. Well, the numbers don't lie, the data doesn't lie. CNN polling this month showed that Trump was up with Black voters 25 percent from 18 to 49.And when you looked at that crowd, the people that you saw were very young people, Black, Hispanic, and some older individuals as well. But what I'm saying is it's reflected in the data and he should continue to go New York, Chicago, Atlanta, Baltimore. He needs to get out there and build a new bridge for the Republican Party.MACCALLUM: Philippe, if you were working on the Biden campaign and you watched this last night, what would you tell them today about what they need to do?PHILIPPE REINES, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS FOR HILLARY CLINTON: I -- you know, Martha, I hope you know me well enough by now that I try to call balls and strikes there are days that you invite me on that I dread the topic. When it's immigration, I know we're in trouble. There are all sorts of things that I try to put a brave face on, but I admit there are problems.This is not one of them if Donald Trump wants to go someplace where a couple of people a couple of thousand people, I'll grant you that come and want to see what he's like. Some of whom legitimately are interested and are disaffected with what Biden is doing while there are equal number of people a couple hundred people 100 feet away who are yelling at him while he's regaling the crowd about building a ice rink and a golf course decades ago, that's great.And if the only reason he's there is because he's on trial 100 blocks south, have at it. What I would tell them last night is that if Donald Trump wants to go to Chicago and Atlanta and do this kind of stuff, have at it. He lost New York in 2016. He lost in 2020. He's going to lose in 2024. If he wants to lose, run in 2028 and 2032, he's going to keep on losing. This is not the problem. This is not the solution.CALDWELL: I'm really intrigued.MACCALLUM: Yes, go ahead. Gianno, go ahead.REINES: And I'm not dismissing, I'm not dismissing the minority.MACCALLUM: Hold on, let's have a conversation. Go ahead, Gianno.CALDWELL: I'm really intrigued. Have you been around open cans of paint? Because that was a completely delusional statement. What you're saying is not fact-checked. It is not what the data is showing right now. And it's leaked just like you and many members of your party who say that the black voters are out of reach for Donald Trump.Well, what we're saying is something totally different because Joe Biden has jacked up the economy, migrants have come into communities and drained resources, and the fact that the open border, black voters are now asking, are they trying to dilute our votes by bringing all these new people here, as they call them, newcomers? Yes, this is what is going on. You guys need to open up your eyes and see what's right in front of you. Donald Trump is making a real play here.REINES: OK.MACCALLUM: All right, it's fascinating because Clay, you brought up an interesting point. Let me just go around the horn here. Clay, you raised, I think, on Axe, do you think that Biden could go into any deep red county and get anywhere near this number of people to show up, Clay?TRAVIS: I don't think he could. And by the way, this is fun. Great starts on a holiday weekend here. I'm going down, Martha, as soon as I finish this interview, I'm getting in the car with my three kids and my wife. We're driving down to the Florida Gulf Coast, which I think has the best beaches anywhere in the continental United States. It is a deep red area, south of Alabama, right on the panhandle there with Florida. Joe Biden couldn't get 200 people to show up at a rally anywhere along that Florida Gulf Coast.REINES: Clay, you know that's not true.TRAVIS: Biden couldn't go.MACCALLUM: He was in New Hampshire the other day, Philippe, and nobody was there.TRAVIS: You get him to come down. I'll do the opening introduction for him so he can get five people to show up.REINES: 45 percent of Kansas voted for Joe Biden.MACCALLUM: All right, so maybe he should go to Kansas and get people excited. Let me just jump in here, Philippe. You know, one of the things that I noticed that I think is very interesting is that what happened in 2016 was that Trump went places where other people, including Hillary Clinton, wasn't going. He went to the rural areas in Wisconsin and Michigan and Pennsylvania.And I remember, because I covered the race, people saying we haven't had a candidate come here in forever. Nobody cares about us out here in the sticks. I think that's what he's going to do now. He's doing it in places that Democrats take for granted and I think that's why you saw so many people show up last night, Philippe.REINES: Yes, now let me bifurcate before my Twitter feed has the word smuggle over 500 times. There's a difference to what I think last night was a stunt and reading too much into it today and a realignment that has been going on for years, but particularly we're seeing it now.Look, I'm not going to pretend to be an expert, certainly more than anyone else on this panel, about minority voting, but it is clear that it is eroding in terms of support for Democrats. Probably, I think in its simplest terms, because in general, the entire American electorate is coming down to very simple, basic divisions between economy, whether it's working for you or whether it's not.You just see certain groups coming to it slower because they have a certain more affinity or loyalty to one party or the other. That is very serious, and that is going to continue to happen. Joe Biden would go to Panhandle or to Kansas or anywhere and he absolutely would get people there. We all know that.MACCALLUM: I don't know that. Philippe, did you see New Hampshire? Did you see New Hampshire the other night? He went to New Hampshire.PHILIPPE: Let's not go down there.MACCALLUM: And the folks who wrote about it said, is social distancing still going on? Because there's just a few people here and they're all like six feet apart.PHILIPPE: Donald Trump's crowd in 2020 were huge.CALDWELL: Listen, I happen to be an expert. I happen to be an expert on minority voting. I am Black. I know what is being said. And even if you think yesterday's event was symbolic, there's black folks and Hispanic people all across this country who silently support Trump, who are thinking about support Trump. Seeing all of those people there, you've seen rappers and all kind of folks there. And that audience, they're going to say, well maybe I should get out and get vocal.REINES: And there were Black men, there were Black people outside the park that were yelling at them to get out of there because they had four years of Trump and they did nothing for them.MACCALLUM: Everybody -- the people that I see --CALDWELL: And they had four years of Biden --MACCALLUM: OK. You would tell them whatever you want, you know, but they're going to vote, they're going to vote. I'll just say this quickly, I heard from -- I was watching, you know, all the different channels that covers and I heard reporters at a number of channels say, you know, I kind of came here thinking that it was going to be a bunch of so-called MAGA people bused in here, but these people, they're all from the Bronx. And I thought that was very interesting.REINES: Well, I don't think anyone questioned that.MACCALLUM: Well, no, they did. They were like, oh, (INAUDIBLE), oh, they're going to truck people in from outside, they're we're going to talk to actually some folks who were there last night.REINES: I do think there's too much being read into it.TRAVIS: I will also say this --MACCALLUM: Could be, could be, Philippe.TRAVIS: -- you can put side by side the speech that Biden gave to the Morehouse grads, and you compare it to what Trump said in New York City, who is selling American exceptionalism to white, black, Asian, Hispanic people, and who is selling American victimization? I think America's rendering for opportunity and not panel to them, and not --(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: You know what, we're going to have you guys back for a few blocks next time because one block is clearly not enough for this great panel, great discussion. Philippe, thank you. Gianno, thank you. Clay, thank you all. Have a fantastic Memorial Day weekend. Have a good weekend. Great to see all of you. Good luck on the car ride, Clay.TRAVIS: Thank you.MACCALLUM: All right, so wait until you meet the young Republican who's probably listening to this whole conversation and has a few things to say about it. He was instrumental in welcoming Trump to the Bronx yesterday. What he says about that experience, next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ADAM SOLIS, NYYRC BLACK CAUCUS CHAIR: Today's going to be an incredible day because not only is it a history being made today, but an opportunity for the world to see exactly how the Bronx operates and who we truly support. Not only is the Bronx red, the Bronx is deep red, the traditions, the values, the morals, the nuclear family. Everything that we stand for is here today. You know the Bronx is MAGA. You know how we give it up.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We have mobs of migrants fighting our police officers and giving America the middle finger. But we are not going to let this continue.We are going to make New York City great again.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, a little bit more of the speech last night at the rally in The Bronx yesterday evening. Take a listen to what this attendee told Fox last night. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You said that your dad came from Mexico to the United States and he is going to vote for Donald Trump. Why is that?MARCELO BRAVO LOPEZ, RESIDENT, BRONX: When he arrived to this country, he didn't receive handouts in the way that we're seeing, and all these accommodations to the migrants. He came in here, he worked hard, and I think that we need to return back to those principles.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, Adam Solis is chair of the New York Young Republican Club Black Caucus, and co-chair of their Hispanic Caucus, and he spoke at the rally last night helped to organize it.Adam, thank you so much for coming by today.SOLIS: Thank you. Thank you.MACCALLUM: So, we were talking in the break, you said you got to meet former President Trump last night. What was your impression one on one when you talk to him?SOLIS: Well, I think he's a very charismatic individual. I like the fact that he has a tenacious spirit. He definitely makes everyone feel heard and recognized, and I think that's a great quality to have in a president.MACCALLUM: You know, you heard Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, she said, oh, they're just going to bus people in, you know, from other places to make it look like there's people here.And here is the governor of New York, Kathy Hochul. Here is what she said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): I'll tell you won't make a difference at all Jake, and that is for Donald Trump to be the ringleader of a -- and invite all his clowns to a place like The Bronx.He wants to spend his time doing these made-up fake rallies and pretending their supporter here. Be my guest --(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: What do you -- what do you think about that?SOLIS: I think, Kathy Hochul is very disconnected with the sentiment of the community. She might not understand exactly how The Bronx operates, because the Bronx has been embedded with people who believe in the nuclear family, the traditional values, and the fact that we uphold some of the highest morals just because we come from real traditional families.MACCALLUM: So, you know, a lot of people in these group -- in minorities and Hispanics and blacks, we see what's happening with the vote, it's shifting over time.Why do you think that is, and do you think that's real? And do you think it could ever lead to a win in New York for President Trump?SOLIS: I think not only is it real, but I think it's inevitable. So, that right now, the way the climate is politically with regards to my community or any other community that may be marginalized, right? Is that they understand that their communities are not being enriched by the Democratic Party.If anything, they have been ignored. And right now, the only people that seem to be getting enriched are these migrants that are coming in. My family were migrants, way back when they came here the proper way, and they did the right thing so that they can succeed.But if we're going to give opportunities to anyone, we should be able to give it to the people who want to go ahead and contribute to this country the way that they should.MACCALLUM: Did you -- I don't know if you had an opportunity to listen to President Biden speech at Morehouse College. And I know that you said that the historically black colleges, you know, the funding of them, the permanent funding of them was something that really appealed to you under President Trump.But President Biden, you know, spoke at commencement and said, basically, you have to work 10 times as hard to get anywhere than anyone else does, and that the country is essentially, in its underpinning, a racist country.SOLIS: Well, that just goes to show you how primitive Biden truly is. I think racism and its whole is a primitive discussion. The way that they use that to pander to our community to make us feel like woe is me. I think it's very unnecessary.If anything, we should be discussing about the different opportunities and the way that we've created, the infrastructure of this society. I remember watching a video of Donald Trump discussing how the city and some buildings that he were building, the majority of the builders and the construction workers were black and Hispanic people and men. And I love the fact that he's able to recognize that.Biden might not have the, you know, the wherewithal right now to understand even where he is standing. So, I'll just have some -- I have some prayers for him.MACCALLUM: Here is the now President speaking to Charlamagne tha God back during the 2020. This was May of 2020. This got a lot of attention.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Do you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, and you a black.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Remember that?SOLIS: I do remember that. And it was -- it was kind of appalling if you asked me just because for the simple fact, how dare he say someone should vote a specific way by the color of their skin, again, that's a very primitive way of thinking.If anything, we should be looking at policies, we should be looking at the way the resources are going to be allocated in a community. We should not be focused on any type of pandering or any of this racism that he likes to mention all the time. If anything, we should be looking about where is the -- our values are being represented, and who is going to represent them properly.MACCALLUM: Adam Solis, thank you very much.SOLIS: You're very welcome. Thank you.MACCALLUM: Wonderful to have you with us today. And it's a really interesting shift that's happening, and we'll see if it is, you know, if it's a meaningful shift in terms of what happens in the election, but your voice is very important in this conversation. So, I really appreciate you coming by today. Thank you very much, sir.SOLIS: Thank you so much, Martha.MACCALLUM: So, the border crisis, one of the big topics at last night's rally. National correspondent Bill Melugin is live in Jacumba, California. The busiest location, it's all shifted to California now. That's where it is the biggest area where people are crossing illegally, and Bill Melugin is covering it all for us. Hi, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Martha, are CBP sources tell us, in the last 24 hours alone here in the San Diego Sector, they've had to deal with more than 1,000 illegal crossings. And Border Patrol has their resources stretched thin.Take a look at this video. This is a result of that. You drive around here in Jacumba, and this is what you'll see on the streets, migrants wandering around aimlessly after they've crossed illegally.They are looking for Border Patrol to turn themselves into. There is just no agents around, because they are off in other areas, processing more groups. And we'll show you why there is no agents around. Take a look at this video here. Other side of town, this was one of the mass illegal crossings here in Jacumba. People from all over the world spilling in here.This particular group you're looking at, more than 100 people from China, India, Pakistan, Zimbabwe, Cameroon, Georgia, several others. We talked to one guy from the Middle East, he told us he wants to go to New York City and he is not here for asylum.Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pakistan.MELUGIN: Pakistan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: How did you get here? Just crossed the border. I know you cross the border. Where do you fly into how did you get here?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Just I crossed the border.MELUGIN: I know you crossed the border. Where did you fly into? How did you get here?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I came from the Brazil.MELUGIN: From Brazil. OK.Why did you come to the U.S.?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For the job. For the -- for work.MELUGIN: You know it's illegal to come here across the border like this right?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: Not a big deal?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And then, take a look at this remarkable video. Out of Santa Teresa, New Mexico, courtesy of a Texas DPS helicopter what you're looking at, our border patrol agents responding to the border wall and trying to stop cartel smugglers and illegal immigrants from scaling that border wall using a hook and ladder.You'll see some of the agents are being pelted with bottles and rocks and dirt thrown at them. And back out here live. Martha, take a look at these pictures. We were live with you yesterday. You saw those migrants sitting behind us waiting to be picked up by Border Patrol.Some of them got fed up with waiting so long, they called themselves a Lyft. A driver came and picked them up and took them away. They are now presumed gotaways. We'll send it back to you.MACCALLUM: Amazing. All right. Thank you very much, Bill. Bill Melugin in California on the border.And coming up, Trump attorney Will Scharf on the crucial week ahead in the trial of New York V. Trump. What's ahead as they get the jury instructions coming up, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Hunter Biden in court today in Delaware. His trial on gun charges set to get started a week from Monday, and he's trying to keep the jury from hearing "unnecessary, salacious details" in this proceeding.Justice correspondent David Spunt, live at the courthouse with the latest in Wilmington. Hi, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. This lasted about two hours. It was an opportunity for Hunter Biden and his legal team to kind of hash out some last-minute issues in front of Judge Maryellen Noreika, as well as Special Counsel David Weiss and his team.But both sides seem to be pretty much in agreement and are moving forward with that June 3rd trial date.Hunter Biden was here. We have that video of him going into courts. He left about two 2:00 this afternoon. He's charged with lying on a federal gun form in 2018 when he said he was not a drug user.Today in court, the judge ruled Special Counsel Weiss's team cannot mention Hunter's indictment and pending tax case in California. The prosecution also cannot mention his child support case in Arkansas or his discharged from the Navy.Special Counsel also cannot use the phrase, extravagant lifestyle. But Martha, may mentioned some of those large expenses that he's made over the past five or so years. The prosecution not allowed to say that he pleaded guilty last year in court or any statements of the day that the judge tore up the plea deal.Now, that judge presiding over the trial is the same judge who tore up that deal, Maryellen Noreika. She is no nonsense. She wants to get things moving. She also ruled in favor of the prosecution that they don't need to prove that Hunter was on drugs the day he filled out the gun form. But just around that time in general.Hunter's attorney kind of tipped his hat and said that Hunter may have not even checked no on that box and they plan to show a witness there. Special counsel David Weiss was in the courtroom, watching closely. His team will introduce parts of the Hunter Biden laptop as evidence. We don't know which parts.But remember, Martha, this is the same laptop that 51 former intelligence officials touted as Russian disinformation before the 2020 election. It wasn't. I want to point out that this is not 100 percent that this trial happens until it actually starts.Is it possible there's a plea deal? Unlikely because both sides seem to be moving forward, but nothing is final until that jury selection begins in those opening statements begin behind me on the 3rd, Martha.MACCALLUM: All right. Very quick question for you. Did you just say that he may not have checked no, for I don't use drugs on the form?SPUNT: Yes, it's an interesting aspect that Abbe Lowell, Hunter Biden's attorney brought up. So, they plan to bring in one of the men that was working at the local gun shop here in Wilmington, Delaware back in 2018 when Hunter filled out this form.And Abbe Lowell told the judge that it's still up for examination who actually checked the box no. We've seen the document. It's the same color as Hunter Biden signature, the ink is the same color. And I suppose the prosecution is going to say the same thing. But it's possible that that is going to be brought up in some sort of way. The judge seems even a little perplexed by that but it sounds like they'll bring it up, Martha.MACCALLUM: OK. Very interesting point to understand, excuse me. David, thank you very much, David Spunt.So breaking right now, former President Trump calling to end his trial here in New York City on Truth Social just moments ago, "Corrupt, deeply conflicted Democrat-appointed Acting Judge Juan Merchan is doing all he can to further rig the Manhattan sham trial. He is denying me the opportunity to put on a highly respected election law expert, who will once again say that there was no crime." "This judge whose conflicts are completely disqualifying," he goes on to say, "isn't requiring a unanimous decision on the jury on key portions of the criminal hoax which is unconstitutional on an American. The case should be ended immediately charges thrown out," as he go, and he continues there.Let's bring on our guest Will Scharf, an attorney for the former president in his immunity case, also running for Missouri attorney general as a Republican. Will, welcome back to the program. What was that part about the jury doesn't need to have a unanimous decision?WILL SCHARF, TRUMP ATTORNEY: So the way the prosecution is proceeding with this case, they've obviously alleged business records fraud, and they're alleging that that business records fraud was intended to cover up a another felony offense. That's what under New York law turns these offenses for misdemeanors into felonies.MACCALLUM: Right.SCHARF: The judge, based on the instructions that have been agreed on in court, doesn't seem inclined to require that the jury find unanimously what that underlying offense, the offense that the business records fraud was intended to cover up was. We believe that's a mistaken ruling by him under New York law. I think that's a real problem --MACCALLUM: Wait a minute. Hold on. So let me ask you, so is that because the underlying charge is a misdemeanor?SCHARF: It's because the predicate offense I think the judge's argument is that that's not technically an element and therefore does it require unanimity by the jury.MACCALLUM: Wow. I don't know how to do that, yes. I mean, it seems like the whole thing falls apart.SCHARF: I'm a little surprised too.MACCALLUM: Yes. If you can't be unanimous that the first part of this happened, then I don't know how you get to the second part, which was that it was done in an effort to cover up another crime. But you know, good luck to the jury figuring all this out.I thought this was pretty interesting. Jim Comey, who obviously worked as FBI director in the Trump administration before he was fired, said this about what he thinks is going to happen in this case. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAN ABRAMS, NEWS NATION HOST: What do you think is going to happen? I can't imagine they'll be anything but a hung jury but that's just my --JIM COMEY, FORMER FBI DIRECTOR: Actually I have a different take, because there's an overwhelming chance of a conviction, a significant but much smaller chance of a hung jury and zero chance of an acquittal.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: And he said that, Will, because he said that he wasn't even sure if he were in the DA shoes, if -- Bragg, that he would have even brought this case. But he said now that I've seen all the evidence as it has come out over the course of this trial, he said, you know, I think he's going to get convicted.SCHARF: I think Jim Comey has an axe to grind. I think his long history with President Trump is coloring his legal judgment here. There's absolutely no evidence that the underlying business records, fraud, offenses that have been charged here, there's no evidence at all that's been introduced in the trial record tending to show that those actually occurred. There's absolutely no evidence that President Trump did anything illegal here. So I think Jim Comey is letting his biases show. I think that's deeply unfortunate.But we view this as an open and shut case. The prosecution has abjectly failed to meet its burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt the charges in the indictment.MACCALLUM: Well, these jury instructions are extremely important because that's the parameters. I don't have to you have what this jury is going to consider. And there's all kinds of stuff that he, Merchan, is still deciding on with regard to whether or not he will tell the jurors that the federal election law needs willful violation, because the crime of falsifying business records is elevated to a felony only when it's done to conceal and other crimes.So this is -- I know it's confusing, everybody. It's confusing for all of us but this is very important. The establishment of what the first crime and the larger crime actually are in this case, and what the jury needs to be told about how they should look at that. Will, thank you very much. We'll see you next time.SCHARF: Great to be with you. Thanks for having me.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much. So still ahead this hour, Riley Gaines on the debate over family first as Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce has now weight in on what he thinks about the commencement speech given by his teammate Harrison Butker.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRISON BUTKER, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS KICKER: Some of you may go on to lead successful careers in the world, but I would venture to guess that the majority of you are most excited about your marriage and the children you will bring into this world.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right. Well, an American dad will spend the Memorial Day weekend with his family after facing 12 years in prison in Turks and Caicos for having ammo in his luggage. For other Americans, though, are still there and they're facing the same sentence. State Department and foreign policy correspondent Gillian Turner reporting live from the State Department Hi, Gillian.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Well, Bryan Hagerich could very well have faced 12 years behind bars as you mentioned, or even more, but instead he is being set free by the Turks and Caicos government and being asked to pay a fine of $6,700.It's a tremendous relief we're learning more now for his family, for the State Department as well. Rep. Guy Reschenthale, who represent Hagerich in Congress, tells us, "While I'm overjoyed to see Bryan Hagerich will be returning to Pennsylvania and returning -- reuniting with his wife and two children, this terrifying situation should have never happened to him."Senator John Fetterman, who was in Turks and Caicos meeting with government officials last week, thanks the State Department for the outcome saying they recognized that Bryan and the other detained Americans are not gun runners. They're just people who made a mistake.Now, Hagerich himself echoed that very same claim right here on Fox News back when he was first attained.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRYAN HAGERICH, DETAINED IN TURKS AND CAICOS: I'm a human, we're all humans. I made a very honest mistake. I had no intention. I had no knowledge that that ammunition was in my check baggage. And, you know, it's -- I don't see where the punishment fits the crime here.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Bryan right now is just one of five Americans detained in Turks and Caicos facing similar charges. The Secretary of State insists that getting all these folks home is a top priority.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANTONY BLINKEN, SECRETARY OF STATE: -- Americans home from all over the world and it's our number one priority. So I will apologize to no one, well, for the efforts that our people make every day to help Americans who are in jeopardy anywhere around the world.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Tyler Wenrich of Virginia is up next. He has a sentencing hearing in Turks and Caicos next Tuesday. Bryan, meanwhile, is going to be returning to US soil, we are learning, tonight. Not that far after 9:00 PM, Martha. So some great news for that man.MACCALLUM: Yes, great news for them. We hope to get the other ones home soon. Gillian, thank you very much.So Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce, you might know the woman he's kissing, that will be Taylor Swift, broke his silence on his teammate Harrison Butker's strong stance on family first.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRAVIS KELCE, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS STAR: I can't say I agree with the majority of it or just about any of it outside of just him loving his family and his kids. And I don't think that I should judge him by his views, especially his religious views of how to go about life that's just not who I am.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK. So what does Riley Gaines think about Travis' reaction to all of this and more when we come back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: OK. This news is just breaking, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin transferring power to his deputy so that he can have a medical procedure tonight. The Pentagon says it is an elective non surgical procedure related to his previous bladder issue but not connected to his prostate cancer diagnosis. The Pentagon says it notify the White House and Congress, often apologize for keeping another hospital stay secret in January after complications from surgery to treat the cancer today. The Pentagon reiterates that his prognosis is "excellent."And Travis Kelce weighing in on his teammate, Harrison Butker's commencement speech at a Catholic college. Critics calling Buckers comments about women and motherhood sexist. We'll play for you exactly what he said in a moment but first, here's Travis Kelce on the podcast that he co-hosts with his brother Jason. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KELCE: He is every bit of a great person and a great teammate. He's treated friends and family that I've introduced to him with nothing but respect and kindness, and that's how he treats everyone.When it comes down to his views and what he said at the St. Benedict's commencement speech, uh, you know, those are his. I can't say I agree with the majority of it or just about any of it outside of just him loving his family and his kids. And I don't think that I should judge him by his views, especially his religious views of how to go about life. That's just not who I am.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK. So what do you think about that reaction? Let's bring Riley Gaines, host of the "Gaines for Girls" OutKick podcast and an OutKick contributor, Independent Women Forum Ambassador and the author of "Swimming Against the Current." Riley, great to have you here today.What did you think about Travis Kelce's response to all this there?RILEY GAINES, "GAINES FOR GIRLS" PODCAST HOST: Well, thank you, Martha, for having me on. And I'll tell you, I thought Kelce's response was perfect. It was a breath of fresh air actually. He's right when he says that he doesn't have to agree with Harrison on everything. Actually, what he said is he doesn't really agree with him on anything that he said in his commencement speech. But he still can respect his beliefs and his values.And that's what Americans do, or at least that's what historically Americans have done. And that's what makes this country the greatest country in the world. And one other thing that I loved is that Kelsey spoke to his character as a person and as a teammate, which is something that the media has not done. They have vilified Butker. They have made them out to be this awful person, a sexist who embraces dangerous and harmful ideologies, so it's great to see his teammates defend who he is as a person. I think it speaks to their team culture, which is certainly a large contributing factor I would imagine to their success as a team.MACCALLUM: So let's hear a little bit about Jason Kelce, who used to play for the Eagles. He's retired now had to say about all this in their conversation. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON KELCE, FORMER PHILADELPHIA EAGLES CENTER: I don't think we have enough people talking about the foundations of families and the importance and the seriousness of parenthood. If you are going to embark on being a parent, I do think it needs to be the most important thing in your life. If your kids are not the most important thing in you and your wife's life, you are failing in my opinion.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: You know, Riley, I think this has really provoked a lot of conversation that needs to be had. And I would imagine that, you know, 40 years ago, lots of graduation speeches said to young women in the audience, you know, look, everyone tells you have to get married, everyone tells you have to have a family, but you need to do what's best for you professionally, right?And that was the big message for many, many years. And I think in a way, this is about the pendulum, you know, that maybe we need to do a little bit more of thinking about what is foundational to society, as Jason brings up there. What are your thoughts on that?GAINES: No, I totally agree with you. And the bottom line here is that Butker is a devout Catholic. He was delivering a commencement speech at a Catholic University to a bunch of Catholic graduates. I've really been perplexed as to how this has managed to get the backlash that it has and the coverage that it has for nearly two weeks now. So I agree with you.I think it speaks to how the pendulum has swung. I think both of the Chelsea's responses and now Andy Reed, the coach of the Chiefs, we have seen Patrick Mahomes come out and defend Harrison Butker, I think it's a clear indicator of why sports and politics shouldn't intersect in the way that they have, whether it's this issue or the trans issue, or BLM, or kneeling for the anthem, or what have you.Politics in its nature is divisive but sports isn't meant to be. Sports are meant to be unifying. It's where you go to abandon identities and viewpoints, and you work together to accomplish your goals. So all that to say, I'm encouraged to see his teammates come out in support of him.MACCALLUM: Yes. It's a very different reaction that we got to some things that got people canceled very quickly a while ago. So let's hope that we're kind of that pendulum is swinging a little bit too, in terms of listening to people who have different viewpoints. Riley Gaines, always good to see you. Congratulations on the book. Thank you so much.GAINES: Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: You bet. So. Dr. Nicole Saphier on a new surge, I mean, it's been happening for a while but it's really getting out of control in nationwide marijuana use youth and what it means to America's youth.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: It's the first and I'm not sure it's a good one, marijuana topping alcohol when it comes to people using it daily or almost every day in the United States. Pot skyrocketing 269 percent from 2008 to 2022, booze dropping 7 percent during that same time according to a professor at Carnegie Mellon University.Let's bring in Dr. Nicole Saphier, MSK Cancer Center and Weill Cornell Medical College Associate Professor and Fox News contributor. You see that chart of what is happening in the country. And obviously during that period, we had so much legalization of pot all across the country, Dr. Saphier. What do you think about this?NICOLE SAPHIER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, Martha, this survey comes over several decades looking at 1.6 million people. And while more people still consume alcohol, what we're looking at is the high frequency drinking compared to high frequency cannabis use. And what the data is starting to show is the rise in cannabis use, the high frequency cannabis use is largely being driven by the younger populations, the Gen Zers, and also the fact that 73 percent of all Americans live in a state where cannabis is now legalized.You know, we try to compare and contrast cannabis to alcohol. The reality is there's no safe amount of either of them. They both have mind altering effects, and physical and mental consequences. The thing though is, with alcohol, we have decade's worth of research. It's well-documented, the short and long term consequences of alcohol. When it comes to cannabis, we don't have nearly as much research. We had a big paper come out in 2024, showing a 25 percent increased risk of heart disease and above 40 percent risk of stroke in regular cannabis users.There's also data showing that the younger adolescents young adults, it really can affect their brain development impair their memory, brain development and also impulse control. So for me, it's a little scary with the increased use of cannabis because we don't have that information.One thing that Biden administration is doing right now, they have recently submitted to change cannabis from being level or controlled substance one, which is like heroin or LSD where there's no medical use for it to controlled level three. Now, controlled level three will allow more research and funding to really know the effects. But if more people are using it, we're going to see those consequences and I hate that we have to wait for data when we're already going to see people having that.MACCALLUM: Right. It's a great point. I mean, I was talking to former US Representative Patrick Kennedy yesterday who's written a new book called profiles in mental health courage. And he talks to all about addiction in this book. And I said, you know, when we have such an increase in addiction, and the ramifications of it across the country all the time, why are we making pot more and more legal everywhere. And I asked him what he thought about that, here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PATRICK KENNEDY (D), FORMER RHODE ISLAND REPRESENTATIVE: There's a big difference between decriminalizing and keeping people from going to jail because of an untreated addiction, than to commercialize which is allowing a new big tobacco. In years to come, Martha, we're going to look back and say how in the world, why did we let this happen to our country.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Do you agree?SAPHIER: I mean, it's a great point. And the reality is, it's a misconception that cannabis isn't addictive. It absolutely is. The United States, Americans were addicted to a lot of things, whether it's legal, illegal drugs, social media, we have to get back some of these substances that are altering our brains. And we have to focus on what really matters. You know, I talk about all the time, faith, family and friends, everything else is really a distraction.MACCALLUM: Yes. And there are more and more reports, we can just put these headlines up on the screen real quickly, we're out of time, but about teenagers being taken to the hospital after field trips at school. Teachers reporting that kids are, you know, eating gummies and they can't concentrate in their classrooms. This is what they're up against trying to catch up from COVID.Dr. Nicole Saphier, author of "Love Mom," a wonderful book that I was -- we're happy to take part of. Thank you very much, Nicole. Good to see you.SAPHIER: Thanks.MACCALLUM: So that is "The Story" this Friday. Have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend. "The Story" goes on. That new episode with Patrick Kennedy on the "Untold Story" podcast is available now. I hope you'll check it out. Enjoy this weekend with your family. And remember, our veterans who made the ultimate sacrifice to ensure our freedom. We'll see you back here next week.