LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, Raymond --RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, why not?INGRAHAM: Great to see you. Yes, why not?All right, that's it for us tonight. Make sure to follow me on social media. I had a little trouble getting to Texas yesterday. You may have heard. Well, it was great being on with Judge Jeanine.Remember, it is American now and forever and Jesse takes it from here.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: What's happening here is weaponization at a level that nobody has seen before ever.Mother Teresa could not beat these charges.WATTERS: The Trump verdict could be any second.SEAN "DIDDY" COMBS, RAPPER: I take full responsibility for my actions. I was disgusted then when I did it. I'm disgusted now. So sorry.WATTERS: The P Diddy grand jury is here.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: On Memorial Day, I proudly stood with a Black man.WATTERS: Biden fights the black Exodus with Elmo.BIDEN: I mean, can you fathom that?WATTERS: Plus --("SEINFELD" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)GEORGE COSTANZA, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: I'm a man. Jerry, I'm a man.WATTERS: The trial for a crime Democrats can't name is now in the hands of a liberal Manhattan jury. How does Trump think this whole thing's going?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Mother Teresa could not beat these charges.These charges are rigged. The whole thing is rigged. You have a trial like this where the judge is so conflicted he can't breathe.He's got to do his job, and it is not for me, that I can tell you. It's a disgrace.And I mean that, Mother Teresa could not beat these charges.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Four-and-a-half hours, this jury has already deliberated longer than the O.J. jury, but Biden must be happy because that's four-and-a-half hours that Trump can't campaign in the Bronx.The jury resumes deliberations tomorrow at 9:30, and like the rest of us, they're confused. They asked Judge Merchan to reread them what the case was about and Judge Merchan finally told the jury what the crimes were. Are you ready?There's three: A federal campaign violation, the creation of false records, and a tax violation.Now, we knew about the false records charge although I didn't know how marking legal expense for paying lawyer is a crime. Tax violations? First time I'd ever heard anything about taxes. And the old campaign finance violation, and now we know the specific charge. I'll read it. It's a violation of New York State election law to conspire to promote the election of any persons by unlawful means. It's a misdemeanor.And by the way, Bragg has to prove that Trump knew he was breaking election law. Now in 2016, Trump was a first time politician, he didn't know election law, and if silencing bimbo eruptions is illegal, you'd have to throw Bill Clinton's entire campaign in prison.Trump was going to call a witness to say this wasn't against the law, the judge wouldn't let him. So listen to what the judge told the jury.The jury gets to pick what crime Trump is guilty of. The 12 jurors don't even have to agree on which three charges he is guilty of. It can just be one, or any one, two, three charge combination and the judge considers that a unanimous verdict, convicted.It is like a crime buffet. Twelve jurors can go to the buffet, each eat different things. One juror just gets a salad. The other jurors get meat and potatoes. Other jurors get salad, meat and potatoes. All they have to do is agree on that their meal was delicious, even though they didn't even taste everyone else's food.Fill your plate with misdemeanors, whatever you want, and we'll call it a felony. This is the first time we've ever seen a case like this in the history of the American legal system and three non-unanimous misdemeanors make a former president a convicted felon.Now, it's not like they found Trump with gold bars in his closet like Gold Bar Bob. It's not like Trump filmed his crime spree like Hunter. If I don't understand it and our lawyers don't understand it, how do you think the jury feels?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID OSCAR MARKUS, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: The jury must be overwhelmed. I mean, to have all of these instructions, just read to them without them getting a copy is going to be overwhelming for them. And also, it's crazy that the lawyers were not able to discuss the constructions in their closings yesterday. They weren't able to do that yesterday, which I find bizarre.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The judge sent 12 Manhattan jurors to deliberate on the fate of the former president with a new crime and no guidance. A couple of these jurors went in there admitting they don't like Trump. How are they supposed to be fair if the crime isn't clear? You can't. That's the point. It's all emotion.This case was designed to be confusing. It's why they made it about sex and the election and never touched on the actual law. It played right into the jury's biases and stereotypes. Dismissed jurors were telling us this weeks ago, remember?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)YASMIN VOSSOUGHIAN, MSNBC: Do you feel like the people that you were speaking with in that jury room that you sat with all day on Tuesday that they can put together a fair and impartial jury because of that sense of duty. Do you think that's possible?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm not sure about that.VOSSOUGHIAN: Really? Why?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You know, everybody has biases and you know, stereotypes in their minds.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The jury has two lawyers on it who work in Manhattan corporate law firms with DEI all over their websites. They know the charges are Frankenstein, they went to law school, they know better. But what do you think happens if they find Trump not guilty and show up to work next week? Corporate law firms in New York City are about as a political place as you can work, outside of politics.These types of firms all work for and donate to Democrats. Their reputations and their careers are in jeopardy. So is everyone else's inside of the courtroom.If Bragg fails, his career is over, maybe he lands at MSNBC, maybe. If Judge Merchan guides the jury to a conviction and he is overturned on appeal, Democrats don't care. He doesn't care. It's after the election.Merchan will be a hero in liberal law circles and his daughter, a Democrat consultant will get filthy rich.There is something very fishy about how Judge Merchan came to preside over this case. There are 24 sitting judges who were supposed to be randomly selected from to take this case. Judge Merchan wasn't even on the list of judges. He is an acting judge, and he's not just a Biden donor. Judge Merchan donated to the Progressive Turnout Project and to an organization called Stop Trump, and he never recused himself.Judge Merchan was allegedly randomly selected for the Trump hush money case, the Trump Organization fraud case, and for the Steve Bannon case. This is almost statistically impossible that an acting judge not within the pool of sitting judges, who happens to be a Stop Trump donor is randomly selected to all three of these Trump cases within the same year.It is probably another conspiracy theory, just like the resistance left fell in love with Fauci, Mueller and Avenatti, they now have a man crush on Merchan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW WEISSMANN, MSNBC LEGAL ANALYST: With respect to Judge Merchan, I mean -- I am -- I am like now, you know -- I feel like a man crush on him. He is such a great judge that it's hard to see that the jurors wouldn't have the same impression. And he's just -- you just keep on thinking if you looked in the dictionary for like the judicial temperament, that's what you get.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Judicial temperament, he kicked everybody out of a courtroom so he could yell at a defense witness who rolled his eyes and then threatened to throw the former president of the United States in jail for talking.The judge is throwing a tantrum inside the courthouse and the sitting president sends actors to throw tantrums outside the courthouse.He let a porn star suggests she was sexually assaulted and then told the jury, oops, pretend you didn't hear that. And then let Michael Cohen sell the jury anti-Trump t-shirts from the witness stand.No one knows what the heck is going on.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The confusion is nobody knows what the crime is because there is no crime. Nobody knows what the crime is. The DA didn't name the crime. They don't know what the crime is. That's what the problem is.It's a disgrace. This thing ought to be ended immediately. The judge ought to end it and save his reputation.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The defendant has a constitutional right to know the crime he is being charged with. You can't tell him on the last day and you can't tell the jury the crime on the last day either.And if the judge, witnesses, and the crowd can't control their emotions, how can we expect the jury to put their emotions aside and use reason to decide this case?Fox News legal editor, Kerri Urbahn here.Kerri, what happened towards the end of the day?KERRI KUPEC URBAHN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL EDITOR: It was a draining long day and then at the very end of it, we learned that in New York State, the jurors are not given the jury instructions to read for themselves, which means that if they have any questions at all, we all have to sit there so the judge or the court reporters can reread all of it again.So this comes at the end of the day where we sat this morning for an hour and 40 minutes, where Judge Merchan spoke very slowly and very softly. It was hard to even keep your eyes open, and I'm thinking to myself, I'm a lawyer. I've been following this for how many weeks, how in the world is the jury retaining all of this information? The crimes, the elements and all of that, and so to go back into a room and say all right, now that we have that in my head, we can decide whether the former president of the United States should go to jail or not.WATTERS: You're saying the judge gave the jury instructions for an hour and 40 minutes?URBAHN: Yes, he read them.WATTERS: You know when your husband or wife tells you something to do and it's like 30 seconds later, and she's like, I need you to get this for me. And then you get -- I need to write this down.An hour and 40 minutes?URBAHN: It was something like that. It was something up there. And so you can imagine how we all felt, and I don't blame the jurors on this. I don't know how it would be possible for any human being to retain all of that information just by listening.So we get to the very end of the day, and we get two notes from the jury. One is they want to hear some of the testimony from previous weeks from David Pecker and Michael Cohen, which apparently is about 30 pages, and according to the court reporter is going to take, that alone -- that's going to take 40 minutes to read.WATTERS: Oh, they can't take the transcripts back.URBAHN: Nope. They can't. They don't take that either.WATTERS: They have to be read the transcripts.URBAHN: Read to. Yes.WATTERS: And they have to, I guess, take notes.URBAHN: Yes, they can take notes. So tomorrow, what we're doing is we're literally going to do tomorrow morning, exactly what we did this morning, where we will sit through all of the jury instructions read again and then 30 pages of testimony that we've gotten over the previous weeks.WATTERS: And Trump can't campaign.URBAHN: And he has to sit there the whole time. So even this afternoon, the jurors were allowed to leave. And the judge met with the lawyers and we were all allowed to watch this, to decide which portions of the transcript would be relevant, and that's an important discussion. Trump couldn't even leave for that.WATTERS: He can't even play golf and get a phone call. The verdict is in and just drive right back to New York.URBAHN: No. It is a crazy rule in the New York.WATTERS: All right, that is absolutely crazy.Kerri Urbahn, thanks as always.URBAHN: Thank you.WATTERS: Former federal prosecutor, Jay Town joins me now.So Jay, this judge donates to an organization Stop Republicans, donates to Biden, the Biden campaign is paying his daughter, he doesn't recuse, and then confuses the bejesus out of the jury for an hour and 40 minutes and they have no idea what the case is or what the crime is. Other than that, how's everything going?JAY TOWN, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Well, the Merchan world is going perfectly well. I agree with what Kerri said. I don't blame the jury here.Look, I've had my fair share of jury trials. I would tell you that Andrew Weissmann who has a man crush on Judge Merchan, I've had scores more than Andrew Weissmann, and never in all of my trials did a jury come back in three hours and ask the judge, hey, can you repeat everything that you just said in the last hour for an hour and 40 minutes?WATTERS: It never happened.TOWN: It is because, well, it's never happened. And maybe on day three, but not on hour three and sort of like Alvin Bragg's suits, there is just a lot of material. And they can't keep up as they are, you know, trying to sort of absorb the law, which is the most important part of the trial in many ways because they have to apply it to the last five weeks of facts that Judge Merchan allowed, you know, two weeks of evidence to be crammed into five weeks is an amazing pace that he took in his courtroom as an acting judge.So it really isn't the jury is fault. I am glad though, that they're being diligent, that they're asking questions, that they're taking whatever steps they need to take to be a good diligent jury.And Jesse, I disagree with the president on this, that Mother Teresa, maybe can't get an acquittal. But I think Mother Teresa can definitely get a hung jury because these charges are so confusing, because there is no crime.WATTERS: All right, and isn't it illegal to sandbag the defendant with the crime on the last day? They just invented this theory where you can choose from a list of three, not be unanimous, and that's how you get a conviction of a former president? When has that ever happened before?TOWN: Well, to your latter point there, this is the first trial and prosecution of a former president of the United States in this is it, like America, this is what was brought. These are the charges and we're just learning of what the criminal theory is on Day 35.WATTERS: Yes.TOWN: And so I think that what I would say about the charges about Judge Merchan is that his permissive bias has been on display throughout and he really needed to recuse himself at the beginning and we're seeing why now.WATTERS: Mother Teresa, she could get a hung. If she could get hung, maybe Trump could in Manhattan. We will see how it shakes out. Thank you so much, Jay.TOWN: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Democrats woke up this morning and realized the trial has backfired and now they're begging for it to end.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONNY DEUTSCH, MSNBC: I am waiting for it and to be honest with you. I want Trump back on the campaign trail. I actually think if he is convicted, it helps a little bit on the margins, tiny, tiny bit.I think if he's found not guilty I think that's more of a benefit for him than if he's found guilty for the other side. I just do. I want it over.I just think -- I don't think the country cares about it. I think the country cares about inflation. They care about abortion. They care about democracy. They care about the war in Gaza.I just think we're talking to ourselves a lot here. I'm not saying it shouldn't have been brought. I want it over.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Trump campaign press secretary, Karoline Leavitt is here. Karoline, why do you think they want it over so quickly if for the last year, they've been trying to get this guy tied down in court?KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP CAMPAIGN PRESS SECRETARY: Be careful what you wish for, Jesse. This is a classic example of that.I'm not sure when the Democrats are going to realize, do not underestimate Donald Trump. He will fight through everything. He fought through two hoax impeachments. He fought through the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. He's fought through endless investigations into his family, into his business, and to himself as president.Now as a candidate, they have confined him to this courtroom for six weeks, and he is stronger than ever. I was with a guy all day today. He's in great spirits. Why? Because he knows he ultimately has the truth on his side and he is going to be vindicated, and the Democrats know that, too.They don't have a case. They don't have a crime. They concocted this entire trial to put it on in the media capital of the world here in New York in an attempt to weaken him ahead of the election and it is not working, just look at the polls.WATTERS: Does the Trump campaign believe that a conviction as ridiculous as it would be would hurt the campaign in any way?LEAVITT: We actually put out a new poll today that shows that the majority of Americans will not be swayed by this trial. They already aren't.More than half of the country views this as a political hit job, which is exactly what it is. And like I said, with every indictment, with every impeachment, Donald Trump has only grown stronger, and this game is not going to be any different.WATTERS: He says that success is the best revenge, but let's say he does win re-election this November. Will there be any revenge directed at the people that put this hoax case together?LEAVITT: Well, certainly people need to be held accountable for the crimes that have been committed over the last several years that we've seen them lie. We've seen them abuse our justice system. We've seen Joe Biden target innocent Americans across this country, such as the protesters on January 6th who they've thrown in the Gulag in Washington, DC. President Trump said he will pardon those protesters on day one of his presidency.Yes, justice needs to be served for the good-hearted Americans across this country who want to see an equal application of the law and this trial proves we don't have that in America right now.WATTERS: All right, Karoline Leavitt, thank you so much.LEAVITT: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: BLM Elmo, Diddy, and the Swamy, ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The Biden campaign is in deep trouble with Black Americans and they're blaming the media.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL TYLER, BIDEN CAMPAIGN SPOKESPERSON: We're operating in an incredibly fractured and fragmented media environment and you still have a lot of young voters in particular, who have not yet tuned in to the presidential election.Some campaigns have done in the past to reach out to Black voters, young Black voters in particular, but using every tool at our disposal right now to do so.And frankly, despite what Trump and his team say, this is the only campaign that is actively and aggressively doing that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The only thing Biden aggressively pursued is DEI. Populate the administration with Black faces, but punished Black America with Bidenomics.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm proud to have the most diverse administration in history that taps into the full talents of our country. It starts at the top with the vice president.On Memorial Day, I probably stood with a Black man, the highest order, the first Black Secretary of Defense.Because you voted, I was able to keep my commitment to appoint the first Black woman on the United States Supreme Court.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)BIDEN: And I appointed more Black women in the Federal Circuit Courts than every other president in American history combined, every single president combined.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)BIDEN: They're trying to erase Black history. We're going to write Black history.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Black Americans care more about inflation, immigration, and crime than diversity, equity, and inclusion. Biden can't comprehend that. So he dusted off Kamala for the first time in months and held a joint campaign event at a Black Philly charter school with Black Elmo.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: Phillies Elmo's claim to fame, dancing in front of a dumpster fire -- fitting.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: Today was supposed to be Joe's big rally for Black America, instead, he failed to fill a kids' gym.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Trump is trying to make the country forget just how dark and unsettling things were when he was president, but we'll never forget, lying around and -- and -- it was him lying around actually.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Black, White, Hispanic -- nobody can figure out what he is talking about, except for "The View" WHO thinks Trump's the one who has trouble with words.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": The man is competent, alert and doing the job and it is not about his age. The other one is doddering and doesn't remember anything, and can't put a sentence together and has like brain farts in the middle of his paragraph.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And now prominent Black voices are backing away from Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, "THE BREAKFAST CLUB" HOST: If I was President Joe Biden, and you know, I was getting the backlash that I was getting from Morehouse students, I would have talked with them, not to them.I want to have a conversation with them and I want to see what they're really frustrated about. I want to talk to them about the things that I know are bothering them.I think that would go way farther than what he did and these kids are brilliant. Like these kids, you know, they care about actual issues.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: This has been the left's strategy for decades, pander every four years, blame racism, and lie.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: What do you think would happen if Black Americans are storming the Capitol? I don't think he'd be talking about pardons because the same guy wanted to teargas you as you peacefully protested George Floyd's murder.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Blexit activist Madeline Brame joins us now. So you were at the Bronx event with former President Trump?MADELINE BRAME, BREXIT ACTIVIST: Yes.WATTERS: Why were you there?BRAME: I was there number one, to speak; and also, to get the crowd motivated.WATTERS: Yes.BRAME: All right, yes, yes. It was electric. It was magical. It was some event.WATTERS: So when you see Joe Biden out there saying this, that, and the other thing, does that sink in with Black voters?BRAME: You know, just sitting here listening to that, I feel like vomiting. You know, for the simple fact that, you know, it's so insulting, and so racist for every other word to come out of his mouth -- Black this, Black that, Black this, Black that -- like, the only reason why we made these so- called accomplishments is because of the color of our skin.It has nothing to do with our intellect, it has nothing to do with the merits of nothing. It's only because we're Black that these things are happening. He is so insulting.WATTERS: And he's saying that the reason you're being chosen to fill out his administration is because of the color of your skin.BRAME: Exactly. You know what? It's not going to fly. It's not. It may fly with a certain segment of, you know, the African American or poor minority community, we need to put that in perspective.Poor minority means Black, White, Hispanic, Asian, Jewish, Italian -- all of us, that's the way I like to frame it. Right? I don't like to just pinpoint Black people. Right? Because it's insulting, all right, and it's disrespectful, and everything, you know, based on the color of our skin, you know, I don't think he's going to play with black people.WATTERS: You're saying it's an economic argument that he should be making.BRAME: Absolutely.WATTERS: And all he is talking about is patronage.BRAME: It is the color of our skin. You know, many of us work, you know, work hard every day. And when Trump was in office, our paycheck would last us at least paycheck to paycheck, right, and we still had a couple of dollars left over to save, maybe go on a vacation.We certainly didn't have to worry about not having food in our refrigerator. The same salary, the inflation has gone through the roof. Take a gallon of gas, it costs almost $5.00. I'm scared to start my car in the morning because it's going to cost me $5.00 to start my car, all right.WATTERS: Joe Biden says you have plenty of money.BRAME: No, that's a lie. That's a lie. That's a lie.WATTERS: And you're spending it. He says you have plenty of money to spend.BRAME: There's no money to spend. There is money to pay rent. There's money to pay cell phones. There is money to pay your bills. There is no money left over, not even for food.You know, most of us are going to the food pantry. Where as opposed to we used to be able to go to the grocery store. You know, a bag of food with nothing in the bag, maybe some toilet paper and paper towels cost almost a hundred dollars.WATTERS: You know shrinkflation, you're getting less potato chips in your bag.BRAME: Yes, yes. Yes.WATTERS: All right, Madeline, thank you so much for joining JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.BRAME: Unbelievable.WATTERS: Unbelievable. Glad you didn't vomit on the set.BRAME: I almost did.WATTERS: There is a reason Joe Biden rarely takes questions from the press, because when he does, typically, it turns out like this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: President Biden, will you be serving your full four-year term or handing over power to Vice President Harris?BIDEN: Are you okay? You all right?REPORTER: All four years or handing over?BIDEN: You're not hurt, are you?REPORTER: I can't hear you. Could you approach?BIDEN: I said, are you okay? Did you fall on your head or something? Give me a break.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy joins me now.Someone asked him, and this is a legitimate question, Vivek? He's the oldest president of all time. Many people don't believe he could make it through the first term. A lot of people don't think if he is reelected a second term he's going to finish.It looks like we lost Vivek. Well, let me just finish my sentence. Totally legitimate question. Everyone is talking about it. The Democrats are talking about it. The Democrats think he's too old to serve another term.A majority of Democrats don't even want him to be the nominee. So when a reporter asks you a question, are you going to be able to finish your next four years? What is he? Eighty-something? He should say, yes, I'm a vigorous man. I have a young spirit and I'm committed to the country. Not, "What did you do? Fall on your head?"If anybody fell on his head, it is -- I won't go there.Breaking news on P. Diddy. Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Vivek Ramaswamy joins me now.So we just heard a reporter ask Joe Biden if he'd finish his four years if he was re-elected or he'd hand the keys to the White House over to Kamala and Joe said, what happened? Did you fall and hit your head?What do you say, Vivek?VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, the fact of the matter is, Jesse, he's not really even the one running the presidency right now.So when we talk about the next four years, it's nominal who is actually in charge. The person we've elected to run as president is not actually running the country as the US president. It is the deep state and the managerial class underneath them.So you mark my words, it is not Kamala Harris or Joe Biden. It's a machine underneath them. And the reason they've put that debate up on June 27th is by the way, to make this his final audition to test if he is the best puppet to put up.And so it's like the San Antonio Spurs under Gregg Popovich, it doesn't matter which player they play, it is the machine that's actually doing their work and I think that's the thing we've got to see.WATTERS: So you're saying if he bombs in June, then they're going to pull a switcheroo in Chicago? Who's that next person they are going to bump up?RAMASWAMY: Absolutely.WATTERS: Kamala? Or they bring in Gavin?RAMASWAMY: Well, the reality is they do have a Kamala problem where Kamala is wildly unpopular. She's completely ineffective as a president. You played that clip of Elmo. You know what? Elmo would make a better vice president than Kamala Harris probably would, which is maybe why they're trotting Elmo out on stage. So maybe that's an option for vice president.But for president, you ought to do the math. The Kamala Harris problem is a race and gender fixation in this country, which eliminates Gavin Newsom. I think that really paves the way for Michelle Obama or a similar figure, and I think the timing they're playing for is, you know what, it's late enough in the game that it evades time for scrutiny.You get the honeymoon phase and ultimately run that through the election. That's a scenario that I believe they're playing for. That's why this is the earliest presidential debate in US history. This is the first ever debate before the nominating convention of either major party, think about it, add up the incentives, that's what this adds up to and we've got to play one step ahead.WATTERS: Do you think that question was planted? Because I have never heard a mainstream media reporter assigned to cover the White House ever asked a Democrat president something like that?RAMASWAMY: Yes, of course it was. But the reality is they work hand in glove together. This is just the arm of the state. That's what the mainstream media represents. You might as well call it Pravda. That's what it is in the modern United States, but Americans are seeing through it and I think that's why we have the opportunity, Jesse, for a landslide.The question is, do we step up and seize it? We've got to stay one step ahead of the other side in order to win this.WATTERS: All right, Vic Ramaswamy, a lot of people talking about you being VP of Trump's team. We'll see how it shakes out.Vivek, thanks as always.RAMASWAMY: Thank you.WATTERS: Fox News Alert: Federal investigators are reportedly preparing to bring Diddy's accusers in front of a New York City grand jury. Investigators allegedly obtained video from inside Diddy's mansions and are tracking down additional witnesses identified by the cameras, including a male sex worker who claims to be a victim.Diddy has been named in eight civil lawsuits since November, with seven directly accusing him of sexual assault. Both the Justice Department and Homeland Security declined to discuss specifics with us, but we'll keep you up-to-date as soon as we learn more.The porn star and shakedown case against Trump in New York is not going the way they planned. Trump is up in the polls and many believe a conviction would help him, so Democrats are going back to January 6th.The Supreme Court is weighing if Trump has immunity in the case, but Democrats won't stop working the refs. They're trying to discredit the court before a decision comes down.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES: Think of the Supreme Court for God's sake. Talk about things getting worse.WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": Yes.JILL BIDEN: Can you imagine if we put any more Republicans on the Supreme Court?SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": No, no.JILL BIDEN: No. We will lose all of our rights. So we're talking about women's rights, gay rights. I mean, we will lose our rights and freedoms.GOLDBERG: Voting rights.JILL BIDEN: Voting rights. Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Right. Author, John Grisham is fantasizing about writing a book about justices getting assassinated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN GRISHAM, AUTHOR: I wrote a great book called "The Pelican Brief" in which two Supreme Court justices were assassinated.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I know.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.GRISHAM: And I thought about doing it again.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, no, no, no.GOLDBERG: You're writing part two. He's talking about part two now.GRISHAM: It is all a fiction book.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It is all fiction.GRISHAM: It's all fiction.GOLDBERG: It's all fiction.GRISHAM: Don't get upset.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The Supreme Court smear started cooking a couple of weeks ago."The New York Times" reported Justice Alito had an upside down American flag flying outside of his house three years ago. They said an upside down flag was also seen on January 6th. "The Washington Post" had the story in their files for three years, why are we hearing about it now? Because the left is using it to try to get Alito to recuse himself from Trump's Jan 6 case.But Alito responded: The justice said his wife was the one who put it up after a nasty neighborhood dispute, where she was called the C-word. Alito said he had no idea about the flag until somebody told him about it.He asked his wife to take it down and she said no. Overruled. Alito said he can't make her take it down, it is her house, too.Liberals are always telling us women have all the power in the relationship and now they expect the leader to tell his wife to stop putting up flags and make him some eggs.The justice says his wife loves flags, puts them up all the time -- sports flags, holiday flags, American flags, state flags, college flags. She's a flag lady.Alito's wife bought a beach house in New Jersey with money she inherited and flew a flag with a pine tree and the words said "An Appeal to Heaven" on it. It's a flag commissioned by George Washington during the Revolutionary War, colonial fighters flew it on their ships.San Francisco flew the pine tree flag at City Hall for 60 years. This weekend, they took it down. They say it no longer represents their values.Just because a couple of guys were waiving it on January 6th, now it's a White nationalist symbol. Forget the 250 years of history.So if some guy has Carhartt pants on that ran into the Capitol on June 6th, does that mean we all have to throw out ours? Doesn't make any sense.Dana Loesch is a nationally syndicated radio host.Dana, this flag scandal. Wooh. I mean, this is bigger than Watergate.DANA LOESCH, NATIONALLY SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: Oh, it's the biggest, Jesse, and you know what? You missed something. Everyone on January 6 also wore shoes, thus, the reasoning dictates, Jesse, that everyone that wear shoes is apparently a J6er.WATTERS: That's it. That's it. I don't want to get involved.LOESCH: Throw away your shoes, everyone. You damned hypocrites.WATTERS: So I just took it off.LOESCH: Yes, see, there you go. Right there.No, first off, I love Justice Alito's totally based response to the request for him to recuse himself from this case, because they know that this is the loser, too, just like the New York case is a complete and total loser.So they've now started targeting these individual justices to try to smear their name and make their case that oh, we need to pack the court because you know, his wife flew a flag.I'm so tired of progressives freaking out over their own ignorance. Please, for the love of all things holy, can we just like have a national history class for these dumb, decrepit people because they clearly don't know American history.They freaked out like this over the Gadsden flag, too, where they saw a yellow flag with a snake on it and they're like, oh my gosh, these people must be crazy.Same thing with the pine tree flag. They have no idea what American history is. So two dudes had the flag on J6, and they're like, oh, my gosh, must be a White nationalist flag.No, you absolute imbeciles. It's like -- it's enshrined in American history. This flag is super old. It is military authorized. It's like -- it's historic on the East Coast.Stop. Open a book. Touch grass. Take a breath.WATTERS: Dana, I probably have a lot in common with your husband. All husbands have this in common. If their wife wants to do something in the yard, buy new furniture. You know, maybe put a little ornament around Christmas time. Maybe you don't love the look of the ornament or the lounge chairs.LOESCH: Yes.WATTERS: You can't say, wife, take it down right away or else. That's not how marriages work.LOESCH: Yes. You're right, Jesse. I'm about to educate people on this open aspect of sexism and this sexism is real and I celebrate it.The men can control the thermostat so long as they take out the trash and they mow the lawn, but the women get to decorate the house and we choose what stuff goes in the lawn, Jesse. We also choose what other sorts of accoutrements go on outside the house, like flags and such.So long as we uphold our ends of the bargain, everything is good. I totally respect his wife's choice. It's her freedom to do so.Go women.WATTERS: Go women.All right, what a feminist, Dana Loesch, I love it. Thank you.LOESCH: There you go. Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Seinfeld, masculinity and Hunter's baby mama tells all.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Time for Watters' Cooler.Let's bring in Fox host, Julie Banderas who has two Emmys.First up, Jerry Seinfeld has been speaking his mind recently. He just said extreme left is killing comedy because everyone is too worried about offending each other, and now he says he misses masculinity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JERRY SEINFELD, COMEDIAN: As a man, can I say that?BARI WEISS, THE FREE PRESS: You sure you are? Are you?SEINFELD: Yes. Well, I've always wanted to be.WEISS: Yes, I didn't ask your pronouns before we began.SEINFELD: I've always wanted to be a real man. I never made it.But in that era again, it was JFK, it was Muhammad Ali. It was Sean Connery, Howard Cosell, you go all the way down there. That's a real man.I'm going to -- I want to be like that someday.I miss dominant masculinity. Yes, I get the toxic -- I get it. I get it. But still, I like a real man.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Whatever happened to real men?JULIE BANDERAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: That's amazing. It almost sounded like he was coming out of the closet, but I don't think that's what his point was and I appreciate it.I know you're grinning, but it's true. There is not real masculinity in this world anymore.WATTERS: What are you talking about? What about Dylan?BANDERAS: The real man, God forbid --WATTERS: There is no one more masculine than Dylan.BANDERAS: -- to be a real man. No, you're right. But I mean, I appreciate the fact that Jerry Seinfeld is saying what all women are already feeling, so thank you, Jerry for being a woman for two seconds.WATTERS: Oh, so you guys do want real men? You don't want --BANDERAS: We do want real men. This society doesn't --WATTERS: Men that cry.BANDERAS: -- want real men anymore. We want babies we want babies. We want panzies.WATTERS: You want babies.BANDERAS: I don't want. I want a real man.WATTERS: Yes, you want a real man?BANDERAS: Yes.WATTERS: Like Clint Eastwood.BANDERAS: Yes, exactly. That's a great idea. Great, great --WATTERS: I'll see if I can make that work, Julie.BANDERAS: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Next up, Hunter's baby mama is coming back to haunt him.BANDERAS: Oh, dear.WATTERS: Lunden Roberts, the former exotic dancer that has Hunter's baby daughter, Navy, is releasing a tell-all book this August. It's the same month as the Democratic National Convention.BANDERAS: Oh geez.WATTERS: The book, "Out of the Shadows: My Life Inside the Wild World of Hunter Biden" is set to expose her time with Hunter and it is described as this: "Roller coaster ride of a relationship touching on the drug cook working in Rosemont Seneca's kitchen, strip clubs where Hunter might try to pole himself, protecting him from would be terrorists in New York City. The night she grabbed two guns and was certain she would have to fatally shoot a crazed MMA fighter, and dozens of other stories that make the laptop debacle seem routine."BANDERAS: Oh my God.WATTERS: Julie? I think I might have to buy this one.BANDERAS: This is amazing. So the pole routine, Hunter, I'm assuming that means a stripper pole?WATTERS: Yes.BANDERAS: Okay. Thank you for clarifying. So, I mean, I just I don't know, because he dated a lot of prostitutes.WATTERS: That's true.BANDERAS: And there was a lot of money that was involved in that.WATTERS: We don't know. We don't know. But this is coinciding with the Democratic National Convention in Chicago. I think it's well-timed. It seems like she might be jilted.Is she saying Hunter wasn't a real man.BANDERAS: I think she was going to say that Hunter was a terrible ex. She was badly scorned.WATTERS: Badly scored.BANDERAS: But you know what? I mean, do you think that Hunter Biden was a good boyfriend or a good anything?WATTERS: Well, I've never really gone on a date with him, but --BANDERAS: I've never gone on a date with him either, but I can tell you as a woman, I don't think that he was probably the best boyfriend.WATTERS: Well, it looks like a good book. Not as good as "Get It Together," but it'll be a good one.BANDERAS: Yes.WATTERS: Thank you, Julie.BANDERAS: Yes.WATTERS: Our movement and more, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: If you're a car guy, listen up.This Sunday, June 2nd at Moreland Farms in New Jersey, big car show -- big. The Peter Chesson Memorial Car Show is held in honor of a local racer and businessman and proceeds will benefit Life Camp, which helps out disadvantaged children during the summer to have a great time.It is a great family outing. Great place to show off your car or see hot cars.For more information go to the PeteCarShow.org.Let's do some texts.Doug from Fort Worth, Texas: Madeline needs to be a regular on your show. For a minute, I was convinced it was her world, not yours.Can she do this?Linda from Las Vegas, Nevada: Sorry, Dana. I have full control of the thermostat along with everything else. Happy wife, happy life.My wife controls the thermostat, too, and it is up and down and up -- it is constant.Bobby from Louisiana: I make the rules in my -- got to go the wife is coming.Oh boy. I hear you.That's all for tonight. Always remember, I am Watters, and this is my world.