BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Balanced and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is next. We'll take you back to the rally as we head out.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Policy is called Remain in Mexico. Nobody can come into our country until they -- and then you're going to have catch and release into Mexico. You know...LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. If a New Yorker can't save this country, then no one can. That's what former President Trump said a few moments ago in the South Bronx. Let's keep watching.TRUMP: Give me a top 10, give me a top 10 list, give me the top 10 things. I said to ICE and border patrol give me a top 10, they gave me a top 10 list. And a lot of it had to do with all of the horrible disease, of course, people that have highly contagious diseases are coming into our country at levels that we've never seen before, so many other things. And the top 10 list, but they laughed, they said, Sir, they'll never do. We've been trying to get this up for 25 years.I said, If I were a betting man, I would bet you any amount of money, you'll have it very quickly. So, this man comes in. I said we want a policy Remain in Mexico, Tijuana, hundreds of -- probably the fastest growing city in the world for a period of a year, that place loaded up with people, they weren't allowed into our country. And we had already built a lot of the wall. Tremendous, 571 miles, without that we couldn't have ever done this.And he said that we're not going to do it. I said, you are going to do it. He said, we're not, I said, here's the story -- I'm not going to mess around with you, I have to go, I have a very important meeting, much more important than this. I said, here's the story. You're either going to do it, it's Friday evening or on Monday morning at 7 o'clock in the morning, we are going to put a 25 percent tariff on everything that Mexico sends into our country. And then what (inaudible) if you don't do it, we're going to put 50 percent, then we're going to go 75 and because I'm a nice person, we're going to stop at a 100 percent tariff.And here's the -- and I had it literally written -- I'm saying, should I sign it or not? And we're going to waste the ink or not, because I'll sign it right now and Monday morning at 7 o'clock, you're going to pay up to $100 tariff. He said, sir, I'd like to make a phone call. I said, I wonder who you're going to call? Let me guess, you're going to call the president. He comes back three minutes later, sir, it would be a great honor to give you 28,000 soldiers for your time. It would be a great honor to have a policy of Remain in Mexico.Anyway, and we got the all 10 things, it took about like 10 minutes, it was not -- and now the other day, did you see, Mexico said to Crooked Joe Biden, we want $20 billion a year just for the privilege of negotiating with you. We want you to pay us. Did you see that? It was a little article. There's a slight difference for you to say, he would have never asked that thing, he would have never asked that.So, he said, they want 20 billion, 20 billion, not millions, 20 -- 20 millions. They want 20 with a B, $20 billion a year just for the privilege of negotiating with Mexico. And he would never get the things that they -- they gave up Remain in Mexico. They gave up catch and release in Mexico. They gave up this -- they gave up everything. They gave up everything they did. They did give up the Constitution.Joe Biden, his inflation has cost the average New York household a staggering $24,000, think of that. Because the costs have gone up so much. Bacon has gone -- I don't eat bacon anymore. It's too expensive. It's gone up like four times. What's with bacon? But if you look at the Biden price hike, it's very much caused the runaway inflation, the likes of which I don't think we've ever seen before anything like it, and they're costing average New York families $1,000 a month just into the inflationary costs. I call it the Biden inflation tax. It's a tax.On day one, we're going to throw out Bidenomics. I'm going to replace it with MAGAnomics (inaudible), MAGAnomics. And I will give you lower taxes when it comes to low, remember when I cut taxes, I gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, bigger than the Reagan tax cuts, and you know what, the following year we reported massive increases in revenue, so with lower taxes, we actually took in more money because it gave incentive for people to work, lots of reasons.But I will give you low taxes, low inflation, low interest rates, rising wages, growing incomes and fair trade for the American worker and we will make energy affordable again by saying, drill baby drill, drill baby drill.Your energy cost will come down within the first year by 50 percent, that's not big. That's hell of a promise. And it will do, we can drop that so quickly. Remember, it was his stupid energy policy that caused the inflation. Now, it's more than energy. Now everything is like on fire, all places a mess.We will quickly return our nation to the path of prosperity, and we will bring our country back together through unparalleled success. Our country is going to be very successful, and people are going to come together. And I will tell you, I will tell you, a lot of people say, do you think you can ever get the sides together? And by the way, I have to say something, our side is much bigger than this. Much bigger.We're more quiet, much more quiet, but when we get going, we're a much tougher. Right? We're a much tougher. But it is much bigger. But I saw, we had the greatest economy in history, and I was getting calls from the other side, I call it the radical Left, but Left leaning to put it mildly, Democrats, can we get together because everybody had the best they've ever had.African American jobs were the best in history. Asian American, the best in history, Hispanic, the best in history, women, people with a diploma, people without a diploma, people that went to the great Wharton School of Finance, MIT, Harvard, they were doing better. And for the people that didn't have a high school diploma, we're having to -- everybody was better. There wasn't a one group, not one that went down. And it was bringing our country together.So, it can happen. And when they ask, I get that question a lot, do you think the sides can ever get together? And I went through the experience, and we can get together and then we had COVID come in, and we had to fight that battle. And we did a great -- you know I have been -- recognizes having created a great economy, and great military defeating ISIS and all the things. We rebuilt the entire military, created space force, all those things.We never got the credit, and we had no words. Thank you, sir. That's very nice. Remember, Hillary Clinton used to point at me, he will create -- no, no, they said his personality will create wars. I said no, my personality is going to keep us out of wars. And I was right.First president in 78 years that didn't start a war, we had no wars, none of these stupid wars. Such a shame. When you see all the people that died, these horrible wars in the Middle East and everything else, countries didn't want us dropping bombs all over the place, we spent $9 trillion in the Middle East, we bombed the hell out of the place then we leave.You know, in the old days, to the victor belong the spoils, we don't do that. We have -- we bombed the hell out of everyone then we come back home, it's so sick, it's so sick, and so stupid. These people that led us are so stupid. You want to use that as a last resort, you can solve these problems with a meeting or with a telephone call. You don't have to drop billions of dollars' worth of bombs on people's heads. You don't have to.Call peace through strength. It really is. There's no reason for what they did in the Middle East is so incredible, they bombed the hell out of the place, and then they left. But to the victor belong the spoils, we didn't do that.Now, in Iraq years ago, I was a civilian so, but I've got a lot of publicity for whatever the hell reason. And I said don't go into Iraq, don't go into Iraq, don't go into Iraq. But if you're going to go in and keep the oil, well, they went in and they didn't keep the oil. And Iraq now has $350 billion in cash from the oil and Iran by us destroying Iraq, the military of Iraq, you know, for years, they fought each other, and they were equal sizes, equal everything. They were equal military partners.And for 1000 years under different names, they would fight, a religious thing. They fight, they go five feet left, five feet right, five feet left, five feet right, somebody would say they have gas, somebody would say they have nuclear then they'd rest for a few years, and they fight again. But we blew the hell out of one side, Iraq. So, now, Iraq is a subsidiary essentially of Iran. Congratulations to the geniuses that got us into that mess. Because Iran essentially controls -- and that was the other thing.When I was President, Iran was broke. They had no money. I said to China, if you buy, they bought a lot of oil. I said, if you buy anything, but if you buy oil from Iran, we are going to do something to you. What's that? You're not going to do any business in the United States. He said, well, that's the end of buying oil from Iran.Every country was told that Iran was broke. They had no money for Hamas. They had no money for Hezbollah. They had no money for anything. Then Biden comes in and he takes the tower (ph), he takes all the sanctions off, and they go out and now Iran has $223 billion. Congratulations. And we're the only ones for five hostages, we just paid $6 billion.And for electricity for Iraq, we just paid $10 billion. And think of it, Iraq has billions of dollars that we're paying for their electricity. So, we were in a position there was no terror, there was no threat, there was no nothing. And now Iran has become a big threat again.CROWD: Bring them home. Bring them home.TRUMP: I would tell you, I see a lot of flags, a lot of flags from Israel. Right. Remember, I said, I said in a month ago, it's a terrible thing to say, but I believe it, many of the hostages that you're waiting for, and everybody's waiting for, those hostages, many of them are dead, many of them are dead. And it's a horrible thing. It's a horrible thing, but many of those hostages are dead. And that's why when you see these negotiations where Hamas is like not getting back, they say, man, we could make a good deal, but these people no longer alive.When I saw the way, they were treated, when I saw they were thrown into the cars and how horribly they were treated, there's no way that those hostages and some will be alive, but many of those hostages are dead. It's a very, it's a very serious, horrible thing.It would have never happened if the election weren't rigged. It would never happen if I were your president, they would have never done it, because we have so many young people here today, I want to talk about just for a moment about success. Do you remember, I used to give talks on success before politics. OK, that's enough. We're going to do it. I know you're on a site, but it's enough, we're going to get them home.It's a rough, it's a rough situation. But remember, we used to give talks of success to the learning annex (ph) and for others, and I used to do that before politics, and maybe it's one of the reasons I went in. But because well, bringing our city back, it starts with getting the right leadership, but also involves men and women, just like you, but I talk a lot about success, and I get paid money to talk about success. I would have done it for nothing, but then because of politics then if you take a look, because of politics, I stopped doing that.But I think we're in the Bronx. We have young people, people that aspire to success. And I just wanted to know, I'm so tired of politics. Can we devote six minutes to success? So, for all you, young people, I think it's -- you know, look, I've been through tremendous -- I've had great success. I've had it in entertainment. I've had it in business. I've had it in politics. You know, I ran for office, what office did you run for? President. How'd you do? I won. Actually, I won twice.You know, we did much better the second time. You know, we've got millions more votes the second time, but it doesn't compare to this time, there is so much more than we had tremendous enthusiasm, when we call -- you know I don't call her Crooked Hillary, I call beautiful Hillary, because I took it crooked and use it for Joe. I don't like using it for two people.But we had tremendous enthusiasm in 2016. We had unbelievable, more enthusiasm in 2020 because we did such a good job. In fact, one of the big problems in 2016 was the wall, it was the border, I fixed it, so good that I couldn't talk about it in 2020. I kept saying to my people, I want to talk about the wall. I want to talk about the great job I did on immigration. I stopped people from coming in. They said sir, nobody cares. You already fixed it, and I said, this is a terrible thing. You fix it, you can talk about it. But let's talk about for the young people just to listen for a couple of minutes, because we've been talking about politics so long. I'm OD-ed, you know what that means I'm OD-ed on politics.I'm OD-ed on Trump. I turn on the television, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, all different stories. Trump. They're driving us crazy. So, I believe in the expression, did you ever hear this expression? The harder you work, the luckier you get. You notice that.A great golfer named Gary Player, he was smaller than other golfers, but he worked harder than other golfers, and he ended up with the most career wins of any golfer, he ended up with a nine majors and you know, he was small in stature, but big right up here. But he made that same -- it was the first time I ever heard about it. He said, it's a funny thing happens, the harder I work, the luckier I get. That was an athlete saying that. Amazing, right.It's the first time I heard it probably been said by others, but it's true. I could tell you maybe you didn't work really hard, there is very little chance that I would be standing here right now, another part of success is something I learned from my father, I had a wonderful father, wonderful parents, I'm lucky, you got to be lucky, got to get great parents.If you're going to spend your life working really hard, you have to love it, you have to pick something that you really enjoy. Sometimes your parents will say, don't do that. But you got to, a little bit, in that case, you got to follow your own way. You got to love it. Ideally, you're going to love something where there's a potential, because there are some things you love, but it's not going to do you so good.So ideally fall in love with something that's good. Some people go into a business where it's a very hard business. If you can go into business, that's an easier business and do well. But I see it all the time. Somebody has every ingredient for success, smart, brilliant, everything's good. But they're in a business where you hit your head on the wall, it's a very tough business. Try finding something where it's a great business with a great future and there are plenty of them out there.My father taught me about construction. But what I really learned from him was that he worked seven days a week, because he really loved to do it. I mean, he would work on Sunday. He'd go to church in the morning, and then he'd go on work. And I know some people that don't believe in working on Sunday, you couldn't keep him away from work. But he loved working, and he was happy. He was married for a long time. That's one thing I'm not going to tap him on. He was married.He was married for a long time, decades and decades. I said pop, I'm not going to beat you on that one, never going to beat, but because his work made him happy. But he was happy when he worked, and he was successful, and he knew what he was doing. He'd build a house on one side of the street, somebody else would build a house on the other side of the street. And he'd build his house faster, better, cheaper, and he'd sell it for less money.The other guy would build the house for more money, take them longer, couldn't sell it. My father would go buy the house for less money than it costs him to build the first one. And he'd sell it. And you know, in the old days, a long time ago, his brother was a professor at MIT. My father worked; he was a little younger than my father. My father put him to school. He went to MIT, very brilliant guy. Professor John Trump, the longest serving professor in the history of MIT, 41 years, I believe.Dr. John Trump, my father used to tell me, I used to go crazy, your uncle was always getting degrees. I had to keep building, building for your uncle to get him through college. He was always up there getting degrees. But he was at MIT for 41 years, a brilliant guy. He used to talk to me about nuclear because he was a nuclear genius, along with a genius about everything else. And he used to say that someday there'll be a time when a small package carried by hand can blow up an entire city.And I said, no way, Uncle John, that's never going to happen, Uncle John. Guess what, he was right a long time ago that he said it. But my father would price a house. And I'd say how did you price in those days, dad, he said pricing was everything. He said, I'd sell a house for $3,999.99. And that one penny made the difference between selling it and not, one penny.If I made it $4,000, I would sell, but psychologically $3,999.99 and he sold houses and guys wouldn't sell him. But he used to tell me that one penny, it sounds crazy, but it wasn't crazy. Psychologically people thought they were buying it for $3,000, not $4,000. It's sort of like getting an 89 at a tested school or 90, and 90 is an A, and 89, one point is a B plus.Another lesson when times are tough, sometimes that's when you perform the best, you have to learn that about yourself. You have to learn it about yourself. Are you OK? Are you guys, OK? OK, take your time. Yes. Take your time. Doctor, any doctor please. Doctor in the house. Thank you. Are you OK? You take your time, darling. Yes.CROWD: We love Trump.TRUMP: Take your Trump. Take your time, doc. We have time. Some people waited here for two days, it's tough, it's tough Thank you. Plenty of time. That's good. Water. Is she all right? Is she OK? Is she doing all right? Is she doing, OK? Thank you. Plenty of time.INGRAHAM: All right, someone's having a medical issue at the Trump rally. We'll return to that when that's resolved. Joining me now is Savanah Hernandez, Turning Point Action Reporter. Savanah, you're there. What are you seeing, incredible crowds there?SAVANAH HERNANDEZ, TURNING POINT USA: It's been crazy, Laura. Now when I got here this morning at 9:30, we had a couple 100 people, keep in mind, they were heavy rains this morning. But people were still out here with somebody here as early as 3 AM. I took a small break, and I came back around four. And you had thousands of people lined up around two blocs. So, the crowds have been huge. You've had a multitude of different people here from all over New York as well.I spoke to a registered Democrat. I spoke to hipsters from Brooklyn. We have so many different people from all areas of life coming out here today in support of Donald Trump, because they say that they're just tired of Joe Biden. I've been hearing so many Biden jokes today about how you know, he - - he's basically destroying America, he can barely stand up. And again, the energy has just been absolutely incredible.Behind me right now, we have a small group of anti-protesters here that has actually been starting to cause some violence now that the sun is going down. So, we're monitoring that situation as well.INGRAHAM: All right, Savanah, we're going to go back to President Trump, former President Trump who's resuming his speech at this rally. Let's listen.TRUMP: These horrible human beings are after you all the time, impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two, lawsuits, and they're doing it to injure the political opponent of an incompetent candidate because he can't run fairly and squarely. And I say, you know what I do, I just do it. I put on the blinders. I say, I just do it, we do it. And the other question they asked me is, will it happen again, and we have to make it too big to rig, we've got a lot of great people watching. We have to make it too big to rig.But one of the things you need, and success is momentum, you need momentum, you got to have and when you have that momentum going, there's nothing that can stop you. And I tell the story of Bill Levitt. Bill Levitt was a great real estate man, great, Levitt towns all over the country, one of the most successful real estate people, a certain age ever. And he built these massive towns that were you know, there was nothing like him at the time. And very successful and he was offered a lot of money to sell to a big public company. And he decided to take it. He was a young man; he was in his 40s.And he said, darling, I'm going to take it, told his wife, I want to take the money. And for 20 years, he went out, he bought a yacht. He lived a beautiful life. He lived in the South of France. He lived, but he got bored. And 21, 22 years later, he said, I want to make a comeback. I can't stand this life anymore. I want to make a comeback. And he went to the company that he sold to a big public company that did very poorly. They had no idea what they were doing.He used to -- by the way, he used to pick up every nail, every piece of wood. Every -- he used to sell the sawdust, everything. He would say -- every penny was a major event. And now you had this big public company, they didn't know what the hell they were doing. So, he went back, and he made him an offer that he want to sell and he paid a little more, little more and he ended up buying it for an OK price. And he was so happy. He said now I can go back to work.And he went back and everything he touched turned bad. The market turned on him. The jobs turned on him. He was no longer able to get zoning. He was spending a fortune. He had just purchased it for a lot of money. And he ended up going bankrupt, he was bankrupt. And I was young when I met him, and I was at the party of a very big person, big public company person. And Bill Levitt was there. and I was in the real estate business. So, I knew who he was. And you probably indirectly know who.And everybody was shunning him a little bit. Nobody cared about him anymore. But I did. And I went over to him, and I say, Hi, Mr. Levitt, I'm Donald Trump. I know what I was doing great. I was sort of like a hot guy. I was hot as a pistol. I think I was hotter than I am now, and I became president, OK, I don't know.I said to somebody was I hotter before or hotter now, I don't know, who the hell know. Who the hell knows, who the hell cares, right? But he knew who I was. And I went up, I said, so, are you OK? And he said, I'm not really OK. I made a mistake that I'll never forget, and he was -- by this, pretty old guy. And he was sitting in the corner of this magnificent Fifth Avenue apartment where there were 25 very successful people. But I wanted to talk to him. I wanted to find out what happened because he lost everything. Everybody knew it. It was very public.And I said, what happened exactly, what happened? He said, son, I lost my momentum. I had something going that couldn't be stopped and I should have just stayed, I lost my momentum. And I've got -- if you lose your momentum, you got to figure it out. But Bill Levitt lost his momentum and he died, penniless. And he was the biggest real estate person on the planet. And I've never forgotten that story. And it was a sad story. He was a good man too. I thought he was a good man, but did an unbelievable job today, you have Levitt towns all over the country and pretty amazing.But you have to always keep moving forward. And when it's your time, you have to know it's your time and I said to myself in terms of politics, I said, you know what? We did so well in number one, we did even better in number two, I said, we've got to do it again, because we have to do it.Maybe I'm wrong. And I'm not doing it for myself. I'm doing it to make America great again. You know, if I didn't think we won, easily won the last -- I would never do this. Because you know what, in many ways, it's easier. You have a winner; you have a loser. It's OK. I won one. It was a big upset, I guess. I don't know why it was an upset, because I'd have 50,000 political rallies, she'd go and have 200 people. And then they say, why did I win Michigan? Why did I win Pennsylvania? Why did I win all these states that a Republican hadn't won in many years? Why?And by the way, we're up in Pennsylvania, we're up in Michigan, we're up in New Hampshire today, we're up in Florida at numbers that you wouldn't even believe. But I also think it's very important to know what you want, you have to set your sights high, set your sights so high, higher than you ever thought possible. And make your goals big and go after it. That's why I say, we won't just make New York a little better. I say, we want to make New York a lot better, better than it ever was before. Right.And finally, you have to take pride in your accomplishments, do not take for granted what you've achieved, forget it, it's over. It's good for your confidence, but it's over, go forward. Think to the future, not to the past, but learn from the past.You know, wherever I go, I know that if I could build a skyscraper in Manhattan, I could do anything, it's very tough. Building a 68-story building on Fifth Avenue is hard. With all you have to deal with, I mean, you have unions, you have legal entanglements, property rights, zoning, you're dealing with the smartest and toughest contractors in the world, these are killers, many of you here today. Thank you very much.But by comparison, talking to world leaders, I believe is easier. And I've done in both. Talking to a world leader, if you're smart, you know, you have the United States behind you. Now the country is not the same, but it'll be better and stronger and bigger in a very short period of time.You know, we have so many different things we could discuss, having to do with the Republican Party. But the biggest thing, I think, and I really mean this is happening more and more, and I see it all the time. Because really, you have to be the party of common sense, as opposed to the Democrat party. It's a party of failure, extremism and gross incompetence, and that's what it is. And they're going to destroy our country.But our country has faced down much harder challenges before and come back stronger than ever. That's why I so firmly believe that we can quickly make America a great and glorious nation again. When I take office, we are going to restore public safety and the rule of law in New York City, that starts with stopping the pouring into our country of millions and millions of illegal immigrants, which are causing a new category of violence called the migrant crime. We have a migrant crime happening now. You add that to the crime already. A terrible statistic.Venezuela was a very crime-ridden country. They just announced a month ago, 67, but now they just announced 72 percent reduction in crime in Venezuela. In Caracas, they took their gang members, they took their drug dealers, they are emptying out their prisons, they're taking everybody that's a problem and they're dumping them into the United States of America. We're like a dumping ground.But many countries are doing that. I would say eventually all countries would be doing that. If I headed up Honduras, if I headed up any one of the countries that are neighboring or not neighboring, and we're not talking about just South America countries, we're talking about countries from Africa.The other day, 22, think of it, 22 people from the Congo. Where do you live? We came from jail. What did you do in jail? We don't want to tell you. They're now living happily. They come from Africa. They come from Asia. They come from all over the world. They come from the Middle East, Yemen.We're bombing Yemen. Here we go with the bombs again. We're bombing Yemen, and people are coming in from Yemen. Large numbers of people are coming in from China. And if you look at these people, did you see them? They are physically fit. They're 19 to 25. Almost everyone is a male and they look like fighting age.I think they're building an army. They're 29,000 people over the last. I think they're building -- they want to get us from within. I think they're building an army. This is not, you know, it's interesting. Did you see them? They all have tents. They all have gas fired stoves. I mean, this is not like an illegal immigrant.This is -- they're building something. They have something in mind. We're going to end all of that stuff. They respected your president. They respected our country. And we're not going to let people -- we are not going to let these people come in and take our city away from us and take our country away from us. It's not going to happen.Now, who would let people, seriously? Who would let people come from prisons and jails from mental institutions? They cannot stay. We will immediately begin the largest criminal deportation operation in our country's history because this situation is sustainable by no country. No country can sustain this.(PEOPLE CHANTING SEND THEM BACK)TRUMP: As we speak, there are hundreds of thousands of Biden migrants invading our city and our country. We no longer have border states like Texas and Arizona. All states, including New York, are being a border state.The people are pouring through Texas. They're pouring through Arizona. They're pouring through every state. Every state is now a border state. Every state is now -- we're talking about, in my opinion, 16 to 17 million people, and these are not necessarily people that are going to help us as a country.We want to be nice. We want to be respectful. They're coming from so many places. We don't have any idea. In many cases, we don't even know what the language.You know, you have languages that people don't even know about. We have languages where there's nobody in our country that speaks these languages. They're coming from places. We have no idea what's happening with our country.The flood of migrants is putting -- crippling burdens on our communities, your schools, hospitals, parks and public resources. Frankly, we're lucky to get this big park. I don't know how the hell we did it. It must be New York's finest. I don't know how we did it.They call it the Biden migrant invasion, and it's wrong. It's immoral. And the vast majority of New Yorkers agree with me that this is unacceptable. We -- it's unacceptable. We must stop it. We must stop it immediately.And, you know, for the people coming up, it's also unacceptable. They come up in what's called caravans. The women are treated horribly. They're being raped at levels that nobody's ever seen before. Nobody wants to talk about it.The fake news will report that. Oh, it's so terrible what he said. But it's fact. It's fact. The people are being treated. They're coming up in 100 degrees and then it's freezing. They're coming through snake infested areas. It's a hell of a journey. And so many people are dying coming up.If we told them, please do not come up, you're not going to come in. Like, I was telling them for a long period of time, they wouldn't come. They're being offered. Look at California. Governor Newsome, Governor Newsome. He offers education. He offers medical care. He offers pensions. He offers everything. He'll even give them an electric car because they're all over the place.How about the electric mandate? You like the all-electric mandate? Not too much. Does anybody like a car that doesn't go very far? Cost a lot. In Brooklyn, American students at James Madison High School were recently told they had to stay at home from school so their classrooms could be turned into housing for thousands, right? Thousands of migrants.Very simply, Joe Biden puts illegal aliens first. I put America first. I put America first.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Would anybody -- now this is up to you. Has anybody heard the snake? Would anybody like to hear the snake? Because we can stay here all night. I don't care. Would you like to hear the snake?So, it's a metaphor. It's an old song and it was redone. It didn't have anything to do with snakes or people or illegal immigration. But this has to do with illegal immigration. And I think it's very accurate, actually. And it's very sad.But I'll go and we'll do it. And some of you have heard it and many of you haven't. But we're going to do it right now for the great people of the Bronx and elsewhere. We love the Bronx. We love the Bronx.Are you ready? On her work. And you know what? You know what this is all about, right? Did you know? You've heard this before? Have you heard it? We got the greatest people here. On her way to work one morning down the path along the lake, a tender-hearted woman saw a poor half frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. Poor thing, he said. I'll take you in and I'll take care of you.Take me in. Oh, tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in. Oh, tender woman, side the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by the fireside with some honey and some milk.She hurried home from work that night and soon as she arrived, she found the pretty snake she'd taken in had been revived. Take me in. Oh, tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in. Oh, tender woman, side the vicious snake.She clutched him to her bosom. You're so beautiful. But if I hadn't brought in by now, you truly would have died. She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight. But instead of saying thank you, ma'am, the snake gave her a vicious bite.Take me in. Oh, tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in. Oh, tender woman, side the vicious snake. I saved you, cried the woman, and you've bitten me. But why? You know your bite is poisonous. And now I'm going to die. Shut up, silly woman, said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in.Right? So, when we allow people from prisons, when we allow people from insane asylums and mental institutions, which are being emptied out all over the world, you know, their prison populations are going way down. You know why? Because they're being dumped into the United States.When we are allowing terrorists at numbers that we've never seen before, remember the snake. Remember the snake, because you're going to get bitten like you never got bitten before. And you need a new president. And you have to get rid of this person who is not a smart person, not a respected person and doesn't have a clue what the hell is happening.So, that's the snake. Did you enjoy the snake? On day one, I will seal the border and I will stop the invasion of our country.Very sadly, in recent years, we have also seen our city destroyed by bad radical left pro-crime policy that virtually everyone, Republican, Democrat, independent, everyone, you all know it's a disaster. You know the names of these lunatic policies. No cash bail. Somebody kills somebody. Go out. No bail. Don't worry. Go out. Kill a couple of more people.Defund our great police. Defund the police. Sanctuary cities. Release violent, repeat offenders from jail. Joe Biden supports all of this insanity and much more. But millions of people across New York know it's crazy.There is no way when you watch this guy get off an airplane, he doesn't even have to talk. When he falls out of a helicopter, he's got three little stairs. It's not that hard. You got two railings. You don't fall out of helicopters. You don't fall upstairs. He falls up. He has more trouble going up than he does coming down. That's a little sick.But you just not going to vote for him. You just know. We got to win. We just win the state it just puts it right. It's such a big state. It puts it to bed.You're going to have a president and people, but you're going to have a president that understands what we have to do. We have to be nice about it, but we have to do things and we're going to be done. And the world is going to respect us again.We were never so respected as we were four years ago. President Xi of China, Putin, you know, Victor Orban, did you ever hear of him? Prime Minister of Hungary. Very tough guy. Known as a strong man. Oh, they hate it when I talk about him because they say he's a strong man. Trump loves strong men. I don't know. I like weak men. Actually, I like weak men. I'd much rather have a weak man than a strong man.But he is a strong man. And they asked him, why is it that the whole world is blowing up? He said, one simple reason. Trump is not president in the United States. He said, you put Trump back as president and the whole world is going to get better because they were afraid of Trump.They couldn't figure Trump out. Trump was a rather difficult person. But he used the word afraid. I don't use it. I don't use afraid. I use the word respect. They respected your president. They respected the United States of America, and they're going to do it again. And it's going to happen fast.But we have to get this absolute disaster. The worst president in history. He makes Jimmy Carter look like he had a brilliant administration. The only thing -- the only happy person about Joe Biden is Jimmy Carter, because Jimmy looks brilliant by comparison.I also want to thank New York's finest. I grew up with them. I know them. I love them. I love our firemen. I love our teachers. These are incredible people, and we have to bring the word respect and honor back to them right where it belongs.A few weeks ago, I visited with a grieving family, New York police officer Jonathan Diller. What a beautiful family. He was a beautiful person. He was 31 years old, gunned down during a traffic stop by a vicious thug and just horrible, leaving his beautiful young wife behind, a son, Ryan, behind, one year old son, and it was a saddest day. It was a horrible thing. Open the door and just started shooting him.The criminal charge was savagely murdering Officer Dillard was previously arrested by the NYPD 21 times, and he was allowed to go out because of the political things they do here. I'm the only one they want to keep. If I ever said I want no bail, they'd say you got to pay a fortune. If I ever say, Oh, no cash bail. That sounds good. That sounds good. Oh, it doesn't apply to Trump. I'm the only one that doesn't apply to probably.And the accomplice driving the car had been arrested 14 times. It was actually a far more violent person. And his nickname was killer. They called him killer. These dangerous and violent repeat offenders should never have been on our streets. Jonathan should be alive today, but they were released again and again and again.I will not sit by and accept this reckless insanity when I am in the White House. I will stand up to the Marxist D.A.'s and Soros prosecutors, and we will tell them no more. We're not going to stand for it. We will not let them destroy our communities. We will not let them destroy our country.There's a 53 percent increase in felony assaults on your subways, 53 percent that's in a short period of time. Since 2019, murders are up more than 20 percent. Shootings are up more than 30 percent. I'm going to indemnify all police officers and law enforcement officials throughout the United States to protect them from being destroyed by the radical left for taking strong actions on crime.And remember, Black, Hispanic, Asian people need this protection and safety more than anyone else. Don't ever forget it. And after years of talk by the radical left Democrats, we are going to give them the protection they need.And we're going to protect our police. We're going to make sure they do a great job. They can do it very quickly. They know who the bad guys are. They know everything about them. They know their name. They know their middle initial. We're going to insist that if a violent criminal murders a police officer, they receive the death penalty. It's going to be quick.And I also want to work with your mayor and your governor, happen to be Democrats, to clean up the homeless encampments so that you can once again enjoy your parks and your public spaces. Right now, you don't have public spaces. They're occupied by migrants in tents.Pleasures as simple as a walk in the park or watching your children again play in a little league game will come roaring back and they're going to come back very quickly. Your lifestyle and the American dream will be with you once again. And we're going to bring it back. The American dream. You don't have an American dream right now.You will be proud children. We will be even prouder. Years ago, people with severe mental illness were in mental institutions. And then a certain governor, I won't mention the name because at this point, what difference, they dumped all of them into the streets because they said those institutions were too expensive to run. So now they live on our streets. And that's what we have.This is no good for anybody. It's bad for the people who need help. And it's bad for the people of our city. And it's a horrible, horrible way to live.I want to work in partnership with your local leaders, Democrats, pretty much all, and move the severely mentally ill off your streets and back into a place where they can get help and the help that they desperately need.I want to recognize, by the way, a few very special people. You have some really great people here. And I'm sorry, I can't mention all, we have congressmen all over the place. But I just can't mention you today. You're never going to speak to me. But would anybody like to hear these congressmen's names?But I do have to mention a few people were truly honored to be joined by a man who is a Democrat and a former member of the New York City Council. And he's been a friend of mine. And he helped me very much with the very point project and getting it working and did a really good job. Ruben Diaz Sr. Come on up, Ruben. Good.RUBEN DIAZ JR., NEW YORK CITY POLITICIAN: Thank you. Mr. President, I am a Puerto Rican, a black Puerto Rican. I used to be a state senator for 15 years. I used to be city council member. Today, I'm here for various reasons. But I want to tell you first that as a Puerto Rican, as a Hispanic, I want to apologize to you for the conduct of Judge Juan Merchan. As a Hispanic, I want to apologize.He's been used. He has been used to destroy you. But we know better than that. We know better than that. As a minister, President of the New York Hispanic Credit Organization. I want to tell AOC. This morning, she intended to become a prophet. And she said, even God doesn't want Trump in the Bronx, because it's going to rain.Madam Prophet AOC, you have become a false prophet. Look at what a beautiful day. That means that not only you guys want Trump in the Bronx, because if we're going to measure that for the weather, then I will say humbly, that even God wants you in the Bronx.And I want.(PEOPLE CHANTING USA)DIAZ: And I want -- I want to close by saying, I want to close by saying, Mr. President, I want to join you in having the Bronx great again. Please accept this Democrat, this black Puerto Rican with a kinky hair and a broken English, please accept my endorsement for you as a president. Thank you very much.(APPLAUSE)TRUMP: Thank you very much. How nice was that? I didn't expect that. Really, that was beautiful. It's dangerous to do that. You never know what's going to come out. Maybe he'll change his mind coming up. But he doesn't change his mind. That man is a winner. He's a winner and a great man. Thank you very much.Also with us is New York native and current U.S. congressman. He's hot as a pistol. Oh, boy, he has a future. And he's a great friend of mine, Byron Donalds. Come up, please.UNKNOWN: Wow. Mr. President --INGRAHAM: All right. Joining me now from the rally, and we'll dip back into it, is Lattina Brown, who lives in the Bronx. She's a Democrat. She's voting for Trump, and one of the organizers of the Trump march held in the South Bronx last weekend. Also with me is Madeline Brame, former Democrat, New York City resident. She spoke just before the former president did tonight. Lattina, let's start with you. Now, you're a Democrat. You're supporting Trump. Why?LATTINA BROWN, BRONX RESIDENT: Well, it's time for a change in leadership. We've been voting down the same party for years now, and nothing has changed. Things have gotten out of control. We're dealing with housing situations. We're dealing with homelessness, the mentally ill, crime. There's a lot happening here. Inflation.So, it's time that we unite, Democrats, Republicans, independents and conservatives, and start voting in this general election. We need a change in leadership. And I have to do what I have to do as a community advocate to unite the people.INGRAHAM: Madeline, you and I have talked before about crime and how it ravages especially the minority community. Former President Trump spoke directly to that point tonight. How important is that at this moment?MADELINE BRAME, NEW YORK CITY RESIDENT: Yes, it is. I mean, it is imperative at this point in time, you know. If we don't restore law and order in New York City and every major city across this country, it's just going to self-decimate from the inside out.We have so many, you know, mothers that are down at the mall identifying their dead child's body. You know, we have so many young people who have lost their lives at the hands of someone who looks just like them. All right.So, we need we need to focus on initiatives that are going to help our young people. Avoid incarceration, number one. We -- you know, we need to replace those drugs and those guns with something like a hammer and some nails and some sheetrock and some metal work and ironwork. All right. We need to replace those things.INGRAHAM: Lattina, I want to just go back to you for a moment. We're watching this. We played almost the entire rally. And it's so fascinating to watch this coalition of Americans, working class, black, brown, white, young, old, come together for what President -- former President Trump said is common sense solutions to restore New York, the Bronx and America.How important is that common sense theme and that unity theme that he was interweaving throughout his entire speech tonight?BROWN: Well, I think it's very important. We -- well, we did the pre rally. I did this in partnership with Black Patriots for Trump with Derrick Gibson and with Reverend Ruben Diaz Sr.We wanted to send a strong message to the Democrats, to the DNC, that we will not sit back and allow them to destroy our country, allow them to destroy our city and our communities. We want common sense leadership.And I think that what President Trump is saying, he's trying to unite all of us together. We should not be fighting. There's not -- it shouldn't be about Republicans, Democrats, conservatives. It should be about all of us coming to the forefront to really send a strong message.And if you look at the people standing here at this park, the Bronx came out today heavy. They came out today heavy. That pre-rally, it gained us so much national attention. It sent a strong message that we are just fed up. I'm fed up. I live in this community.I live 10 minutes away from this park. I've lived in this community for 19 years. I'm a mom. I have a daughter. We worry about our safety, taking public transportation. I mean, how much more of this do we have to take? So, we need to get Trump back into office.INGRAHAM: I loved it. There's a lot of love there tonight. And President Trump's love of New York came through, which I loved hearing about how much he loves the city and he loves all the boroughs. Lattina and Madeline, thank you so much.Joining me now, Vivek Ramaswamy, former 2024 presidential candidate. He's coming to us from Livingston County, Michigan, where he's campaigning for Republicans. Vivek, we hate to cut away even for a second from this, from this rally, because it's so exciting. It looks pretty boring where you are. But no, I'm just kidding.But this is a moment that we've all been waiting for, Vivek. You and I have talked about it, bringing the country together and going into these liberal strongholds where liberal policies have destroyed communities. How big is this tonight?VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This is big time. And in that room, we got about a thousand people who are raucously cheering in a swing state like Michigan. We're seeing this across the country, Laura, is that America First includes all Americans. This is bigger than the Republican Party.I'm speaking at the Libertarian Party Convention tomorrow night. President Trump's speaking there on Saturday night. It's bigger than the Republican label. This is about a movement that's bringing in that multi-ethnic working-class coalition that I think has the potential to deliver a landslide this year like we have not seen since Reagan in 1980 and 1984.It's up to us to now show up in those places where traditional Republicans don't show up to actually capture those votes. That's what President Trump is doing in the South Bronx tonight.INGRAHAM: It's so exciting to see women out there in such huge numbers. Again, black, brown people from all backgrounds. And you know what has been missing in politics in the sad economic times that we've lived in? It's fun, Vivek.Politics can actually be fun. And he's having fun up there. He's enjoying himself. And I think we look at the difference between Biden, who struggles, just struggles to speak, sometimes struggles to move. And Trump's up there just freewheeling. And he said, look, Biden couldn't do this. That is true. Biden could not do what he's doing tonight.RAMASWAMY: And fun is unifying. It's not just going to be through debating one policy issue or another, but bringing the spirit to say, we might not agree on everything as Americans, but you know what? We're going to have fun together, even as we spar. And I think President Trump is doing a great job of that. And I think it's going to be a competitive weapon heading into the fall.INGRAHAM: Vivek, you're doing a great job in Michigan, I know. We'll check back with you. Let's go back dipping into the rally. President Trump is still speaking in the South Bronx.TRUMP: -- Gershwin, Frank Sinatra, and in baseball alone, Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Joe DiMaggio, Jackie Robinson, and many, many others. It's a city where workers and skilled craftsmen strode across steel beams 80-stories high to build the great Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building and all of the others.It's the city that lit up the shining lights of Broadway, that turned Times Square from a seedy, dirty, long forgotten area into one of the greatest crossroads of light and glamour anywhere in the world.It's a city that produced generations of everyday American heroes who willingly spilled their blood and gave everything they had to make America into the greatest nation in the history of the world.Above all, this is the place that every one of us here today has been proud to call our home, our town, our city. And we are the ones who are going to make our city great again.It was hardworking patriots like you who built this city, and it is hardworking patriots -- and this is something you can say it, and you can say it a million times, and you can emblazon it. It's hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. You are going to save our country. We're going to get out and vote like never before.INGRAHAM: You heard President Trump. He loves New York, and he believes New York should be saved, and all of the cities across this country, these wonderful places where so many hardworking Americans deserve better. This was a historic night.Jesse Watters and the gang are next. President Trump is just about to wrap, but stay with us on Fox for all the coverage of this and a lot more. See you tomorrow night.