LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Mitch McConnell, all the Republicans, you might not have liked Trump, but do you like this? Is this America to you?Mollie and Ben, thank you so much.That's all for us tonight. Make sure to follow me on social media. I'll be continuing to comment of the events of the day. Don't get mad, get motivated. Jesse --JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Fox News Alert: A Manhattan jury has convicted Donald Trump of 34 felony counts. This is the first time in American president has ever been convicted of a crime, but the only thing Trump is guilty of is beating Hillary and leading Joe Biden.The former president was expressionless as the verdict was read. Moments later, he walked through the cameras and reacted.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This was a disgrace. This was a rigged trial by a conflicted judge who is corrupt. It is a rigged trial, a disgrace.I am a very innocent man, and it's okay, I'm fighting for our country, I'm fighting for our Constitution.Our whole country is being rigged right now.We'll keep fighting. We will fight till the end and we'll win, because our country has gone to hell. We don't have the same country anymore. We have a divided mess.We're a nation in decline -- serious decline. Millions and millions of people pouring into our country right now from prisons and from mental institutions, terrorists, and they're taking over our country.We have a country that's in big trouble. But this was a rigged decision right from day one with a conflicted judge who should have never been allowed to try this case, never. And we will fight for our Constitution. This is long from over.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And this is long from over. Trump will be sentenced on July 11th, a week before the Republican National Convention.Given his clean background, age and presidential status, it's highly unlikely he'll be sentenced to prison. Although this judge is capable of anything: He is a Biden donor and donates to a group called Stop Republicans and he spent the last six weeks stopping the nation's strongest Republican from campaigning and sometimes even talking.Trump will appeal and will almost certainly win on appeal, but not until after the election. Not that it matters to Democrats, the Biden campaign salivating at the opportunity to call their opponent a convicted felon.This was never about the law. DA Alvin Bragg ran on fighting Trump, not crime and everybody when they walk around New York knows he did his job.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALVIN BRAGG, MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY: I did my job. Our job is to follow the facts and the law without fear or favor and that's exactly what we did here.I did my job. We did our job. Many voices out there. The only voice that matters is the voice of the jury and the jury has spoken.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The number three guy in Biden's Justice Department left to help Bragg resurrect the dead case from eight years ago and twist an NDA with a bimbo into 34 felonies, and a biased jury bought it.If silencing bimbo eruptions is a felony, then let's lock up Bill, Carville, and Stephanopoulos who had their own war room fighting Stormies.Injustice has been the theme since 2016. Dossiers, hoaxes, CIA and FBI plots, Fauci's pandemic cover up and after the last election, Trump has been surrounded with danger.His house was raided, his family's privacy violated. The Feds given the authority to use deadly force. He's been fingerprinted, mug shot, gagged, censored, white substances sent to his kids' homes and now unfairly convicted of a made-up crime in a Soviet-style show trial orchestrated by Democrats in their bluest venue.Hatred and fear dominate the Democrat ruling class. They hate Trump more than they love the country and fear that you'll put him back in power, in that way, they hate you because power is all they love and they are willing to do anything to cling to it. They're willing to destroy the rule of law.The Republic has been wounded by weak lawyers and talentless political bloodhounds, but remain confident that the American people's sense of fairness and justice will prevail, and that these evil men and women will be vanquished and the injustice rectified and the stain on our democracy washed away.Remain steady and calm and focused on the goal. Juries don't decide our election, you do. So do what's right. We can't take this anymore.Trump attorney, Todd Blanche is here now. Did your client get a fair trial?TODD BLANCHE, DONALD TRUMP ATTORNEY: I mean, no. I don't think so.I mean we've been saying for over a year that we couldn't get a fair trial in Manhattan. We couldn't get a fair trial with the judge and it played out in lots of ways exactly as we expected.WATTERS: Was this judge fair? Did he follow the rule of law?BLANCHE: Look, I'm not going to criticize the judge right now. I think that there were a lot of decisions that he made leading up to the trial, which really hurt us at trial that we very much disagree with. They're part of the public record, everything from him not recusing himself to the decisions he made during the omnibus motion process, the motion to eliminate process, and what happens in a trial is you show up for trial and all those decisions that have been made in the weeks and months leading up to trial, they matter.The evidence that can come in, the evidence that cannot come in and when we showed up at trial, that's where we really felt that we weren't getting a fair shake.WATTERS: You believe the judge should have recused?BLANCHE: Look, we filed two separate motions saying that the judge should have recused himself, he didn't. It's something that we went to the first department to appeal it before the trial started. I expect that will be one of the things that we appeal.WATTERS: So you believe this judge was biased because of his donations and because of his family financial interest in the outcome of this case.BLANCHE: Look, our system of justice requires not only the actual -- that a judge that is actually biased recuse himself but that a judge that even has the appearance of bias to recuse himself. And our papers are public, we felt very strongly that there was an actual bias that this judge had, and even if not an actual bias, that there was certainly a perception of bias, he disagreed.He is a judge in our system, he gets to make that decision and it is something that we get to appeal, but we certainly felt pretty strongly about our position.WATTERS: You believe Donald Trump's constitutional rights were violated?BLANCHE: In many ways, yes.WATTERS: How so?BLANCHE: Well, if you look at, for example, the gag order that was put in place, and then you had a situation where President Trump who is on the campaign trail, and is trying to compete with voices that are saying things every day that he cannot respond to without the risk of being fined which he was, or going to prison for violating it. That affects not only President Trump, that affects every voter, whether they're going to vote for President Trump, or against President Trump. That affects every single voter in this country, because they don't get to hear from the candidate.We very much disagreed with that order. We appealed that as well. There was a lot about what happened over the past year, that, you know, I sit here tonight, the verdict just came down today. But really, there's a lot that's happened over the past year, that I think that Americans should look very hard at.Just the whole way this case was charged. The district attorney says that this type of case is the bread and butter, that they do these cases all the time. That is not true. It's just not true.This is a case that the records of -- President Trump's personal records, his personal checkbook from 2017 -- from 2017 is what he was on trial for. That does not happen all the time. It doesn't happen all the time in Manhattan, that doesn't have to happen all the time in any jurisdiction in this country.And that's fine, that's fine if you want to indict somebody and go after somebody for conduct that happened in 2017. But I think where it becomes problematic for me as a lawyer, is don't look me in the eye and says this is bread and butter. We do this all the time, that we're treating President Trump like we treat anybody else.That's not true. That's not true.WATTERS: Here was Alvin Bragg just an hour ago.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Thanks Mr. Steinglass. Many people said the prosecution was masterful and flawless. I just want to know how you feel at this moment.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'll let you have it.REPORTER: How do you feel?BRAGG: Mr. Steinglass, I think some of you probably saw him speak for a little bit the other day.(LAUGHTER)BRAGG: So he's done his job.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So the sense of what people are getting is this is a question from a reporter praising the prosecution. And then they're laughing, Todd, they're laughing. How does that make you feel?BLANCHE: Listen, they won today. They won today, and they're having their celebration, I'm sure right now, and I suppose they're entitled to do that.I guess the way I would say about how it makes me feel is it kind of confirms the point in many ways, right. So the point that we've been saying that this is not fair, this is not what this country should be doing to its political leaders, past and present, and then when you see it happen, and when you see it celebrated, and you hear laughter from the reporters at somebody who's just been convicted of 34 felonies, you know and I've said this in the trial but it's true.President Trump is an amazing man. He is president. He's running for president and he has a public persona. He's also a husband, a father, a grandfather, and a friend to a lot of people.And so when you see that happen to him, and I was standing right next to him today, and it's heartbreaking because they are laughing, laughing at a man, at a father, at a husband, at a grandfather and as somebody who is running for president and looks like will win, that's something that people should be troubled with, no matter who you're going to vote for.WATTERS: After this came down, you guys huddled up your team, and there was some discussion with the former president before you went and spoke to the press. What was his demeanor like in those moments?BLANCHE: Look, I've spent every -- almost every day with him for six weeks. He is so impressive when it comes to somebody who is -- I mean, being on trial as a defendant, I don't know what it's like, but I've been around a lot of people who are on trial. It's hard. It's hard every day, and he was resolute, strong.We were all more upset than he was. We're all sitting there, and he said, all right, let's go. What do I need to tell? What do I need to tell the American people right now? And we told him, you know, whatever's in your heart, whatever you want to say.And he said, I got it. I got it.So we were all huddling in to give him counsel and the man needed no counsel, and that's what he's been like. By the way, he is facing three more indictments. Three more indictments, right?So you're talking about a man that's been indicted four times in one year in four different jurisdictions, four different jurisdictions, running for president and winning, and still able to just stand there and look at his staff, his team, a lot of great a great men and women that are around him every day, his lawyers, and just say, you know what, I've got this. Let's go, you know.And that's what he was like. Today for sure, which was a tough day, but that's what he was like every single day. I mean, there was a lot. Everybody saw him every day. You know, that wasn't -- that wasn't a prop. Right? That was -- that's who he is.And he went into court every day and he sat there. And he had questions, and he helped us and he was committed to his defense and fighting every single day, which is what he has done for the past eight years.And so he gave me confidence today. You know, everybody texted me -- my friends and colleagues, how are you doing? How are you doing? I'm doing fine. You know, I am. I am doing great. And we're going to fight -- wake up tomorrow and fight. Next week, my team and I are going to Florida, because we have another case that we have to fight in Florida and that's what we're going to do.We're going to go there. We're going to go into a SCIF and we're going to fight that case, too. And that's -- and we're doing that because he gives us the energy and we're doing it to hopefully, you know, to help him.WATTERS: How involved was Donald Trump in his own defense?BLANCHE: I mean, what do you think? I mean, very involved and he is a smart guy. He knows what he's doing.He jokingly said to us a lot, sometimes he wanted to be the litigator, you know, he wanted to be the one that was actually arguing because he's a smart guy and he knows what he's doing.We made every decision together, we did. And there were things that he was frustrated with, you know, the judge, several months ago, there was -- we wanted to be able to argue, reliance of counsel, but to some extent, President Trump was relying on his lawyer and the judge didn't allow us to do that.Things like that where he would really push us in and say, well, why can't we do this? Why can't we do that? It was it was an honor for me to spend the last six weeks with him defending him.It didn't work out. I mean, we got a bad result today. It's not over. You know, it's not over at all, but it was -- it was great.WATTERS: Were you satisfied with jury selection? And was the former president involved in that in any way?BLANCHE: I mean, very much involved. He was right there with the whole team talking about the potential jurors.Look, was I satisfied? We put a motion in because we said we could not get a fair jury in Manhattan and that's not a -- I'm not being disparaging to the jurors, man. They were great. They showed up on time every day. They were committed, they paid attention.But we're in a situation where we had a very limited number of people we could strike. And most of the folks, an overwhelming number of folks had a very strong opinion of President Trump and it wasn't positive.And so imagine you going -- imagine you, Jesse, going to trial facing 34 felony counts and a hundred people walk in the room, and the judge says basically, if you have a strong view of Jesse Watters, you can go ahead and leave. Half the room leaves. Half the room just walks out.Okay, so that's what we were dealing with. And look, that's not a reflection of the of the jury pool. That's not even a reflection of the judge. That's just the reality of New York City.WATTERS: And that's the venue. And that's the big problem about this. Another big problem was that Biden's number three guy at Justice, leaves Justice goes and works for Alvin Bragg and all of a sudden this case is resuscitated out of the blue.How do you process that?BLANCHE: Well, I'm not really allowed to comment on that because we're goes and works for Alvin Bragg and all of a sudden this case is resuscitated out of the blue. How do you process that?BLANCHE: Well, I'm not really allowed to comment on that, because we're still under a gag order. But I will say that the timing of this most recent grand jury, meaning the 2023 grand jury that ultimately indicted President Trump kicked into action less than two months after President Trump announced he is running for re-election.And there are coincidences, and then there's coincidences, and I don't think that that's just something that happened. The witnesses in this case testified about meeting with prosecutors since a year of our Lord 2019- 2018, okay.And now they're meeting again in 2023, going into the grand jury to talk about a records case that has to do with 2017. I mean, I don't have to make much of an argument there about what the situation is. That's not -- it kind of writes itself.WATTERS: Yes. You put on a case, we couldn't see it. There were no cameras in the courtroom. Could you tell us tonight the audience, what you said in closing?BLANCHE: Well, look, our closing was the same thing that we've been saying in our writing to the court and saying to the world for the past year, which is that, that you cannot convict the former president of the United States of crimes, supposed crimes that happened in 2015, 2016, and 2017 when you're relying on the word of somebody who is not only that he is a -- you know, someone who has lied under oath in the past, but his life mission is to destroy President Trump.There is nothing wrong with that, by the way, to each his own. This is America. But it's not enough that he is dedicated to destroying President Trump, they're calling him as a witness at trial and that really bothered me as a former prosecutor, it bothers me as an attorney, as somebody who's part of the judicial system for the past 20 years.There's people that really shouldn't be witnesses at trial and I've said -- I'm not saying that I didn't say it in court. I am not saying that I didn't say, you know, in filings. And so that's what we said to the jury, and, you know, they convicted today and their verdict is their verdict, and we're going to -- we're going to fight.WATTERS: Would you have done anything differently? Is there a witness you said, oh, maybe I should have called that witness? Maybe I should have done this?BLANCHE: I don't know. I've got to think about that, man. But we had a team. You know, my team is amazing. You know, the folks that work with us were -- they are brilliant. And then the president has a team and they're brilliant and we all did the best that we could, and I wouldn't change anything that we did.Of course, I'm sure there's going to be folks that are on your show that take a different view. And maybe I will, too, at some point, but no, we did the best we could.WATTERS: All right, well, Todd, thank you very much. It was a historic case and you were a part of that. It didn't work out the way it should have, but that's life, and things will get better.BLANCHE: Thank you. Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Thank you very much.BLANCHE: All right, thank you.WATTERS: Fox News contributor and George Washington law professor, Jonathan Turley joins me now.Is there anything you want to say to react to Todd Blanche?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: No, a lot of what Todd said resonates, particularly with some of us who watched the trial from in the courtrooms. The fact is that this might have been an impossible task given the instructions that the court ultimately issued.I mean, it was an effective shortening of the football field for the prosecution that may have made this inevitable. I wrote a column yesterday in "The Hill" that said that it had the feel of a canned hunt where people are allowed to shoot game in a cage or a small space, because the judge created that small space. I disagree with the judge.To this moment, I don't know what the president was convicted of in the sense that the jury verdict form, just as they were unanimous that some secondary crime was the basis of these falsified document violations.So the judge said you could just pick anything on the menu. You know, there are three crimes here, a federal election violation, falsification of documents, a tax violation, go with any or all of them.So we don't even know if they were unanimous on what actually happened and in some ways, the form created by the court may ultimately help Donald Trump. There is a unanimity requirement, and it is not clear that the courts will accept this as unanimity, because you could have had a four- four-four jury. You could have a jury that had vastly different ideas of what this uncharged conspiracy was all about.But there are layers of reversible error here and I don't want to add to the anger, there's anger here and there's unhinge celebration. I think that people can look at this verdict and disagree with it or support it without hating each other.We have a system that's designed to deal with these types of cases. I think this case was not based on the law. I think it was a political prosecution. I think it had layers of reversible error. Many will disagree with me.We have a system designed for that. It's a good system. And it goes beyond Manhattan.WATTERS: It does.TURLEY: And this could well go all the way to Washington.WATTERS: It does, Professor. We have a great system, but the system isn't designed for political show trials.Yes, Trump can win on appeal and everything will be adjudicated properly. Yes, we have a great system. But when the system is abused by politicians and politicized district attorneys before an election, who cares if it's thrown on appeal? You've got a convicted felon now who is in the middle of an election. That's not the right system.TURLEY: Yes, look, I agree that I think it's unassailable that this was a political prosecution. Even people on other networks have said this has never been brought before in a case like this. It would never have been brought against anyone other than Donald Trump. That's what was maddening about Bragg's press conference, when he said, oh, this is just standard stuff.A lot of us were guffawing. No one has ever seen a case like this. Into the very closing argument, no one could figure out what their theory of prosecution was.So, this isn't standard.WATTERS: Well, think about that, Professor. You are an esteemed Constitutional Law Professor, you've testified on Capitol Hill.You're a published author. You're a columnist. And you can't tell us what the law was. You can't understand what the theory is. You don't know what the jury decided. Think about that, and this is a former president of the United States and that's what they're bringing.TURLEY: No, it is true. No, it's true.To this day with that verdict, I don't know what they thought was the conspiracy. What was that secondary crime? That's obviously not right. And you know, when I was in the courtroom and the verdict was being read, and the word guilty was stated 34 times, I was really shocked by how gleeful some people were.You know, there's a tendency in our politics did not treat people as people, you know, that this was an individual who's being convicted, I think wrongly. But the level of glee was what was really incredible.When I came out of the courtroom, to see the celebration outside of people joyously saying that a former president has been convicted. Regardless of how you feel about this case, that's a sad moment for a country, but it's not over.And I think the one thing to take away from Blanche is I think, the important one, he said, tomorrow we're going to get to work and they need to because this is a target rich environment for appeal.WATTERS: All right, Professor, thank you so much.Judge Jeanine Pirro is here.He's right. They dehumanized Donald Trump.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CO-HOST, "THE FIVE": Yep.WATTERS: They're treating him like a caged animal and to feel that glee, the celebration in the streets all over the country, from people that don't even understand the law, and are happy that the law is being abused. How does that make you feel?PIRRO: Well, look, I've devoted three decades to the criminal justice system. It really is -- it breaks my heart.One of the things that struck me when I saw Alvin Bragg and his prosecutors, and they were like, you know, how does he feel on that one? I told my prosecutors whenever you convict someone, that's a sad day for a family. It's a sad day for an individual, something terrible has happened.And the glee that we're seeing, as far as I'm concerned is un-American. And this is a sad day for America.We went over a cliff. We had a judge who was handpicked in a case that was taken out of turn so that it would occur before the election and a magic show with a porn star and a serial perjurer. No one knows what the crimes were.And in the end, someone asked this, was the Constitution violated? Yes, the First Amendment as it related to the gag order, the Fifth Amendment as it related to whether or not Donald Trump even had any idea of what the charges were; the Sixth Amendment as it related to whether or not those charges had to be unanimous as it related to the unknown crimes -- all of this is reversible. This is a case riddled with error.But more important, I think America needs to understand. We have convicted a former president of the United States of America on a crime that people don't even know what it means, in an environment where 85 percent of the people are anti-Trump.This is something that we have to step back and say we are too good for this and we will now appeal, there's no question about it. I know this. I know this trial. I know this case. I know the law, we went on appeal.But they have used their power, their hunger for power and their hunger to be in control to destroy a man who is the strongest man I've ever met, to put some half-wit in the White House, and I don't mean to call them that, that's not fair either.But the truth is, they had to do this because Donald Trump is winning, with women, with minorities, with the underserved, and he is the guy that America is relying on right now to stand up and say, I can be strong for all of you.WATTERS: You just heard Tom Blanche say they impaneled this grand jury to resuscitate this case just moments after Donald Trump announced he was running for re-election.PIRRO: Right.WATTERS: You were in the courtroom for a few days. And you know Donald Trump, you've known him personally. What experience is that like? If you're running for president, you're a billionaire and you're in a cage for six weeks. You can't move, you can barely talk from the heart, as he likes to do. How do you think he processed this whole thing?PIRRO: I think what most people don't understand about the man that they're trying to villainize, the man that a jury convicted based upon what the judge told them was the thing to do is that he is the strongest man you will ever meet.This is a man who under duress is energized. This is a man who goes into a cage to take a stick and put it in the eye of the tiger. That's Donald Trump.And if anything, it's energizing him, and it will energize his base. And in America, we have to stand up and say we are not a third world country. We are not a place where we indict our enemies in order to interfere with an election and then call the indictment a conviction election interference.You know, this is a country that's too good for all of this. And hopefully America will recognize that on November 4th.WATTERS: We are too good for this.PIRRO: The 5th.WATTERS: Vote early. Vote early. You can vote early now. You can vote for six weeks before the election.PIRRO: Yes, early, but not often.WATTERS: Right. Not often. Not often.PIRRO: Just early.WATTERS: Thank you so much, Judge. I'll see you tomorrow on "The Five."PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: Ohio Senator JD Vance joins me now.Senator, you were there, showed up to show your support for the president. I think it was last week. How are you understanding this as a guy in Ohio now? And what are all the people in Ohio feeling?SEN. JD VANCE (R-OH): Look, Jesse, I've ever heard constituents so frustrated and so angry at what they've seen, not the 2020 election, not the fake impeachment scams. This I think, has activated Republicans.And you know, you see Alvin Bragg and a lot of these other criminal prosecutors, they have a spring in their step today. I think they're going to realize that what they have done has backfired terribly.The one thing I will say, Jesse, and I'm hearing from constituents all over the state of Ohio, they're frustrated, they're angry, and they're saying, how can we help? What can we do? They feel so powerless, which I certainly understand, because this sham prosecution is happening in New York so far away from the state of Ohio.The answer is get involved, Jesse. Go to DonaldJTrump.com. Support the president, volunteer for him, donate for him. And please, for the love of God, vote for him in November because, Jesse, the thing that we've learned is that these far left people, they don't respect anything but power, that is the only language they speak. And the only way for us to fight back successfully is to elect Donald Trump in November.WATTERS: When Donald Trump is elected, if he is elected, is there a strategy to rectify the injustice? I don't know what that would look like. But there has to be something done to the system in order to hold people accountable, so we don't have to go through a cycle of political violence like we're seeing right now in the courts.VANCE: Absolutely, Jesse.You hear so many experts, frankly, from across the aisle say that this case won't stand up on appeal. Well, if the case won't stand up on appeal, why was it ever brought in the first place? Why was a judge whose family has gotten rich off of Democratic Party fundraising allowed to preside over this thing in the first place?And Republicans, Jesse, we cannot just sit on our hands. We can't just complain about it. As important as all of that stuff is. We have to be willing to fight back. We need to be subpoenaing Judge Merchan and his daughter. We need to understand what are the connections between big Democratic money and this sham prosecution.Did George Soros ever talk to Alvin Bragg about using his power to go after Donald Trump? We need to get to the bottom of it. And when we find wrongdoing, we need to be willing to actually punish it. That is the only, again, the only language that I think these people are going to understand is that if they do this, if they turn the American system of justice into banana republic garbage, they're going to suffer consequences for it.And if they don't, Jesse, it's not going to stop with Donald Trump. Banana republics never stop with a guy at the top. It's going to go after a ton of other Republican officials and conservatives unless we fight back.WATTERS: Yup. Stop it now. Full-throated investigation and full accountability. Absolutely necessary.JD Vance, thank you so much.VANCE: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Trump's senior adviser Jason Miller is here now.I heard you guys broke the internet today with donations.JASON MILLER, TRUMP SENIOR ADVISER: We did, DonaldJTrump.com. Everybody is going.There were so many hits to the website. Within about two or three minutes, it crashed out. But it's back up and running. No one's going to stop us. No one's going to slow us down.Jesse, I just came from Trump Tower with President Trump. There's nobody who is more defiant and who is going to be out there fighting all the way through and I have a message for these crooked Democrats who think they got away with one today, the real verdict is going to be November 5th.WATTERS: At Trump Tower, what was the former president saying to you guys just now?MILLER: He is ready to get out there and start fighting again. He's doing a press conference tomorrow at 11:00 AM. He is not giving up. He is back on the campaign trail.And I tell you, this entire thing was political from the get go. Six weeks, they're trying to keep him off the campaign trail. The Biden campaign knew this was political. They sent down that washed up loser Robert De Niro and tried to make a press conference out of it, trying to keep President Trump off the campaign trail away from Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, all the states.But the American people sees right through it. They see right through it. That's why his poll numbers have been going up continually. And I think people realize, wait a minute, this is tyranny. This is not what's supposed to happen in America.If there is an election, you go let the combatants go at it in the election. You don't go and try to lock up your opponent. This is America. This is -- we're not supposed to be a third world country. That's what we've turned into under Joe Biden.WATTERS: The polling when you look at is awash. If Donald Trump's convicted, does that change the way you feel about him? Is it going to affect your vote? How do you guys see a felony conviction in New York City affecting the polling?MILLER: Well, if you look at the previous indictments that the president has had, his numbers have gone up every single time. The fact that we broke the internet tonight with all the donations and contributions. And by the way, it doesn't matter if it's $5.00 or $10.00, and it's not even just the donations, people signing up to volunteer.People are coming off the sidelines, sending us messages, people who have never been active with the president before, people I haven't heard from in years, if not a decade, saying I want in. I want to help President Trump, this makes me sick to my stomach.WATTERS: If every time there's a raid or an indictment or a mug shot, Trump's numbers go up. Why did the Democrats keep on trying to destroy him in the courtroom? Wouldn't that make no sense?MILLER: Have you seen Joe Biden?WATTERS: Yes.MILLER: They're stuck with Joe Biden. That's their problem. They can't go and talk away inflation. They can't go and talk away the crisis at the border. They can't talk away all the killing in Ukraine or in Israel. All they can do is try to go after President Trump with lawfare.But the American people are pretty smart. They see right through this.WATTERS: Well, we know Joe Biden's going to call your boss a convicted felon. What is Donald Trump going to say back to that?MILLER: Well, first, I'd say where's Hunter? That'd be the first point. But then second, you know what, Joe? June 27th in the debate, you're going to have to answer for how you've ruined this country. So bring it on, Joe.WATTERS: All right. Bring it on. Thank you very much. Jason Miller broke the internet. Good luck.MILLER: Thank you.WATTERS: Let's bring in White House correspondent Peter Doocy.All right, Peter.So we heard that the president was going to say something tonight, and then he backtracked. What happened?PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good question, Jesse.The White House gave us a lid at 9:53 this morning and they never lifted it. President Biden remains in Rehoboth Beach with his family, but somebody in Wilmington with access to the e-mail list sent out a text, a fundraising text to every number that they had. And part of it said, ". despite a jury finding Donald Trump guilty today, there is still only one way to keep Donald Trump out of the Oval Office: At the ballot box."And then they go on, "If you've been waiting for the perfect time to make your first donation to Joe Biden's re-election campaign, we're here to tell you today is the day."We had been led to believe over the last couple of days that the White House may quickly start branding the former president as "convicted felon Donald Trump" if this happened, but that has not happened.The White House special counsel is telling us they respect the rule of law. No further comment and a campaign official in Wilmington is telling us, "Donald Trump has always mistakenly believed he would never face consequences for breaking the law for his own personal gain. But today's verdict does not change the fact that the American people face a simple reality. There is still only one way to keep Donald Trump out of the Oval Office: at the ballot box, convicted felon or not. Trump will be the Republican nominee for president."But by President Biden not talking which we thought he was going to when his verdict came down, that means that Donald Trump can come out and say Joe Biden is doing this to bruise a political opponent and President Biden is not giving a rebuttal, at least not yet.We looked at the schedule for tomorrow. We don't know when he would. So I'm sure it'll happen at some point, but you went all the eyeballs are on this exact story and this event, nothing from the president.WATTERS: All right, he's always moved a little slowly, Joe Biden has, maybe it would give you an opportunity to catch him one of these days.Peter Doocy, good luck out there.DOOCY: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Fox News contributor, Tulsi Gabbard joins me now.So you just heard Peter Doocy say the White House, the campaign is fundraising off of Democrats, convicting their rival. Fundraising, Tulsi.TULSI GABBARD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So much for the rule of law, Jesse. I think this is adding insult to injury to the seriousness of what the Biden-Harris administration, the Democrat elite are doing to destroy our country, to destroy our democracy, to undermine the rule of law.And my hope is that the people who are watching this, the American people who are watching this are understanding that this is a very serious wake-up call, that the consequences of this extend far beyond this case, this verdict, even Donald Trump.President Biden is guilty of turning our country into a banana republic. What does that mean for you and me and every American? That means we have to now think twice before challenging or opposing or criticizing the political party that's in power without being concerned about how they may now use the levers of the Department of Justice and law enforcement to then come after us. That's the serious issue that's at stake here.And the only way that we save our democracy and reverse the damage that's already been done, is when every single one of us as Americans -- Democrats, Republicans, Independents, libertarians -- we take it upon ourselves to choose freedom to save our country, save our democracy and punish President Biden and his administration, those who are abusing their power on November 5th and vote for Donald Trump.WATTERS: You're right. It's been a pattern about punishment. If you tried to open a salon during the pandemic, they arrested you; if you tried to say something during the pandemic, they censored you. And now Republicans aren't safe in New York.I mean, a lot of New Yorkers aren't safe in New York, but now, the Republican nominee for president who lives here, used to, still has a place here, isn't safe in the city he was born in from political persecution.You say there needs to be accountability. What will that look like if Donald Trump wins re-election?GABBARD: Well, the accountability, first of all, is making sure that they recognize and that we send this strong message to anyone who dares to do what Joe Biden and the Democrat elite are doing is that we, the people are not going to stand for it.President Trump gets elected in this election, we send this strong message to the American people and there needs to be a wholesale cleaning of house within these institutions to root out the corruption and the deep state and those who care more about their power than they actually do about our Constitution and our freedom.This is the beauty of our democratic republic. Our founders were so wise in placing the power in our hands to send a strong message, to punish those who abuse their power and send them packing.So it's on us to take action to do that this November.WATTERS: They are willing to destroy the rule of law to cling to power. Why? What is it about power and the Democrats that is so life and death?GABBARD: It's all they care about, Jesse.This is yet another example of how they care for themselves, their position, their title, fame, attention, whatever, all of these trinkets and the facade and the trappings that come with their position as power and they're so terrified to lose it, that they recognize that a free people in a free society, in a free country with the freedom to think for ourselves and cast our votes for who we want to be our president and commander-in- chief, we are the greatest threat to their power.Donald Trump is the greatest threat to their power, which is why they are willing to do anything and everything in order to try to stop him, and even more importantly, to take away our freedom. That's really what's at stake here and why we cannot -- we cannot allow this to happen.WATTERS: No, we can't. And we won't. Tulsi Gabbard, thank you as always.GABBARD: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: North Dakota Governor and former presidential candidate, Doug Burgum is here now.We just heard from JD Vance say that something has been ignited within the American populace that people have now had it, and they're asking what can I do? How can I help? How can I get engaged? Are you feeling that way?GOV. DOUG BURGUM (R-ND): Absolutely. And my phone is blowing up from the same thing that Jason said. My phone is blowing up from people I haven't heard from a long time like saying, how can I get involved? How can I fundraise? What can I do?Because I think they understand when Alvin Bragg looked in the camera tonight and said "I did my job," you know who he was talking to? Joe Biden.He wasn't talking to the American people, he was working for Joe Biden, so he says that and then of course, everybody is giggling, as you pointed out.They are giggling and they are laughing, but I want for Americans to know also, you know, who else was giggling and laughing? I'm sure Putin was. I'm sure the ayatollahs were. I'm sure Xi was because guess what, our enemies around the world would love to see nothing more than the weakness of Joe Biden for another four years because they have prospered while the American has suffered when Joe Biden has been in office.So for those people that are out there that you know, today that you know, they couldn't -- they are having trouble paying for the groceries, paying for their gas, paying their rent, their electricity bill is up, this verdict changes nothing for them, they're still in the same piece of hardship they were before and they know they were better off under President Trump.And the liberals can't figure out why would people keep supporting, you know, Donald Trump, even if he's convicted? Well, people know that New York does a lot of things that the rest of the country wouldn't do. And this is an example of one of those things.And so when, you know, the common sense of the working people of America is rising up right now, because this is going to be the last straw for some of them.WATTERS: Let's talk about that. So you're in North Dakota, there's a lot of places in the country like that, a lot of people like that, that love you that understand common sense and the way America is supposed to work. They don't understand what Manhattan is like. They don't understand how wicked it could be, and how diabolical these people can be and how corrupt it is.What is the rest of the country feeling when they see a travesty unfold in you know, what many people believe is the greatest city on Earth?BURGUM: Well, I think there's a piece of it that they get, because where they put a hundred people in the room and we're going to pick 12. And then if those 12 voted for president today, it would have been 12 for Biden and zero for President Trump.WATTERS: Right.BURGUM: I mean, I think people get that it's impossible for President Trump to get a fair trial in New York. And I asked the question today, too. I mean, just as a business guy, because I'm a business guy, not a lawyer, I let the lawyers tie the whole thing, but they talk about this is a business filing case. That's what this is about from seven years ago, which even if the alleged thing was actually true, it should have been a misdemeanor with a two-year statute of limitations.But somehow, they magically turn it into 34 felonies. And then they say, okay, well, we've got this business, you know, this business filing issue, then okay, well, there have been millions of business filing cases, where are all of the other CEOs in New York that have been on trial for six weeks, who had somebody down in the accounting department who filled out an AP form, accounts payable? I mean, the courts should be flooding.WATTERS: I mean, Governor, they bombed out the economy in 2008, the white collar guys, on Wall Street, blew it up. Blew it up. Did anybody really go to jail? Did anybody really get prosecuted? Not really.But this is a case? That is absolutely nuts.BURGUM: Yes. Because if you do business in New York, everybody that's the CEO that's ever done business in New York probably should go back and go, wow, did seven years ago somebody mislabeled a check that went out the door? Because I might end up on trial for six weeks.I mean, it would never happen, except if you're Donald Trump. So this is like the Soviet style thing. Show me the person and I'll show you the crime.WATTERS: Are you worried about the country? Do you think the country can come back from this? How deep does this go?BURGUM: It's a super sad day for me that this happened in our country, because I think it has really -- the average American understands. They go, wow, if they can do this to Donald Trump, who has probably paid more taxes and done more for the city than just about anybody who's ever lived there. If they would turn on him and do that, what would they do for the forgotten man or woman out there? And those people are frustrated, angry, and they're ready to make a difference on November 5th. I think it is going to happen.WATTERS: I can feel it, too. I agree.BURGUM: Absolutely.WATTERS: I think so, too. Doug Burgum, thanks as always.BURGUM: thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Fox News legal editor, Kerri Urbahn joins me now.All right, Kerri, you were there almost every day. This is the final day. Your thoughts?KERRI KUPEC URBAHN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL EDITOR: I think it's a very sad day for the country and it is much bigger than Donald Trump. We saw an incredible abuse of the justice system take place right before our eyes.You know, Jesse in a free and fair nation, certain things matter. One, that people know what they're being accused of, and that's fundamental in our Constitution -- Fifth and Sixth Amendments. Number two, witnesses are allowed to testify who will bring truth and will bring context. And three, statute of limitations matter.And all of that went out the window in this trial of the former president of United States, and it is a bad day for justice.WATTERS: As the verdict was read, you were there in overflow or in the courtroom. What was the atmosphere like?URBAHN: Well, we thought we were leaving for the day at 4:30 because that's what the judge had told us. So people were packing up. I'm watching Donald Trump on the monitor with his counsel. You know, they're relaxed, they're chatting, they're smiling. Same for the prosecution although they weren't as relaxed.And then suddenly we get a note saying that the jury asked for 30 minutes. They have a verdict. They need to fill out the form, and then everything changed.It was stressful, there was a lot of intense breathing around me from the press. Everyone is grabbing their laptops, not knowing what's going to happen, and then we got that verdict.WATTERS: How did the press react to the guilties?URBAHN: You know, everyone was furiously typing. I think people were stressed more than anything else about getting it out. And plus, we had just been yelled at by the court officer to make sure that he said, you know, no outbursts, basically no anything, don't speak, don't move. That was basically what we were told. So nobody wanted to make the officers mad.And then there were a couple of technology issues where you know, at key moments, it would freeze and we wouldn't be able to see anything. So people were panicked, but then everyone rushed out to go do hits.But you know, Jesse, I just -- what's remarkable to me is that I think the prosecution, what they were successful at was conflating dirty with illegal. You know, that's really what they were doing for weeks.And if anybody knows better, it would be a former top DOJ official and we know that he was driving this entire -- this entire thing, he has been after Trump for years. And you know, that's what they did.And prosecutors are not -- they're not supposed to just be better than that, they have to be better than that. Because that's how people trust the system and trust the law.And I think people look at this situation that just happened behind us and they say, if this can happen to the former leader of the free world who has numerous resources at his disposal, then what chance would I have? Especially in a system like New York's.WATTERS: We all feel a little vulnerable after what happened today. And you're right, this Biden -- former Biden prosecutor drove this thing and the judge, Kerri, the judge allowed it and assisted it, and that is absolutely corrupt.Speaking of which, Michael Cohen was just on one of the networks that competes with us, and I say compete in quotes. Here he is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER DONALD TRUMP ATTORNEY: So 34 counts, one after the other, after the other after the other, of guilty. It's accountability. It's exactly what America needs right now.We need for accountability to be had by all of those that break the law, because as we like to continuously state, no one is above the law and today's verdict demonstrates that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Okay, he broke the law. I guess, he helped Trump break the law and then he got caught on the stand admitting he stole 60 grand from Trump. What is he talking about?URBAHN: Right. Right. Well, now I'm sure he has new merch for his website that he'll, you know, continue to happily sell since his livelihood is contingent upon his hatred and obsession of Donald Trump. That became very clear. The man is obsessed with him in a very bizarre way, frankly.But you know, Jesse, you know, one other thing I was thinking about was that how could anybody you know, any defendant, Donald Trump or anyone in the state of New York get past a jury instruction, since you mentioned the judge, that allows a juror to basically choose their own adventure when it comes to crimes, like a smorgasbord.And I think that was a turning point, even for me yesterday, when I was sitting here thinking, you know, up until yesterday morning, I thought, it's probably going to be a hung jury. But then when we were all informed, Donald Trump was informed, the juries were informed, all the press were informed that actually, in fact, jurors had their pick.They could pick a number of crimes that were the alleged, underlying crimes, despite the fact that there hadn't been really evidence presented, testimony fleshed out, or any of that.And so how could anyone you know, overcome that at the very end of the trial and the defense couldn't even respond to that knowing what was coming.WATTERS: It was a crime all you can eat buffet, Kerri, and they definitely had their helping this afternoon.Thank you so much, and now you're free. You don't ever have to freeze in that courtroom ever again.URBAHN: Thank you. Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Former US Attorney Brett Tolman joins me now.All right, Brett, your reaction to this travesty?BRETT TOLMAN, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, RIGHT ON CRIME: Well, you know, he is finally free to campaign right? Look at the silver lining. He can get out there. He's not under a gag order. And he can do what he needs to do to run.If I'm looking at this case and I spent many times in front of a jury you had -- I really blame the judge. Prosecutors can be as bad as Alvin Bragg. We see it all the time. But I blame the judge in this case, a judge that ignored the rules of evidence and allowed in highly prejudicial evidence that 99 percent of the judges out there wouldn't and then proceeded to shut down the defense.Jesse, you know it is really bad when the judge takes a tone of disdain when interacting with the defense, but a different tone when talking to the prosecution in front of the jury. I've never seen anything like that.I think, it certainly mirrors what later would happen in the jury instructions, but this is the case that screams at directed verdict. And I think every single judge out there besides this judge would have directed the verdict. They didn't meet their burden, and would have taken it away from a jury who seemed to flail and really cave to the pressure of being on the jury rather than analyzing the law or the facts.WATTERS: Yes, I mean, this judge kicked the entire courtroom out so he could yell at a defense witness for rolling his eyes, talk about sensitive, and then let a porn star and a disbarred lawyer carry on and sell merch to the jury from the stand and talk about oh, maybe Trump raped me. I mean, absolute insanity.You heard JD Vance and on though about 15 minutes ago, say that if Trump is re-elected, there needs to be a full investigation of this case. The judge whether he had any connection to the Biden administration, we know there was a Biden administration connection with the lawyer, Colangelo doing the prosecution, whether Soros was involved in any way, and just how crooked this whole show trial was.Do you support that? And what else is there to do?TOLMAN: Jesse, I support full investigation of what happened here. We still don't know what went on behind-the-scenes, but I support something else. I support the gloves coming off. Conservatives that are in office punching back and punching hard.Now, they're not going to stop, you know, a bully -- a bully doesn't stop coming at you until you hit him hard enough in the nose. Prosecute some of these political people that have committed crimes on the other side of the aisle and they'll start to think twice about using this kind of tactic in the future.WATTERS: All right, we'll see if Republicans follow that advice, you never know. Bret Tolman, thank you.TOLMAN: Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Presidential candidate RFK, Jr. joins me now.What do you think happened down there in Lower Manhattan today?ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I think Jesse that it's going to backfire. This conviction is going to backfire on the Democrats. I think every time that President Trump has been indicted, that his approval ratings actually increase, his popularity increase.I think there's a large number of Americans who are going to see this as the politicization and the weaponization of the enforcement agencies. And I think it's going to hurt -- it's bad for our democracy.I think the Democrats feel like they have -- the DNC feels like it has a candidate that cannot win fair and square in the polls and so they have to win in the courts, they have to win by clearing the deck and getting their other opponents out of the race.I'm not a fan of President Trump's but I want to win, I want to beat him in a campaign on a level playing field. I want to talk about his issues, about locking down the economy, shutting down 3.3 million businesses, about running up at $34 trillion debt, about engaging in forever wars, and doing favors for Wall Street.I don't want to beat him in a courtroom. I think the American -- it's not good for our country and I think it's really going to backfire on the Democrats --WATTERS: I think maybe you have a little bit more honor than the sitting president, that's for sure.Your uncle was the head of the DOJ and then eventually was ensnared in similar vicious elite, and very dangerous circles your father and your uncle. Do you see any similarities with what is going on now today?KENNEDY: Well, my father was the attorney general. You know, his first week in office, he called up all the -- in 1961, he called in all the division heads, the bureau chiefs of the Department of Justice and he said rule number one, we never -- politics is out the window. We never prosecute based upon politics. He never has, whether somebody is Democrat or Republican.The reason he did that was because he understood how important it is for our country, the American people to have faith that the judicial system is neutral, that all of us need to respect it.If we start believing that it's politicized, it's terrible for our country. And that's one of the reasons prosecutors even when there's a case against the former president, like there was with President Nixon and many, many others, that they usually err on the side of caution of not bringing it because we risk making ourselves look like a third world country, like a banana republic where nobody really actually runs the election.If there's somebody who's going to run against you, you get rid of them one way or another. And you know, and this was part of our history in England you know when the King was running it, he would choose his prime minister and his Parliament members and people who ran against them, he would lock them up.So this was a sensitivity that we had from the beginning that we need to be very, very careful about separation of powers.But that is the stuff that --WATTERS: Well, RFK, Jr. you know why they are getting away with it is because the media lets them. If we had a fair press in the United States, they wouldn't even be tempted to pull these stunts. They wouldn't be trying to incarcerate their rivals and indict people for threatening their power.It's the media that's letting them get away with it, because they're just not held accountable in the court of public opinion.KENNEDY: Yes, I agree with that, Jesse. I think there's tribalism in the media and a lot of them have forgotten what journalism is, a lot of them have forgotten about what integrity is and we see this across the board.But you know what I would say to people is, in the Democratic Party is, even if you won this way, you know, what is it going to do to our country, if half the people in this country have the anger and the rage and feel like that the person, their champion, that is the candidate that they wanted to vote for has been taken off the table?When I was growing up, the Democratic Party was the party of getting everybody to vote, of making sure nobody got disenfranchised. The modern Democratic Party is trying to get rid of as many possibilities for voters as possible and it's not a good thing for this country.WATTERS: No. It's changed. The party has changed. The country is changing and it is happening in a wild, wild fashion.RFK, Jr., thank you so much.KENNEDY: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich joins me now.So you were pardoned by Donald Trump. You were also involved with some shenanigans that cost you your freedom. Looking back now, how do you see this case?ROD BLAGOJEVICH, FORMER ILLINOIS GOVERNOR: Well, I see this as deja vu all over again. I didn't break a single law across the land or take a penny. They failed to convict me at a first trial, tried me a second time, used unlawful jury instructions to criminalize things that were legal and they learned from that and now they're doing it at the major league level what they did to a Democrat governor at the AAA level, and doing it to the leading candidate of the opposition party, being done by the party in power, my party, the Democratic Party.And you know, it's a very sad day for America on many levels. On a personal level, I'm grateful to President Trump for commuting my sentence. And my heart sinks when I think about what he has to go through, what his family has to go through.But my heart is broken for our country, because this is serious business and these Democrats, my fellow Democrats who run the show now are coordinating these prosecutions against Trump, from the Democratic National Committee in Washington, DC, with assistance from the White House and Biden.It is so obvious to me because I've lived it myself. In my case, these were Bush-appointed Republicans who did it to me, and now the Democrats are doing it to Trump.But what they're doing is, they're destroying the rule of law, our Constitution, which will eventually lead to our -- to the loss of our freedom, and nothing is sacred with these people. Nothing is sacred.It is politics at all costs and forget about the law and forget about injustice and forget about destroying somebody through prosecution, persecution, and the politics of personal destruction.It has now replaced the government of the people, for the people and by the people. And the stakes are high. And I'm urging my fellow Democrats to fight for our country. Vote for Trump, DonaldJTrump.com, so we save our democracy because if Trump doesn't win, we're going to become Russia and the Soviet Union and a banana republic.WATTERS: Yes, the you know, you also see Democrats celebrating. They're out dancing, having drinks, throwing a party. This is what they've always wanted. They've always wanted a felony conviction. They got it tonight.You really think Democrats are looking at this and saying, oh, I don't know, my party has gone too far.BLAGOJEVICH: No, I think most partisan Democrats are doing exactly what you're saying, which is really disgraceful. It is unfortunate.But I think in fairness to them, they just believe the baloney that's being fed to them. But I think there's one group of Democratic constituencies that's going to rise up because they recognize it and I am talking about the Black community that for too long in America, has been on the wrong side of weaponized prosecutors targeting them.They see this for what it is. I went through my difficulties. The one place I could find some love and support and some comfort was in the Black churches in the Black community, because they understood you can't just believe what the man does, because they know how sometimes the man lies and cheats and they misuse and abuse the law to get people.They are seeing through this and my prediction is on November the 5th, that's the real verdict and Trump will win largely in some respects because the Black vote is going to leave the Democratic Party and support him.WATTERS: Yep, that's what the polls continue to indicate. Thank you so much, Rob Blagojevich. Good to see you.BLAGOJEVICH: Thank you.WATTERS: So I was not as angry as I thought I was going to be when this came down. I was cool. I was calm. I was steady, and that's how you should be.Don't get angry, get even on November 5th. We've got to save the country.That's all for tonight. The Sean Hannity is up next.Thanks for watching.