Andy Roddick has reacted to a suggestion that he aligns with the politics of Donald Trump's Make America Great Again (MAGA) movement.Trump, who is the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, used "Make America Great Again" as his campaign slogan when he successfully vied for his first term in the White House back in 2016.MAGA has since been used to describe a movement of voters and political pundits to continue to show their unwavering support for Trump. Across social media, many users have gone as far as to add "MAGA" to their display names.Retired tennis ace Roddick, who has been publicly critical of Trump in the past, saw himself labeled a part of the MAGA movement on Sunday, when he shared a post on social media in which he bemoaned the rights squatters are afforded."Squatters having property rights is one of the dumber things that continues to exist IMO," Roddick wrote on X, formerly Twitter. "[How's] someone gonna get arrested for changing the locks on their own place? Always wanna know why I'm wrong. Educate me."While he didn't specify what sparked his comments, Roddick's post came days after it was widely reported that squatter Sang Kim had barred landlord Jaskaran Singh from his $2 million Washington home after refusing to pay rent for two years.Singh, a Bellevue landlord, held a second protest rally on Saturday after two years of Kim living in his rental property without paying rent. The rally called for Kim to leave the property immediately.While Singh legally owns the home, he's been forced to stay off the premises due to a Temporary Protection Order filed by Kim. This means he must stay 1,000 feet away from the property he legally owns.Roddick's post sparked a spirited debate among X users as they weighed in with viewpoints agreeing with—and speaking out against—Roddick's take.One X user responded by telling Roddick that in their state, "the law 'allows a person to acquire legal title to an abandoned property if they occupy the property openly, continuously, and exclusively for 20 years' whereas NYC is 30 days.""30 days is absurd. Terrible policy," Roddick wrote back, later adding that he was "also seeing that it's probably not actual policy."Amid the discussion, NBA analyst Mike Gerasimo weighed in by commenting: "MAGA Roddick.""Are you being serious?" Roddick responded, as a host of X users suggested that the comment was, perhaps, tongue-in-cheek.Roddick has been openly critical of Trump on a number of occasions. Back in October, the former athlete commented on video footage shared on X that showed the former president describing military officials as "some of the dumbest people I've ever met in my life" while addressing supporters in Iowa."I'm old enough to remember way back when this wouldn't have gone over very well [with] most of country," Roddick reacted in a since-deleted post. "I also remember when federal indictments, charity fraud, business fraud, and a conviction for sexual assault would've been disqualifying. What are we doing? And why?"Correcting his statement in a follow-up post, Roddick apologized as he stated: "I keep being told that he wasn't convicted of sexual assault. Just found liable for sexual assault. So all good ....."Trump was ordered in January to pay $83.3 million to former Elle columnist E. Jean Carroll for damaging her reputation after she accused him of sexually assaulting her during an incident in the 1990s. In May 2023, a separate jury awarded Carroll $5 million from Trump for sexual abuse and defamation. Trump has denied any wrongdoing in those cases and vowed to appeal them.Last October, Roddick also spoke out against Trump's son Eric Trump, after he repeated in an interview his father's baseless claims that the 2020 election was fraudulent following his loss to President Joe Biden."So let's assume that's true. That means that Sleepy Joe outmaneuvered the sitting President of the United States who's also a great business genius without the powers of government at his disposal," Roddick wrote on social media. "All without it being able to be proven in court. Biden's' either a political ninja or Trump lost an election .... Pick a side. Can't have both.""It also would mean that your dad got worked in this situation," Roddick added. "Outsmarted, out executed, outworked. By someone 3 years older than someone who's old. Or [Barack] Obama or [George] Soros or Deep State or whoever. You lose the right to call them idiots if they schooled you at unprecedented scale. Was the election stolen by Joe Biden and whatever infrastructure he would have had to build? What would that say about Trump as far as competition goes if that's true? Focus."Link to Image
Graphic Andy RoddickTim Clayton/Corbis via Getty ImagesAndy Roddick is pictured on September 10th, 2023 in Flushing, Queens, New York City. The retired tennis ace has responded to accusations he aligns with MAGA politics.