Donald Trump Jr. has said World War III is a "small price to pay" amid growing concerns surrounding the escalating tensions between Iran and Israel.On April 13, Israel reported that over 300 missiles and drones launched against it by Iran had been shot down. The attack followed an Israeli strike earlier in the month in Syria that killed 12 people, including two Iranian generals and five other officers.In the wake of the incident, Donald Trump, the presumptive 2024 GOP presidential nominee, said at a campaign rally in Schnecksville, Pennsylvania, that Iran's attack would not have happened if he were in office, blaming it on President Joe Biden.Now, Donald Trump Jr. has taken to X, formerly Twitter, to imply the attack was a result of people not listening to his father. Donald Trump has frequently cited the risk of nuclear war breaking out while criticizing Biden's foreign policies."WWIII seems like a small price to pay to have stoped mean (but true) tweets," Donald Trump Jr. posted on X over the weekend, referring to when his father was banned from the social media platform. Donald Trump's account has since been reinstated.Donald Trump Jr.'s post, which has been viewed more than 905,000 times, was in response to a post by Tristan Tate, the brother of Andrew Tate. In March, both brothers were detained by authorities in Romania over a U.K. arrest warrant.Saturday, Tristan Tate wrote: "At least there are no mean tweets. If you care about the future of your children, vote Trump in 2024 this is now beyond a joke." The post has been viewed 2.4 million times.In a statement to Newsweek, Tristan Tate said: "The office of president of the United States comes with the additional duty of keeping peace in the world. There were no new wars under Trump.The world has risen up in conflict since Biden came to power, one would assume it's because the man can't coherently construct a sentence so nobody is intimidated by him."Newsweek has contacted Trump campaign spokesperson Steven Cheung and representatives for Biden for comment via email.Tristan Tate often comments on politics on social media, and he and Donald Trump Jr. have been posting about their growing concerns over the tension between Iran and Israel, which has been simmering for months.In another X post published Saturday, Tristan Tate wrote: "Conscription hits when they have you excited about Russia. 3 weeks later .... 'Okay guys off to Israel to fight the Iranians!' Wtf? Every law is a Trojan horse."The American Revolutionary War, the American Civil War, World Wars I and II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War were the only six conflicts in which the federal government used military conscription.In another post, Tristan Tate shared a black-and-white photo of an airship with a Nazi logo and wrote, "When I reach multi billionaire status I'm bringing airships back.""Remember when they said Trump would get us into a full-blown war with Iran? Times like these should make us all realize how lucky we were to have Trump, his strength and his resolve," Donald Trump Jr. posted Saturday. The post has received 1.2 million views.During the campaign rally in Pennsylvania, Donald Trump shared his thoughts on Iran's attack on Israel, saying: "I want to say God bless the people of Israel. They're under attack right now. That's because we show great weakness. This would not happen. The weakness that we've shown is unbelievable, and it would not have happened if we were in office."He also discussed the topic on social media, writing on Truth Social: "ISRAEL IS UNDER ATTACK! This should never have been allowed to happen - This would NEVER have happened if I were President!"The former president also posted a screenshot of Florida Senator Rick Scott praising a post Donald Trump wrote in 2018, in which he threatened the president of Iran.Donald Trump wrote in the older post: "To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE & DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!"Over the years, Donald Trump has repeatedly said World War III is imminent.Speaking at a campaign rally in Waterloo, Iowa, in December, he said he was the only presidential candidate who could prevent World War III, which he said was "very close" to breaking out. He also said there was a major risk of a global nuclear conflict that would result in the complete "obliteration" of the planet."The world is in more danger than it's ever been because of the power of weaponry, and I will be the only one—I can say this with great surety—I will prevent World War III," Donald Trump said in Iowa.In January, he warned that "we are on the brink of World War III" while blaming Biden for a drone strike that killed three American soldiers and injured dozens more in Jordan.Link to Image
Graphic Donald Trump JrTasos Katopodis/Getty ImagesDonald Trump Jr on February 23, 2024, in Charleston, South Carolina. He often takes to social media to defend his father and has shared his thoughts on the escalating tensions between Iran and Israel.