A behind-the-scenes photo of Jason Kelce hanging with Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson at Wrestlemania 40 has gone viral.The former Philadelphia Eagles center made a surprise appearance at Philadelphia's Lincoln Financial Field on Saturday night, joining WWE legends Rey Mysterio and Andrade in the ring.The 36-year-old Kelce helped the duo to defeat Santos Escobar and Dominik Mysterio—Rey Mysterio's son—in a tag-team match, along with his former Eagles' teammate Lane Johnson.As the younger Mysterio tried to whack his opponents with a chair, two masked men hopped into the ring to stop him. Lane Johnson, who stands at 6 feet, 6 inches tall and weighs 325 pounds, snatched the chair from the 27-year-old's hands, while Kelce chucked him into a ring post. The NFL stars removed their masks—which were Eagles' green—to celebrate the victory, sparking thunderous applause from the crowd.Dwayne Johnson was one of several former WWE icons to return to the ring during the two-day event. The 51-year-old partnered with Roman Reigns to face Cody Rhodes and Seth Rollins during the first night's main bout, beating their rivals.After crashing Wrestlemania 40, Kelce bumped into Dwayne Johnson, with the duo posing for a photo. The Rock put his arm around the retired football star's shoulder for the snap, while a clearly elated Kelce raised his fist in the air.The image was shared to X, formerly Twitter, by the "New Heights" podcast, which Kelce co-hosts with his brother, Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce.Declaring Johnson a "legend" in the caption, the post has so far received over 1.1 million views."This is so awesome," commented @freethinkerJT. "2 legends in one frame," wrote @afzaal ch."Next guest on the podcast??" asked @JenD_04."The crossover we didn't know we needed," wrote Stefanie Ricchio."Trav is going to be so jealous," posted Tee Smith.However, other users said the photo was "badly timed," hitting out at Johnson's recent comments about the president.During an interview with Fox & Friends on Friday, the Fast X star discussed his endorsement of Joe Biden during the 2020 election."[It was] the best decision for me at that time," Johnson told host Will Cain."Am I going to do that again this year? That answer's no."Johnson said that Biden's presidency has "caused an incredible amount of division in our country," although he didn't say whether he planned to vote for Biden's likely Republican rival, Donald Trump."There's going to be no endorsement," he said. "I'm going to keep my politics to myself."Several users hit out at Johnson in the comments section of his photo with Kelce, dubbing him a "coward and a jerk.""Not The Rock, he's a sellout," commented @goodtrouble_ca."I'm done with him," wrote Cami."Only one legend in this pic and that's Jason Kelce!" posted Sumac."No, please, no," commented Sebastian, while Jennifer Durot advised Kelce to "distance himself" from Johnson.Link to Image
Graphic Jason Kelce, 2017 (left). Dwayne Johnson, 2021Robin Marchant/Kevin Mazur/Getty Images EntertainmentLeft: Jason Kelce on February 4, 2017 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Robin Marchant/Getty Images for Fanatics) Right: Dwayne Johnson on November 03, 2021 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Netflix)