South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem has turned heads after promoting the services of a cosmetic dentist in a video she shared on social media.In the video, posted on X late Monday, Noem describes her experience with Smile Texas, a cosmetic and implant dental practice in Houston. She said she knocked out all her front teeth in a biking accident years ago and that her smile became a concern for her after she entered politics."I love that my bite is better, that my teeth are a better shape, that they feel better in my mouth and that I can be confident when I smile at people," Noem said in the video. She added, "It has been a gift to be here at Smile Texas."Noem, a rising GOP star and ally of former President Donald Trump, is speculated to be the top contender for Trump's 2024 running mate. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, confirmed in February that Noem was on his shortlist of possible vice presidential picks, and a straw poll conducted at the Conservative Political Action Conference showed that Noem is the favorite among GOP voters.On social media, users questioned why Noem posted what appeared to be an ad for a Texas business. Some likened the video to an informercial, while others asked if the governor had become an influencer."This is an extremely bizarre thing for a governor to post," conservative commentator Nate Hochman wrote on X.Newsweek reached out to Noem's office via email for comment."Wait I'm confused," one X user wrote, "did the Governor of South Dakota just film an infomercial for the dentist that did her veneers?""Why is a sitting governor doing an influencer ad for a dental office?" conservative author Andy Ngo wrote.Some users also wondered whether Noem was allowed to film promotional content while holding office."Are you even allowed to do this type of stuff while holding public office?" one user asked, adding, "I was under the impression this type of stuff was why some people couldn't get into politics. The only time this seems appropriate is after you leave office.""Ok. So we have sitting governors just doing infomercials for commercial businesses now. This is inappropriate and incredibly off-putting. MAGA has ruined the GOP," another commented.Several users questioned whether Trump should still consider Noem as his running mate based on the recent video."Nothing says 'I'm a serious candidate for Vice President' like doing an infomercial to get free dental care," one X user wrote. "I would say someone should check to see if she took the state's plane when she made the medical tourist trip, but you aren't allowed to see that in South Dakota.""The sitting governor of SD is doing infomercials, and signing laws banning free speech. If Trump picks her, I'm not voting. Embarrassing," another user added.Podcaster Brandi Kraus wrote, "I'm going to go out on a limb and guess she's not on the VP short list."Link to Image
Graphic Republican Dentist Kristi NoemScott Olson/Getty ImagesSouth Dakota Governor Kristi Noem speaks at a rally on September 8, 2023 in Rapid City, South Dakota. A video Noem posted to social media turned heads after users questioned why a sitting governor was promoting a cosmetic dentistry.