Republican consultant Roger Stone has claimed that a stuntman for Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson was fired "on the spot" several years ago after suggesting that the actor and professional wrestling star could use Stone's political advice.Johnson's political views have recently been in the spotlight due to his announcement during a Fox News interview that he would not be endorsing President Joe Biden in this year's presidential election, as he had done in 2020, over concerns about causing "division."Stone, a longtime associate of former President Donald Trump, said during a Friday interview with Info Wars host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones that Johnson was "not a conservative" while recalling being brutally rejected by the star after having a close encounter with his stunt double at a gym."Many years ago I worked out in a gym and I met a guy who worked out there regularly, and he was a stunt double for The Rock," said Stone. "He was a conservative, we got to be a little friendly. He told me that The Rock had aspirations to run for political office ... He said, 'would you like to talk to him?'" Stone continued. "I said, 'sure, I'd love to talk to him.'""This guy went to The Rock," he continued. "He said, you know, 'Roger Stone works out at my gym, we've become friendly, he's got a lot of political experience, I know you've got political aspirations—do you want to meet him?' The Rock fired this guy on the spot. Fired him like that. So, The Rock is not a conservative ... He's not one of us."Jones then revealed that Stone had previously told him the story "in private" and lashed out at Johnson as a "disgusting person" for firing his stunt double and rejecting the Republican consultant."What a disgusting person," Jones said. "You have your stunt double for many years, supposedly your friend. And, oh my God, Roger Stone is so bad that [because] you would even mention that to me, you're fired.""Yeah, it was pretty incredible," Stone replied, before going on to mention unprompted that the late O.J. Simpson previously "talked a lot of c***" about him but that he "prays for him and the people I believe he killed."Newsweek reached out for comment to Johnson's publicist via email on Friday night.While endorsing Biden in 2020, Johnson described himself as a "political independent and centrist" who was making his first public endorsement due to the outcome of that year's election being "critical.""As a political independent and centrist for many years, I've voted for Democrats in the past and as well as Republicans," Johnson wrote in a social media post at the time. "In this critical election, I believe Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are the best to lead our country."During his Fox News interview, Johnson did not express any support for Trump, nor did he indicate whether he feels that the outcome of this year's election is as important as in 2020.Johnson also revealed that he has no plans to run for office, saying that he is "not a politician" and "not into politics." He had previously indicated that he was interested in running on multiple occasions. A poll released in 2021 suggested that almost half of Americans would support Johnson in a presidential election.Link to Image
Graphic Dwayne Johnson and Roger StonePhotos by David Becker/WireImage/Tasos Katopodis/Getty ImagesIn the main image, Dwayne Johnson speaks onstage at the Walt Disney Studios Presentation during CinemaCon 2024 at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace on April 11, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada. The smaller image shows Roger Stone, ex-adviser to former President Donald Trump, speaking to reporters in front of the Supreme Court on January 05, 2021 in Washington, DC. Today's rally kicks off two days of pro-Trump events fueled by President Trump's continued claims of election fraud and a last-ditch effort to overturn the results before Congress finalizes them on January 6. In a new interview, Stone claimed he caused Johnson to fire his stunt double.