Donald Trump's 2024 vice-presidential pick will "likely" be the Republicans' 2028 presidential candidate and "serve as president for the next eight years following President Trump's term," according to a GOP lawmaker.The claim was made by Montana Senator Steve Daines in an interview with Politico. The outlet reported Trump "floats an expansive list of names" in private conversations to pick his potential running mate.Trump became the presumptive 2024 Republican presidential nominee in March following a series of primary wins, sparking renewed speculation about who his vice-presidential pick could be. The business mogul turned politician has fallen out with Mike Pence, his vice-president from 2017-21, over his refusal to back alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 presidential election result. Pence said in March that he "cannot in good conscience endorse Donald Trump in this campaign."Speaking to Politico, Senator Daines emphasized the importance of Trump's selection not just for the 2024 presidential election but for Republican politics beyond Trump's potential second term.He said: "This person will not only be one heartbeat away from the presidency during President Trump's next term, but will likely be our nominee in '28 and serve as president for the next eight years following President Trump's term."Trump himself suggested he could be picking a future president during an interview with Fox News host Maria Bartiromo in February.Asked about his criteria for picking a running mate, the former president said: "Always, it's got to be who is going to be a good president. Obviously, you always have to think that because in case of emergency."Things happen, right? No matter who you are, things happen. That's got to be No. 1."Thomas Gift, a political scientist who heads the Center on U.S. Politics at King's College London, U.K., told Newsweek Trump's choice of 2024 running mate could have a major impact on the 2028 Republican presidential contest.He said: "Given that 15 vice presidents have gone on to become president in U.S. history, every presidential candidate has to weigh the possibility that they're selecting an heir apparent when choosing a VP."At the same time, electoral considerations dwarf everything else. Trump will want a running mate who can continue his legacy. But most of all, he will want someone who helps him to win now."Citing a "person close to the Trump campaign," Politico reported Trump could "draw this out Apprentice-style" when it comes to selecting his running mate. The publication listed Senator Tim Scott, South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem, Rep. Byron Donalds, Rep. Elise Stefanik, Senator J. D. Vance, and former House Democrat Tulsi Gabbard.Newsweek contacted representatives of Donald Trump's 2024 presidential campaign by email at 4:45 a.m. ET on Monday. This article will be updated if a comment is received.In an interview with Fox News host Laura Ingraham on February 20, Trump said Scott, Noem, Gabbard, Donalds, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, and business tycoon Vivek Ramaswamy were being considered as his running mate.Asked whether these six figures were "on your shortlist," Trump replied: "They are...honestly, all of those people are good. They're all good, they're all solid."Trump later told Fox News that Texas Governor Greg Abbott was "absolutely" on his shortlist, calling him a "spectacular man." Abbott has won widespread Republican approval over his efforts to stop irregular migration from Mexico into Texas, including constructing large razor-wire fences and other physical barriers as well as the deployment of thousands of National Guard troops.During an interview with Newsmax in March, Trump suggested he had ruled out "some people" who hadn't "behaved properly." He also said he has some candidates in mind "that you may know very well."The presumptive Republican nominee added: "We have a lot of great people in the Republican Party, and they'll do a terrific job, I think, but certainly I have people that I wouldn't want as a vice president."Update 4/1/24 6:05 a.m. ET: This story has been updated with comment from Gift. Link to Image
Graphic Former president Donald TrumpMichael M. Santiago/GETTYFormer President Donald Trump pictured attending the wake for slain NYPD Officer Jonathan Diller on March 28, 2024 in Massapequa, New York. Trump's 2024 running mate is "likely" to be the party's 2028 presidential candidate according to Senator Steve Daines.