MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS HOST: This election is between those who love the country and those who don't. We love the country, the people we seek to defeat, hate it. It's that simple.I'll see you tomorrow night on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday.BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: Hi, everyone. Welcome to ONE NATION. I'm Brian Kilmeade. I am so glad you're here and I'm so glad I've got two fantastic guests. I have a lot of them. But how about these two? Speaker Mike Johnson. Will he lose his job next week? And how does he feel about what he's accomplished so far?Scott Galloway, he came out as an NYU professor not only to talk about the riots on campus, but why all of you, the next generation should follow not your passion, but your talent if you want to be successful and happy.But first, complete chaos and unrest on college campuses across the nation.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)KILMEADE: We were doing a lot of that live on "Fox & Friends" all week.Now, most clear thinking Americans are outraged by the antisemitic, pro - Hamas, ignorant mayhem on display on colleges throughout the country, and not even close to making sense.I'm left with two lingering questions: Who radicalized these students? And who paid to make it all possible?Let's dig in.Now, if you ask college students just a few months ago, where the Palestinian situation ranked on their radar, it was pretty low. In fact, according to the Harvard Kennedy School Institute of Politics in the spring, they did a survey. In March -- March of this year, only 34 percent of voters aged 18 to 24 cared about the conflict at all, ranking way down on the list, 15 out of 16, exactly, only student debt ranking below it.But now it seems to have taken on a life of its own and consumed the minds of college students across the country in almost every state. But there's more here than meets the eye like who is fueling this? Who is funding this?So let's dig in.We begin with leftist foundations like the Ford Foundation, the Carnegie Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation, they all have supported anti- Israeli causes. The center right Capital Research Center says these liberal foundations also support the campaign for Palestinian rights. Hundreds of thousands coming from the Rockefeller Fund alone.And shocker, drumroll please, George Soros' Open Society Foundation over the last three years. Now the group's own website says the money pays for banner and signs and $1,000.00 a month salaries for fellows who go into campus to campus running anti-Israel campaigns, kind of training these kids.So who are these fellow we speak of? New York City Mayor Eric Adams recognizes them. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: There is a movement to radicalize young people and I'm not going to wait until it's done and all of a sudden acknowledge the existence of it.This is a global problem that young people are being influenced by those who are professionals at radicalizing our children, and I'm not going to allow that to happen as the mayor of the city of New York.Outside agitators were on their grounds training and really co-opting this movement.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Yes, in fact, we saw the video and the mayor is not wrong at all. The fellows being bankrolled by Soros and company and provide toolkits like, look for other students to share their worldview, in their words, feminist, queers, Black, and indigenous people and have included the likes of the women who disrupted a private dinner at UC Berkeley, a man arrested at Yale for trespassing, a University of Texas activist detained by police.Their target audience, another shocker 15 to 35-year-olds. Yes, they are in high schools, all committed to an abolitionist future.Now, these protest groups also go by different names. The largest, Students for Justice in Palestine happens to be the biggest, SJP. They receive money from a liberal New York foundation called Wespac, which here's the name again, George Soros, the billionaire left-wing investor, donated at least $130,000.00 to the SJP's parent organization which has been funded by a network of nonprofits, including none other than George Soros himself.In at least three colleges, the protests are being encouraged by paid radicals, who are fellows of another Soros funded group called the Campaign for Palestinian Rights. Now the group, thousands for its campus based fellows in return for spending eight hours a week organizing campaigns led by Palestinian organizations, they are trained to rise up to revolution.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): The radical groups received at least $300,000.00 from Soros' Open Society Foundation since 2017 and it also took in $355,000.00 from the Rockefeller Brothers Fund since 2019.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: The cash we are we're seeing flowing from Soros and his acolytes like the Rockefeller and this guy named Felice Gelman, a retired investment banker who has dedicated her Wall Street fortune to pro-Palestinian causes have all been critical to the Columbia protests we have all been watching that have kicked off these copycat demonstrations.Now, when you follow the money, and we are, one thing is clear, none of these wealthy liberal donors have the best interest of Americans and America at heart. And what's even worse, these actions are gaining praise from our enemies like Hamas and Iran.A Hamas official has been saying and quoted this, "Today's students are the leaders of the future." Well, they better not be.Iran, they have a leader there, Ayatollah Khomeini celebrating the flying of Hezbollah flag in the streets of the US saying: "The people of the world are supporting the Resistance Front, because they are resisting and because they are against oppression." Yes, they look at us as oppressors.This behavior of our college kids and funding by American billionaires might be catching many by surprise, but not my next guest. He wrote a book about it. So why are they doing all this? Let's find out.Let's bring in "Fox & Friends" Weekend co-host, author of a brand new book that is going to be fantastic when it's out in a week, "The War on Warriors." But Pete, the book that you wrote last is really what this is about.You knew this was happening in these Ivy League schools and now, it's almost in every state in the country.PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "FOX AND FRIENDS" WEEKEND: The left knows it too, Brian, you mentioned that last quote, I hadn't heard it, but Hamas saying the students of today are the leaders of tomorrow reminds me of an Abraham Lincoln quote where he said the philosophy of the schoolroom in one generation becomes the philosophy of government in the next.Why do parents send their kids to Columbia? Because they think they'll be members of an elite society in the future. And some of them probably are left wing, but others just want the elite status more than what's in the classroom.You mentioned all the money. You're exactly right.I ran a student group as an undergraduate in the Ivy League. We scraped for every dollar we could to put out a humble little conservative publication on Princeton University, a couple of foundations maybe worth $15,000.00 checks. We thought we were rich.Now, we're talking hundreds of thousands of dollars to student groups that don't produce a publication that makes an argument. You can't get these Students for Justice in Palestine to answer your questions. They refuse. They're not making an argument. They're activists funded from the outside.Eric Adams is right. They are being instigated in the near term. Right? So you've got outside agitators in the near term with a lot of money who are falling on top of these Middle Eastern Studies Institute's which is your Ford Foundation, your Rockefeller Foundation, your Tides Foundation, have been funding for decades on universities with foreign money, with anti- American, anti-Israel ideology.So following the money is true inside these institutions we've abandoned.KILMEADE: From NYU in New York City to Columbia to Fordham to FIT of all places to The New School, and then when there's a recce, over half of them are usually, for the most part, outsiders, not even students.So, they are radicalizing their training, they're setting up the format, they're getting the plywood, they're getting the signs, and they also know even how to be arrested what to say and know that you're going to be coming back and you're not even going to be detained.This is a system being played out.HEGSETH: This is a system being played out time and time and time again. These are the same radicals we saw in Occupy Wall Street. These are the same radicals we saw in Antifa or in BLM. They find a new cause with the same agitation, which is tear down Western civilization and America.We are anarchists, Marxist revolutionaries, who this time have decided the Jews are our target, and we have to go from the river to the sea. Antisemitism is our vehicle.The ignorance of our kids is our benefit. They don't know what they're agitating about. They just know they don't know God or their history. So they're easily manipulated.KILMEADE: Here's why I'm optimistic, because you write this book and they go, well, Pete, it is very well researched, but you're a conservative on Fox. And other people just say, well, that's people will want to be conservative, they want to go back to life in the 1950s.But now I'm seeing governorship hero of Pennsylvania. I'm seeing Josh Gottheimer of New Jersey. I'm seeing other Jewish Americans saying wait a second, they are coming for us and they're coming for our country.I believe when I see Rutgers stand up and sing the national anthem, and North Carolina, in Charlotte, come back and put that flag up again, the NYP do it at City College. I think that we all got the wake-up call.HEGSETH: For sure. It's a combination of common sense, and courage. I still don't think a lot of these young kids are as fortified as they could be, but you know what? They know the country is good. They know the flag is good. They know that free markets are good. They know their family love them. Moms and dads are a real thing. Gender is a normal thing, and in the past, you would walk by groups like that, and they go, losers. Look at them protest over there.Now they're putting scarves over the face of George Washington and George Washington University is raising the Palestinian flag. That ought to -- if that doesn't get you going, then you really are gone.And so I do think it's a silent majority of mostly young men who have been told they're the problem because of their skin color and because of their gender because they're not -- they don't have a different sexual orientation or they're a Christian, those are all problems in the mind of the Marxist folks. Enough is enough.And I love seeing them stand up and I think the more they do it, the more of these weenie lefties will back down.KILMEADE: Chuck Schumer has been virtually invisible with one statement; the president of the United States almost has had his arm twisted to come out and say some basic things like crime is bad and don't deface material, both Islamophobia is as bad as antisemitism -- totally irrelevant. No one is talking about anything against Muslims.Your thoughts about how this plays in November?HEGSETH: I think their convention is going to be a mess. I think that's what they're most afraid of. I think they're afraid of their base. Joe Biden outsourced his politics to his base a long time ago and relied on them to maintain support. If he loses them, and he loses every common sense voter out there who could tell he doesn't know what day it is, he has got a real problem.This will I think, define them and define a big part of the election going forward.KILMEADE: You've been talking about "The War on Warriors" for the past two years.HEGSETH: Yes.KILMEADE: It's now coming out in a month, the story behind the betrayal of the men who keep us free. What's going on at the Pentagon?HEGSETH: This is a story similar to the one of education except it happened a lot faster. Thankfully, it's more shallow at the Defense Department.KILMEADE: Right.HEGSETH: So you have a lot of generals and a lot of politicians who allowed woke stuff to come into our formation. It has nothing to do with killing bad guys.KILMEADE: Right.HEGSETH: Or maintaining our readiness. It is green vehicles and transgender stuff and women in combat -- all of these different things that make us weaker. So you see on the cover, the flag is upside down, that's the universal sign of distress.We're in a bad spot, but if patriots fight back, we can take it back.KILMEADE: And it is a Fox book.Great to see you, Pete.HEGSETH: Great to see you, Brian.KILMEADE: All right, and have a great Sunday show...HEGSETH: Thank you, brother.KILMEADE: ... on "Fox & Friends" Weekend.Meanwhile, we are still seven months away from the election and the Democrats are already tapping their celebrity friends to help push President Biden or shove and Harris across the finish line.Last week, Joe Biden sat down with suddenly liberal former king of all media and this level headed guy, anti-establishment media personality, Howard Stern. He is no longer level headed. And how did his best and how he did his best to show that Joe Biden is still not up for the task despite struggling at times to hear Stern's softball questions.And while Biden was sitting down with superfan, Howard Stern, his number two Momala Harris, I mean, Kamala Harris sat down with actress turned TV host, Drew Barrymore for a cringe worthy performance to show Harris as a relatable human being.Judge for yourself.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DREW BARRYMORE, TALK SHOW HOST: I keep thinking in my head, that we all need a mom, I've been thinking that we really all need a tremendous hug in the world right now.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Yes.BARRYMORE: But in our country, we need you to be Momala of the country.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Tulsi, great to see you.TULSI GABBARD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Great to see you.KILMEADE: Congratulations on the book game.GABBARD: Thank you very much.KILMEADE: All right, first off, you saw that -- you saw Drew Barrymore.GABBARD: I did.KILMEADE: Kamala Harris. I've seen layups before, but I've never heard something like that. I actually felt in a way bad for the vice president. I've never seen anything like that. Have you?GABBARD: I have not. She didn't seem to have a problem with it.KILMEADE: She had big smile. Right?GABBARD: So it's been interesting to see all of the commentary, the people's tweets and whatever it is people criticizing that exchange.You know, the thing that caught my eye is how many people on both sides of the aisle had a problem with it, and yet, they're distracted away from the actual substance, like she's saying, okay, we need a mom. Well, no, we need a vice president. Well, actually, we need someone in this position who has the courage to serve, to lead, to go and do their job to secure the border, to actually deliver results and unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have a good record of that.KILMEADE: And then when Howard sits down with the president last week, just across the street, after blowing off all the White House correspondents, all the interviews, they follow him around -- literally around the world. He literally had trouble remembering his bio, and almost half those stories, aren't close to true.GABBARD: No.KILMEADE: No one has a problem with that.GABBARD: The double standard is outrageous when you look at how they are treated, and this is where I talk about -- and I talk about in my book, in my own experience, how the challenge and the problem is not only the Democrat elite, and the issues that they have with the truth, but it is by extension their partners and friends in the propaganda media who are doing their work and carrying the water for them.KILMEADE: So one thing I felt in going through your book too is I remember when you started breaking from the party, you were just separating. They wanted to make you the golden child, you were kind of resistant because you didn't like what was going on.And I remember you on the stage, on the debate stage and this moment, when you looked at Kamala Harris, and I can't play the whole thing, but it is must see viewing still on YouTube. You took her on, on her record. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: You took issue with Senator Harris confronting Vice President Biden at the last debate. You called it a "false accusation" that Joe Biden is a racist.GABBARD: There are too many examples to cite, but she put over 1,500 people in jail for marijuana violations and then laughed about it when she was asked if she ever smoked marijuana.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)GABBARD: She blocked evidence that would have freed an innocent man from death row until the courts forced her to do so.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: She never recover from that, she didn't make it through the primary even though she had the most money. What did you pick up in that moment?GABBARD: That she was completely unprepared. The information and the facts that I was stating were not very hard to find, a simple online search uncovered them, but the thing that was very telling there was how no one in the mainstream media had ever questioned her on her record, even as she was saying, I will be a prosecutor president, proud of my record, and how they chose her as the anointed one.Hey, we're going to treat her with kid gloves. We're going to lift her up, we're going to feature her, and then until I came along and just said, hey, this is your record. How do you defend it? And she had no defense because it's a horrible record.KILMEADE: The other thing that the president can't shake, I want to talk about abortion as much as he wants, but he can't get past the border. These statutes came in, Bill Melugin was able to pick it up. You think the border is bad? What about the planes? The planes that fly over the border and drop into these cities.Look at these numbers. They are stunning new numbers: 400,000 migrants are flown in the US. They fill out an app in their country, and we fly them to various cities.Miami is on top at 91,000 followed by another Florida city in Fort Lauderdale, thousands of people. They are not telling mayors, they're not telling governors, but we're paying for it.GABBARD: We are paying for it in so many ways. It's not only the impact that it's having on our communities and our cities, it is the demands that many of these illegal immigrants are making when they get here saying where is our free housing? Where is our free food?But it further highlights the problem at the border. The Biden-Harris administration's open border policy, where we have millions of people who have come across our borders. They don't know who these people are. They don't know what their intent is in this country. They don't know where to find them. Because they give them a piece of paper when they come in and say, okay, come and show up in court in a few years.If you really think that they're going to do that, you know, you're very, very naive.KILMEADE: They're not, and that's why the president is talking about rounding up 11 million he writes about it in "Time" Magazine and sending it back.You're right, if the president --GABBARD: You're talking about President Trump.KILMEADE: President Trump.GABBARD: I think, yes. President Biden certainly isn't saying that.KILMEADE: We're going to find out in six months, if anybody wants to find out if you'd be a good VP pick, they could read "For The Love of Country." But why should you -- you're on everybody's shortlist, the president talks about you all the time. Why should he pick you?GABBARD: I have the opportunity, given the experience that I've had, being a Democrat for over 20 years, leaving the Democratic Party going into great detail in my book about all of the major reasons why that should be concerning to every single American, being able to bring over people who maybe aren't Republican or who don't know quite where they belong in a political sense, or how they're going to vote is essential for us to be able to stand together as Americans.KILMEADE: Right.GABBARD: Make sure Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are sent home in this election and come together to do the real work of solving problems both in domestic and foreign policy, and get our country back on track.KILMEADE: You know your way around Congress, you also know your way around the battlefield, and you're still serving the National Guard.Great to see you, and also a surfer, I understand.GABBARD: Thank you.KILMEADE: That will also help. You need to relax somehow.GABBARD: Of course.KILMEADE: Congratulations on your book, Tulsi.GABBARD: Thank you. I appreciate it.KILMEADE: All right, meanwhile, coming up straight ahead from the trial to the trail, Donald Trump is doing the impossible in giving himself a real chance at the White House. Kayleigh McEnany is here to analyze the former president's strategy in getting back to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.But first, Marjorie Taylor Greene expected to force a vote next week to our Speaker Johnson. He responds right here only on ONE NATION. Don't move. I'm watching you.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: All right, so get this next week, Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene will force a vote to oust House Speaker Mike Johnson.Democratic leaders have said no, not so fast saying this specifically: "Upon completion of our national security work, the time has come to turn the page on this chapter of pro-Putin Republican obstruction. If she invokes this motion, it will not succeed."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): Now we have Hakeem Jeffries and the Democrats coming out, embracing Mike Johnson with a warm hug and a big wet sloppy kiss because Mike Johnson is giving them everything they want.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: She, an army of one, joining us right now to discuss this is the Speaker himself, Speaker Mike Johnson.Mr. Speaker, I'm sure you've heard about this. I know you're too busy to focus on this. But how concerned are you for next week's antics?REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): I'm not concerned, Brian. I have to do my job. This is a difficult time to be the speaker of the House. Everybody recognizes that.Newt Gingrich posted an op-ed earlier this week and said Johnson has the toughest speakership since the time of the Civil War. I'm not sure if he's right about that. But I do know it's a great challenge.We have the smallest majority in US history. I have a one vote margin. It is not helpful to our cause to advance conservative policy and principle, to have any, you know any of the uprising in our own camp and that's what this is.I don't think it goes anywhere. I'm not concerned about it. I have to do the job and do the right thing. And I have to move the ball forward. We try to do that every single day incrementally as best we can when we only control, remember one half of one-third of the federal government. That's our challenge.KILMEADE: Are you glad -- is it an honor for Democrats to back you? Are you glad that they're going to back you and prevent it from resulting in a Kevin McCarthy situation?JOHNSON: Look, I haven't asked anyone to do that. There is no exchange of anything here. They're doing that spontaneously.I think there are people of good faith in both parties who want the Congress to be functioning. Remember, the last time the chair was vacated when it happened to Kevin McCarthy, we shut the Congress down for three weeks.KILMEADE: I know.JOHNSON: I mean, imagine how dangerous that would be right now, in the midst of hot wars around the world and all of this, you know, insurrection on campuses and all the rest that's going on, we have to have a functioning Congress, and I think people see that and they don't want the chaos to ensue.KILMEADE: You have been doing this a long time and we've seen some crazy things from 9/11 to the collapse of the economy in 2008. I'm never going to forget a week like this.And this week, when we saw this college chaos, and then finally the vilified men and women in blue asked to go in and bring order to disorder at Columbia, at UCLA, and around the country. And you're looking at a bunch of different things.You're also looking at who is funding all of this, as well as why are we giving big money to these colleges to spout this anti-American, antisemitic behavior? And I'm looking at some of this funding.Are people aware that Columbia gets $1.2 billion, University of Pennsylvania, $955 million, Yale $776 million, and we're seeing the rest -- Cornell, Harvard, NYU -- we're seeing the rest now. Can you put that money in jeopardy? Can you put that in another account until we see some change in the curriculum and approach?JOHNSON: Yes, exactly. These are really important questions, Brian. And Congress has a very important responsibility here. We have the responsibility of oversight, but we also have the power of the purse, right?It's the federal funding streams that go to these universities, it's billions of dollars just to the Ivy League alone. They do not deserve taxpayer funds to support their institutions, if they cannot uphold the basic constitutional rights and freedoms and Civil Rights of their students and maintain their safety. I mean, it's a very basic responsibility that they failed.These university administrators have allowed this chaos, they have allowed the violence and all the things that we've seen, and we need accountability.So we announced this past week, I announced that we will be doing this in the House of Representatives. We have all the committees of jurisdiction, who are now working on this in a united effort.We will be looking at their funding streams through federal funding for research and development grants and all the various streams of funding they receive. We're looking at the student visas that are allowed for these foreign students. If they're terrorist sympathizers who are preying upon their fellow students, they don't need to be here, you don't have a right to do that.We're looking at the very generous tax benefits and tax status that some of these universities enjoy. I think it's time for accountability and I am hopeful that the White House will step forward and allow us and help in ensuring accountability of these institutions.This is out-of-control and their action is way overdue.KILMEADE: It is, but it didn't stop you from going uptown and dealing with the barbs and the anger amongst the students and the activists.You talked also to the Columbia president. What did you pick up from the one-on-one, seeing with your own eyes as opposed to getting reports from your own people?JOHNSON: Well, that's an important thing. I mean, that's what I'm asking, demanding that the president himself go and visit some of these campuses. We don't just need rhetoric from the White House, we need to action.But when we went to Columbia to face that angry crowd, you know, it was an irrational thing. I mean, they're just -- there was outrage. I think half the crowd doesn't even know what they're chanting or understand the basis for some of this stuff.We sat down with President Shafik in her own conference room and I looked her in the eye across the table and I said, you have to get control of this madness. And I remember, Brian, that was almost exactly a week before the NYPD had to go in and do their jobs. She was not allowing police on campus for that long. She wanted to negotiate with them.You don't negotiate with would-be terrorists and terrorist sympathizers. You get control. And I think they allowed it to fester for too long and I think that's why there's so much property damage and violence and all of these other things that are happening.KILMEADE: And sadly, Brown has made a deal. They promised to put it to a vote. Northwestern has said we're going to look at some of our investment in Israel and Israel's investments to our institution.You can't give way to this demand. If you're a student and you choose Brown and you don't like where they're investing, choose another school. Somehow the world got turned on its head and I just think the White House has been MIA.Do you -- real quick -- do you have Democratic allies in the House and Senate to put some teeth behind this request to reduce funding and kick out foreign students that protest?JOHNSON: Well, I think we do. One of our colleagues, Josh Gottheimer is a very principled guy , a Democrat who was on Fox News this week, suggesting as much.I think there's a number of people who have spoken out on this. And I'm glad that they have, but we're calling on everybody in any position of authority to speak right now. This is a moment for moral clarity. This is a fateful moment for our country. We don't need anybody shrinking back or playing politics with this.We need a united voice to say this is wrong, and we're going to stand for the good.KILMEADE: All right, you have not had one easy day since you took this job that you never wanted to begin with, but he is hanging in there.Speaker Jonathan, thanks so much. Appreciate it.JOHNSON: Thanks, Brian.KILMEADE: You got it.Meanwhile, Mark Twain once said, find a job you enjoy doing and you will never work another day in your life. But that adage may be a thing of the past because my next guest says to follow your talent, not your passion.Professor Scott Galloway is here with advice for future generations and this generation on college and your career. Keep it right here because you chose to watch ONE NATION and I'm glad you did.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHANLEY PAINTER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Chanley Painter in New York.People in Houston are bracing for more severe flooding and heavy rain as rivers continue to rise across the area. Take a look at just how high the water has gotten in some places. Crews are working overtime to rescue people from the murky water. Weeks of heavy downpours have left the ground saturated and filled reservoirs. More than 400 people have been rescued so far.And pro-Palestinian protests at major universities are continuing to spread to campuses around the world. And now graduation ceremonies are also being impacted.At the University of Michigan, banners and Palestinian flags could be seen waving around during its commencement ceremony earlier today. At one point, several students organized a walkout from the graduation carrying flags and chanting for an end to the war in Gaza. Most protesters are demanding the schools divest from Israel.KILMEADE: Welcome back.It's no secret that America's youth seems angry and more pessimistic than previous generations before that. And I think I know why: The economic reality that they're facing gives a few hints; the cost of housing and education, astronomical and continues to rise.Plus, people over the age of 70 or 72 percent wealthier today than they were 40 years ago. That's good. But compare that to people the age 40 and under who are 24 percent less wealthy.Homeownership used to be a hallmark of the American Dream, but today, some young people are giving up on it. Why is that? Maybe it's because in just five years, the median home price rose 41 percent, 41 percent? So do they have a right to be angry? I think so.My next guest says absolutely and he wrote about it. Scott Galloway is professor at NYU Business School and the author of a brand new book. It's called "The Algebra of Wealth." If you have a kid graduating right now, or you just want to find out what's going on in this country, this is a great book to get.Professor, great to see. What prompted you to say to yourself, I've got to get the numbers behind this pessimistic sentiment.SCOTT GALLOWAY, PROFESSOR, NYU BUSINESS SCHOOL AND AUTHOR: Well, just the numbers are overwhelming. Fifty-five percent of Americans our age are extremely proud to be American. That number is 18 percent for people under the age of 25. And it's more than just a natural gag reflex rebellion.The ultimate example of optimism is having kids in 1990, sixty percent of 30 to 34-year-old able-bodied American adults have at least one child.That number, now, Brian, is 27 percent. People are opting out of America, they're not having children.KILMEADE: And you also said that the sex that people are having right now is replaced by the protests, the protests or the sex, that people are getting off doing this stuff?GALLOWAY: Well, in order for the species to survive, you've got to get to dopa hits, one from procreating. I mean, if that still continues. The second is from banding together as a group to stave off a real or a perceived enemy.You've got to get a rush from coming together with people with like mind and fighting off an enemy, and that's kind of the basis of sports, it is the basis of nations who get a disproportionate amount of the spoils by fighting back, if you will.And I think, unfortunately, that has led to kind of a dark place where I think a lot of these students and a lot of people just go on the hunt for fake enemies. I don't think the Jewish girl leaving the library going to get a manicure is your mortal enemy.I think in many of these instances, these people have picked the wrong adversary.KILMEADE: Understood. You also -- you talk about, too, don't follow your passion: it is a bad advice. Follow your talent. Because with that, you'll get success and with success, you get money and with money, you get that -- you lose that sense of anxiety. You found that out.GALLOWAY: Yes. Anyone who tells you to follow your passion, Brian is over rich. Your job in your 20s is to workshop a series of careers where you think you are so good at something that you have the talent to be in the top 10 percent, in an industry that has a 90-plus percent employment rate.You want to be in sports, nightclubs, media, you better be in the top 10 percent and you better get signals pretty early. Because the top 50 percent of tax accountants have very nice lives, the top 50 percent of basketball players, the top 10 percent, the top one percent of basketball players played JV in high school.So the return on your invested capital when you're young, and you're really your only capital is your time is inversely correlated to how sexy an industry is. And what I would argue is that becoming a master at anything, the accoutrements of that economic relevance, prestige, camaraderie will make you passionate about whatever it is.Become passionate about taking care of your parents and all the wonderful things America offers for people with economic security.KILMEADE: Absolutely, and you found that out. And just real quick. I know you're in London now, but you work at NYU, you see these riots going on across the country, in almost every state, countless campuses. Why is this happening? Has it caught you by surprise and where did the antisemitism come from?GALLOWAY: Oh, it is shocking, Brian, I was at UCLA 40 years ago, I'm a Jew. The thought that 40 years later, the arc of progress has generally been up in America, the fact that 40 years later, they'd be passing out bans to non-Jewish students from restricting Jews access to certain campus facilities. It's just -- there's just no doubt about it. It's incredibly disappointing. It's been shocking and it is un-American.I also think there is some antisemitism here. I think if I went down to any of the plazas of any of these universities, and started saying these things about any special interest group, I would be fired immediately from the faculty. And I think if I continued to harass students, they would call in the National Guard.It appears free speech is never freer when it turns to hate speech against Jews.KILMEADE: In another time, we'll talk about you believing a lot of this comes from TikTok and there's all these anti-Israeli tapes out there and streams, very few anti-Palestinian and they're manipulating the next generation.Congratulations on your new book. It's great. It's must read. And thanks so much, Scott. I'll talk to you again soon.GALLOWAY: Thank you, Brian.KILMEADE: All right, meanwhile, coming up straight ahead. Catch me live on stage, "History, Liberty and Laughs." I'll continue with two more dates: Indianapolis, go to BrianKilmeade.com. That's June 29th; East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania on July 27. There will be air conditioning.I'll be live on stage talking about among other things, Teddy and Booker T. I hope to see you in person.Up next on this show though, despite the critics, President Donald Trump reveals what his second term would look like in detail and it's a stark contrast from our current president.Kayleigh McEnany is here to break it all down. Don't move.You're watching ONE NATION.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: All right, few people know what it's like to be by the president's side when he was at the White House better than Kayleigh McEnany, and how much it would mean to him to get right back there at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. But he's got two hills to climb now: One on the trial and one on the trail, both of which he did this week.Here to tell us how we did and where he should be going, Kayleigh McEnany, co-host of "Outnumbered." Former White House press secretary.Great to see you, Kayleigh.KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CO-HOST "OUTNUMBERED": Thanks, Brian. Good to be here.KILMEADE: First off, let's start on trial. We're about eleven, twelve days into it. How's it going? How's he doing?MCENANY: He is doing very well. What's the crime? As Jonathan Turley continues to ask, there has been no crime presented.This is about being salacious. This is "New York Times" never before a brought case. For every case ever brought, never before has New York State election law been used to charge in a federal election.This is bogus. And I think that again, it's a trial in search of a crime and I didn't think that's how America works.KILMEADE: He was very volatile in the beginning. He was very upset with the jury selection, the speed in which it was done. Closing his eyes, whatever, resting, trying to keep his anger in check. He is dealing with the violations of gag orders. Do you feel as though he's hitting his stride more now, though?MCENANY: Without a doubt. I think it's really important when you go back and look at these court moments where he is coming out of the courtroom. Everyone is watching.For a long time, MSNBC, CNN carrying them, he is asked all of these questions about court and he would rightfully respond and he should respond. He has to defend himself.But he's moved from defense to offense. He will talk about the court cases and then immediately pivot to offense, inflation numbers, the economy, the college protests, and this message goes viral.And at first I think there was a concern Joe Biden's out on the trail. Trump is going to be unheard from. No one is talking about Joe Biden, Trump's driving the narrative He is literally controlling the national conversation.KILMEADE: You're the lawyer, but two things emerge for me. Michael Cohen desperately wanted to get to the White House, felt shunned and destroyed to the point...MCENANY: Yes.KILMEADE: ... where the witness said, I thought he was going to commit suicide. He was suicidal in the conversation. So, he has an angle, he has bitterness.Number two is he does not mind David Pecker's testimony. President Trump say he is a good guy. So he listened to David Pecker over a couple of days and has no problem with what he said.And then Hope Hicks gets on the stand and it doesn't look like it's going to be a problem even though they haven't spoken in two years.MCENANY: No problem. She clearly served the role as press secretary on the campaign, did what she was supposed to do, a press inquiry would come in, she would gather the facts. She talked to her boss, nothing to see here. But they're trying to backdoor the Access Hollywood tape.The judge ruled yes, you can quote it, but you cannot play it. The Access Hollywood tape has zero relevance to anything regarding Stormy Daniels.But this is what the prosecution is doing, make this all look salacious. They want to get a conviction. They don't care if they're overturned on appeal, and they will be overturned on appeal because of the Weinstein case in the Molineux Rule that you cannot bring in uncharged crimes that have no direct bearing on the evidence at hand and the crime being charged.So I think there'll be overturned. They don't care about that. That will happen next year. This is about politics.KILMEADE: All right, let's go to the trail. Let's go to his quest to get four more years.The president likes traditional media. As much as he hates "The New York Times," he likes being in it, he likes being on "Time" Magazine, he's on the cover. What would a second term look like? Now why would they do something like this if it wasn't going to happen?One of the lines from "Time" Magazine says Donald Trump is doing better in 2024 than he did in 2016 and 2020. In this story, I read the whole thing and you did, too.MCENANY: Yes.KILMEADE: Totally different in the way he is portrayed into the actual interview, which has Q&A all the way through.MCENANY: Brian, so you flagged the story for me. So I go and read it. And what do I find? He's asked about whether he'll prosecute Fani Willis and Bragg and he says, no, I don't want to do that. He's asked about prosecuting Biden. I wouldn't want to hurt Biden, I have too much respect for the office.He is asked about whether he'll respect the Supreme Court. When asked if he'd comply with all orders, he said he would. So that's the story, okay. But wait, what does the press do, and this is what they always do.MSNBC: Trump reveals terrifying plan for second term."Daily Beast": Trump's latest interview is his most scariest to date.NPR: Same thing, most aggressive plans for a second term.It doesn't match his words, and this is what the press did to me at the podium, did in his entire presidency and they're continuing it and they've been doing it.KILMEADE: Joe Rogan calls you the GOAT because -- the Greatest Of All Time, because you would flip it over and go, now let me tell you the questions you should be asking, which is true. No one can out prepare you.Here's an example: During the interview, the president was asked are you going to be a dictator? He said, why did you say this to Sean Hannity? He goes, I'm being sarcastic. It didn't stop Kamala Harris to say this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Under Donald Trump, it would be fair game for women to be monitored and punished by the government.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: It is not true, she went on to say he wants to be a dictator, mischaracterizing people that aren't going to read "Time" Magazine.MCENANY: These are lies. Donald Trump going back to 2016 was asked, clarify your position on life. It's always been a tenant of the prolife movement, not to punish the woman. The woman is a victim, and he has always been clear about that, going back to 2016. And yet, here they are again.But, they've tried this, Brian. This is the thing. They've tried this since 2016. Since I was on a CNN panel being pummeled by eight Democrats. It didn't work then, it is not going to work now. The American people care about food on their dinner table, affording houses, lower interest rates. The list goes on.KILMEADE: Take CNN off your resume. You should just say Fox.MCENANY: It gets booed at speeches. So I am going to take it off now.KILMEADE: Thanks so much. It's going to be interesting to follow. And I know they had hated at "Time" Magazine to write, well, you know, basically, what if he wins? And right now, he is winning.Kayleigh, thanks so much.MCENANY: Absolutely. Thanks, Brian.KILMEADE: All right, let me tell you what straight ahead, Kayleigh, you don't have to stay if you don't want to. But here's what you can be looking forward to, follow me on social media. Same thing, it's at @Kilmeade on Facebook, Instagram, Rumble or X, whatever they call it on Twitter.And also please send us your videos. For example, Terry from Maine sent us a video about their pig. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TERRY FROM MAINE: Lily, have you heard? Biden wants to be president?(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: All right, let's wrap this thing up and welcome back.The fight for fairness in women's sports continues. First anniversary of Michigan's women's water polo team sparking outrage after it was announced they are allowing a trans athlete to compete in the national championships this weekend for the second straight year. The women's team is the number one seed This is a joke. The tournament ends tomorrow at Texas A&M.More trans news: West Virginia, five middle school girls were banned from track and field competitions after protesting competing against a biological male at a meet that was two weeks ago.Good news for the parents. They are suing over that decision. I hope they win.That does it for us for now. Don't forget to send us some videos. We will send you some ONE NATION swag. Look at some of this great stuff. It's little small, but actually it's a lot bigger in person.And even better take ONE NATION on vacation with you. It is coming to that season. Send us a photo or video of you wearing ONE NATION polo or drinking from your morning mug in Barbados or France or wherever you choose to go, maybe the Poconos and e-mail it to OneNation@fox.comTune in to "Fox & Friends" Weekend tomorrow. It is going to be four hours of packed information. How do I know? Pete Hegseth gave me the inside story.And be sure to catch me on radio, nine to noon. We will now be on KLIF in Dallas starting May 6th. It's going to be fun.Kristi Noem is going to be with us. Governor Sununu is going to be with us, and Congressman David Kustoff, a Jewish American in Congress.Now, it's time for "Fox News Saturday Night" with the great Jimmy Failla. I'm going to sit here and watch the whole thing. I brought some beer.