KEVIN O'LEARY, CHAIRMAN, O'LEARY VENTURES: The French designer, which is Cartier made a mistake and, of course, when they realized the error, they tried to give him something free like a little leather bag. He said, no, no, Nanette, I want the real thing and the brand did the right thing and gave him those 14,000 for $14.00.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: After court.O'LEARY: I love Cartier because they understand brand management.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's it for us, Bret.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Mr. Wonderful is really, really good at One More Thing.GUTFELD: Yes, he is.BAIER: Yes. OK, Greg. Thanks.GUTFELD: Bye.BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. Anti-Israel protesters on college campuses are clashing with law enforcement in several locations again tonight, this after police in New York forcibly evicted demonstrators from a Columbia University building overnight. New protests have begun at another New York School, an anti-Semitic, anti-Israel protesters at UCLA in Los Angeles fought with pro Jewish demonstrators who tried to tear down their encampment overnight.In the midst of all of this, very little from President Biden himself, his staff putting out statements answering questions about the president's relative silence on the issue.We begin tonight in Los Angeles with Correspondent Bill Melugin at UCLA. Good evening, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. All classes here at UCLA are canceled today after a night of violent clashes here on campus that went on for hours without any kind of law enforcement intervention.And just moments ago, we heard from UCLA's chancellor who described what happened last night as, "utterly unacceptable." Well, the school had essentially been taking a hands off approach to this anti-Israeli encampment behind us for many days and last night, tensions finally boiled over.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (voice over): Fireworks, pepper spray, fistfights and screaming matches.Protest turning violent overnight at UCLA. A group of counter demonstrators descended on the campus and tried to dismantle the anti-Israel encampment.Absent from the scenes of anarchy was any police intervention. For more than two hours, both sides battled with nothing separating them, leading to multiple injuries.It wasn't until the early morning hours that LAPD officers arrived and broke up the fighting.Protesters around the country say they are not deterred by the escalation.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are fully aware of the risks and we're ready to take on whatever happens.MELUGIN (voice over): Situation turned violent today in Madison, Wisconsin when police removed in an encampment, at least a dozen demonstrators were arrested and fresh protests broke out at the University of Las Vegas, University of Texas at Dallas where an encampment went up this morning.On Monday, protesters at the University of Texas in Austin were pepper sprayed. The campus is now calmer. The university issued a statement saying dozens of people arrested there had no affiliation with the school and that weapons including guns were confiscated.10 protesters were arrested at the University of South Florida Tuesday. Campus Police say this one had a gun in his waistband. The library at Portland State remains occupied as is the encampment at UCLA's Royce Hall.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We thought we were going to get swept by the LAPD last night and stuff but yes, going to take a cold shower to get these chemicals off.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And take a look at this moment of patriotism on the campus of UNC Chapel Hill as a group of frat brothers defended the American flag from anti-Israel protesters.Yesterday, those protesters pulled down the American flag and replaced it with a Palestinian flag. Law enforcement then went in and put the American flag back in its place. The protesters then came back and tried to pull it down again.Well, the frat brothers stepped in and defended it. Those are the pictures you're looking at right now. There is now a GoFundMe for them to throw them a "rager" that has now raised over $120,000, Bret.BAIER: That's a lot of kegs. Bill Melugin in Los Angeles. Bill, thanks.New York Mayor Eric Adams says police have arrested almost 300 protesters at Columbia University and City College. He's blaming what he goes outside agitators for some of the trouble.And new demonstrations erupted today in another New York School, correspondent Alexis McAdams has latest tonight from the campus of Fordham University. Good evening, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Greg, good evening. This is what's happening here on the ground at Fordham University. You can see the heavy police presence here right behind us in New York City. It's kind of a similar situation to what we saw over at Columbia but really a lot less forced.And then this is where it all started here. You can see in this campus building. That's where they had a Gaza solidarity encampment set up. Those students were actually served suspension paperwork. According to organizers today, the administration also telling those students via e-mail, they were no longer allowed on campus. Those tents are now gone. But we haven't seen any arrests.Protests like this popping up on campuses across New York City, Bret. Here's a live look across the Big Apple. The crowds gathering just hours after absolute chaos at Columbia University overnight.Hundreds of NYPD officers in riot gear moving into the campus grounds overnight after getting a call from Columbia President Minouche Shafik asking the police to clear that encampment to remove the students who took over Hamilton Hall. Police tell Fox News those students barricaded themselves behind those doors using furniture so officers had to actually go through the windows.Nearly 300 people were arrested at Columbia and at City College on Tuesday, the same area where these NYPD officers raised the American flag again after protesters replaced it with the Palestinian flag.Today, the NYPD confirming that the wife of a man convicted of giving material support to terrorism was on Columbia's campus this week protesting just the other day. According to the Justice Department, the woman's husband Sami Al-Arian pled guilty to a charge of conspiring to provide services to the Palestinian -- Palestinian rather Islamic Jihad, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REBECCA WEINER, NEW YORK POLICE ASSISTANT COMMISSIONER: Last week, there was the wife of somebody who had been convicted for material support to terrorism on campus and we have no evidence of any criminal wrongdoing on her part. But that's not somebody who I would want necessarily influencing my child if I were a parent of somebody at Columbia.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: And as protests continue across New York City, the NYPD remains on standby, but no major issues and no arrests just yet, Bret.BAIER: You know, Alexis, I saw you earlier today talking and interviewing some of these students. One of them had said that she saw a difference between what she was doing out there and anti-Semitic protests. Obviously, we've seen all kinds of signs and chants at different protests, but they're trying to make that differential, right?MCADAMS: That's right. Yes, there are some students out here who say they are here to talk about what's happening with the Palestinian people. And then there are some outside groups as NYPD and some of these students know that are moving in and trying to cause trouble and chaos and even possibly, you know, trying to antagonize the police, Bret.BAIER: OK, Alexis McAdams in the Bronx. Alexis, thanks.President Biden has led printed statements and comments from administration officials to do the talking on the campus chaos. His spokeswoman today fielding many questions on the protests and several questions about the president's silence on the issue.Meanwhile, down the street, Congress debated and voted on a move to go on the record about anti-Semitism.White House correspondent Peter Doocy has details tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Late today, the house easily passed a bill addressing anti-Semitism as President Biden has remained entirely out of sight. He is at a campaign fundraiser a few blocks away right now. And he's leaving it up to his aides to explain the White House's position on these protests.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: There's a small number of students who are causing the disruptionDOOCY (voice over): As White House officials sympathized with peaceful student protesters, intense debate erupted on Capitol Hill over a bipartisan bill aiming to make the Holocaust Remembrance Alliance's definition of anti-Semitism the law.REP. JEROLD NADLER (D-NY): This legislation is a distraction.DOOCY (voice over): Democrat Congressman Jerry Nadler claims the bill cools protected speech.REP. MIKE LAWLER (R-NY): The fact that we have some of the highest ranking Jewish officials in America, refusing to defend the Jewish community because of politics is a disgrace.DOOCY (voice over): And in the Senate, a fresh threat to cut funding to colleges and universities.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): The biggest supply of money comes from us. And so, we're taking a look at how to condition that money.DOOCY (voice over): President Biden continues keeping his feelings about campus chaos to himself.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): Mr. President, you need to speak tonight. You need to tell the schools if you don't clean up your act, I will clean it up for you.DOOCY (voice over): His most recent comment on the protests, April 22nd.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I condemn the anti- Semitic protests. I also condemned those who don't understand what's going on with the Palestinians.DOOCY (voice over): And that is not President Biden having it both ways, according to officials frustrated with comparisons to Trump's Charlottesville response.JEAN-PIERRE: And they're just not the same, fundamentally not the same, and it is in bad faith. It is in bad faith to say that.DOOCY (voice over): But there are big differences between Biden's approach in 2024 versus 2017.DOOCY: He said about Trump's response in Charlottesville for me was a moment where I thought silence would be complicity.JEAN-PIERRE: Yes.DOOCY: So, how does he explain -- how do you explain the silence this week?JEAN-PIERRE: The president has not been silent on this issue when it comes to hate speech anti-Semitism.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): Officials here ant credit for President Biden's past statements on vile anti-Semitic rhetoric and for the plan that he put forward in the past to address anti-Semitism on college campuses even though there is plenty of evidence. Every day this week, that that plan has not taken hold, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live in the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.House lawmakers tried to get some answers today about the alleged involvement of a U.S. based organization in so called gain of function research in China prior to the coronavirus pandemic. Here's senior Congressional Correspondent Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Peter Daszak is at the center of the controversy surrounding speculation about how COVID-19 may have started. House Republicans say his firm EcoHealth "facilitated experiments on bats at the Wuhan Institute of Virology," ground zero for theories that COVID-19 came from a lab leak.PETER DASZAK, PRESIDENT, ECOHEALTH ALLIANCE: But based on myths and legends.PERGRAM (voice over): The federal government shut down Daszak's Wuhan work in 2020. Lawmakers accused him of playing loose with a $4 million grant and conducting risky experiments. Lawmakers believe Daszak tried to cover up research.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Once COVID break -- outbreak happened, you labeled the lab leak theory as conspiracy theory.DASZAK: That's not what I said. I said that the word conspiracy theories --PERGRAM (voice over): Lawmakers suggest that since Daszak wasn't forthright, that may have fueled speculation about what went down in Wuhan.REP. DEBORAH ROSS (D-NC): Do you knew that there were difficulties when the taxpayer's money is used for scientific research. It is imperative that people comply with the rules.PERGRAM (voice over): Some House lawmakers doubt that COVID came from nature. The intelligence community says, "most agencies say with low confidence that COVID-19 was not engineered," but the FBI and the Department of Energy say it could be from a lab leak.However, Democrats doubt there was a conspiracy.REP. RAUL RUIZ (D-CA): This is not the same as uncovering COVID-19 origin. Nor is it evidence that our scientific community caused and has sought to cover up the origins of the pandemic.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): The GOP demands a criminal investigation into EcoHealth. Both parties vowed to cut funding for the firm, Bret.BAIER: Chad, another issue, Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene from Georgia says she will try to oust House Speaker Mike Johnson next week.PERGRAM: That's right, Greene will trigger her resolution next week as you say, Democrats will likely rescue Johnson.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): Now we have Hakeem Jeffries and the Democrats coming out, embracing Mike Johnson with a warm hug and a big wet sloppy kiss because Mike Johnson is giving them everything they want.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: The House will actually vote on killing Greene's resolution. That's one step away from a vote to oust the speaker, Bret.BAIER: OK, Chad, we'll monitor that. Thanks.The Federal Reserve chairman says inflation has remained stubbornly high in recent months and the Fed does not plan to cut interest rates until it has greater confidence. That price increases are slowing sustainably to its two percent target. It is still the target.Stocks were mixed today on that news, the Dow was up 87, the S&P 500 lost 17, the NASDAQ was down 52.Up next, one member of Congress calls it a Cuban Missile Crisis in space, we'll look at Russia's development of anti-satellite nuclear technology.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 13 in Tampa, as Florida Governor Ron DeSantis signs a bill outlawing the sale and manufacturing of lab grown meat. The bill also preempts local governments from regulating electric vehicle charging stations and increases penalties for people who commit crimes on Florida farms.Fox 46 in Charlotte with a procession for fallen deputy U.S. Marshal Thomas Weeks Jr. from Charlotte to Mooresville. The 48-year-old Weeks died in the line of duty Monday when a suspect opened fire on law enforcement officers, killing Weeks and three others.Records show gunman Terry Hughes Jr. had an arrest history dating back more than two decades. He was killed in that shootout.And this is a live look at Seattle from Fox 13, our affiliate there. One of the big stories there tonight. Animal control officers intensify efforts to locate a missing zebra. Yes, a zebra on the loose. The animal has been loose for about 48 hours. It was part of a group of zebras bound from Montana. Four of them staged the daring escape apparently near Interstate 90 Sunday, the three others were recaptured. Look out for that zebra.That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Tonight, we have an in depth look at what one Republican congressman is calling a Cuban Missile Crisis in space.Russia is developing anti-satellite nuclear capability in what was previously an off-limits location.Here is chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): We command to abort the launch has been issued.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voice over): For the second time in a year Russia's space agency failed to launch a new heavy lift rocket from its far eastern space complex, part of an effort to beat the U.S. in colonizing the moon. A third launch failed Tuesday.The same day, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin faced questions on Capitol Hill from lawmakers concerned about a more menacing aspect of the new space race.New intelligence suggesting Russia is developing an anti-satellite nuclear capability that would threaten U.S. space assets.If used in combat, it could blind the U.S. military.GEN. LLOYD AUSTIN (RET), UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: It would have devastating consequences.GRIFFIN (voice over): Concerns about anti-satellite weapons in space go back to 2007 when China first fired a ballistic missile at one of its satellites to demonstrate this new capability and threat.House Intelligence Committee chairman, Mike Turner, raised alarm bells two months ago, after seeing classified intelligence that suggested Russia plan to launch a nuclear anti-satellite weapon in space.REP. MIKE TURNER (R-OH): I believe that this is the Cuban Missile Crisis in space and this administration is sleepwalking itself into an international crisis.GRIFFIN (voice over): Last week, Russia vetoed a U.S. and Japan sponsored U.N. resolution reaffirming the 1967 Outer Space Treaty, calling for nations to prevent a nuclear arms race in space.China abstained.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN (on camera): National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan called out Russian President Vladimir Putin, who has said publicly Russia has no intention of deploying nuclear weapons in space. If so, he asked, why did Russia veto the resolution? Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin at the Pentagon. Jennifer, Thank you.Up next, former President Donald Trump returns to the campaign trail. We'll have a live report from Michigan. As you look live there in Freeland, Michigan.First, beyond our borders tonight. Police used tear gas to disperse protesters during the May Day March in Paris. Thousands of people marched through the French capitol seeking better pay and working conditions.Tourists are evacuated by air from a national reserve in Kenya amid flooding and heavy rains there more than a dozen hotels lodges and camps are flooded.The Kenyan Red Cross says it rescued 36 people by air, 25 by land. More than 170 people have died across Kenya since mid-March when the rainy season started.And this is a live look at Cape Town. One of the big stories there tonight. An aquarium in South Africa is trying to help more than 500 baby sea turtles washed up on beaches by a rare and powerful storm.These little turtles are mostly endangered loggerheads, they should be cruising the ocean most of them. Instead, will spend their first few months of their lives in the newly built plastic tanks in an aquarium in Cape Town.Just some of the other stories, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" -- way "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The Arizona State Senate has approved a bill to repeal an abortion ban dating back to the 19th century. Two Republicans sided with Democrats in Arizona to pass the House bill. The legislation comes after the state Supreme Court decided an abortion law from 1864 could be reinstated. The bill now goes to Democratic governor Katie Hobbs who is expected to sign it.Former President Trump is back on the campaign trail during a short bake break in his New York criminal trial. He is trying to flip Michigan and Wisconsin back into his column after winning them in 2016 and losing them in 2020.Correspondent Garrett Tenney reports tonight from Freeland, Michigan.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Hello, Wisconsin. How are you this evening?GARRETT TENNEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Former President Donald Trump back on the campaign trail today holding rallies in Wisconsin and Michigan.Those states and Pennsylvania make up Democrats blue wall strategy, since winning those states which flipped for Joe Biden in 2020, after going for Donald Trump and 2016 would nearly secure Biden a second term.But right now, the race is a virtual tie in all three states. One of the top issues for voters is the economy.TRUMP: We had the greatest, we had no inflation. Today, your inflation so high, it doesn't matter if you make money, it doesn't matter. It eats you alive.But when I'm in the White House, the Biden economic bust will quickly be replaced with the Trump economic boom.AMERICAN CROWD: Yes!TRUMP: We're going to replace it. We're going to replace it quickly.TENNEY (voice over): Democrats are hoping to make abortion a bigger issue in this race. And are hammering the former president over a new Time magazine interview in which he said he'd leave abortion policies up to the states in a second term, and wouldn't take action to stop states from enforcing their laws, even if those laws included monitoring women's pregnancies, of which Trump said "I think they might do that."Vice President Kamala Harris, responded to those remarks during a campaign stop in Florida today, while marking the state's new six-week abortion ban taking effect.KAMALA HARRIS, (D) VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Under Donald Trump, it would be fair game for women to be monitored and punished by the government, whereas Joe Biden and I have a different view. We believe the government should never come between a woman and her doctor.(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO TAPE)TENNEY: Both campaigns are continuing their attacks on independent candidate Robert Kennedy Jr. who today challenged Joe Biden to agree to a 50-state poll to see who performed strongest against Donald Trump, and for whoever is the weaker between them to then drop out. Bret?BAIER: Garrett Tenney in Freeland, Michigan, that rally ongoing. You see the former president in a distance there, and Trump Force One over his shoulder. Garrett, thanks.Let's bring in FOX News chief political analyst Brit Hume. Brit, good evening. You watched the earlier rally in Wisconsin by the former president. Your thoughts, his message and his delivery?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, he seems in good form, Bret, apart from whether you like what he said or not. If I were he, I would be a nervous wreck facing what he is facing, in the middle of a trial with more to come and had all that stuff hanging over my head. I would have a hard time going out on the campaign trail and being all chipper and up for it and focused. And he seemed to be all of those things today. So, it's a sign that even though he is hampered by his need to be in court a lot, he maintains an energy advantage over Joe Biden on the campaign trail by quite a lot. And that may persist as he -- he may be limited, but when he is out there, he's his old self.BAIER: Yes. His message a lot today in Wisconsin and now in Freeland, Michigan, has been on the economy, which is obviously the number one issue when polled people around America say is important to them come the election.I want to bring up this "Time" magazine piece that went in depth, and it's titled how far would Trump go, "How far Trump would go." And here's a quote from it, "What emerged in two interviews with Trump and conversations with more than a dozen of his closest advisers and confidantes were the outlines of an imperial presidency that would reshape America and its role in the world." It goes on to specific quotes and cites, as you can imagine, officials that are not cited -- they are anonymous in the piece. But your thoughts on this premise and what a number of the media outlets have been grasping on to?HUME: It seemed to me that "Time" magazine article was more notable for what it said about Trump, even though it was apparently based on an interview, than what he actually said. When people have had a four-year experience with a person that's president, they may not be subject, unless they are already are against him, to claims about how awful and terrible he is going to be if he gets another term. We're looking at polling now, Bret, in which people say they found life under Donald Trump more agreeable than they find it now on the incumbent -- under the incumbent president.So this piece will have its moment, and the comments about abortion that he made suggests that he and other Republicans haven't yet found out -- found yet a way to talk about that issue. But I don't think this is very durable, and I don't think the conclusions "Time" reached were supported by the quotes from the president -- former president himself.BAIER: Yes, last thing. The White House asked repeatedly today about action or statements made surrounding this campus chaos and the protests we see. Here's the White House press secretary.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Has anyone from the administration been in touch with administrators, leaders, at Columbia or any of these universities that are seeing these protests?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I don't have any calls to read out at this time. Obviously, we're closely monitoring the situation.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: What do you make of the statements or lack thereof from President Biden himself?HUME: Well, it suggests to me, Bret, that Biden is thinking -- trying to have it both ways on the underlying issue of Israel versus Gaza, in Gaza, and about these protests related to it. He is supporting Israel with arms. He says our relationship with Israel is ironclad. On the other hand, he is continually carping at the Israelis for not doing enough to protect the people in Gaza. And so I think that's a sign he is trying to protect himself with the Muslim vote in some states where the Muslim vote is important, Michigan being the most signal example.And the same thing is true on these protests. He sends his press secretary, as you saw there, out there to say that he is strong against antisemitism and against violence and all the rest of it, but he won't utter a peep himself. It's a kind of a straddling strategy. I think that's what he's trying to do. I'm not at all sure it will work.BAIER: Brit, as always, thank you.Up next, the winners of the Charles Krauthammer scholarships for this year, and an interview with Charles' son, Daniel, on set.And later, the panel on the chaos on college campuses and the search for answers about COVID.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Welcome back to SPECIAL REPORT. For the past five years, we have honored the legacy of Dr. Charles Krauthammer through a scholarship award for the children of FOX News employees. Tonight, we meet this year's winners and look back at some of our favorite moments with Charles.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER, SYNDICATED COLUMNIST: I've had things to say. Some of them I think are done fairly well.BAIER: Charles regularly appeared on SPECIAL REPORT.Charles, I should point out, thanks for being dressed for us tonight.KRAUTHAMMER: I'm trying to raise the sartorial level of the panel.(LAUGHTER)KRAUTHAMMER: This is my feeble attempt.BAIER: He provided intellect.KRAUTHAMMER: That's where a three-year residency in psychiatry comes in handy.BAIER: Thoughtfulness.KRAUTHAMMER: When the facts change, my opinions change.BAIER: And humor.KRAUTHAMMER: Hard to compete with a guy in a moon suit and a flag.BAIER: His path in life took him from the top of his class at Harvard Medical School to Pulitzer Prize winning columnist.Are you surprised by the amount of influence that you have with your column?KRAUTHAMMER: I find it worrisome. The reason is that when I was totally unknown, I could say anything I damn well pleased.BAIER: Charles left us in 2018. But much of his commentary remains relevant today.KRAUTHAMMER: Everybody understands who the new hegemon in the region will be. It's going to be Iran.It's a problem that we have caused. If the demand did not exist in the U.S., you would not have a supply. It wouldn't be a problem.BAIER: Each year, FOX News has honored his memory through a partnership with the National Merit Scholarship Program, providing awards for children of FOX News employees.NATHAN KING, KRAUTHAMMER SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENT: I think Dr. Krauthammer is very good at doing a lot of things very well. I kind of like want to channel that and be able to do a lot of different things myself.BAIER: This year's recipients include Nathan King, whose father Scott King is a photographer based in Dallas.KING: I kind of like really like put myself out there academically.BAIER: Nathan participants in academic competitions with a focus on computer applications. He also founded his schools astrophysics club and actively volunteers in his community.KING: My main goal for college is to be able to do kind of high quality research and engage in that kind of academia.BAIER: Nathan plans to attend Utah State University and major in physics and mathematics.KING: So to see all that work come to fruition through the scholarship is pretty awesome.DIANA JACHMAN, KRAUTHAMMER SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENT: This scholarship is really like a culmination of all my hard work.BAIER: Diana Jachman plans to follow in her parents' footsteps. Her father, Tom Jachman, is a field photographer based in Atlanta.JACHMAN: Whenever something that is relevant happens at our school or happens in the area, my school paper and FOX covers it. There have been multiple situations where I have worked with my dad on covering a story.BAIER: She is currently involved in her school's musical theater program and is managing editor of multimedia for her school's paper.JACHMAN: The satisfaction I get from putting together a news story is, like, something I don't experience anywhere else.BAIER: Diana plans to major in literature, media, and communications at Georgia Institute of Technology, and, like Charles, Diana will spend part of her college career at Oxford University.JACHMAN: Seeing someone who can be extremely educated in all these different places and apply it to something you didn't really think you could apply it to is extremely inspiring.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): Education was very important to Charles Krauthammer, and he encouraged his own son to never stop learning. Daniel Krauthammer joins me now to honor his father's memory and celebrate the scholarship recipients. Daniel, it's great to see you.DANIEL KRAUTHAMMER, SON OF CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER: So good to see you, Bret.BAIER: Every year at this time.DANIEL KRAUTHAMMER: It is.BAIER: And now we have two more recipients, worthy folks in your dad's name. It's a bill deal.DANIEL KRAUTHAMMER: Yes. And my mom and I are so happy to celebrate them my thanks to you and Suzanne Scott and the whole FOX team for establishing this scholarship and keeping it going everywhere. It's just a wonderful way, I think, to honor my father's legacy.BAIER: Nathan and Diana both have some similarities, or ties.DANIEL KRAUTHAMMER: Yes, yes, exactly. So Diana is very interested in journalism, which is an obvious connection, and she speaks a lot about the breadth of her knowledge and bringing things together, which my dad did across many fields, from medicine to philosophy to politics. And she is going on to study at Oxford, which my dad did and I did, too.And Nathan is an expert in physics, astrophysics, math, space exploration, which my dad was obsessed with, wrote about extensively, and even went back to school and audited some astrophysics classes in his 40s just because he loved it so much.BAIER: Every time we talk, I am inundated with people who say they really miss your dad's voice in today's environment because he could cut through the noise and get to the heart of an issue. And they always ask me, like, what do you think Dr. Krauthammer would say about this time? We're in a tense time. There's a lot of antisemitism. There's the student protests. I want to play this soundbite. This is on the panel discussion on the 70th anniversary of the holocaust.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER, SYNDICATED COLUMNIST: The threat today, and it is a real threat, it's a recurrence of the threat, is from its enemies in the Middle East. Israel is now for the first time since Jesus, is not just the only Jewish state on the planet, it's the largest community of Jews on the planet anywhere. And it is now threatened by a regime in Iran that openly says it wants to eradicate it.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: He spoke a lot about antisemitism and what he saw creeping in to our culture.DANIEL KRAUTHAMMER: He was ahead of the curve on this as on so many things that he saw the growing threat from the root of all the physical danger to Israel, which is Iran and the regime there, which we have been putting off dealing with for nearly a decade now.BAIER: He also was a big proponent of free speech. But he noticed something changing on college campuses. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER, SYNDICATED COLUMNIST: The universities, which used to teach tolerance and now teach sensitivity. So, the students learn from the first day that if somebody says anything that makes you uncomfortable, you can then complain. You might get them in trouble.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And from his book, "Things that Matter" about McGill protests, he wrote this, "At McGill, I witnessed a mass rally to turn the university, then considered by the left a bastion of Anglo imperialism, into a French speaking school for the local proletariat. It was for me a seminal moment, visual, tangible evidence of the ultimate convergence of the left and the right and an object lesson in the virtues of ideological moderation, and my goodbye, if there ever was a hello, to political romanticism. It set my own political course toward philosophical skepticism and political tolerance." Digest that for everybody and what he was thinking.DANIEL KRAUTHAMMER: Yes, I think that excerpt from his book, which of all times to go back and read now is a good one. He began to speak out against what we're seeing now, which is a similar view of everything through one paradigm, everything through one vision. Nothing else is allowed. Anything else, in fact, is an insult and is something you should be protected from.BAIER: I love going back and looking at some of these. We obviously play a lot of his soundbites on the show throughout the time. If somebody wants to see some of your dad's writings besides the books, where do they go?DANIEL KRAUTHAMMER: The best place is probably his website, CharlesKrauthammer.com, which has some of the best stuff he ever wrote.BAIER: I always asked you about your dad and what he might think. What do you think? Are you optimistic about where we are?DANIEL KRAUTHAMMER: I think right now it's an important time. I think in some ways it's good that this extremism is coming out into the open, that a lot of what was boiling under the surface can be seen for what it is and addressed and confronted. I think it's so important that those students who will be in charge of our society one day keep those traditions that might dad revered going strong, because, if we don't, then we will really be in trouble.BAIER: Daniel, as always, it's great to see you. Say hi to your mom for me.DANIEL KRAUTHAMMER: I will, and we wish all to you and your family, especially Paul.BAIER: Thanks.So great to do that every year.Up next, the panel on the continued silence from President Biden about the anti-Israel protests on college campuses. Also a look at COVID. And then a special delivery.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: President Biden historically has spoken very forcefully about antisemitism. But this week he is not. He is MIA. He is that worried about losing the youth vote?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I can't speak to youth and support and voters, that's not something I can do from here. The president has taken a lot of policy actions here that he knows that young people care about.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: White House spokesperson talking about the president not talking about the campus chaos. "Axios" writes it this way, "Biden's tough options as Gaza protest unravel on college campuses. The White House is facing a yearend exam with no good answers. They can have Biden forcefully and personally condemn the protesters and risk alienating the same young voters the president needs to be more energized for him to win in November. Biden can stand in solidarity with the protesters and offend centrists. Or they can have spokespeople make calls for civil and peaceful demonstrations with no real expectation that students will pay them any heed."Here is Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib on the House floor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RASHIDA TLAIB, (D-MI): From the Civil Rights movement to antiwar protests to the movement for black lives, immigrant rights, our country has a long history of student leading movement for change.These students should be praised for standing up for what they believe in, not vilified, smeared with misinformation campaigns and silence. Our government isn't just complicit to this genocide. We are actively participating.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: OK, with that, let's bring in our panel, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," and Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.Mollie, your thoughts? It's being handled differently. Your thoughts about how the White House is doing it and what's happening around the country?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: These protests, whether they devolve into violence and occupation or whether they remain peaceful, are largely built on lies about Israel and its conflict with the Palestinian territories. Just as we saw four years ago, the dangerous and deadly riots that took over much of the country were based largely on lies about America and its history and what it's like to be in America today.And so a lot of people are rejecting this latest incarnation of this Marxist ideology, but they really need to reject the whole thing. And President Biden is in a tough spot because his party, largely with the rise of his predecessor, President Obama, really changed the party into focusing on accusations of racism and defining people as oppressed or oppressor, and using that for political gain. So President Biden is in a very tough situation. Does he renounce this natural result of what his party has really wrought, or does he try to stay silent and not get too involved?BAIER: And, Juan, I say that it's handled differently because did you go around the country thrill and it is being handled differently by different states, different universities. "The Wall Street Journal" writes it this way, "A tale of three universities. Northwestern appeases its protesters, Florida enforces its rules, Columbia is a mess."JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, Bret, I think what you've got here is a situation where what was once peaceful protests has clearly gotten out of hand, and in some cases become violent. There have been outside influences involved in the violence of the last few days on both the east and west coast.But the larger point to me is that if the president, President Biden, speaks out, do the students listen to him? I don't know that they would listen because they don't agree with his policies. Biden has continued to send money and arms to Israel in the midst of what is a brutal military campaign in Gaza. And the students are saying they want a cease-fire. They are saying they want the U.S. to stop supplying and helping as an ally to Israel. They want their colleges to withdraw coordinated programs from support over Israeli academic institutions.And I don't know that President Biden's position here would appeal to them. He's about First Amendment rights, Second Amendment rights, and he is about saying antisemitism is wrong and unacceptable, and violence is totally out of the question.BAIER: The problem, Juan, is that he's not really saying it. Matthew, another person that may not be listening to him is the Israeli prime minister.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: No. Bibi Netanyahu is saying that he is convinced he's going to go into Rafah, Hamas's last stronghold, regardless of whether this cease-fire that Biden is desperate to achieve with Hamas actually goes in place.But Bret, I just want to say it's not a tough choice unless you make it one. John Fetterman, it's not a tough choice to support Israel and denounce Hamas and denounce Hamas's sympathizers on America's campuses. Ritchie Torres is a Democrat congressman. It's not a tough choice for him. Biden is making it a tough choice. He's making it a tough choice because, throughout his presidency, he has been afraid to confront a lunatic left.And if you just look at those signs that we were showing at the beginning of the panel, you see this is not some kind of grassroots, bottom up, woke millennials and Gen Z trying to proclaim social justice. This is an organized attempt by the international left to corrupt America's institutions, and they have been succeeding. And so Biden's choice is easy. He should be on the side of the NYPD. He should be on the side of order. He should be on the side of people who are against these protests, and he should be on the side of Jewish students across the country. This is an easy choice, and he could make it now.BAIER: Yes. I only have 10 seconds here, Mollie, but obviously the students aren't the only audience here.HEMINGWAY: Well, but there are other Democrat leaders who could also weigh in and help the situation. President Obama graduated from Columbia. He would be listened to by these people. But the problem, again, is how the party has embraced that ideology itself.BAIER: All right, panel we've got a lot more to talk about. We will bring COVID up another time. Thanks.And finally tonight, a special delivery, new graphic and all. The FOX family grew by one. Correspondent Alexandria Hoff gave birth to a beautiful baby girl earlier today. Margaret (ph) Jeanne (ph) Hoff-Calvert was born just before noon, weighing six pounds, 14 ounces. Congratulations to Alex and her husband Nathan from everyone at SPECIAL REPORT. One viewer at a time. We love it for the demo.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, why would the U.S. take in Palestinian refugees when Arab countries aren't?Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.