LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE. Thank you as always for joining us tonight. An African American small business owner says she was harassed for supporting Trump. She's here to talk about it. Plus, INGRAHAM ANGLE continuing legal education. Well, how to deal with pro-Hamas brats? Classes in session. But first, Joe Biden's very, very, very, very, very, very, very bad week. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Behold the power of Bidenomics.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The April jobs report just out coming in below expectations.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: April, non-farm payrolls expanded much less than expected 175,000. We are looking for a number much closer to 250,000.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The unemployment rate ticked up, that was a fairly weak report.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: What do they call that again? Joementum.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This progress is part of my vision for an economy that grows in the middle out and the bottom up and manufacturing is booming. We're cutting the federal deficit, we cut the federal deficit. I've never been more optimistic about our nation's future.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I'd like to call this O-L-D-S, old liberal in denial syndrome. Now, perhaps his staff can't read. But the U.S. manufacturing sector declined in April, high interest rates will do that. Yes, this has been a terrible, awful rotten week for Biden. He and the bipartisan cabal in D.C. are driving us off a debt cliff and he's still spending.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: My administration is investing additional $9 billion more than ever in the history of America to finally get rid of PFAS chemicals now. To- date, this has dedicated over $9 billion to North Carolina alone. $9 billion. New faster train from Raleigh to Richmond, which by the way, reduces pollution by and takes thousands of vehicles off the road.You may remember that when I was trying to get these bills passed that we talked about including the Veterans bills and the rest. They said we couldn't afford it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, and they were right, we can't afford it. As president, he could have been prudent, he could have been smart. Well, maybe not smart. That's pushing it with Joe. But instead, he just kept defense contractors happy with huge spending in Ukraine. And then he borrowed more to satisfy the hard Left. Now, at this point, even the corporate press is worried. From the Economist, America's reckless borrowing is a danger to its economy and the worlds. Then in Fortune, the $34 trillion U.S. debt is nearly as big as the economy. And there's still no plan to fix it.And this is a kind of fun Friday fact, under Biden, our debt is increasing $1 trillion every 100 days. Get your mind wrapped around that. And as for Biden's bragging on the deficit, well, it's easily debunked. Yes, the deficit may be declining. But shockingly, it's still higher than it was during the Pandemic. Every week, it gets worse and worse. But remember, the President is very optimistic.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We're the United States of America. I mean it from bottom of my heart. And there's nothing, there's nothing beyond our capacity when we work together. So, let's get out and work together and get this done.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Get off my lawn. Oh, by the way, that includes moving expensive equipment lickety split.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Now we need to move fast, and we are. I'm making sure the shipment start right away. In the next few hours, literally a few hours, we're going to begin sending equipment to Ukraine, for air defense munitions, for artillery, for rocket systems and armored vehicles.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Impressive. Wow. Except it's just more bad news. The reality which even the New York Times had to report today is that the weapons pledged for Ukraine could take months to arrive in numbers big enough to actually strengthen Ukraine's defenses. I'll tell you what this is about. They're already setting the narrative to explain Ukraine's losing this war. Just wait.Money down to rat hole, courtesy of an administration staffed by DEI incompetence. But wait, with Trump stuck in trial getting hit with gag order fines, surely that is good news for the Biden camp. Right.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We're winning every swing state, we're winning every national poll, we're winning -- we're not unpopular. I'm unpopular in China. I'm unpopular in some other places where we've taken in hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs and they're not you know in love with me, but you know, I love this country. If you want lower costs, higher incomes and an affordable American dream, then you have no choice but to vote for a gentleman named Donald J. Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right, this is just -- this is got to kill Alvin Can't Brag and Matthew Colangelo and Judge Merchan, because this trial is a bust. True, Trump's off the campaign trail a lot, but perhaps, just perhaps, absence has made voters hearts grow fonder. Plus, most Americans aren't even paying attention to the stupid trial. They know it's all political and are too busy trying to survive in Biden's economy.Now, while the economy in Ukraine and the trial backfire, it's all horrible for Biden. What makes this perhaps the worst week of Biden's presidency are the privileged America hating Hamas loving protesters on college campuses. More Americans see that the Leftist burrowed into our education system have created, have spawned legions of slob protesters living in perpetual grievance, whose sole reading consists of whatever is trending on TikTok.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's hard to speak because of what I've seen last night, it was very, like I've never seen anything like it. It literally was like a glimpse into what's actually happening in Gaza. We were attacked by the Zionists.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Fellow protesters with severe allergies to bananas, have had bananas thrown at them. Psychological torture, loud noises, you can hear across campus.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: This, my friends is horrible cruelty that the pro-Hamas protesters are facing, it's horrible. Bananas. The new weapon of mass destruction(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are the students most at fear not the ones who stood strong for almost a week and enduring literal psychological warfare.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Literal psychological warfare. At some point we have to ask ourselves, is the Trump campaign paying these buffoons to speak?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The University of California is founded on colonialism. It's inherently a violent institution. There needs to be an investment of U.S. imperialism and its ties to the UC system and how it perpetuates war and violence abroad. Not only abroad but also here locally.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I love the masks. Imagine bringing that one home for the holidays. Thanks for having me. But before dinner, we should first acknowledge that your house sits on stolen ground. This is a nightmare for Biden and the biggest diehard Never Trump-ers are conceding as much. Columnist David Brooks sees Trump the sequel, if Democrats don't do more against the protesters and on the issues that matter most to the voters. Look, on top of all this, Biden is just getting creamed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRY ENTEN, CNN SENIOR DATA REPORTER: The economy Trump leads, immigration Trump leads, foreign conflicts Trump leads and even on preserving democracy, which has obviously been a focal point of the Joe Biden campaign. He only leads on this issue -- by this issue by four points. So, abortion being in the news is something that Joe Biden wants, because it's the issue that he runs most ahead of Donald Trump on.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I don't know if that guy will ever work again at CNN after that report. But look, I love how preserving democracy, Trump's ahead four points. People aren't dumb, even if the Democrats think they are, like I could go on and on and on. But after this week, there should be no doubt that everything and I mean, everything brought Biden promised to do is failing us, on the economy, with foreign policy. And as you saw this week in the culture.The snowflake students at Columbia may, may be able to get their exams cancelled. But Biden's final is coming up in November. And right now, he's headed for a big fat F. And that's the Angle.Joining us now, and I'm delighted Stephen Miller, former Senior Advisor to President Trump, Founder of America First Legal, had a big win today. And Sean Duffy, co-host of The Bottom Line on Fox Business and Fox News Contributor. All right, Stephen, given all the terrible news and it could have gone on and on. It could have been the whole hour for the show today - - tonight. What's the Biden campaign pinning their hopes on to break through the Trump juggernaut?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, one word, Laura, lawfare. The Biden agenda is to try to have, find any Democrat judge, any Democrat prosecutor, anywhere in the country to try to get Donald Trump behind bars before the election. It's been clear now for months, that's the strategy. As you see Donald Trump pulling away in the polls.I mean you have battlegrounds, Laura. We have a 10-point edge for Donald Trump. That's unheard of, to have an incumbent President Joe Biden trailing by 10 in crucial battleground states. They are pinning all of their hopes on lawfare.But here's the problem, Laura, its repulsing voters, its turning them away. Since these trials have started, voters are turning away from Joe Biden. They're sick of the welfare, they're sick of the warfare, and they are sick of the lawfare. They want an economy that works. They want a border that secure, and they want a world that's peaceful and stable and all of those things they know, come back only if Donald Trump comes back.INGRAHAM: Good thing about Stephen on a Friday night, he's ready to go. All right. I love the passion. Miller always brings to the table. He's kind of -- he's kind of a very even keeled guy. But when he starts talking about this, he goes and he's very tanned. And Sean, look, the thing that Biden did today that Fox did a big piece on was he's seeing now he's going to give Obamacare to the illegals.Well, they get care anyway, but kind of making it official. How's that going to work in -- how is that going to work for suburban voters? Is that going to be the thing that really pulls more of a man says, yes, it says it predicts that the rule which will go into effect soon. It's just going to result in about 100,000, I guess 100,000 uninsured illegals accessing health care, they'll finally get health care.SEAN DUFFY, FBN'S THE BOTTOM LINE CO-HOST: Well, it is great to be on with Stephen Miller with that energy and passion on a Friday night. That is awesome. So that's wonderful. But Laura, it just shows how out of touch Joe Biden is, the American people are suffering and struggling, trying to pay the rent or the mortgage or put gas in their car. Joe Biden is talking about giving giveaways Obamacare to illegal immigrants. And just to take a step back, you're talking about the economy.Americans understand, it didn't have to be this way. They understand that if you -- if you have big government, you tax, you spend, you borrow more rules, more regulation. People have tried this in the past, for decades, for generations, and it never works. It always destroys economies. Joe Biden is not going to have any different results in America with those same policies. And they also on the college campuses, they understand that if you just actually snuff it out, you call law enforcement in, you arrest these little thuggy snowflakes and send them to jail. No more protests will take place on college campuses.It'll end but Joe Biden dithers, does nothing. And these things explode on him, and the American people scratch their head and go, I want a real leader. I want a Donald Trump back in the White House that can lead us back to prosperity and law and order.INGRAHAM: But the bananas, they're enduring bananas being thrown at them. I think that was my favorite clip --DUFFY: And peanuts and peanuts.INGRAHAM: -- of all time. And peanuts and banana. He has -- I never heard of a banana allergy, we have to do something about our allergy. All right, speaking of those protests, the Biden administration guys finally investigating a university, but maybe not why you think. OK, U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights has opened an investigation into Emory University over allegations of anti-Muslim and anti-Palestinian activity at the college.Stephen, they're blocking access to the regular kids who just want to go to class, and now the investigation is being opened to protect the protesters.MILLER: This is another example of weaponize government under Joe Biden, the U.S. Civil Rights Office led by Kristen Clarke is one of the most corrupt offices in this government. It goes after Biden's political enemies. It goes after corporations and entities that are seen as a threat to Joe Biden's agenda. It does not enforce civil rights. It does not crack down on university campuses that are engaged in a systemic violation of civil rights by blocking access of both American citizens and Jewish students to those campuses.There is long-standing federal civil rights law, going back over a century, that protects the rights of those students and that stops those conspiracies. DOJ only wants to do one thing, help Joe Biden's political allies, hurt Joe Biden's political enemies, that is real threat to democracy.INGRAHAM: We're going to clean it out. Sean, quickly on this because we understand that there's another banana being thrown at someone at UCLA. We've got to get to that. So, go ahead.DUFFY: It's about ripping the country apart, right? If you have two standards where you tolerate pro-Hamas, anti-American protesters, but you have zero tolerance for pro-lifers or pro-American individuals, and rip the fabric apart, which is exactly what they're trying to do. They're trying to destroy the country by two systems of law enforcement to Stephen's point. Bananas.INGRAHAM: Stephen and Sean, great to see both of you. Thanks so much. Thank you so much. The cruelty. Coming up, an African American business owner is being shamed for daring to support Donald Trump. She's here next week for her take on the haters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHANA GRAY, GRAY JETT CAFE OWNER: Let's put Trump 2024 in office. Let's make America great again.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)S.F. CUPP, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: Michael Cohen, I think he's a goon.ANA NAVARRO, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: This guy is a thug with a law degree and a billionaire boss.STACY PHILLIPS, DIVORCE ATTORNEY: He shouldn't be a lawyer. That's not the way you communicate. You don't go to law school to act like a thug.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, Michael Cohen back then was a goon and a thug. He was now new darling of the Left.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Michael Cohen is the prosecution's star witness,UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Michael Cohen, who is going to lead as the star witness for the prosecution.ARI MELBER, MSNBC HOST: Star witnesses that we are told are so important. Big names that even if you don't follow politics, most people now have heard of like Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I'll stick with goon, maybe goofball. Before Michael Cohen even takes the stand as Bragg so-called star witness, which makes me scream with laughter. The jury has already been hearing from him and these recordings played by the prosecution. But how trustworthy is an admitted liar? Well, this morning the defense questioned a forensic analyst in the D.A.'s office about whether or not one of the Cohen recordings played in court was doctored. It's suddenly cut off after Trump was heard on it. What a coincidence.The prosecution says that happened because Cohen was getting another call at the time. But that same forensic analyst said that there was no record of any incoming call on the phone's metadata. Now, this may seem like it's really in the weeds on a Friday night, but it gives you an idea of what this star witness is going to bring to this table.Joining us now, Mike Davis, Founder and President of the Article III Project and a former Gorsuch clerk. Mike, it is fun to look back on what they were all saying about Cohen back in 2015, when he was trailing around President Trump, candidate Trump at the time, but is this case turning out as they had hoped, because Michael Cohen is now the font of credibility, believability and just, I guess, wonderment?MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: Yes, so Michael Cohen is a convicted perjurer. He is a disbarred attorney. He's on TikTok, cashing in on this trial. And then you have Stormy Daniels' attorney coming out today saying that Michael Cohen is extremely bitter that President Trump didn't make Michael Cohen, the White House Counsel back in 2017.And then he also -- that we also heard from Stormy Daniels' lawyer that Michael Cohen was solely responsible for settling this nuisance claim with Stormy Daniels and her attorney which is the subject of this bogus criminal prosecution, that we're heading into week four on.INGRAHAM: Now, let me just think, Pat Cipollone, White House Counsel, my godfather, and Michael Cohen. Yes, right. All right. Cohen even invited a Trump impersonator on his stupid TikTok live. And remember, Trump can't really respond, right? Because there's a gag order but watch this goofball.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're going to have to call David Pecker.MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER TRUMP'S LAWYER: Yes, well, let's definitely do that. I haven't spoken to David in a long time. Yes. Judge Merchan just ruled that the trial will start on April 15th.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, my God. Mike?DAVIS: I mean, what's so outrageous about this is that he could go on and trash Trump. But under Judge Juan Merchan's obviously unconstitutional gag order, Trump can't respond to this goofball.INGRAHAM: I have a question for you. How long will this conceivably go on? Not that TikTok begging for money by Cohen. But this trial, given the pace of things so far, how long do you think it'll go?DAVIS: I think it's -- I think this could get wrapped up in the next -- within the next two weeks. I think that they're railroading. President Trump and New York, you have this Soros-funded Manhattan D.A. bringing in Matthew Colangelo from the Biden Justice Department, the number three office to bring this bogus case. You have this biased Manhattan Democrat judge who donated to Biden, who was --INGRAHAM: But he only need one juror, one juror and it shouldn't have never been brought. It's a scam. And it's a complete sham case. One juror, I mean, how anyone could find just being fair and applying the law as it is. I don't see how any of these jurors could any -- any of them good conscience say anything but not guilty to this. Mike, Its always great to be with you, especially on a Friday night. Thanks so much.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Shana says her business is being brutalized by the soaring cost of food. She's never seen anything like it. And right now, she says things just aren't working.GRAY: It is very important that we change what is going on now. And none of us can continue to go with the Biden administration. We need Trump in 2024. So, make sure you vote for Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: For getting up there and supporting President Trump expressing herself, the owner of Gray Jett Cafe, said that she's been getting a lot of hate, including from someone who stormed into her cafe. Shana Gray joins me now. Shana, good to see you. Tell us what happened at the cafe.GRAY: First of all, thank you for having me. It has been a very eventful week or couple of weeks, so to speak. Ever since my Fox Interview about a week, two weeks ago, I'm not really sure. I'm not accurate on the date. But I just pretty much put a plea out there to the administration of which I voted for, to let them know that I am a struggling business owner. And I'm just looking for change. To pretty much help me and people of my community, understand my cafe was created to be a space, a community space to provide not one, not just good vegan food, but a space for people to come in -- a very safe space for people to come and have conversations that of things and topics that are affecting them.And one of the number one topics that was affecting them was inflation and how a lot of them are feeling anxious and don't know about tomorrow and making decisions at the gas pump and in the grocery store of how they're going to care for their families. And I resonated with that as well.So, I just -- I was given an opportunity to have a platform to speak up for not only myself, but others that in my community, which is an array of people, whether black, brown, Latino, Asian, all of us, white American, that are suffering. And we have these conversations, and we speak about how we need change. So, I took that opportunity.INGRAHAM: Shana, President Biden spoke to the Wisconsin Black Chamber of Commerce back in December, this is what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Every new business opening is a vote for hope. We're making American economy stronger and our nation more competitive. I'm here to celebrate the progress we're making to support black small businesses here and around the country. Black small business grow everything benefits, the community benefits, everyone benefits, not a joke.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Shana, how has it been, though, for black small business owners, frankly, all small business owners, especially in the restaurant business under Biden?GRAY: Well, Biden, he was doing -- he said some great things. Those are very accurate things. But I have to say that as a person that is being very much so affected by the changes currently in the economy, such as things like inflation. It's kind of hard to see that dream that he spoke of. It's, you know, very difficult --INGRAHAM: Shana, this -- at some point, it's just common sense. What he's doing isn't working. It's making matters worse. You're very courageous for standing up. Thank you very much for joining us. Always great to see you. All right. Coming up, a wealthy neighborhood is breaking away from a crime- ridden Democrats city, one of the leaders of the movement is here to explain why, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Radical anti-Israel mobs continue to occupy college campuses across the nation as we head into the weekend. Let's go live now to Alexis McAdams at NYU. Alexis, what's happening there?ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Laura. Well, most of the protesters have moved over here to Washington Square Park. We're going to show you that scene here a little bit. It's now just some peaceful protesting here, but overnight it was pretty chaotic where we were at the new school, a liberal arts school. But you can see that group here now gathering.Universities, Laura, are asking law enforcement to move in to break up campus protests and encampments. So far, more than 2,000 arrests, and counting, across the country, and dozens taken into custody just this morning in New York, including over at the new school not too far from where I am right now.The student newspaper there, reporting, listen to this, faculty members have voted in a favor of a resolution to urge the university to divest from companies that support Israel, pushing for them to make that decision fast. But the schools are the one, who are calling the police for help, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Both schools were cleared, 56 arrests in all, no incidents, no one got hurt. The school's happy. We secured their school back to them, or parts of their school back to them. The kids are getting arrested.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: And the NYPD remains on high alert tonight. Laura.INGRAHAM: Have you ever been to St. George, Louisiana? Well, I bet the answer is no, because it's about to become a brand-new city. Just days ago, after nearly a decade-long battle, the state Supreme Court ruled 4 to 3 in favor of nearly 86,000 Baton Rouge residents who said they're sick of dealing with bad schools, high crime and high taxes.Well, the rest of Baton Rouge isn't happy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I am disappointed in the Louisiana Supreme Court's ruling. When potential tax increases or threats to basic services that affect our citizens' quality of life are at stake, it's crucial that we proceed with careful consideration.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, actions have consequences. Joining me now, Andrew Murrell, who is -- one of the leaders of the St. George movement, and he's also an attorney.Andrew, now this isn't the end of this fight, I know, because the leader of the Metro Council in Baton Rouge, Lamont Cole, he's now asking for a new hearing on this matter. What is he not getting here? What's next?ANDREW MURRELL, ST. GEORGE MOVEMENT ORGANIZER: Well, he's applying for a rehearing, but unfortunately for Lamont, the Supreme Court was pretty definitive in its ruling in favor of incorporation.INGRAHAM: So, explain what really drove you all to the brink. I know Baton Rouge pretty well. No comment on LSU, OK. But I know Baton Rouge pretty well. I love the place, especially football time.But explain what really drove you to this extreme measure of essentially seceding from the city.MURRELL: Well, I won't say seceding from the simple standpoint of our portion of East Baton Rouge Parish has never actually been a city. We've been unincorporated forever.In fact, Baton Rouge had opportunities to annex St. George, our area, and never did. So, eventually, we got tired of high crime, poor education. We have a school system that's ranked near dead last in a state that's ranked near dead last in education.We have one of the highest homicide rates in America. And people are leaving our parish in droves to move to other outlying parishes that are thriving. So why wouldn't we want to do something different?INGRAHAM: Well, it's called trying to save your people. It sounds like to me. And so, there's precedent in your state for incorporation of a new city, but the media doesn't like it.The Atlantic wrote something back in 2019 about St. George. In 2005, a nearby community, Central, was unable to gather support for a school district from the legislature, so it incorporated as a new city, a pattern that's emerged over the past two decades. White, wealthy communities have been separating from their city's school districts to form their own.Andrew, sounds like they're charging racism here.MURRELL: Well, a couple of things. One, the census says otherwise. Our area of East Baton Rouge Parish has the fastest growing minority population in the parish.So, to me, it's a narrative that's thrown out there because it's easy. People that don't want to do their homework can buy into it. And it's incredibly divisive when the reality is they don't want to have accountability for high crime, for poor education and for where our tax dollars have been spent. And that's what they don't want to answer questions for.So, they throw out these cheap narratives to try to buy off the public.INGRAHAM: Andrew, I think people are watching this across the country, realizing this is not necessarily an isolated moment here. Other people are going to vote to try to save themselves.And just -- it's just common sense. This isn't politics. It's about commonsense policies. Andrew, thank you.MURRELL: Thank you so much for having me.INGRAHAM: Up next, how to deal with the pro-Hamas brats, INGRAHAM ANGLE style. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: One thing became really clear this week. Colleges do not know how to handle the radical activists that they created. But we do, because we've dealt with whiny children before.All right. Welcome to our first INGRAHAM ANGLE class. How to deal with pro- Hamas, brats and thugs. Joining me now, the man on a mission, Will Cain, co-host of Fox and Friends Weekends. I love the job he does there, and father of two.All right. Will, I'm the mother of three teenagers. Get ready. And all these colleges need to do is what? Follow basic parenting advice, like set rules, demand respect. But watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It looks like they haven't had a lot of repercussions for bad behavior as children. What do you think, Will?WILL CAIN, FOX & FRIENDS WEEKEND CO-HOST: And in my expert parenting advice to having raised two perfect children, I think you're spot on, Laura. It's pretty easy, like you said, set clear rules, demand respect. But whether or not it was college administrators or for that, their parents, those two rules have completely escaped the attention of these kids. They're activists, but they were taught to be activists.INGRAHAM: Well, is it because the administrators, many of them, maybe not all, but many, actually have a lot of sympathy with their views. I mean, they agree with a lot of what the students are saying, even if they can't, as administrators, come up and say those types of things.But I want to get to another issue, Will, that we're looking at, which is the coddling of the protesters when they're in action. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Just as everyone has the right to express their views, they must also respect rights of others to do the same. We continue to urge the protesters to remove the encampment and voluntarily disperse.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. Will, he might have well said pretty pleased with a cherry on top, and would you like fries with that? What's your advice here?CAIN: Well, my advice here is be strong. Don't be weak. It's pretty simple. And by the way, children and pets appreciate discipline. They appreciate a head of the household, an alpha.And you're in part right, that what these students are doing is they're reflecting the actual things they were taught by administrators. And so, college is reaping what they're sowed.But the other part that I would add to that is that these administrators are terrified. They're weak. They're really scared of these kids. And it's the intersectional hierarchical dynamics that thrown everyone off.Like, how can I tell these kids not to be the actors I told them to be? How can I tell these kids that they're not the aggrieved, depressed, that I've taught them to view the entire world through that lens of a critical theory, oppressor and oppressed?So, they're not just ideologically indoctrinated. They are looking at parents, or in this case, administrators, who are incredibly weak.INGRAHAM: I think, Will, my favorite video of many favorite videos, and what was a disturbing week. Now, this kind of reminds me of, if your friends jumped off a bridge, would you would you follow them? Check this out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Yeah.(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Will, what's your advice for -- the police knew what they were doing, but I don't know. These kids play too many, you know, Dungeon and Dragon, you know, hours and hours or something. I mean, none of them look particularly athletic. Let's just put it that way.CAIN: Well, they're well suited up for battle that lasted all of about 10 seconds of reality. You might be right, by the way, this is living life through a video game lens, or a wannabe 1960's radical activist.But when your friends are doing it and everybody's -- you know, Laura, we worry about -- I have two boys. I worry about them growing up to follow some frat boy through some, like you said, jumping off a cliff. Midnight dare.I don't worry about this. But it's the same thing just made through the lens of a liberal activist. Maybe we shouldn't suit up and charge and charge into the breach. Maybe we're not suited for this.INGRAHAM: Will, it's always great to see you. Thank you for helping us with the new rules of behavior for the protesters.CAIN: Parenting. Two perfect parents, Laura Ingraham and Will Cain.INGRAHAM: Thanks so much, Will. Coming up, yes, I grant Raymond three wishes because it's Friday Follies and that's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It is Friday, thank goodness. And it's time for Friday Follies. And for that, we turn to Raymond Arroyo, Fox News contributor. Raymond, great to see you as always.OK, President Biden continued what is a very solemn tradition today, awarding the Medal of Freedom.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, awarding it to his cronies and fellow travelers, Laura, with Al Gore, Nancy Pelosi, Jim Clyburn and John Kerry all getting awards. You could call this the octogenarian participation honors. But Biden had his troubles.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: My staff hates me doing ad-libbing. On and off the screen.Michael Yeoh -- Michelle Yeoh, excuse me. I'm going to get carried away here. Protect LGBTQ. First met Caitlyn Dedecky in 2012. She continues to compete this summer, the Paralympics at age 27.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: The Paralympics. No, she's competing in the Olympics. But, you know, Laura, you know what this has? A valedictorian feel. It feels as if this is the end of something, so he's trying to get all his pals to get this medal.Remember, Barack Obama gave Biden the Medal of Freedom as he went out of office before Trump took the Oval.INGRAHAM: Yeah, this is kind of the consolation prize for the old days at this point. All right.ARROYO: Right, exactly.INGRAHAM: Raymond -- OK, wait a second. I see you brought that ridiculous lamp. So, I guess, I guess I'm granting you three wishes.ARROYO: It's not ridiculous. It's my genie lamp. Now, look, my first wish is the Hamas protesters would stop trying to recreate Gaza on our campuses and just go to Gaza.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Doesn't that look like fun, Laura? I mean, if this is the picture of peace and justice, I guess give me anarchy. But that's anarchy. It's a disaster.INGRAHAM: What was the circular dance? That seemed like -- that didn't seem out of Gaza. I don't know what that was. These people are just complete nincompoops. I mean, I'm sorry.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Speaking of anarchy, Raymond. I love the student editors of the Columbia Law Review, OK. I worked for the Virginia Law Review in the day. But Columbia Law Review, they're demanding that the university cancel exams and give them passing grades, because they are shaken, not stirred, and unable to focus and highly emotional. They're highly emotional due to the violence they witnessed on campus.ARROYO: Yeah, Laura, I read the last line, I read the whole thing, but the last line of their statement is a doozy.It reads, I quote, "our response is not disproportionate to the outsized impact it has had on many of us in the community. A crowd of people that proudly represent their membership in a white supremacist, neo-fascist hate group were storming our campus just days ago."These are lawyers, Laura, or potential lawyers. They can't even write a statement.INGRAHAM: OK. I don't even know -- I don't know what they're talking about there. But I want to have a newsflash for all the snowflakes at Columbia, OK, as somebody who practiced law at a pretty tough firm. Wait until they have a partner breathing down their, you know, their necks about where's the memo you're supposed to write? You're supposed to, you know, bill three thousand hours last year. You only billed two thousand, snowflake. They'll be out on their tukuses.So, they have no idea what real pressure is. Oh, my gosh. Heaven-forbid they have to, like, work under pressure. And that's like they want to charge, what, six, seven hundred dollars an hour for an associate at time. Give me a break.ARROYO: May I recommend a community college writing course to them before they go into the professional world, given that statement.INGRAHAM: No one can write. Yeah.ARROYO: My second wish is that actors would stop commenting on things they cannot fathom, like actor Brian Cox.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Adam and Eve. Eve is -- I mean, the propaganda goes right the way back. The Bible is one of the worst books ever for me, from my point of view. And they'll believe it because they're stupid enough.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: It's only the root of all fear and the model of every great story ever told, Laura. I mean, Brian Cox should know that.I mean, after that literary review, can you imagine what the almighty would say about him? Brian Cox is the worst actor ever. I have reserved an alternative extended residency for him. Bring an air conditioner, signed God. That's what I imagine.INGRAHAM: Oh, no. Yeah, no. I mean, and what is he wearing? A nice comfy turtleneck. What is that? I'm not sure what that --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Yeah. All right, Raymond, last wish. Final wish. Final, final.ARROYO: Final wish is that celebrities would stop auditioning to be pundits or campaign surrogates. This is Robert De Niro talking about his new favorite topic, Donald Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: He's sick. He is really, genuinely a sick person. Nazi Germany, they had it with Hitler. They don't take him seriously. Looks like a clown. Acts like a clown.UNKNOWN: I called him, Mr. President. He said, you can call me Joe. And I said, can I call you Joe B. Wan Kenobi? He liked that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The force is not with him.ARROYO: That's Mark Hamil, Laura, who's at the White House today. Yeah. The farce is with him.(CROSSTALK)ARROYO: That's the campaign in action, Laura. Celebrity drop-by and other people talking for the campaign. You saw what the president does when he comes out. This is going to be a brutal few-months until November.INGRAHAM: I can't believe you didn't hit Mick Jagger at the New Orleans Jazz Fest, trashing your governor there in Louisiana. All right, Raymond, great to see you. Thanks so much.That's it for us tonight. Make sure you follow me on social media. Remember, it is America now and forever. And Pete Hegseth is in for Jesse Watters and he takes it all from here. That's next.