SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: I found out this week, someone else had told me that they watch "THE FIVE," retired Justice Stephen Breyer.I interviewed him this week, and THE FIVE came up and he said that he watches it in his exercise routine.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: There you go.BREAM: So, Judge, Justice, hello. Those are the rest of my folks that will see you on "FOX NEWS SUNDAY". More of my interview with the justice. Have a great night.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Mike Emanuel, in for Bret Baier.Escalating confrontations with police by anti-Israel protesters are now threatening college graduation activities in some locations.Former President Trump, again, insists the criminal proceedings against him in New York are all about politics. And the shocking story of how a school principal was framed by artificial intelligence.President Biden says he will be happy to debate former President Trump. The president made the comment on a day he spent time in New York, but stayed away from any of the anti -Israel protests.Correspondent Mark Meredith is at the White House tonight. Good evening, Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Mike, good evening to you. President Biden still faces a lot of questions about his age, his mental abilities. Whether or not he's up for the job for another four years. But tonight, as you mentioned, he is making news by saying he is ready to hit the debate stage.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (voice over): This fall, voters can expect a sequel. President Biden says he will get on the debate stage to face former President Trump before the election.Biden making the news, while speaking with shock jock Howard Stern.HOWARD STERN, DISC JOCKEY, TALK SHOW HOST, AUTHOR, AND TELEVISION PERSONALITY: I don't know if you're going to debate your, your opponent."JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I am, somewhere, I don't know when. I'm happy to debate him.MEREDITH (voice over): Until now, Biden and his campaign had stopped short of agreeing to any kind of debate with Trump. Last month, Biden, himself, claimed there would have to be conditions.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Will you commit to a debate with former President Trump?BIDEN: It depends on his behavior.MEREDITH (voice over): Trump says he's ready to debate tonight.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm ready, here we are. I invited him to the courthouse that he has us tied up in.I don't think he'll debate. Maybe he will. Maybe he will. I'm not sure he has a choice.MEREDITH (voice over): Biden's debate decision comes amid new polling showing the president's reelection is far from certain.Gallup writing, "With about six months remaining before election day, Biden stands in a weaker position than any prior incumbent."AMERICAN CROWD: No peace on sovereign land.MEREDITH (voice over): Recent pro-Palestinian protests on college campuses are also raising questions about potential divides among Democrats this fall. While in New York, the past two days, Biden avoided high-profile protests at Columbia University, instead, spending time with celebrities at a campaign fundraiser.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): President Biden is likely to have a lot to say about his predecessor and the state of politics when he addresses the Annual Correspondents Dinner tomorrow night.But it's possible, Mike, a pro-Palestinian protest may also steal some of the spotlight. They are scheduled to demonstrate pretty close to the Hilton, where both the press and the president will be. Mike.EMANUEL: Mark Meredith, live on the North Lawn. Mark, thanks very much.Police and anti-Israel protesters are clashing on college campuses in several cities. The demonstrations are causing some administrators to reconsider their traditional spring activities.Correspondent Steve Harrigan is on the Columbia campus tonight. Good evening, Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Mike, Columbia wants to clear these tents before graduation.But there is no sign that's going to happen.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)AMERICAN CROWD: Free, free, free Palestine!HARRIGAN (voice over): University officials across the country are racing to figure out graduation plan, as fast-moving protests at some of the nation's top schools show no signs of stopping.KHYMANI JAMES, PROTESTER: We remain diligent and steadfast in our convictions. It will not be intimidated by the university's disturbing threat to our lives.HARRIGAN: In New York, Columbia University says there's no new deadline for protesters to leave, after the latest one expired at midnight, the tense remain up. As the school says, talks about protests or demands for divesting and amnesty for those disciplined are progressing and claim they will not call in the New York Police Department.In Washington, D.C. --AMERICAN CROWD: To the river to the sea.HARRIGAN: Jewish students at George Washington University expressed fear during a second day of protests.DAVID DELAROSA, STUDENT, GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY: This is a very scary time to be living, as a Jewish university student on any campus anywhere. We're afraid for our safety.HARRIGAN (voice over): Fox's Griff Jenkins is on campus.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Student protesters continue to occupy the university yard here at G.W. behind me, defying an order to vacate last night.So far, we've not seen the violent encounters like another protest. But Jewish students like the one you just heard from, still they feel threatened by the rhetoric and signs like this one that reads final solution next to an Israeli flag.The university has warned students who remain in the yard, they may be temporarily suspended.HARRIGAN (voice over): In Georgia.Classes went virtual at Emory University after chaotic and violent scenes yesterday.Fox's Jonathan Serrie is in Atlanta.JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: The decision to move classes online came out of an abundance of caution after yesterday's heated protests, in which 28 people were arrested.Protesters did return to the campus quad this afternoon, but so far, the demonstrations have been peaceful.HARRIGAN (voice over): With hundreds of arrests nationwide, classes coming to a halt, and students and teachers feeling threatened. Former Facebook COO, Sheryl Sandberg says, it's time for honest conversations.SHERYL SANDBERG, FORMER META CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER: University is a time where you can talk about any issue open dialogue. But when you see students yelling at the Columbia campus to a Jewish student go back to Poland, when you see someone saying October 7th, is going to happen to you. That's not OK.(END VIDEOTAPE)HARRIGAN (on camera): The University of Florida has a clear message for its students try and set up a tent on campus and face a three-year suspension. Mike?EMANUEL: Steve Harrigan, live in New York City. Steve, thanks a lot.We have just concluded the first full week of testimony in the historic criminal trial of former President Trump.The presumptive Republican presidential nominee insists the proceedings are all about politics.Correspondent Nate Foy is in New York.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): This state's newest witness, Gary Farro testified today, former President Donald Trump's old lawyer, Michael Cohen tried opening a bank account under the name, Resolution Consultants, LLC.That's the same account that former American media CEO and president, David Pecker testified Cohen nearly used to reimburse him. For purchasing the lifetime rights to former Playboy model, Karen McDougal story about an alleged affair with Trump, who said again tonight, this trial was politically motivated.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We sit here today, every day, every day, which is their plan that's I think that it might be able to eke out an election.FOY: Today, pecker wrapped up his testimony, telling the court, "I have been truthful to the best of my recollection."Former President Trump's lawyers exposed inconsistencies with Pecker's testimony about whether or not Trump thanked him for suppressing stories.Pecker says he now believes he violated federal election law while suppressing McDougal story.Trump's longtime executive Rhona Graff, also took the stand today, describing the former president as a fair and respectful boss for 34 years.Graff maintained Trump's contacts, including those of McDougal and adult film actress, Stormy Daniels.Graff testified she vaguely remembers seeing Daniels at Trump Tower before the 2016 election.(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): Court is not in session on Monday. So, the trial will resume on Tuesday of next week. But before that, former President Donald Trump will be headed back to Florida to celebrate former First Lady Melania Trump's birthday. Mike?EMANUEL: Nate Foy, live in New York City. Nate, thanks very much.Stocks were up. The Dow gained 154. The S&P 500 finished ahead 52. NASDAQ surged 316.For the week, the Dow is up two-thirds of a percentage point. The S&P 500 gained 2-2/3. NASDAQ jumped 4-1/4.House Republicans are going after President Biden over his refusal to extend tax cuts championed by former President Trump. GOP lawmakers are forming teams to address the impact of losing those breaks.Here is Fox Business correspondent, Grady Tremble.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT (voice over): At stake, in the November election, your tax dollars with some provisions in the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, set to expire at the end of next year. House Republicans say they should stay in place.REP. MIKE KELLY (R-PA): It's critical because what we're telling people is you get to keep more of your own money to invest in where you think it's best for you and your family, you're -- in your country.TRIMBLE: Tax subcommittee chair, Mike Kelly and Ways and Means Committee chair Jason Smith, are creating 10 tax teams to take a look at the impact of the cuts ending with groups of lawmakers focusing on manufacturing main street and rural America, supply chains and more.An analysis from the Tax Foundation finds, if the cuts expire, some middle- class families would have to pay between 1600 and around $7,500 more in taxes each year. A worrying thought when high prices are already stretching budgets thin.President Biden says if he is reelected, he'll kill the Trump-era tax cuts.BIDEN: It's going to stay expired and dead forever if I'm going to re- elected.TRIMBLE (voice over): Seemingly, contradicting his campaign promise not to raise taxes on those making under $400,000 a year. But the administration is clarifying the president does not want to raise taxes on middle class Americans.WALLY ADEYEMO, DEPUTY TREASURY SECRETARY: The president will not raise taxes on people who make under $14,000. He's going to make sure that we increase taxes modestly on the wealthy and also on corporations.(END VIDEOTAPE)TRIMBLE (on camera): The 2017 tax cuts permanently lower the corporate tax rate to 21 percent. President Biden wants to bump it up to 28 percent, along with a slew of other tax hikes that he says will get the wealthiest Americans and big companies to pay their fair share.Republicans argue they'll have negative consequences for every day. Americans too, Mike.EMANUEL: Grady Trimble, thanks so much.Up next, we will check in with the Fox Weather Center about some severe weather going on right now. First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.Fox 11 in Los Angeles as transit officials declare a public safety emergency, following the death of a woman on a commuter train. And a series of violent attacks on bus drivers.The motion calls for officials to secure state gate entrances and exits and analyze data on violent crimes.Fox 13 in Seattle with three children overdosing on fentanyl in the span of four days in suburban Everett. One of the babies died. The incidents do not appear to be related. It is unclear if any of the parents will face criminal charges.And this is a live look at Orlando from Fox 35. One of the big stories there tonight. Astronauts for Boeing's highly anticipated and much delayed Starliner. Starliner spacecraft launch arrived in Florida.Suni Williams and Butch Wilmore are former Navy pilots. They will take a week-long crewed certification test flight to the International Space Station; lift-off is scheduled for May 6th.That's night's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)EMANUEL: There is some severe weather in parts of the nation tonight. Chief Meteorologist Rick Reichmuth joins us with details. Hello, Rick.RICK REICHMUTH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF METEOROLOGIST: Hi, Mike. Yes, we're on day two out of the kind of its four day severe weather outbreak and a long ways to go.Over the last 24 hours, we've had tornadoes all the way down from Texas, but it's really been over the last few hours that we've seen really dangerous conditions across parts of Nebraska.I want to show you some video out of this tornado that we've seen on the ground. This was a tornado, this was just as it was forming. This tornado stayed on the ground for over an hour and a half, and eventually became a massive wedge tornado around 40 to 50 miles to the west of Omaha, cutting just towards those Northwestern towns of the Omaha area.Behind that, there have been more tornado warn storms and we are right now currently have some really significant weather cutting right across the Missouri River from Nebraska in towards areas of Iowa.So, that's going to be our focus for the next couple of hours. You see these tornado warning storms in Iowa right now getting down towards Kansas. We'll see this across parts of Oklahoma, and then towards Texas.Tornado watches all up and down. Tornado alley here for the next number of hours. This is what Nebraska looked like. We've had tornadoes that have been confirmed around the Columbus area over towards Schuyler, then we've had them down towards the Lincoln area. This is at one that became that massive wedge tornado. That's now stretching across parts of Iowa.You see these tornado warning storms here. If you're anywhere along that Missouri River area right now, be very careful, especially headed in towards Iowa.This is tonight the tornado threat, we're going to continue to see this. And I will tell you, Mike, this is going to be with us all the way through Sunday. This was today, we see the atmosphere reload and we get all of this going tomorrow. Tomorrow I think even a bigger threat for tornadoes than what we're seeing today.That means if you here -- are here across the plains, you got to watch out tonight and throughout much of this weekend for this severe weather that is coming your way, Mike.EMANUEL: Rick Reichmuth, thanks very much.REICHMUTH: You bet.EMANUEL: Fox has confirmed the Biden administration is changing its plans to ban menthol cigarettes, the Biden administration began pursuing a prohibition on menthol cigarettes in 2021. It claims the effort could reduce youth initiation, increased the success rate for smokers trying to quit and address health disparities among people of color.The administration was first expected to finalize the ban in August of last year. Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra says the proposed rule has prompted immense feedback and that there are still more conversations to have.We have a shocking example tonight of the threat posed by the misuse of artificial intelligence. It involves a high school principal seemingly heard on tape making racially charged comments except he didn't do it. Correspondent Alexandria Hoff picks up the story tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ROBERT MCCULLOUGH, BALTIMORE COUNTY, MARYLAND POLICE CHIEF: We have now conclusive evidence that the recording was not authentic.ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Vindication for a Baltimore County High School principal, who back in January was placed on temporary leave after an alleged audio recording went viral on social media.JOHNNY OLSZEWSKI, BALTIMORE COUNTY, MARYLAND EXECUTIVE: Those words go against everything we stand for.HOFF (voice over): The voice and the audio was made to sound like Pikes Town High School Principal Eric Eiswert with disparaging comments about black student test scores and Jewish families. Plus, staff and community members, like, I seriously don't understand why I have to constantly put up with these dumb expletive here every day.But the voice saying these terrible things was not principal Eiswert. Investigators found with help from the FBI and a separate forensic analyst that the recording had been A.I. generated, manufactured and spread intentionally as part of a revenge plot.MCCULLOUGH: Detectives allege Mr. Darien, who was the athletic director at the high school made the recording to retaliate against the principal who had launched an investigation into the potential mishandling of school funds.HOFF (voice over): Dazhon Darien was taken into custody yesterday while attempting to board a flight to Houston. He has been charged with felony theft, disturbing school operations, retaliation against a witness and stalking.The case marks the first time the Baltimore County State's attorney's office will prosecute an artificial intelligence related crime.OLSZEWSKI: We are relieved to have some closure on the origins of this audio.However, it is clear that we are also entering a new deeply concerning frontier.(END VIDEOTAPE)HOFF (on camera): Eiswert is still employed by the school but will not immediately return to his position as principal. The district says this is to keep things consistent for students. The hope is to have him reinstated for next school year, Mike.EMANUEL: Alexandria Hoff, thanks very much.Up next, the latest on Secretary of State Antony Blinken's trip to China.And later, our series on toxic sites in St. Louis looks at the effort to clean up nuclear waste.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)EMANUEL: Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin says the U.S. will provide Ukraine with additional Patriot missiles for its air defense systems. They will be part of a massive $6 billion aid package.But there are still questions about an end game. Fox News Chief National Security Correspondent Jennifer Griffin talked with Austin during today's briefing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: What would you say to Republicans who voted against aid to Ukraine who say that you don't have a strategy? What is your strategy?GEN. LLOYD AUSTIN, DEFENSE SECRETARY: Our goal is to see a democratic, independent and sovereign Ukraine that has a capability to defend itself and deter aggression going forward.And so, you see us working towards that end with not only the capability that we're providing Ukraine in the current battle, but the kinds of things that will build -- building -- helping Ukraine build for the future.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Secretary of State Antony Blinken met with top Chinese officials today as he ends his visit to the world's most populous country. The session comes amid tense relations between the nations. Here is Senior National Correspondent Rich Edson.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): A meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping kept three days in China for Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Top Chinese officials warned of a downward spiral in the relationship between the world's two largest economies. Blinken brought his own warnings about China's relationship with another country.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: Russia would struggle to sustain its assault on Ukraine without China's support. If China does not address this problem, we will.EDSON (voice over): Blinken says China's government is a top supplier of the tools and materials Russia uses to make rocket propellants and other weapons.A spokesperson for China's foreign ministry said it was hypocritical and highly irresponsible for the U.S. to criticize Chinese trade with Russia, especially as President Biden signed billions in additional aid for Ukraine.Also today, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced his own trip to China next month. The secretary says he also pressed Xi on China's trade policies and accused China of flooding markets with cheap solar panels, electric vehicles and batteries.China says the U.S. is trying to encircle it in the Pacific and stifle its economy.WANG YI, CHINESE FOREIGN MINISTER (through translator): China's legitimate development rights have been unreasonably suppressed and our core interests are facing challenges.EDSON (voice over): Some congressional Republicans called the trip a waste of time.REP. CARLOS GIMENEZ (R-FL): Says blah, blah, blah. I'm calling for us to start decoupling from China. China is our greatest adversary.EDSON (voice over): Back in the U.S., the government is giving TikTok less than a year to decouple from its Chinese parent company. As for whether Xi and Blinken discussed that?BLINKEN: TikTok did not come up, so I can't answer that one very quickly.(END VIDEOTAPE)EDSON (on camera): In the coming weeks, the U.S. and China will hold their first artificial intelligence talks. Blinken says officials will discuss risks, safety concerns and how to manage them, Mike.EMANUEL: Rich Edson, thanks so much.We're getting new information tonight about the much-anticipated Israeli offensive into southern Gaza. This comes amid increased activity on a site intended to allow additional humanitarian aid to flow into the region.Correspondent Jeff Paul is in Tel Aviv tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): A new satellite image appears to show construction of an aid port near Gaza City. This site will eventually be the home of a temporary U.S. military pier similar to this one that's currently being built miles offshore.As the war on Gaza continues, security concerns were heightened this week when the port came under fire during a mortar attack.BRIG. GEN. PAT RYDER, PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: This occurred before any U.S. forces you know have started moving anything. There'll be no U.S. forces on the ground.PAUL (voice over): All of this happening as Israel signals it's getting closer to a major ground operation in the southern city of Rafah. It's home to an estimated 1.3 million civilians seeking shelter from the war. Many are now forced to leave once again.UMM MAHMOUD ABU MUSA, GAZA RESIDENT (through translator): This is the third time we're relocating. There is no safety anywhere.PAUL: Tents are now going up a few miles north of Rafah in Deir Al-Balah as civilians try to avoid the fighting.MAHMOUD SOBH, GAZA RESIDENT: We came here and there has been shelling, several strikes last night. And they tell you it's a safe place. How is it a safe place?PAUL: Beyond Gaza's borders, tensions are running high throughout Israel. Crowds demonstrating in both Jerusalem and Tel Aviv frustrated by a lack of progress on a hostage deal. Families of the 133 still missing including eight Americans are pushing world leaders to do more.DANIEL LIFSCHITZ, GRANDSON: So I ask everyone to bring back their focus to the release of the hostages because that will also solve so many of the other issues.(END VIDEO TAPE)PAUL (on camera): President Biden's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan said today he saw fresh momentum in ongoing hostage talks. However, Hamas says it will not back down from its demands for a permanent cease-fire and a full withdrawal of Israeli troops, something Israel has rejected. Mike?EMANUEL: Jeff Paul in Tel Aviv, many thanks.For the latest installment in Bret Baier's document series "The Unauthorized Histories" is now available on FOX Nation. It's a five-part look at the history of Silicon Valley that traces the rise of today's tech giants. Today's excerpt deals with censorship and misinformation on social media.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. ANTHONY FAUCI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE CHIEF MEDICAL ADVISER: Please, for your own safety, for that of your family, get your updated COVID-19 shot as soon as you're eligible.DR. JAY BHATTACHARYA, STANFORD UNIVERSITY EPIDEMIOLOGIST: So I was a dissident scientist during the COVID pandemic. And the Twitter files and this revelation of who was suppressed on Twitter, I was actually one of the primary targets. When Elon bought Twitter, he invited me to come up to visit Twitter headquarters, and I saw on the database my face, and it said "blacklist" on it. I was put on Twitter blacklist the day I joined Twitter, it turns out. And I got to sit with Elon for an hour, and I asked him, why did he do this? He thought it was important for him to buy Twitter because without free speech there is no hope for civilization. In his view, that $44 billion he spent on Twitter was the best money he has ever spent.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: You can watch all five episodes of "The Unauthorized History of Silicon Valley" streaming on FOX Nation.Up next, our series on the toxic cleanup efforts in one major American city. And later, the panel on President Biden's announcement that he will be happy to debate former President Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)EMANUEL: In our last segment looking at toxic sites, we told you about the history of the Manhattan Project in St. Louis and what led to widespread contamination. New maps from the Army Corps of Engineers show contamination in a local creek extends to near the Missouri River. Tonight, my colleague Bret Baier looks at the cleanup effort there and at the landfill where the nuclear waste sits today.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DAWN CHAPMAN, JUST MOMS STL: They had a chance to really prevent all the harm that we're seeing now, and for whatever reason, they chose not to.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: The U.S. government keeps a list of locations across the country known as superfund sites. Dawn Chapman and Karen Nickel say when they bought their homes, they were unaware a superfund site was located nearby.CHAPMAN: I was like, what the heck is that? I didn't know to even look for that when I purchased my house.BAIER: The Environmental Protection Agency added the West Lake Landfill to its national priorities list in 1990.BOB JURGENS, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY: The superfund process can be very lengthy.BAIER: Nearly 35 years later, the agency says it is still working to develop a plan as to how to clean up the site.JURGENS: We don't have the timeline. It's difficult to guess how long this is going to take. We have made really good progress with the responsible parties on doing the full assessment.CHANTELLE NICKSON-CLARK, (D) MISSOURI STATE HOUSE: Some of us may not even experience the cleanup in our lifetime.BAIER: Adding to the complex work, a fire has been burning at that site for nearly a decade.JURGENS: It's not uncommon for there to be landfill fires.BAIER: The EPA says there is significant space between the fire and the radioactive waste. Crews have installed a barrier to contain the fire, and officials say there is currently no risk to residents in the area.JURGENS: That subsurface smoldering event is definitely in better shape than it was several years ago.BAIER: But some residents say the work is taking too long.CHAPMAN: The truth is, is that both federal agencies have made huge errors and mistakes in characterizing it.BAIER: The two sites where toxic waste was stored after the Manhattan Project were added to the national priorities list in 1989. Coldwater Creek does not have its own designation but falls under the storage site's listing.JURGENS: A superfund site shows where essentially you have where the source of the material is. And then contamination can extend offs of those boundaries.NICKSON-CLARK: This creek goes 14 miles throughout the county that I serve. And so I just believe that the whole entire creek should be tested.BAIER: The Army Corps of Engineers is the lead federal agency working to clean up the waterway. They estimate the effort could take until 2038.PHIL MOSER, U.S. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS: There's an extensive amount of coordination, investigation, documentation, remediation that we have to do just to get one area. So, the overall process definitely does take some time, and we understand that.BAIER: Is that acceptable?SEN. JOSH HAWLEY, (R-MO): No. It's outrageous. And by the way, it keeps moving. If you look at their estimates, Bret, they are always pushing them out. Well, wait another day. Give us another decade. This is outrageous. Let's remember, this creek has had contamination in it since the 50s, since the 60s, and now 2038? We will be getting close to the century mark.BAIER: The Army Corps of Engineers is taking samples along the 14-mile stretch of Coldwater Creek. That area contains 756 properties including homes, commercial locations, and recreational sites.MOSER: When the Army Corps took over in 1998, the extent was not 100 percent known. We got to in 2012 and realized there was more extensive sampling needed in Coldwater Creek.BAIER: New maps from the agency show locations where soil is contaminated. Those locations are in red. Portions in yellow show where sampling is still being conducted. Green and blue areas have been determined safe.MOSER: The driver for a lot of our remedial action is Thorium 230. For it to cause harm needs to be ingested.BAIER: Coldwater Creek flows behind Jana Elementary School which closed in 2022 after Thorium, a carcinogen, was detected on the property.CHAPMAN: Jana Elementary School was truly a nightmare come true for us, because we knew where it sat along the creek.BAIER: Ashley Bernaugh was PTA president at Jana where her son attended.ASHLEY BERNAUGH, FORMER JANA ELEMENTARY PTA PRESIDENT: Since 2018, the Army Corps of Engineers has really done its due diligence, and the Department of Education along with them, to not answer my questions.BAIER: She said she had been requesting testing and documents for several years before her concerns were addressed.MOSER: We did extensive testing both inside and outside of the school with tried-and-true industry standard procedures and evaluations that we are required to do.BAIER: Bernaugh says that was not enough. Eventually and outside company took samples from the grounds.BERNAUGH: The Boston Chemical Company were able to take dust samples and analyze them and found Thorium 230.BAIER: The Army Corps of Engineers says dangerous levels of Thorium were found but only in locations close to the creek. They determined the school did not need to close.BERNAUGH: So the banks of the creek are being remediated by the Army Corps of Engineers because it meets their magical threshold of what radioactive waste -- what they're willing to clean up of radioactive waste.MOSER: We verified and concluded that the school was safe from a radiological standpoint, and we stand by that.BAIER: The Corps is taking soil samples from homes near Coldwater Creek after contamination was found in backyards.MOSER: When there is an area of contamination approaching that, we will always follow that.BAIER: How will the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act help speed things up?HAWLEY: Well, a couple of things. Number one, for anybody in the St. Louis region, the St. Charles region who has been exposed to radioactive contamination and gotten sick because of it, this act would give them life- saving compensation. It also makes clear that the government is on the hook for this.(END VIDEO TAPE)EMANUEL: Up next, the panel with reaction to President Biden's announcement that he'll be happy to debate former President Trump.Plus, Winners and Losers, and, later, "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HOWARD STERN, RADIO HOST: Yes, I don't know if you are going to debate your opponent.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I am somewhere. I don't know when. I'm happy to debate him.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I'm here. I'm ready, willing, and able. Just tell me where. I will do it at the White House. That would be very comfortable, actually. But you tell me where. But we're ready. He is obviously not showing up now. We've heard nothing. But he said today, oh, I would love to debate. But he won't debate. I don't think he will, but maybe he will.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: On Presidential debates, Trump to Biden, bring it on, and Howard Stern getting a scoop today with President Biden on his radio program with that.Let's bring in our panel, Spencer Brown, managing editor of "Townhall," Vince Coglianese, WMAL Washington talk radio host, and Olivia Beavers, congressional reporter for "Politico." So, Spencer, your thoughts on debates?SPENCER BROWN, "TOWNHALL" MANAGING EDITOR: If it happens, which I think it's still a pretty big if, Joe Biden is not somebody who is ready for primetime. He doesn't have a primetime. This is not somebody who without the pressure of a debate stage or Donald Trump standing next to him has told the country that he has oil cancer, has misjudged what the U.S. response to a Chinese invasion of Taiwan would be, and continually has to have his administration go out and do cleanup for him.When you are live on a stage and you are on a clock and there's a moderator, and Donald Trump is right there probably poking fun at you for not being able to string a sentence together, he is not going to do well.EMANUEL: All right, let's take a look at the FOX poll, importance of Biden-Trump debate. All, 64 percent. Democrats, 60 percent. And 71 percent of Republicans thinking it's extremely or very important. Olivia, your thoughts?OLIVIA BEAVERS, "POLITICO": People like to see the people that they might support for president or elected officials talking and hashing it out. We have seen these two on the debate stage before, and some have thrown punches, and some have had gaffes. But this race is a match-up, and we want to see them at it again. And I think you are seeing a little bit of the cat and mouse, which is Donald Trump saying I will fight you, I will debate you here, I will debate you there. And Biden now has probably given his most definitive answer, which is he expects to debate him. We just need to figure out when.EMANUEL: This a hot topic on talk radio?VINCE COGLIANESE, WMAL TALK RADIO HOST: This is a critical thing. I really do want to see them debate, but I don't think Biden's statement today was the last word on this subject. In fact, I would imagine there may be some people within his campaign who were cringing that he gave that answer because they weren't quite ready for that.Look, as Spencer said, I just don't think Biden is with it. And I think the reason for that, that I can assess, is because look how many things need to be choreographed for him. Everything about his existence in public is handled, including today this report from "Axios" that he is surrounded by White House aides as he walks from the White House to Marine One in order to block the camera's vision of how frail he is. He is even reading notes off the teleprompter, indicating that he is supposed to pause for audience effect. He says "pause" when he is just supposed to read it. That's an issue, and it's going to be a big problem in a debate against a guy who is clearly able to handle the stresses of immense day, including at a courtroom all day every day.EMANUEL: Yes, first full week of President Trump in court. Of course, this is in context of a presidential campaign. What's the impact, Spencer?BROWN: It's been interesting. I think to some people who are watching this, it's not easy to watch because there's no cameras in there and we don't even have live audio. It's interesting to hear how the tabloid industry works, but we really haven't gotten to the crime that this whole trial is supposed to be about. And so I think there was a lot of hyping about how this trial is finally going to start, and this is, again, the end of Donald Trump. He will never recover from this. But we still haven't really gotten to that point yet where we are talking about the crime that this trial is supposedly about.EMANUEL: Olivia, your thoughts on Trump and Biden both being in New York City today, not near each other so much. And, of course, the president state away from Columbia University with all the protests.BEAVERS: Well, I feel like with Donald Trump, the big issue is him not even being able to campaign. He is dealing with all these legal issues. And that's something that Democrats finally feel like they got a win on is he can't, at times, speak out. He has to sit in a room and be spoken to. And meanwhile, his competitor, President Biden, is going around doing interviews and, you know, and campaigning.Biden did not go and wade into what is kind of the messy Columbia encampment issue. That's something that he sort of tried to stay away from. It's a thorny issue for Democrats. It's not so much an issue for Republicans.EMANUEL: Vince, your thoughts on the impact of former President Trump being stuck at the courthouse all week?COGLIANESE: As Olivia points out, Democrats feeling like they have a win keeping Trump in court is actually, I think a pathetic commentary by Democrats on the fact that they don't have anything to sell the country. They don't have a good message to share. So what they need to do is demonize and muddy this guy up. And it's just the fact -- Spencer mentioned there really is no crime that's being laid out in a court proceeding. How can you not lay out a crime in a court proceeding? The only way that happens is if Democrats have become comfortable demonizing a political opponent, using the justice system to wound him. And I think more and more Americans are recognizing this is deeply unfair. Democrats worry that Trump is succeeding with cameras on him at those courthouses.EMANUEL: OK, there's also the question of presidential immunity, something President Trump has been arguing. Let's put some headlines from different outlets having varying views on the potential for Trump's SCOTUS case. "Wall Street Journal", "Justices seem open to some immunity from Trump." "The Washington Post", "High court poised to reject Trump's immunity claims." "Bloomberg", "Wary Supreme Court could extend Trump's immunity bid past election." Let's get around the horn quickly on that.BROWN: I'm one to not try to guess how the court is going to rule. But I do think there's a larger thing happening here, which is whether or not the Supreme Court is going to continue to be attacked by Democrats like Senator Schumer, the Senate majority leader. This push that we saw after the Dobbs decision leaked and after, obviously, the decision finally came out, there is a lot of pressure on the court that I think is unfair and unnecessary. And I think however they rule on this is only going to throw more gas on that fire.EMANUEL: Olivia, your thoughts?BEAVERS: I think that what is fun is we will be able to see which headline is right when that ruling eventually comes down. You guys will be careful about overly interpreting what you think the justices might be leaning towards. We have seen mistakes like that in the past. But I think everyone is watching to see what that might mean because it will have a huge ripple effect on a bunch of other matters.EMANUEL: Vince, your thoughts?COGLIANESE: The gravity of this decision is immense, because if they rule in favor of presidential immunity, what they are really saying is that they want to bring stability to our system, so you can't have vindictive prosecutions of political opponents. Several of the justices brought up that if there is no immunity whatsoever, we may get a cycle where presidents pardons themselves on a proforma basis every time they're about to leave office just to make sure the other guys doesn't prosecute them. That's not the world we want to live in. In fact, that's a third world to live in. And so the court needs to do what it can to stabilize our great country.EMANUEL: Rethinking my decision not to go to law school after seeing how much of an impact court cases are going to be in this campaign potentially.Let's do Winners and Losers. Do you want to lead us off, Spencer?BROWN: I'd be happy to. My winner this week is going to be the University of Florida President Ben Sasse for showing what real leadership in a campus setting can look like. While all this chaos is going on at Columbia University and Michigan, he is really showing that it doesn't have to be that way.And my loser this week is White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre. The report in "The New York Post" this morning exposing how there was a failed coup attempt to get rid of her and that she somehow survived.EMANUEL: I was shocked to hear that the University of Southern California has canceled graduation exercises. And I think that these kids missed out on a lot of stuff their senior year in high school. They probably started their college career on laptops. So your Florida example is an interesting one.Vince, your thoughts?COGLIANESE: Well, I think the winners this week for me were seeing the union guys out in New York who met with Donald Trump and were enthusiastic about that. It wasn't that long ago that it would be an odd image to see union workers, trade guys, who were out there supporting a Republican candidate so enthusiastically. Not so anymore. I'd like to see a flourishing debate in American politics.And then loser, Adam Schiff. The guy had his luggage stolen in San Francisco this week. It's a city that's run by Democrats and he's running for a Democrat Senate seat. He doesn't really want to talk about it very much, but he's down a suit.EMANUEL: All right, Olivia?BEAVERS: My loser would be TikTok after President Biden signed the sell or ban bill that made it through Congress. And my winner is at this table, Mike Emanuel, who was inducted into Rutgers Hall of Fame. Congratulations.EMANUEL: Thank you very much. Great honor, and you surprised me.(LAUGHTER)EMANUEL: I'm touched by my alma mater, and thank you very much for your kindness. I appreciate it.And I'm exercising my prerogative as Bret's fill-in with my own winner this week. It goes to Dr. Yves d'Udekem, the chief of cardiac surgery at Children's National Hospital. He and his team at doctors and Children's are taking top notch care of Bret and Amy's 16-year-old son Paul who had to undergo emergency open heart surgery yesterday. It is his fifth. This one was unexpected. But as you can see, Paul is already up and walking. He is hitting all of his marks and will be home soon. Thanks to all the good folks at Children's. God bless Paul, Bret, Amy, and Daniel. And Bret will be back in this chair on Monday.It is Friday. That means it is time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ, (D-NY): -- witness the leadership of those peaceful student led protests on campuses like Columbia, Yale, Berkeley, and many others.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I learned a long time ago, listen to that lady.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Long live the intifada.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: These are words with expect from ayatollahs in Iran, not American lawmakers and not American students.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The soy latte drinking Ivy League students wouldn't last a minute in Gaza.BIDEN: Four more years, pause.CROWD: Four more years! Four more years!DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: These are all Biden trials. This is done as election interference.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Witches in Salem had a chance for a better trial than Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For the six months that we were not passing the necessary resources for Ukraine, Putin was looking to his friends.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Will you achieve victory?VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT: We don't have any alternative.SEN. MARCO RUBIO, (R-FL): I want to help Israel. I want to help Taiwan. Then I have to drop my demanded that the president enforce our immigration laws. This is moral extortion.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This bill that passed today is a death warrant for Palestinians.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM, (R-SC): You are dumb as dirt if you think abandoning Israel makes us safer and that Hamas gives a damn about the Palestinian people.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, my hope is somebody else buys TikTok.BAIER: Just not the CCP.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Just not the CCP.(END VIDEO CLIP)EMANUEL: Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, we look at China's efforts to stop investigations into the coronavirus pandemic and whether there were concerns within the FBI about gain of function research.Please join Shannon Bream for FOX NEWS SUNDAY. Her guests are Senators J.D. Vance of Ohio and Chris Murphy of Connecticut, along with retired Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer.And before we go, the SPECIAL REPORT family is growing. Our White House senior producer Erin McEwan gave birth to a beautiful boy on Thursday evening. Meet Wallace Braden (ph). Both mom and son are said to be doing great. Congratulations to them.Remember, if you can't see us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. eastern, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thank you for watching SPECIAL REPORT. Thank you, Olivia Beavers, for your kindness. Thank you to Rutgers University for the great honor. I'm Mike Emanuel in Washington. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" is next. Have a wonderful weekend.