RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I'm glad the University of Southern Florida is catching up, but look, this Taylor Swift's cultural impact, whether you like her lyrics or not --LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes, perturbing. Yes, we are out of time. Yes, we are out of time, Raymond.ARROYO: Her new album, she mentioned a London pub and the Swifties packed it.INGRAHAM: Yes, well, Raymond, this is another blackeye for the English degrees out there. See you tomorrow night.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME.Tonight --DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I shouldn't be in Georgia now. I should be in Florida now. I should be in a lot of different places right now campaigning and I'm sitting here.WATTERS: Sit down and shut up. The Democrats treat Trump like a terrorist.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This was a teenage boy who beat on a little girl. How come none of the article said that it was a boy attacking a girl.WATTERS: Another transgender assault and another media cover up?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What if that was your daughter? What if that was your daughter?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I got shot in my (bleep) with a 38, so it don't work right.CHRIS HANSEN, HOST OF "TAKEDOWN" WITH CHRIS HANSEN ON TRUBLU: I'm sorry, what?WATTERS: Chris Hansen on the hunt.Plus --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why would he take the crippled and the poor from other places? Do we have (bleep) for them? Because they don't have (bleep) for me.WATTERS: Torture: Democrats used to be obsessed. During the war on terror. They talked about torture more than victory.Gitmo, "The New York Times" in 2005 said, "Please, Mr. President, just shut it down." They told us it was immoral.Dick Durbin, he called American soldiers Nazis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. DICK DURBIN (D-IL): If I read this to you, and didn't tell you that it was an FBI agent, describing what Americans had done to prisoners in their control. You would most certainly believe this must have happened by Nazis, Soviets in their Gulags or some mad regime Pol Pot or others that had no concern for human beings.Sadly, that's not the case. This was the action of Americans in the treatment of their own prisoners.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Terrorists were victimized by American Nazis. Obama even built them a million dollar soccer field.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: A million dollars on a soccer field? How do you spend a million dollars doing a soccer field? You have a level piece of land. Throw them a ball, let them play soccer, if they have to play at all. Why do they even - - why are they playing soccer is my question.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Democrats gave terrorists soccer fields, free lawyers, constitutional rights. Eric Holder's law firm flew down to Gitmo to represent al-Qaeda pro bono.Are you getting enough time to pray? Is the food halal? Were the guards mean to you? If you answer the judges questions correctly, you'll be on your way back to Jalalabad.But today, the former president of the United States if he leaves court to go to the restroom -- jail. If he calls the prosecutor corrupt -- jail. If Trump moves or says anything, they scream --jail.Did Khalid Sheikh Mohammed gets slapped with a gag order? Trump's not even allowed to complain about the thermostat. It's a meat locker in there. He gets mocked for just closing his eyes.Donald Trump has been on the move his whole life -- golf, rallies, movement, action, sunlight, fresh air, freedom. This isn't lawfare. It is torture.They're making a 77-year-old man sit inside a dingy room for eight hours straight, four days a week. And if he moves or talks -- jail. How do you campaign for president if you can't move or talk?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I should be in Georgia now. I should be in Florida now. I should be in a lot of different places right now campaigning and I'm sitting here and this will go on for a long time. It's very unfair.And I should be allowed to campaign.And whoever heard of this, you get indicted for that? People on the court just said to me, I can't believe it, this is the case.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Today was the first time in history opening remarks were delivered in a criminal case against a former president and you're not going to believe who delivered the opening remarks for the prosecution, Joe Biden's former acting associate attorney general.Wait a second.The media says Joe Biden has nothing to do with these prosecutions. Well, the number three guy at the Biden Justice Department parachuted in from DC in to Alvin Bragg's office provides this dead case and just gave the opening statement to the jury.Matt Colangelo left the Biden administration and Frankenstein'ed the personal matter years ago into 34 felony counts. The DA Alvin Bragg isn't even prosecuting the case. Biden's prosecutors are the ones prosecuting it. He just shows up to court with doughnuts. He hasn't argued in front of the judge once. He is just running on Dunkin.For the next six weeks, Trump is in a torture chamber while Biden's prosecutor puts on a show trial. The star witness has a podcast, gets to rip Trump a new one, but Trump is gagged.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER DONALD TRUMP ATTORNEY: He put out another post that attacked me.I'll tell you how I would act on it if I was the judge. i would turn around and I would say: Donald, grab your toothbrush, grab your hair (bleep) and report to 500 Pearl Street, the Criminal Court, because you're spending the night in the tombs downstairs.And you'll spend every day, we will bring you up for the trial, but afterwards, you're not going back to your triplex. You're going downstairs to the pokey until you learn how to (bleep) act like a human being.That's what I would do.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The star witness who went to prison for lying is torturing Trump and bossing the judge around, and if Trump says anything jail.Stormy Daniels, porn star, who extorted Trump and owes him 600 G's in legal fees, and her attorney Michael Avenatti in prison for extortion. Everyone in this case is either a liar or a porn star or an extortionist or all of the above.They are the faces of a case that's never been tried before in the history of the United States. Their argument, are you ready -- is that Trump should have used donor money to stop a woman from shaking him down, and then file the ransom with the FEC.That's a great way of protecting your family. No one would ever find out.This wasn't campaign business, this was personal. Campaign finance law specifically states, candidates cannot use campaign funds for an expense that would exist anyway, even if it benefits the campaign.His lawyer paid Stormy and after the campaign was over, the money was reimbursed and booked as illegal expense. You can't use campaign funds for personal matters, and now you can't use personal funds for personal matters during a campaign?So I guess the real crime is that Trump ran for president and beat Hillary.Prosecutors are arguing that it's a felony to quiet rumors about your personal life. A lot of presidents have made tabloid rumors disappear. Bill Clinton had a war room combating bimbo eruptions. Senator Ted Kennedy settled the case with Mary Jo's family after he left her for dead in the waters of Chappaquiddick.Alvin Bragg is arguing that Senator Kennedy should have used campaign funds and filed it with the FEC. That's nonsense. That was personal.Biden's former prosecutor told the jury today that Trump was trying to influence his own election. Oh my gosh. Trump's defense attorney told the jury trying to influence the election is called democracy. There is nothing wrong with a nondisclosure agreement.Can you believe the Democrats still can't get over the 2016 election? It's now a crime to beat Hillary.The squad admitted it is political, saying, you know if Trump had just been impeached, we wouldn't have had to put him in jail.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-IL):I go back to the responsibility of Congress here. Because had the Senate actually gone through with the impeachment of Donald Trump --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hello?JAYAPAL: We would not be in this situation.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The situation the squad is talking about is Biden losing.Former President Donald Trump polling ahead of Biden on every major issue. Look at that. Looking back, voters remember the Trump term and stacked up against the Biden term, it is no contest.Voters should put aside all the chaos and just look at the Biden and Trump terms on paper. Gavin Newsom says the media is so hyper focused on Trump, they're going to get him re-elected again.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): This is a guy that doesn't care if he is the hero or the heel. He just wants to be the star and in so many ways, he gets what he wants and that's the bright spotlight and focus.When we are focusing on him, I do worry electorally that he has a slight advantage.The consequential nature of a criminal trial is profound and outsized in some respect, but not more outsized than democracy nor more outsized perhaps on what I thought was one of the biggest stories of the week and that's Robert Kennedy, Jr., getting on the ballot in Michigan.He gets on more than just that one critical swing state of Michigan, and gets on the ballot on some of these others, I think you have to take that very, very seriously.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Elections are won at the ballot box, not in the courtroom, but this year, Trump might win in both. So what do you do when you're down?Republicans are going to pull pregnant women over and make them pee on a stick.(POLITICAL AD VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're almost there. We're going to made it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump Republicans want to criminalize young Alabama women who travel for reproductive care.OFFICER: Miss, I'm going to need you to step out of the vehicle. Take a pregnancy test.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Stop them.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And once you have them scared, bring in Hollywood to help sell it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL DOUGLAS, ACTOR: The people that I've talked to and everybody that I have, say he is as sharp as a tack. He is fine.We all have an issue of memories. As we get older, we forget names or something. He has overcome a stutter in his life, and sometimes he might.But let's just say that his entire Cabinet, including his vice president, everybody in his Cabinet would be more than happy to work with him again in the next term.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All of these people who meet Biden privately keep saying she is sharp as a tack. Weird, right? Because he doesn't act sharp in public.It's like the same thing they said about Hillary, behind-the-scenes, she is so funny, she is so loose and relatable. They trotted out another actor to sell you that Trump hates Blacks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN LEGEND, SINGER: When we protested the killing of George Floyd, he was advocating for the military to shoot us in the streets. He's made it clear throughout his life, that he believes Black people are inferior, like he believes that to his core, in his bones.When you hear some of the stray comments he makes, he clearly believes in a genetic hierarchy of humanity and is racially determined. So he is a tried and true, like, dyed in the wool racist.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: They're trying to sell you a script that they wrote but doesn't exist. Black women are diving into Trump's arms at Chick-Fil-A, John Legend. Have you seen that one?Or John, have you seen Biden say Black cannibals ate his uncle?I mean, that's someone who believes in a genetic hierarchy. That's not someone who is that sharp.Trump attorney, Chris Kise joins me now.Chris, what's going on in this courtroom downtown?CHRIS KISE, ATTORNEY: Well, I think you know, the Democrats claim that Trump is a threat to democracy. The real threat to democracy is the willingness to abuse the power of your office to influence what should otherwise be a free and fair election and that is exactly what's going on downtown in the courtroom.I mean, look at just this week. You've got a hearing in a civil case about essentially nothing. You've got a criminal trial starting and later this week, there will be a Supreme Court argument -- all in cases that were made up specifically for the purpose of influencing the outcome of an election.WATTERS: And so Biden's prosecutor leaves Washington and is putting on the opening argument. Bragg is just popping doughnuts in the back watching.KISE: Well, all of these cases are, you know, a similar pattern. You've got the attorney general of the state of New York, sitting there in the back watching what's going on. I don't even think after today, I'm not even sure that they really care what the outcome was. We went downtown and had a hearing to determine that $175 million of President Trump's cash that he posted, is actually worth $175 million. And a bond form that that has been in use for a hundred years in the state of New York is actually valid, but we wasted time, money and resources.And I think that's the goal: Let's drain the president's time, let's drain his focus, let's drain his resources all while now President Biden is somehow magically out of the basement campaigning. He is on the campaign trail.WATTERS: Yes. He is with AOC in the woods on Earth Day. They're draining his brain and his body. Now, I don't like to sit. They say sitting is the new smoking. You're going to take a man who is usually golfing or in action, and you're going to sit him in a chair in freezing temperatures and just let people rip you and you can't say anything? Four days a week, eight hours a day -- that takes a toll.KISE: It does take a toll. I think that President Trump will withstand that toll because he's an extraordinarily resilient individual, but it is demonstrative of exactly what they want. The Democrats have President Trump where they want him. Trump on trial, President Biden on the campaign trail. That's what they're looking to do.They've realized -- you know, there are two ways really to influence human behavior. You can inspire it or you can manipulate it. President Trump inspires people, but I think the Democrats have realized that President Biden isn't going to inspire anyone. So now, we have to manipulate the outcome, and that's exactly what they're doing.They are using the weapon that they have, the power of these court cases. I mean, in 30 years, I've never seen any one defendant face multiple cases in multiple jurisdictions all at the same time.There is not such a thing.WATTERS: You're now defending him in the documents case, and you're battling the prosecutor for unredacted documents. We've just gotten a batch of these unredacted documents that Jack Smith, the prosecutor for Joe Biden has been hiding. What have we learned here?KISE: Well, I think what we've learned fundamentally is, is that the special counsel wants to keep everything secret and that President Trump wants everything open.This is probably one of the most consequential trials to come before the American people and the American people deserve to know everything that's going on. They need to deserve to know, every aspect of the case and we have fought and will continue to fight to make that happen.WATTERS: All right, Chris, thank you so much.KISE: Thank you. Always a pleasure, Jesse.WATTERS: Johnny goes to AOC's district.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, ASSOCIATE PRODUCER, FOX NEWS MEDIA: When you're heading to the polls this November, how important is the issue of January 6th?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: January 6? What are you talking about January 6?(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: When Ronald Reagan was California governor in the 60s, Berkeley was plagued by riots. Nothing wrong with anti-war protests, but breaking the law and fighting police can't be tolerated.Reagan locked horns with this crew, sending 800 officers to the People's Park in Berkeley to neutralize the rampage. This was his message.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RONALD REAGAN, FORMER CALIFORNIA GOVERNOR: All of it began the first time some of you who know better and are old enough to know better let young people think that they had the right to choose the laws they would obey as long as they were doing it in the name of social protest.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Today, a new wave of riots is being stoked on campus. The movement has gone from the anti-war to anti-American to straight up pro-terrorism.("SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, this is it. You could stay home and do another year of high school.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Very funny, Dad.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Looks like your ride is here. You be careful, okay?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Dad, it's just ISIS.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Take care of her.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Death to America.(GUNSHOTS)(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Hamas loving undergrads created human chains to block Jewish students from moving throughout campus, shrieking war cries and physically intimidating other students.One Jewish student at Yale was stabbed in the eye with a Palestinian flag. America's Arab Spring break is here.Fires, mayhem, arrests, threats. Students screaming "I am Hamas."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We are Hamas.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You are Hamas. Wow.That's good to know. You're what? You're Hamas.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, we're all Hamas, pig.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Long live Hamas. (Bleep).UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Get the (bleep) out of our faces. Now.(PEOPLE chanting "Intifada Revolution. There is Only One Solution.")(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: "The New York Times:" characterize Jihad University this way. At Columbia the protests continued with dancing and pizza. Pizza, dancing and oh yes, yelling "Death to America.""The Times" said Fox News is pouncing, which means they know this doesn't look good for Democrats. Fox News and other conservative outlets repeatedly showed demonstrations that made the country seem on edge. Eye-gouging Jewish kids with Palestinian flags seems a little edgy.Columbia canceled classes today. They went back to remote learning. So Ivy League antisemitism is just as powerful as the pandemic.College kids are chanting "KKK" at Black cops. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(PEOPLE chanting "NYPD KKK. IDF They are all the same."(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Hate speech, violent antisemitism are rippling through liberal Ivy League institutions and beyond. We know how much Joe Biden hates antisemitism. He claims he decided to run for president after witnessing people chanting "Jews will not replace us" in Charlottesville. Remember?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, THEN CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: At that moment, I knew I couldn't stand by and let Donald Trump, a man who went on to say when asked about what he thought he said there were "very fine people on both sides." "Very fine people on both sides."No president of the United States of America has ever said anything like that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Well, after weeks of nationally televised Intifada, Joe Biden was asked about the chaos while strolling away from an Earth Day Drum Circle with AOC. He said, "There's fine people on both sides."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Do you condemn the antisemitic protests on college campuses?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I condemn the antisemitic protests that's why I've set up a program to deal with that. I also condemn those who don't understand what's going on with the Palestinians.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So there are fine people on both sides. They just don't understand each other.Oh, and Happy Earth Day.Ohio Senator J.D. Vance joins me now.This has now gone to extreme levels, this campus chaos. At what point is the president going to call the University of Columbia, the University of Yale and just say it's time to knock it off.SEN. J.D. VANCE (R-OH): Well, it should have happened yesterday, of course, Jesse.I mean, look, this is the convergence of two factors that the left has been openly cultivating for years now. On the one hand, you have well-educated, limousine, self-hating liberals who get very good education, but really, they're getting very good indoctrinations. They're not getting an education on anything.And then on the flip side, you have the importation of millions of people, some of whom are properly vetted, and some of whom hate this country. And those two forces are joining in Columbia and in Yale, and producing this incredible campus violence.You know, obviously, we condemn antisemitism, Jesse, but I don't care what your underlying ideology is. If you're harassing fellow students, if you're preventing people from getting to class, if you're stabbing your fellow students in the eye with flags, you should go to prison. And I don't know why Joe Biden and the Democrats can't just utter the simple basic truth that if you violate the law, if you set up a tent city, if you turn our cities or campuses into garbage dumps for your political protest, you need to be forced to comply with the law.That's what we did back in the 60s, it is what we need to do today, or it's just going to keep on getting weirder and weirder.WATTERS: Yes. They have riot gear strapped police out at NYU right now. It's just gotten dark here in New York City. So we're going to monitor that. There they are standing guard. It's gotten pretty gnarly down here.Do you think Joe Biden is soft peddling this pro-Hamas, jihadist movement on university campuses because he's afraid of losing the Muslim vote in Michigan?VANCE: Oh, that's absolutely right, Jesse. Not just Michigan, by the way, but Pennsylvania and a couple of other important states as well.Look, the Democrats have boxed themselves into a hole here. They need moderate Jewish voters in places all over the country to vote Democratic in big numbers. They also need a lot of Arab voters to vote Democratic in a lot of places all over the country, and those two groups of people very often do not see eye to eye on this Israel question, on the Gaza question and the Democrats have to lay in the bed that they've made for themselves.The fact that Joe Biden can't straightforwardly condemn terrorism and attack some of the craziness that's going on in our campuses is evidence that the guy has two masters, and he needs to pick one and if he doesn't, the American people need to give him the boot.Can you imagine, Jesse, if Donald Trump was president right now, can you imagine how swiftly we would respond to this lawlessness and chaos? We just need to get back to common sense. I'm not asking for anything. Of course, people have the right to peacefully protest. I'm not asking for anything other than simple law and order and obeying the law.If you can't ask that of college kids, what can you ask?WATTERS: Yes, could you imagine if a MAGA hat wearing college kid took out someone's eye on a campus with a flag? Oh.VANCE: Well, of course --WATTERS: I can't even --VANCE: Of course. No, absolutely. Of course, it'd be national news, Jesse. The thing that I do find funny about all of this is you see a lot of these kids wearing masks. So they want to go join the Intifada in Israel, but they're very, very worried about getting a bad cold.WATTERS: That's true. All right. No masks. That's a good policy.J.D. Vance, thank you so much.Chris Hansen is on deck.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: This is a Fox News Alert: There's a wild scene down in the NYU area. A bunch of police officers in what looks like riot gear, some NYPD officers, some campus police officers are now clashing with dozens and dozens of pro-Hamas protesters.You see the Palestinian flag right there. There was an arrest made. Two arrests made. We see that young man in handcuffs right there. It's getting pretty ugly.It looks like some of the officers were assaulted, and now, they're trying to move this crowd back. Push them back.Now, this comes on the heels of Columbia University who had to send in I think hundreds of police officers to make mass arrests. The quad was overrun with tents, occupiers, pro-Palestinian protesters refusing to obey campus safety instructions.And again, this is now bleeding down into the south of Manhattan in NYU, in The Village area where there's a lot of drum bagging, a lot of nasty anti- American chants, tons of hostility.You can see this was well-financed, well-planned out. It doesn't look like this is stopping anytime soon. It even looks like some of those protesters could be faculty, they are little older than your typical college student.So we'll continue to monitor this as more arrests are made and if anybody is hurt.Last week, Chris Hansen exposed the migrant drug operation in California. Sanctuary city policies have emboldened migrant drug dealers so much that they've now set up shop pushing fentanyl right in front of San Francisco's federal courthouse, as well as right in front of City Hall.Hansen went in with a retired detective, caught the fentanyl dealer slinging dope and evading police by just blending in with the rest of the homeless. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HANSEN: Tell me about the federal trade here in front of the federal building in San Francisco.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was so bad for a period of time. The civilian workers that worked here, they told them they can work from home because there were so many sellers and users out here and they come back out at night. But they had put a fence. This whole area has been fenced off.HANSEN: How hard is it to detect fentanyl being smuggled into this country from Mexico?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's hard because there is so much product and trucking coming in, that you can't test it all. You can't check them all.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Joining me now host of "Takedown" with Chris Hansen on TruBlu and "Predators I've Caught," Chris Hansen.Chris, there are so many advantages to these migrant drug dealers, especially in a place like San Francisco. Why?HANSEN: Well because it's an open air market. And nobody knows this better than Britt Elmore who you just heard from, 25 years undercover, a thousand buys of drugs and weapons.Now you've got a situation here where this is not just a ragtag group of Honduran immigrants. These are merchants of death. Each one of these 350 to 400 illegal immigrant fentanyl dealers is making three to four hundred thousand dollars a year and as we discussed, some of that money, most of that money is going back to Honduras where they're building mansions and carrying on.In the meantime, you've got a situation where the current DA has taken this seriously. The last DA was recalled.WATTERS: Right.HANSEN: And now, Brooke Jenkins is taking this seriously, but the judges are not according to Britt Elmore, and many other law enforcement officers I spoke with while we were on the streets of San Francisco.WATTERS: And they are blending in with the homeless. You see the homeless, they're in tents. You're not allowed to touch an illegal alien. You can't even mess up their hair in San Francisco and you can't move the homeless out, so they've infested inside these tent cities.HANSEN: And they are not afraid, Jesse.We rolled up as far away as you and I are on this set to people doing fentanyl on the streets, on their knees. They light lighters underneath tin foil with the fentanyl in it and they inhale the fumes and they walk around like zombies and then the other side of this is to get the money, they steal from retail stores all over San Francisco and the suburbs.They are taking public transportation down to San Mateo stealing, bringing the stuff back and we saw open air markets where the fencing was taking place, and they know the threshold. They know if they only steal $900.00 worth of merchandise, they are not going to face any consequences. They get a ticket.WATTERS: They get a ticket.HANSEN: They get a ticket.WATTERS: Oh, I bet they're going to pay.HANSEN: Yes.WATTERS: Some of the more comical things do seem to unfold with you, Chris Hansen while you're there.HANSEN: Dark --WATTERS: Here is somewhat of a misfire. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This other buddy knows I got shot in my with (bleep) with a 380 show it don't work right.HANSEN: I'm sorry, what?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sorry, excuse my language, sorry. But I got shot with a full metal jacket 380 through my private parts through my leg. So it don't work, right. I can't have sex with women.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANSEN: Okay, so just for context, this is a predator investigation first.WATTERS: Right.HANSEN: We do this whole interview with a guy who's in court. He's in a courtroom for a criminal hearing. And he's texting the decoy in our investigation in Alabama. He makes a date, shows up, we go through the whole routine. I interrogate him. The sheriff's detectives interrogate him and then spontaneously he tells me he couldn't have done anything anyway because he shot himself in his private parts with his gun while cleaning it.So you'll see the entire episode later this week on TruBlu, but it -- you know, every time I think I've seen it all, Jesse, I see something else.WATTERS: That's one alibi we've not heard yet.HANSEN: Never.WATTERS: All right, thank you very much, Chris Hansen.HANSEN: Thank you, Jesse. Joe Biden has a cannibal problem.Right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Fox News Alert: Pretty raucous scene down at NYU. There has been a lot of arrests. We are counting two at least so far as pro-Hamas protesters clashing with what looks like NYPD officers in riot gear.The helmets with the masks and one woman right there getting arrested, handcuffed and led away. It looks like they're doing preemptive action there after what happened with Columbia when the tents went up in the quad. They're now getting ahead of that and tearing down tents before they can spread.NYU probably one of the more radical campuses in the country, and this is, I guess just days after a Jewish Yale student had their eye punctured with a Palestinian flagpole up in New Haven. Things are getting a little violent, as you can see. Many, many angry students lashing out at officers.You just heard chants of "KKK" to some of the NYPD officers in a tape we just played up at Columbia just 48 hours ago. It is a very tense scene. We can listen in.All right, so they're chanting "Free Palestine," obviously. Very, very emotional down there. We'll take you back if more arrests occur and the tents to get uprooted.In 2018, the media lost its mind when former President Trump asked why the United States would accept more immigrants from ish-hole countries like Haiti.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AL SHARPTON, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL ACTION NETWORK: This is someone who has chosen a path that is absolutely racism with steroids.DON LEMON, FORMER CNN ANCHOR: He is a racist, and for all of you who over the last few years have uttered that tired, lazy, uninformed, uneducated, ignorant response of calling me and others who point out racist behavior racist, you know what you can go do, I can't say that.ANDERSON COOPER, CNN HOST, "ANDERSON COOPER: 360": On this day when this President has said what he has said about Haitians, we hope the people in Haiti who are listening tonight, we hope they know that our thoughts are with them, and that our love is with them as well.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Democrats clutch their pearls and used his comment as an excuse to blow up the border wall negotiations, leaving the country spread eagle and vulnerable.Six years later, eight million migrants later and half of Haiti is here. You happy? This raises an interesting question. What's worse? Calling a place like Haiti an ish-hole or accusing an entire country of eating your uncle?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: He got shot down in New Guinea and they never found the body because there used to be a lot of cannibals, for real, in that part of New Guinea.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: A pretty culturally insensitive accusation from the commander-in- chief. The Pentagon said it's a big fat lie, but the media has got no problem with it.None of the major networks even covered the tale. Well, except for one CNN commentator who seemed to believe the Big Guy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCOTT JENNINGS, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: Hi, well, unlike Joe Biden's poor Uncle Bosie, I think Mike Johnson is going to avoid the cannibals in his own party here.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Papua New Guinea's prime minister is not laughing. He says his people aren't a bunch of South Pacific Hannibal Lecters: "President Biden's remarks may have been a slip of the tongue However, my country does not deserve to be labeled as such."And he is not alone, local New Guinea historians also taking issue saying local people wouldn't just eat any White man that fell from the sky.Radio talk show host, Tommy Sotomayor joins PRIMETIME.Now, they wouldn't just eat any old White man. It has to be a specific tender and maybe medium rare White man.TOMMY SOTOMAYOR, DIRECTOR, A FATHERLESS AMERICA: Right. You've got to have a little bit of sun on him. It's got to be baked a little bit. I just wanted -- I figured out what Joe Biden was going to say was he's not talking about New Guinea, he is talking about the old one.WATTERS: That's right. I mean, what about when Trump said Haiti was an ish- hole country and all hell broke loose?SOTOMAYOR: Well, he was telling the truth.WATTERS: And CNN apologized to Haiti. No one on CNN has apologized to New Guinea.SOTOMAYOR: And they're not. Listen, they've got to let -- they look at it as they get to label it as it is, this is old man yelling at the sun, the old man yelling at the sky shaking his fist. Every time he says something out of line, they just label it as well, he is old. They get to use it and they're not using his age.And you're right, the left gets away with a lot of stuff. But we have to remember when we're thinking about the left, this the same party that doesn't believe in the death penalty, but does believe in abortion, even though we know that the -- you know, the child is innocent and the person is probably not.WATTERS: I mean, poor Uncle Bosie, I mean, what a way to go, Tommy, of all the ways -- fire, you know, plane crash, shot in the face with a .22. I'd say being eaten alive in Papua New Guinea, probably the worst.SOTOMAYOR: And let me tell you this, one of the questions that they should ask the people out there since he's going to accuse them, did he taste like chicken? Or did he taste like watermelon? It's simply a question that's asked, especially if he hung out with corn pop. We never know. We never know.WATTERS: We never know, just another great character in the long line of Joe Biden tales. Corn pop, Uncle Bosie -- I wonder who's going to be next.SOTOMAYOR: He tells the best. He tells the best. He has got to be great during Thanksgiving and Christmas dinner. You know you're going to get one of those tales, Aesop pales in comparison, right?WATTERS: Uncle Joe, he is the best. Tommy thanks so much.Johnny hits the streets.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: What has Joe Biden done for the Latino community?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't name a single thing. I can't name a single thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Just moments ago, NYPD officers in riot gear ripped down tents and arrested several protesters at NYU taking preemptive action against what looked like an emerging antisemitic tent city at the campus down there, several arrests, and it looks like they're just starting to clear out a mob of pro-Hamas protesters.We'll circle back with you if the situation continues to develop in a violent way.On Friday, PRIMETIME paid a visit to AOC's district and it wasn't doing well. Crime, illegal vendors, prostitutes running wild, but there is good news for AOC, the president is listening to her concerns.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Representative Ocasio-Cortez of New York, you know, I learned a long time ago to listen to that lady.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Joe Biden and AOC were forest bathing, which I support, frolicking in the woods, celebrating Earth Day. Happy Earth Day, everybody. And that is the most important issue -- global warming, we understand.But is that what her constituents care about? Johnny went to her district in Queens to find out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BELISARIO: How about all this inflation?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (Bleep) out-of-control.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's horrible.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's crazy. Everything's going up.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It is getting worse every day.BELISARIO: What issue in this country is impacting your life the most?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The rent is one of the biggest problems.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The prices.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Food went up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The job market.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Economic issues are number one. AWE can't take care of ourselves. We can't (bleep) do anything else.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)NEWSOM: That's true, because it's true.BELISARIO: When you're heading to the polls this November. How important is the issue of January 6th?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: January 6th? What is the -- what are you talking about January 6th?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't recall.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's way more important things to be worrying about than January 6th.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BIDEN: Simply not true.BELISARIO: Should we secure the border?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Of course, yes. I'm Latino. But all of these people is driving -- coming here have been doing crime.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's too many people here already.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We don't take in the huddled masses yearning, breathing to be free -- it is a load of bogus. Why would we take the crippled and the poor from other places? Do we have (bleep) for them because they don't have (bleep) for me?(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: People said all the Hispanics won't like a wall. I said I think they're going to love it.BELISARIO: Is Joe Biden too soft on crime?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Soft. Super soft.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He is soft. He is soft.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't think an old person has the same ability as a young person.BELISARIO: How old are you?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Eight-three.BELISARIO: Do you want to be president?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's people walking in stores just taking whatever they want and walking out. Why won't we do it? Why don't you and I do it?BELISARIO: I go to the pharmacy and I'm waiting forever to get something.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Twenty minutes to get my (bleep) deodorant. It's crazy.BELISARIO: I get that shipped to Jesse Watters' house.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Let me know how I get on that program.("FRIENDS" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)MONICA GELLER, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: That gravy train has ended.BELISARIO: Donald Trump is leading in some polls with Latinos. What happened there?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We came here to work. You know how to pay taxes, not to have everything free.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He defends from the country in a good way.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Latinos are tired of violence. He's sending money and money and money right to help the Ukraine people. They should stop a little bit.BELISARIO: What has Joe Biden done for the Latino community?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't see anything.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't think he does anything.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't name a single thing.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BIDEN: He said that. How dare he say that?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Open the border.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We've got to stop giving all our money away. There is no money going to Ukraine. That should stop. There is no money going to Israel. That should stop. That's my money.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BIDEN: Not anymore.BELISARIO: Jill Biden called Latinos tacos.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)DR. JILL BIDEN, FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES: . the breakfast tacos.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Very racist.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Everybody here thinks that Spanish people are the same, we are not.BELISARIO: She says she visited the bo-ga-das. What's a bo-ga-da?(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)JILL BIDEN: The bo-ga-das of the Bronx.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, the bodega. The bodega. That's a store.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)TRUMP: Go to a bodega.BELISARIO: Who did you vote for in 2020?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I didn't vote, but clearly that was a mistake. Joe Biden is horrible.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I vote for Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Unfortunately, Joe Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm a Democrat.BELISARIO: So you voted for?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Joe Biden.BELISARIO: Who are you going to vote for in 2024?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I like Trump now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Still to be determined.BELISARIO: Could it be Joe Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Definitely not.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Of course, Donald Trump. Sorry. If you are Democrat, I am sorry.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BELISARIO: You're going to be on JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME. What do you want to tell Jesse Watters?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hello, Jesse. How are you?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Appreciate it. Come on to Jackson Heights, Queens.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Es mi mondo.(End VT)WATTERS: Ice plunge today, five minutes, 50 degrees. It was so transcendental. I went into the steam afterwards. And when it is such another dimension, I lost track of time, came out 30 minutes later, felt amazing. Had heat rash all over my upper thighs. I got to check out when I go home if it's still there, but really great stuff. I'm thinking about making it a daily thing. Let me know what you think. Text me.Grace from Florida: Alvin Bragg goes to Dunkin, Jack Smith goes to Subway, Fani Willis goes to Lickety Splits.Liz from Portsmouth, New Hampshire: I would like to nominate Michael Douglas for another Oscar.Joe is just so sharp.Lara from Utah: I wonder how many of those student protesters had their loans forgiven?Aha.James from Virginia: Uncle Bozey's last word before being eaten by cannibals, "Don't."Kelly from Pennsylvania: Ask Chris Hansen to investigate the cannibals that ate Uncle Boozy.All right.Pete from Florida: Sam's Club has your book at the bottom of the shelf. I moved it to eye level. You're welcome.I want to encourage everybody to do that. If you see my book getting less than prominent placement at some of these book places, you move it up to eye level. I'm not saying interfere with a display, don't want to do anything illegal. Just eye level.I'm Watters and this is my world.