(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We're out of time! Tanks to Bill Maher, Dana Perino, Dr. Drew Pinsky, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: If black men are being killed on the street, what is democracy? They don't see you in the future of America, but they are wrong.Today in Georgia, they won't allow water to be available to you while you wait in line to vote in the election. What in the hell is that all about?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And breaking tonight, reaction still coming in to President Biden's bummer of a message to the graduates of Morehouse College in Atlanta. Critics calling the speech divisive, defeatist, and a desperate attempt at winning back black voters.Meantime, the war on Gaza, prompting the International Criminal Court to seek arrest warrants for Hamas leaders as well as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER, ISRAEL (through translator): This is like creating a moral equivalence after September 11th between President Bush and Osama bin Laden, or during World War II, between FDR and Hitler.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: As you see, Netanyahu, "rejecting with disgust".And the prosecution now resting in New York versus Donald Trump after a bombshell admission from Michael Cohen, the man many are now calling one of the worst witnesses anyone has ever seen.But does the former president actually have a chance with this deep blue Manhattan jury? Nate Foy is live for us outside the New York Supreme Court with more on today's fiery courtroom content.Nate, good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace.After a testimony from key witnesses, Michael Cohen and Bob Costello, Trump attorney Todd Blanche requested that Judge Juan Merchan dismissed this case, arguing that prosecutors did not prove that Trump falsified business records or did anything illegal to influence the 2016 presidential election.Now, the judge reserved his decision, but Trump did not hold back while leaving court tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Hopefully, the motion to dismiss this trial will go through, because this trial is a disaster for our country. It's a disaster for the New York State -- the New York City.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Trace, take a look at this. Trump posted on Truth Social tonight, "The judge wouldn't allow our expert to testify. Has anything like this ever happened before? Election interference."Now, Trump's referring to Brad Smith, the campaign finance expert. The judge would only allow limited testimony from him. And because of that, Trump's lawyers said today that Bob Costello, may in fact, be their final witness.Today, in court, Judge Merchan cleared the courtroom and scolded Costello, telling him to stop reacting to his rulings.Costello appeared frustrated with constant objections by prosecutors. Costello consulted with Michael Cohen back in 2018. He says back then, Cohen told him Trump had nothing to do with the Stormy Daniels' deal.Cohen claims that he lied to Costello back then, because he worried information would eventually get back to Trump. But Cohen admitted today, he knew at the time that his attorney-client privilege prevented Costello from doing that.Today, Cohen also admitted to stealing roughly $60,000 from the Trump Organization. Cohen overcharged for a payment to a tech company that helped improve Trump's position in a poll.Now, the judge predicted today trace that closing arguments will happen next week. Costello will be back on the stand under cross examination when court resumes at 9:30 tomorrow morning. Trace?GALLAGHER: Nate Foy, live for us in New York. Nate, thank you.Let's bring in former Deputy Assistant Attorney General and Cal Berkeley Law Professor John Yoo.John, great to have you on. So, the big headline of the day, of course, is Michael Cohen admitted stealing $60,000 from Donald Trump. Even the left was a bit stunned by this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAURA COATES, CNN CHIEF LEGAL ANALYST: I'm shocked that we are hearing it for the first time on day three of cross examination of Michael Cohen. That the prosecution did not take the sting out, did not front it. We're talking about $420,000. We've already seen the payment structure here.JAKE TAPPER, HOST, CNN: Right. This isn't like $15COATES: It's not $15.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a bomb. This is really important. This is a bomb dropped in the middle of the prosecution's case.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, it seems like they're right, John. This really was a bomb right in the middle of the case.JOHN YOO, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL: They are all right. But it just confirms what we already knew. Why weren't these people shocked that the prosecution was turning the entire case on someone who has served time in federal jail for perjury, for lying to Congress, for lying a special counsel for tax evasion.I hate to say it but hearing that Michael Cohen stole $60,000 from his employer, and plans to make a lot more money off of Trump after the trial is over doesn't surprise me, because he's already got no credibility.But I think it's good that the Trump team is going to turn and maybe end with Bob Costello, because I think, Costello, who I peered on right after he showed up on Fox, I was really taken by his testimony.I think he is a great witness for Trump. He really destroys Cohen's story. But it would be good, I think, to end the defense right there.GALLAGHER: Yes.But what about the fact that the judge is really not letting Bob Costello talk a lot? I mean, there were so many objections, and most of them were sustained.YOO: You got to ask, how can this judge have, on the one hand, let the prosecutors lead Stormy Daniels all over the four corners of the earth without --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.YOO: Right -- limiting her prejudicial testimony, which had very little if any relevance to the actual legal charges here. And then, he's all over the defense witness that's questioning the credibility of the central -- right? Central evidence, the central witness that the prosecution puts on.But second, I think it might backfire because juries are going to, I think, be taken Costello, he has made a life time of work telling the truth to New York juries. They are going to wonder, why isn't the judge letting us hear what he has got to say?GALLAGHER: Yes. Yes. I mean, have you heard -- I mean, here we go. We could have closing arguments next week. John, they could rest tomorrow. The question here is, have you heard any evidence presented on the elements of the crime that we have talked about this unknown crime?YOO: I still think this is a constitutional violation of Donald Trump's rights because, right, the story is, these bookkeeping problems are only important because they are covering up some greater crime. We've not had any greater crime charged or proved. So, I think, you know, Trump -- I think is well within his rights to say, Judge, you shouldn't even let this go to a jury, you should dismiss this case. The prosecution has not carried its constitutional burden to prove its case without a reasonable doubt.But, of course, this judge is probably going to let go to the jury, but I think you got -- all you need is one juror to realize --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.YOO: That the prosecution has not shown the elements of the crime, and then, there will be a mistrial and a hung jury.GALLAGHER: We will see if that one juror appears. John Yoo, thank you. We appreciate your time, sir.Meantime, President Biden once again attacking conservatives and the MAGA crowd during a fiery commencement address in Atlanta.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with that story. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening. President Reagan had, of course, morning in America. President Obama had hope and change and, of course, President Trump has Make America Great Again.But critics argue that President Biden speech at Morehouse College over the weekend could best be summed up thusly. American democracy simply doesn't, hasn't, and won't work for black Americans. And that is a cut unless, of course, he is reelected.Among the Biden lines of discord and discouragement, "It's natural to wonder if the democracy you hear about actually works for you." And how about this? "What is democracy if a trail of broken promises still leave Black communities behind?"(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: That's my commitment to you. To show your democracy, democracy, democracy is still the way. If black matter being killed on the street, we bear witness. For me, that means to call out the poison of white supremacy, to root out systemic racism.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Now, some will say this is all boilerplate pandering, you know, aimed at the audience of men at a historically black college. And to be fair, Mr. Biden has suffered a sizable defection and support among black men, but others wonder is questioning their ability to compete and excel without fear in our favor. Is that an uplifting message? Or for that matter, is it even smart politics?This, as the latest battleground state surveys show, Biden's support among black voters, especially in swing states is way off by 28 points when compared to 2020? Mr. Trump obviously up way, way big or big lee.And with inflation, illegal immigration, and crime, all topping the list of concerns for black voters, it's the same for voters all across the spectrum, Trace. The real question is, is the message black voters and others heard over the weekend, one that will resonate or not? Back to you.GALLAGHER: Very good question. Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you.Well, tonight, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" has thoughts on yet another college commencement speech. This one, delivered by President Biden at Morehouse College in Atlanta, a traditionally black college. But instead of offering a speech filled with congratulations, good luck, and go get him, the president decided the graduates needed the more sober speech. Replete with heavy doses of gloom, doom and racial divide.Essentially, telling the graduates that democracy does not work for them, and their country hates them. Aside from that, Joe Biden pretty much covered the spectrum, telling them they would need to be 10 times better than anyone to get a fair shake.And if they stood in line to vote in Georgia, there would be no water available to them. The president didn't say who exactly was planning to withhold all of this democracy, love, jobs, and water? The "COMMON SENSE' thinks of recent history is any indication, it's a good bet that Mr. Biden, the very man who promised to unite the country is again, blaming MAGA Republicans. Is again, accusing half the country of being haters.It's a good thing the president is a liberal Catholic candidate in D.C. and not a conservative Catholic kicker in Kansas City. Because if Biden was Butker, "COMMON SENSE" thinks he'd be kicking for a brand-new team in the fall.Let's bring in J.L. Partners, polls director Scarlett Maguire, and Steamboat Institute fellow Kaylee McGhee White. It's great to have both of you on. Scarlett on set, which is great to see you for the first time.Kaylee, to you first, Bill Maher was on "GUTFELD!" tonight. He was asked about Biden speech and he said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, HOST, REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER, HBO: We're not in the past, I always keep saying, let's live in the year we're living in. We're not living in the year where you have to be 10 times better to succeed, if you're a person of color.We are not living in that world that he is talking about. And I don't think that helps anybody.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: What do you think, Kaylee? What was your take on the speech this weekend?KAYLEE MCGHEE WHITE, RESTORING AMERICA EDITOR, WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Well, I think back to even a couple of administrations ago to the Obama administration. Do you remember Barack Obama's famous campaign pitch, which was about hope?Think about how far Joe Biden has gotten from that message, which he ran on as vice president? And as Kevin mentioned, this is doom and gloom over and over again. And it's why he is losing minority voters faster than he loses his train of thought.Because people don't want a constant message of negativity. And they don't want the constant negativity that accompanies his policies.GALLAGHER: Yes. And she is right. I mean, the numbers here, Scarlett, you look at them, because this is Pew Research, voter preference among black voters. 18 to 49, Biden/ Lean Biden, 68 percent; Trump/ lean Trump 29 percent.I mean, you look at this April 13, those numbers have shifted in President Trump's direction here. And it's got to be very frightening for the Democrats.SCARLETT MAGUIRE, DIRECTOR, J.L. PARTNERS: Yes, absolutely. Yes, I think that speech made it look like that both Biden and his team were very panicked about this. They're worried about his base falling away, especially in this case, black voters.That margin is 59 points. Now, it's 85 points back in 2016. And if you think about where he was giving that speech, in Georgia.GALLAGHER: Right.MAGUIRE: If Black turnout drops by one percent in Georgia, Trump takes the state. So, I think they are very worried, and that's why they are acting like this.GALLAGHER: Yes. Especially, in battleground states. You're exactly right there. So, meantime, you have foxnews.com saying the following here, this is about Cardi B. Under Biden, Cardi B says, she felt, "layers and layers of disappointment from what she sees as domestic and foreign mismanagement. The cost of living is too high, wages are too low, and too little is being done about it, she says. I feel like people got betrayed."Cardi B has some sway. And the whole concept here is, I think Scarlett is right, Kaylee, is that, you know, you move one or two percent. it's a bigger number than that now. But you move one or two percent, and that is a huge impact.WHITE: Yes, and not that Cardi B has some stage of wisdom. But the sentiment that she is expressing here is actually common among all the demographics that Biden is losing right now, including minority voters, including working class voters, and including my demographic, young adults.And that is because she's right. He has betrayed them. He took them for granted. They turned out for him in 2020 by large margins. And what did he do? He turned around and implemented an agenda that certainly did not benefit them. But it did benefit his donor class, the rich, educated elites in Hollywood in New York City.GALLAGHER: Yes. And while the president was at that speech at Morehouse College, one of the graduate students called for a full ceasefire. And we'll play this sound and watch this because you can see President Biden actually clapping in this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DEANGELO FLETCHER, VALEDICTORIAN, MOREHOUSE COLLEGE: To call for an immediate and the permanent ceasefire in the Gaza Strip.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, that's the whole thing is, is that people say, oh, no, we're with Israel, but he wants a ceasefire. There is no talk at all, Scarlett, about bringing those hostages home, and Hamas needs to surrender. It's all about a ceasefire, and everybody needs to drop the thing. Israel just not going to do it.MAGUIRE: Well, no. And this is his worst forming issue. I mean, he's not -- it's not as if he's doing well on other things, either. You know, he's doing terribly on the economy and immigration, but his handling of the conflict with Israel and the Middle East is by far his worst rate of performance.I think now, what you're saying is he is trying to keep both sides happy.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.MAGUIRE: Because I've noticed he is losing and he is hurting everyone. No one is happy with how he's doing and that's why he's doing quite so badly.GALLAGHER: Yes, and I got to go, Kaylee. But I just want to get your take because, I mean, he really is. She is right. It's like you've got to play both sides. You got to make everybody happy, and that's not really the way elections work.WHITE: No. listen, the kids on college campuses who are screaming genocide Joe at Joe Biden are not going to change their minds about him. And so, the fact that he is trying to cater to this ideological fringe is just going to set his campaign up for disappointment come November.GALLAGHER: Yes. Kaylee McGhee White, Scarlett, thank you both for coming on. Great to see you.Meantime, the chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, now seeking arrest warrants for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, his defense minister and three Hamas leaders, accusing them of war crimes, and crimes against humanity for their actions during the seven-month war.GALLAGHER: Jeff Paul, just back from Israel is live with the very latest on this. Jeff, good evening.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. Yes. Well, the ICC chief prosecutor has requested arrest warrants for leaders of both Israel and Hamas, but at the moment, none face any sort of imminent arrest.And even if the warrants were approved, the ICC doesn't really have the power to enforce them, making the announcement more of a symbolic one.Now, Karim Khan, says when it comes to Israel, while they do have the right to defend its population, it does not absolve them of complying with international humanitarian law.He added, Israel's accused actions were part of a widespread and systematic attack against the Palestinian civilian population. Khan is accusing Israel of depriving civilians in Gaza of basic necessities of survival, such as food, water and medicine. And that Netanyahu and you'll have Golan shared responsibility.Netanyahu says he rejects with disgust the comparison of a democratic Israel to the mass murderers of Hamas. President Joe Biden calls the announcement, "outrageous".(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We reject the ICC's application for arrest warrants against Israeli leaders.Let me be clear, contrary to allegations against Israel made by the International Court of Justice, what's happening is not genocide.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: Now, a panel of three judges will ultimately decide whether or not to move forward with the arrest warrants. But we should mention, Israel is not a member of the court. So, Netanyahu and Gallant wouldn't be prosecuted. However, they could possibly face arrest if they travel abroad to a member state of the ICC.The U.S. is not one of them. We're also learning tonight, the state department is on the defense after it offered its condolences, in a statement, regarding the recent death of Iranian President Ibrahim Raisi, nicknamed, The Butcher of Tehran.When asked about it during a briefing, spokesperson Matt Miller said, historically, the U.S. has offered condolences when people like Hugo Chavez and Joseph Stalin died.He added that, in no way, does it undermine their views on the Iranian regime and its crimes against its own people. Trace.GALLAGHER: Jeff, thank you.Let's bring in retired U.S. Navy captain, search and rescue expert, Armen Kurdian; and The Foreign Desk editor-in-chief, Lisa Daftari. Thank you both for coming on. And we're going to get to the Iranian president in a minute. But I want to begin with Biden's take on the International Criminal Courts' arrest warrants. He said the following. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Let me be clear, we reject the ICC's application for arrest warrants against Israeli leaders.Whenever these warrants may apply, there is no equivalence between Israel and Hamas.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: No equivalence, he keeps saying, Armen, right?And that's the whole thing is he is not calling. We keep hearing this, but we're not getting the calls for surrender. We're not getting get those hostages out and we'll talk. None of that.ARMEN KURDIAN, RETIRED UNITED STATES NAVY CAPTAIN: It's very interesting, Trace. There's three things that jumped out at me about this declaration. First of all, it talks about a conflict between Israel and the Palestinian state, and Palestine is not recognized.GALLAGHER: Right.KURDIAN: Number two, these Palestine armed groups, which they call Hamas, an internationally recognized terrorist organization. And third, finally, why did it take them 37 years it started indicting Hamas leaders and like Hezbollah for lobbying rockets and missiles into populated centers of Israel.GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, all good points here. You know, the thing is, so, Biden is against the warrant for Netanyahu. He came out he said, he's against this thing. George Clooney is a huge Biden supporter. His wife, Amal Clooney, who is a human rights lawyer, a very well-known one is the one who instigated this International Criminal Courts warrant, saying the following. Quoting here, "Amal Clooney, wife of actor George Clooney, was among the experts who advise the ICC in seeking arrest warrants for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Hamas leader, Yahya Sinwar over alleged war crimes.It's interesting how this is all playing out here. And you're like, what -- what's going on here, Lisa.LISA DAFTARI, EDITOR-IN-CHIEF, THE FOREIGN DESK: Absolutely. And it's the pivot that Biden has made in recent months along with the state department that has given the ICC the goal to come out and make this statement. It is that daylight that has been created between the United States and Israel that gave them that breathing move.And to make that announcement on CNN, I mean, you have to be so cowardly not to make the trip to Israel, not to do your investigation.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.DAFTARI: And I tell you, for anyone who cares about a ceasefire or peace between these two sides, they would not come out and do this. The sooner the world can call out radicalism and terrorism, the sooner we will get to the bottom of this.To equate right Israel and Hamas is to not want peace.GALLAGHER: Right. It's a little bit baffling for me.Moving on to the Biden administration, the offering of condolences for the Iranian president who died in the helicopter crash. Here is Matt Miller, the state department spokesperson being questioned about this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, SPOKESMAN, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: It's a condolences on behalf of the United States government.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm not even sure why you're offering condolences if this guy was as bad as you say he was.MILLER: Because we regret any loss of life. We don't want see people die in helicopter crashes. It doesn't change our view of him.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you not you sending contradictory message?MILLER: Absolutely not.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: A condolences, an expression of sympathy, Armen. This guy was a horror show.KURDIAN: I'm really trying not to laugh here. But I suppose it's consistent with U.S. policy. Because back in 1994, Clinton offered their condolences when Kim Jong-il -- or Kim Il Sung died.GALLAGHER: Kim Il Sung, yes.KURDIAN: Yes.GALLAGHER: Kim Il sing (PH).KURDIAN: So, it's -- are we going to offer condolences that we killed, you know, Osama bin Laden or other terrorists were blown up?I mean, seriously, we're the United States of America. We don't offer condolences when people who are -- who have fled a 5,000 people on their hands.GALLAGHER: Yes. Biden, clear go. This is the last one the hill writes the following, quoting here, "The death of Iran's president could push it over the edge: Raisi's death comes at a sensitive time in Iran's domestic situation. What comes next in the country of 90 million?I got about 30 seconds to you.DAFTARI: Yes, we're going to have a different tyrant, same tyranny. That's really the short of it.GALLAGHER: Yes.DAFTARI: They will have some election in which they're 12 members of their Expediency Council will choose another terrorist, another butcher to take his place.GALLAGHER: Yes.DAFTARI: This doesn't change the regime. And that's the issue.GALLAGHER: Lisa, Armen, thank you both. Coming up, anti-Israel protesters now disrupting more graduation ceremonies, and a University in Philadelphia is now on lockdown as protesters refuse to disband their encampment, and in the NIGHTCAP, the defense and Trump's criminal trial may rest its case tomorrow, even though we still don't know the actual crime.Do you think he's got a chance in deep blue Manhattan with that jury? Let us know x and Instagram at Trace Gallagher. We are coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, another commencement ceremony at an elite university today and another anti-Israel protest. This time, hundreds of Yale seniors staged a walk out from their own graduation.Marianne Rafferty is live with that story. Marianne, good evening.MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes. Hi, Trace. Pomp, circumstance, and protests still continue on college campuses all over the country.Hundreds of students walked out of the commencement ceremony at Yale today, many of them waving Palestinian flags. Some graduates chanted, free Palestine, while the president of the prestigious university gave his address.That type of scene is not unique to Yale, however. Dozens of students also walking out of the George Washington University's Commencement ceremony. That was held at the foot of the Washington Monument in the nation's capital on Sunday.Take a listen to what happened just outside that ceremony.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I just graduated from G.W. University. I chose to walk out of commencement for all of us, and more importantly, for Palestine.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAFFERTY: And protests still continuing on some college campuses Drexel University in Philadelphia was put on lockdown after a resurgence and anti- Israel protests. The university's president, John Fry, calling for an immediate end to the encampment there, writing in a statement, "It has become increasingly clear that encampment protesters have created a hostile confrontational environment by subjecting passersby to antisemitic speech.The school is expected to begin a phase return to normal operations beginning on Tuesday.And Trace, even though school is almost out for the summer, the issue may not be going away.GALLAGHER: No, it's going to spread. We're going to see some in Brooklyn in just a minute, Marianne. Thank you for that.Let's bring in two of our more famous pro-Israel activists. The star of Netflix's "Skin Decision: Before and After", Dr. Sheila Nazarian and comedian, Zach Sage Fox. Thank you both for coming on.I know, Zach, you went out, you did some homework. You did some man on the street stuff for us. You talk to some college students. I want to play a little bit of that. And then, I'll get your take on this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ZACH SAGE FOX, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND FOUNDER, FAT CAMP FILMS: Which river? Which sea?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The sea of --FOX: So, you don't -- you don't what does Hamas say their number one goal is according to their charter?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They just wanted to free Palestine.FOX: To murder all Jews around the world.What does intifada revolution mean?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know what that means.FOX: But you've chanted it?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, we have done the same thing. You're talking about instructive. We've done the same thing. They don't know what they are talking about. And it really is kind of eye opening, Zach.FOX: Yes, 100 percent. We called the video Gaza graduation, and it got around 15 million views over the weekend. And I really think it resonated with people because you can see that, you know, essentially Jihad at these college campuses has become like a club, right?Like these kids don't really know what they're talking about and they're pretty much just going for the free vegan pizza and, you know, essentially becoming terrorist by trend. You know, this is just stuff they're seeing on TikTok. And unfortunately, we know TikTok suppresses this type of stuff. Just for example, this got about 12.5 million views on my Instagram. On TikTok, it got 12.5 thousand, 1200, that's it. Yes.GALLAGHER: It's kind of crazy. So FoxNews.com writes the following here, Dr. Nazarian: "UCLA prevented conservative students on campus from hosting the founder of Jihad Watch, Robert Spencer, for a pro-Israel event." So, it's fine to go on UCLA and set up an encampment and chant from the river to the sea, but having a conservative speaker? Oh, that's kind of a bridge too far.DR. SHEILA NAZARIAN, JEWISH IRANIAN-AMERICAN PLASTIC SURGEON: Yes, you know, it's basically like this whole idea of consistency. Like, they would never allow people to chant Jihad against any other minority. They don't suppress any sort of progressive liberal speakers, but they do. Can we just have some consistency on campus?GALLAGHER: And that's the whole thing, is you think if this was, and we had John Andrasik, who's a singer, Five for Fighting, was on here, and he spoke at UCLA because he's a graduate, and he said, if we came on campus and we did this anti-Muslim chant, you would walk us off the campus.NAZARIAN: 100 percent. And I have to say, all these kids walking off the commencement, or ripping up their diplomas like we talked about last week, you can order a new diploma for $65.00 and get it in the mail. If you really wanted to like stick it to the man, don't graduate. Drop out of school. But really, you're going to get your diploma and then walk off of commencement. I'm not impressed, and guess what, Palestine did not get freed.GALLAGHER: Yes. So, Campus Reform writes the following here, Zach, U.C. Berkeley building defaced with a swastika and other anti-Semitic graffiti. "Roughly 60 anti-Israel activists at the University of Cal-Berkeley invaded a vacant university building and sketched the inside walls with anti- Semitic graffiti, including a swastika."We are, this is a quote, "We are occupying the hall because saying free Palestine is not enough. You have to put action behind your words." And I think that's probably the scariest thing. You're like, what action are you talking about? Are you talking about just drawing swastikas, which is hateful enough? Or are you talking about taking a further step?FOX: Yes, 100 percent. I mean, the truth is that this is exactly what Hamas wants. I mean, they're calling this a genocide because it's the biggest knife stab to the Jews that they could possibly do, because the Jews went through the biggest genocide in human history.And so, they've just distorted the facts completely. They're trying to make it look like Hamas and the Israelis look like they're the same. But Hamas chops off babies heads. The only times Jews chop off a baby's head is in a circumcision. We're not the same.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's exactly right. And you know it's sad, but I listened to the first part of that. I've seen the video, so I know. I watched it. It was horrific and everybody should watch it. I guarantee you a lot of those students wouldn't chant nearly as much as they do. This is a Brooklyn protest.And of course, they are flying the Hamas flag. These were violent clashes by the way, we talk about it next step, but some of these had some very violent clashes, Sheila, for you to talk about because it's one of those things where it's moving off campus, it's moving into Brooklyn, it's going to move in other cities.NAZARIAN: Well, when they say globalize the Jihad, I mean this is what they mean. They're saying take the violence, the violent uprisings, and take it to the streets. This is what we're seeing. It should have been nipped in the butt on campus. It was not. These people feel empowered to now take it to the streets without any consequences.GALLAGHER: Yes, and I've got to go, Zach, but I just want to know, as you're looking at these pictures, if we can put them back up or whatever, it's important that we know that it's going to move off of the campuses here in a matter of weeks. It's going to move into the cities and you will see these, you know, these free zones all over the country.FOX: Oh, yes move over Taylor Swift because Hamas is on their new tour right now and that looks like it's going global, unfortunately, for all of us.GALLAGHER: Yes, Zach and Dr. Nazarian, thank you both. We appreciate it.FOX: Thank you so much.GALLAGHER: Meantime, coming up, drugs used for weight loss like Ozempic and Wegovy still rising in popularity. Our next guest says the craze is out of control right here in Los Angeles. Is that good or is it bad? Dr. Marc Siegel joins us live on set next.Plus, find out why passengers spent this flight to New York completely drenched. And meet the 90-year-old woman who currently has five world records under her belt. Today's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are next.Meantime, 8:34 on the West Coast. Here's a FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America. A live look, Oakland, California, the only city in the world to have a natural saltwater lake on one side. Now to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where this typewriter, or the typewriter, because there's no picture of it, was invented. And a live look at Detroit, Michigan, which is the bowling capital of the world, who knew?If you can't join us live, don't forget, set your DVR and watch us anytime. Within a few hours would be best, but anytime you want to.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, many Americans looking to lose a few pounds have turned to the apparent wonder drug called Ozempic. And in Beverly Hills the pill is plentiful. You can get it pretty much anywhere. But we're asking is that good news or is that bad news? Let's bring in Fox News Contributor Dr. Marc Siegel who joins us on set live in Los Angeles.Dr. Siegel it's great to have you on the show as always. I want to put this up on the screen because this is the stat from 2021 to 22 which is the last data we have in Los Angeles, 162 percent rise in Ozempic, and you know it's bigger than that now. And I'm wondering, as we ask the question, is that a good thing or is it a bad thing? What do you think?DR. MARC SIEGEL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think it's a great drug. I think it's a game changer. I think it overcomes insulin resistance, decreases inflammation in the body, allows you to process glucose. It's great for diabetics, which is what it was developed for in 2017. It's great for obesity because, Trace, I'm fighting the after-effects of obesity, like high blood pressure, like diabetes, like heart disease.So, this helps me a lot. But when I came to L.A. the other day, I couldn't believe what I'm seeing. You know why, it's up 160 percent? Because you can get it anywhere. You go, they go, come in, you have it by tomorrow, click here, go there, go to a tele-visit. You know, they try to keep the cost down, they get a bargain price.In New York, they got to go through pre-certifications, they got to go to me. And I don't like, I like tele-docs, but I don't like somebody you never see again. What if you have a problem? What if you get depressed over it? What if you have a G.I. problem? This drug is tremendous, and it's a shot by the way, but the pill is coming out soon. The pill will be here any day practically. I want doctors who really are studied in it to be prescribed.GALLAGHER: Do you worry about people taking Ozempic and not doing any exercise because now all of a sudden they're lean and they're looking great and who's got time for exercise?SIEGEL: Yes, because we have a huge problem in the United States with that to begin with. People don't exercise. People are eating ultra processed foods. You're not going to go on Ozempic and then start getting on the treadmill. So, I want people to work on lifestyle first. Are you on a Mediterranean diet? Are you exercising? Are you using olive oil? Start with olive oil before you go to Ozempic.GALLAGHER: Yes, is olive oil a weight -- why?SIEGEL: You know, it's a great replacement thing. It's got monosaturated fats, it's got antioxidants, and you can use it instead of margarine or butter. So, I'm pointing that as an example. A new study shows it keeps you alive longer -- olive oil.GALLAGHER: I wanted to play this, and I'm not really up your alley, but I thought it's important to put this out because the Pope was on "60 Minutes" last night, night and he said the following here watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)POPE FRANCIS, HEAD OF CATHOLIC CHURCH (through translation): The migrant has to be received. Thereafter, you see how you're going to deal with them. Maybe you have to send them back. I don't know. But each case ought to be considered humanely, right?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And the concept here is, is that you have people coming over the border. You know that they're not being checked. We have all these things we've talked about since COVID and the public saying you just got to let them in. Well, there's got to be law, there's got to be every, every free country has a border, and I'm wondering what you think about the Pope's statement last night.SIEGEL: OK. I hesitate to go against the Pope, of course. But I like better his line, the global, the globalization of indifference is a very ugly disease. He's right about that. Indifference. We have to care. We have to have passion. But Trace, I want sovereign borders and I don't like his idea. We have to receive them and then decide because 10 million have been received.GALLAGHER: Right.SIEGEL: It's destroying our country.GALLAGHER: Yes.SIEGEL: So, if people came into the Vatican, let's say, security would probably remove them if they didn't have a pass. I like his sentiment right about having a heart towards people that need it. We have to care, but we have to have a sovereign border.GALLAGHER: Meantime, we are learning that hepatitis is spreading among the homeless population in Los Angeles -- concern, or is it too early?SIEGEL: I'm concerned because if you're not vaccinated, if you're vaccinated against this, it prevents it. But a lot of the homeless people are not vaccinated against it. In Beverly Hills, just yesterday, someone got a food handler, got it in a whole food store. I'm concerned about this because, and not just hepatitis, because the homeless population is not washing their hands.They're living very close together. We're seeing tuberculosis spreading, we're seeing hepatitis, we're seeing resurgence of diseases that we haven't seen in a long time. So, this is going to be a growing problem. By the way, in New York, we have homeless shelters. Here we have more encampments, and they're not healthy. It's a public health emergency.GALLAGHER: Yes, we've heard that. Dr. Marc, great to have you on the show. Thank you for coming. Come to L.A. any time, come sit with us. We appreciate it.SIEGEL: Great to see you.GALLAGHER: Well, first up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS."Passengers on a JetBlue flight bound for New York were in for a shock when the cabin began to rain before takeoff. Apparently, the mist was caused by water condensing on air units and then coming in contact with cool surfaces inside the plane. While the mist is safe, I'm sure spending their flight cold and wet probably put a damper on the passengers' days.In Golden Gate, Florida, a wandering bear found its way into one resident's fridge during his search for a midnight snack. The homeowner's security cam caught the curious bear pawing around his garage. And when the furry creature didn't find his ideal snack in the fridge, he decided to check the trash cans as well, as you see.Emma Mazinga is the Usain Bolt of senior citizens. At the age of 90, she just broke her fifth running world record, her latest record being the fastest 200-meter run for a woman who is 90 and over, which she completed, by the way, in 51 seconds. Mazinga took up running at the age of 53 proving it's never too late to excel at something new.And if you have a viral video to share, why not share it with us, @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.And coming up, do you think Trump stands a chance with a Manhattan jury, even if the prosecution has seemingly failed to make its case or even clarify what the crime is? Let us know, X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We will read your responses in the "NIGHTCAP."But first on "FOX AND FRIENDS" tomorrow, Brian Kilmeade gets up close and personal with the latest in America's warfare tactics and technology live from Fort Liberty, North Carolina. DVR the show if you cannot catch it live. We're coming right back with the "NIGHTCAP."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Marianne Rafferty, Scarlett Maguire, Lisa Daftari, and Dr. Marc Siegel. Tonight's topic Trump on Trial.So, the defense in Trump's criminal trial could rest its case maybe tomorrow even though we still don't know the actual crime, we do know that the prosecution star witness Michael Cohen is a proven liar who has poked major holes in the case's credibility.Now, it might not go to the jury until next week but the question is, do you think Trump has a chance at a not guilty verdict with this deep blue Manhattan jury? Remember, you go back to Biden, you go back to Hillary Clinton in 2016, 80-plus percent voted for Hillary Clinton. So, the question, Kevin Corke, is any chance that Trump gets a fair jury or could be found not guilty?CORKE: Look, it's a criminal trial. So, yes, I think the chances are actually fairly decent. But no matter what, just remember these three words, appeal, appeal, appeal.GALLAGHER: Right.CORKE: No matter what happens, this is not the end of it.GALLAGHER: But I wonder, you go forward and you think, is the appeal process the most effective for him? Because everybody's going to label him as a convicted felon, whether the appeal happens or not. The appeal is likely to go in his favor, but what if it doesn't happen until after the election, Lisa Daftari? You wonder what happens then.DAFTARI: Yes, I don't think, I mean, he, I don't know if he'll be not guilty, but perhaps a mistrial. I don't think, I think anything short of a guilty verdict will be beneficial to Trump in the long run and I think that that's what we're looking at here. It's going to benefit Trump.GALLAGHER: Yes, and the jury you think that the jury is fair or you think it's really going to be tough to make get one person on this jury?DAFTARI: Super tough. I think it's going to be super, super tough, because I think people are very emotionally driven by how they feel about Trump it's not about the evidence it's not about the case, and I think that in New York you can have a, I mean --GALLAGHER: Yes. Scarlett Maguire.MAGUIRE: Yes, I mean, first, as I said, the vast majority of American voters are just not paying any attention to it anyway. I do think that's a chance thing, you know, beyond reasonable doubt is a very high threshold. And there are a couple of lawyers on the jury, hopefully, they'll be more concerned a process as well. I think, there's a chance.GALLAGHER: Yes. Marianne.RAFFERTY: I think you have to you know pull faith in the jury that maybe during their discussions, they're going to say, if we do this, if we find him guilty, every president after him could have the same thing happen to them. You just have to hope that that's what they're going to be discussing.GALLAGHER: Yes, Marc, last to you because you live in New York. Nobody knows the city better than Dr. Mark. And so, what do you think about this?SIEGEL: Well, you can call me naive, but I have to tell you, a lot of doctors go before juries in New York. I'm not one of them, luckily. And they do well. They're not judged politically. And I think Michael Cohen now, I will give you it's a separate session on what a pathological liar is medically but with Hope Hicks making the, the Trump situation look better and with Michael Cohen looking like a terrible witness, I think there's a pretty good chance he gets non guilty on this.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think there will be. I mean, somebody one person, there's a couple lawyers that are on the jury, and I think one of them is smart enough to say, yes, this case, there's no crime and they haven't proved their case.Do you think Trump has a chance at a not guilty verdict with this Manhattan jury? Yes. 66 percent on X, 82 percent on Instagram. So, that's pretty fair.Monkey Katie, "Unfortunately, NYC is predominantly Democratic and corrupt."Luke, "Maybe it's wishful thinking, but I have faith in humanity. Even New York Democrats."Leo, "Not guilty, no. But hung jury, yes. There must be at least one person of integrity among the twelve."Janice Perry, "Only an idiot would convict him. No chance of a conviction. What a waste."And Mike Montgomery says, "No, it's rigged against him."Nick, "No, he's going to be convicted in the sentence to house arrest that keeps him off the campaign trail, and makes him miss the debate."Thank you all for joining the "NIGHTCAP." Thank you for watching. And thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. We'll see you right back here tomorrow.