BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Fleet Week in its 36th year, will honor nearly 2300 military personnel from today through Monday, it's a great time. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Tomorrow, it's going to be a good show. The Ingraham Angle is next.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. A big and overdue declaration from Nikki Haley, more on that with Newt Gingrich in moments. But first, Biden's judicial snake. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, from day one, the Biden administration has put the Left's demand for diversity and activism above competence and merit.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: As you know, one of the biggest priority of the President is nominating and confirming extraordinarily qualified men and women who are dedicated to our Constitution and who represent the diversity of America.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right. Well, from the open borders for their push for transgenderism. The Democrats have relied on their handpick judges to validate these policies, regardless of the Constitution, the rule of law or just plain common sense of biology, which takes us to today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing to consider the nominations of several Biden appointees to key federal judgeships.Now, Democrats were hoping, I think to squeak these nominees through, all of them women, knowing that Americans don't really see much of these hearings. But today was a doozy and it was illustrative of the Democrat's perversion of Article 3 courts, because the public has a right to know how radical these nominees are, these clips are going to run a little bit longer than normal tonight, but this judicial nominee, Sarah Netburn was questioned by Senators John Kennedy and Ted Cruz.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): You went to Brown University. Is that right?SARAH NETBURN, BIDEN'S JUDICIAL NOMINEE: I did.KENNEDY: And then you went to law school in California.NETBURN: That's correct.KENNEDY: And you've worked for the Brennan Center.NETBURN: I interned. I was a law student intern.KENNEDY: OK. And you worked for the Center for Reproductive Law and Policy?NETBURN: I was a law student intern there for eight weeks during my 1L summer.KENNEDY: OK. And you are a political activist, aren't you?NETBURN: I am not. I am a sitting United States magistrate judge.KENNEDY: OK. All right. Do you remember an inmate named William McClain, also known as July Justine Shelby?NETBURN: Yes, I know who you're referring to.KENNEDY: OK. Mr. McClain raped a child. Didn't he?NETBURN: 30 years ago, the petitioner and the habeas case before me --KENNEDY: Did he rape a child?NETBURN: He pled guilty to that crime. Yes, it's abhorrent.KENNEDY: And then he raped a 17 -- he raped a little boy, right?NETBURN: I believe that's correct. I believe he pled guilty to two acts of sexual violence.KENNEDY: And then he raped a 17-year-old girl, right?NETBURN: Again, this case was handled by the state court in Indiana, but I believe --KENNEDY: I'm just asking you the facts.NETBURN: I believe --KENNEDY: Don't stall on me now. Did he rape a 17-year-old girl or not after raping a nine-year-old boy?NETBURN: I believe that's what he pled guilty to.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That was a weird smile that she had just there. Then he went to prison, this individual for that offense. And sometime after that, he decided he wanted to wear dresses. A trans woman now who liberals like Sarah Netburn believe are members of a protected class who deserves special accommodations.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KENNEDY: And then he decided to transition, and he became a female and started going by July Justine Shelby, is that right?NETBURN: Yes.KENNEDY: And Ms. Shelby said, I don't want to go to a male prison. I want to go to a female prison. And the Board of Prisons said, what planet did you parachuted in from? You're going to a male prison with this kind of record. And you sent him to a female prison. Didn't you? You said that the Board of Prisons was trying to violate Ms. Shelby, former Mr. McClain's constitutional rights, didn't you?NETBURN: I issued a report and recommendation to the district judge recommending that the district judge transfer the petitioner to a women's facility. The district judge adopted that recommendation --KENNEDY: You said that Board of Prisons was trying to violate Ms. Shelby's, Mr. McClain's constitutional rights, didn't you?NETBURN: So, I based my decision on the facts that were presented to me in the record.KENNEDY: But it wasn't that you're ruling?NETBURN: I recommended finding that under Estelle versus Gamble --KENNEDY: Why wouldn't you admit that was your ruling? Are you ashamed of it?NETBURN: I'm not, I'm answering the question. I applied Estelle versus Gamble --KENNEDY: Was that your ruling?NETBURN: My recommendation was that the petitioner's serious medical needs were being denied by keeping her in a men's facility.KENNEDY: A violation of the Eighth Amendment, right?NETBURN: That's correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. Cruel and unusual punishment, the Eighth Amendment applies to that. Now, this is the type of warped thinking that encapsulates the modern-day Democrat Party. These are the types of people they want making decisions not just on prison transfer cases, which are outrageous enough, but on critical issues that affect all Americans, like whether EV mandates are constitutional, whether student loan forgiveness is constitutional, and even whether illegal aliens have the right to vote. Behold the legal reasoning of this nominee when questioned by someone who actually knows how to get answers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KENNEDY: How big was Ms. Shelby, Mr. McClain?NETBURN: I don't have a specific recollection. Your colleague just suggested that she was more than six feet tall.KENNEDY: And you told the Board of Prisons, well, she'll be OK that the other women in the female prison will be OK, because it's only hypothetical that Ms. Shelby, Mr. McClain would reoffend again, after he's already raped a nine-year-old boy and a 17-year-old girl and has been sending child porn through the mail. You said there's no chance to reoffend again. Did you say that?NETBURN: Senator Kennedy, I based my decision on the record --KENNEDY: But am I right? Did you -- did you conclude that?NETBURN: I don't have a specific recollection of that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Then Ted Cruz stepped in and got to the heart of the matter.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): This case demonstrates that you are willing to subjugate the rights of individuals to satisfy your political ideology. And this individual. six foot two, biologically a man, a minute ago, you said that when this man decided that he was a she, you said this individual was, quote, I wrote it down, sober and entirely a female. That phrase struck me as remarkable. Did this individual had male genitalia?NETBURN: I think what I said earlier --CRUZ: That is a verbatim quote, entirely a female.NETBURN: Sorry, what I meant to say was hormonally a female.CRUZ: OK, but that's not entirely. Did this individual have male genitalia?NETBURN: Yes.CRUZ: So, you took a six foot two, serial rapist, serial child rapist with male genitalia and he said, you know, I'd like to be in a women's prison. And your answer was that sounds great to me. Let me ask you something. The other women in that prison, do they have any rights?NETBURN: Is that a question for me?CRUZ: Yes. The other women in that prison, do they have any rights?NETBURN: Of course.CRUZ: Do they have the right not to have a six foot two man who is a repeat serial rapist put in as their cellmate?NETBURN: Senator Cruz, I considered the facts presented to me and I reached a decision --CRUZ: I asked you a question.NETBURN: -- based on what the law says.CRUZ: I asked you a question. Senator Kennedy is right. This is not a judge's order. This is a political activist. By the way, the beginning of your order, says at birth, people are typically assigned a gender. I've got to say that would astonish a lot of Americans, assigned a gender. I know you went to Brown, but it sounds like it's in a college faculty lounge with no bearing on reality.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Bingo. The Bureau of Prisons had decided it was wrong to transfer this prisoner, a six foot two male, biological male, but the magistrate didn't care.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CRUZ: You wrote, quote, the Bureau of Prisons claimed penological interest in protecting female prisoners from sexual violence and trauma. This interest is legitimate. That's kind of you to say, but there are no signs that petitioner is at risk of reoffending. A theoretical risk of sexual assault by the prisoner without more cannot support the BOP's position. In what universe is someone who is a serial repeat child rapist, not at a risk of reoffending, is clear on your record. Your political ideology matters a heck of a lot more than the rights of those women that you endangered. I think you're a radical, and I think you have no business being a judge.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The Democrats on the committee knew their nominee had been exposed. So, the chair tries to clean it all up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There was an opportunity during your exchange with Senator Cruz that you were attempting to offer a response.NETBURN: The facts that were presented to me and what I relied on to make my decision or that the petitioner had engaged in no violence, no physical violence, no acts of sexual violence whatsoever while in custody. All three wardens who supervised the petitioner requested that she be transferred to a women's facility because of her serious medical needs.What the Transgender Executive Council repeatedly said in denying the request was simply that she needed to maintain her hormone levels. Her hormones were entirely female at that point and so, the decision by the Transgender Executive Council to deny the transfer request based on this idea that it was only because her hormones needed to be consistent and stabilized. I found was a pretext. But they never once said she cannot be transferred because of violence.KENNEDY: With respect, you allow the witness to go at length and to change her testimony without her being subjected to cross-examination. Are you going to allow us to have a second round of questioning?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, no, Senator Kennedy,KENNEDY: What are you trying to cover up here?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There is no cover up and Mr. Padilla, Senator Padilla, you'll be allowed the 30 seconds.KENNEDY: Well, I think --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Senator Kennedy --KENNEDY: -- we should have a second round.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Senator Kennedy.KENNEDY: And I am appealing the ruling of the chair.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Have no intention on allowing a second round of questioning. This is a hearing; I have the gavel --CRUZ: Chair tries so hard to protect a witness and avoid answering why she just lied on the stand with her own words, her own opinion.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I love the staffer whispering get out of this as soon as possible. Oh, my goodness. Then Hazy Maizie comes in for the rescue attempt of the novice chair.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MAZIE HIRONO (D-HI): We have been witnessed, literally witnessed badgering and now badgering of the chair. Some of us would like to get on with this hearing.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm sure you would.HIRONO: Can we get on with it, Madam Chair?CRUZ: So, does every Democrat Senator want to cover up the facts here? Is any Democrat senator --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can we return to -- Senator, we'll be returning to Senator Padilla's question, or we will adjourn today's hearing.CRUZ: -- Democrat senator to cover these up. You want to adjourn, go ahead. You can do that.(CROSSTALK)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Don't let the facts get in the way of decision making. We saw that at the Trump trial. All right. Then after the Democrats were caught trying to sneak this pro-trans radical on the court. They returned to the cliches of their most cherished value.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The value, not just the importance, but the value of diversity in our judiciary, clearly each bring tremendous both life as well as professional experience, which I think strengthens the judiciary when more perspectives are considered.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: This hearing was fantastic, because it demonstrated once again how vital it is that Biden not be given four more years to destroy the integrity of another American institution, the federal courts, my goodness, hasn't he done enough damage already?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): Reaching 200 judges is a major milestone, simply put, our 200 judges comprised the most diverse slate of judicial nominations under any president in American history.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, in Biden's first term, remember, they've lost huge cases, because the hard Left doesn't yet control the judiciary. But as we saw today, they're doing everything possible to get there. And if they do, you're going to find that criminals will be treated better than most law- abiding Americans, and traditional Christians, they'll be totally run over.To stop this unconstitutional madness, that that hearing was staggering. We need a Republican Senate, and we need to put Donald Trump back in the White House. And that's the Angle.Joining me now to the 2024 breaking news tonight, Nikki Haley has made her announcement.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), FORMER GOVERNOR OF SOUTH CAROLINA: I put my priorities on a president who's going to have the backs of our allies and hold our enemies to account. Who would secure the border? No more excuses. A president who would support capitalism and freedom. A president who understands we need less debt, not more debt. Trump has not been perfect on these policies, but Biden has been a catastrophe. So, I will be voting for Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Backhanded, but Nikki Haley saying, she is voting for Trump, the Republican Party is now firmly united behind him. Joining me now, Newt Gingrich, former Speaker of the House and Fox News Political Analyst. Newt, Nikki comes home.NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think this is a very important moment because she was the last hope of the Never Trump-ers, and I think what she has said is pretty clear. If your choice is Biden or Trump, no one who cares about the future of the country can be for Biden, and I think she will be an asset at the convention, she'll be an asset on the campaign trail.And I think she's going to give a lot of people a sense that they're going to be with her in supporting President Trump. So, I think in terms of unifying the Republican Party, this was a very, very important day.INGRAHAM: Newt, should President Trump, former President Trump invite her to Bedminster for a meeting or a chat, just to kind of put all the ill will behind them and you know, be magnanimous?GINGRICH: Well, he can, and he can also invite her to give a speech at the convention. I mean, he has many ways to reach out to her. And I think -- I do think that unifying the country as it becomes clearer and clearer that President Trump is going to win, and that he will be president. I think, at some point, turning to the idea of, how do we bring people together, so we can actually govern for the next four years is important. And I think that Nikki Haley can be a part of that.INGRAHAM: Now, Newt, more evidence tonight that voters don't believe Trump is a threat to democracy. Of course, that was the big hope of the Democrat Party. This from The Washington Post tonight, Biden's team is aware that it's struggling to engage young and black voters. But polling suggests that a central element of his campaign pitch that democracy is under threat and this election is a referendum our political system simply is not engaging those voters as he might have hoped.Newt, what on earth can he argue now. That's not working. I guess the student loan giveaway or the pot or the -- you know what?GINGRICH: Well, here's the problem Biden faced, Bidenflation is eating up the young, you go to work, and then you go to the grocery store, you buy gasoline, you can't afford to buy a house, you may be living literally from paycheck-to-paycheck or from credit card-to-credit card. And Biden wants you to be worried about something that you think is baloney.The objective reality is that Donald Trump who appears before thousands and thousands of people who clearly has a nationwide base that loves him and wants him to be president. If you looked at how pathetic Biden was in New Hampshire, for example, where they couldn't even fill up a small room. And when they did, the people who were there, somebody said, they might as well have said, bingo, because it looked like a group that had gotten together for the local church bingo program.I think the average person including many, many African American males, who are now drifting towards Trump, many Latinos where I think Trump will get an absolute majority. And I think, again, when you go out and you talk with suburban women, who the media was sort of counting on for Biden, they're looking at the border, they're looking at things like what you just showed, some woman who wants to put a serial rapist into a women's prison. And they're thinking, you know, do I feel safe enough to take a risk on Biden and Harris.And remember, a vote for Biden, very likely is a vote for Harris to become president. And I think faced with that, very high percent of the country, in the end is going to say well, I just can't do it.INGRAHAM: No wonder James Carville is so upset these days. Newt, great to see you. Thanks so much.All right, Anthony Fauci's former advisor involved in a major scandal and yes, it involves COVID. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Oh, Anthony Fauci sold by the media as the calming reassuring face of the government's COVID response. It was apparently a pinup boy. Remember that, with the glasses. You don't survive almost five decades in government without knowing how to thwart accountability or at least tweak it when you need to.And now some explosive new email showing a top NIH advisor brazenly deleting records and use the secret backchannels to help Fauci keep damning evidence, secret regarding the origins of COVID and our own government's perhaps involvement in the funding of gain-of-function research.NIH Senior Advisor, Dr. David Morens, is now being accused of improperly conducting official government business from his private email account. And soliciting help from the NIH's Freedom of Information Act office to dodge record requests.Now, Morens wrote in a February 2021 email, I learned from our FOIA lady here how to make emails disappear after I'm FOIA-ed, but before the search starts, plus, I deleted most of those earlier emails after sending them to Gmail. Deleted emails, government account, and he emphasized again in a November 2021 email, I ask you both that nothing gets sent to me, except to my Gmail. And well, Hill Republicans jumped on this, clearly unethical conduct, what happened next?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You wrote that, you connected a reporter to Dr. Fauci via your secret back channel. What back channel did you have for, Dr Fauci?DR. DAVID MORENS, NIAID SENIOR SCIENTIFIC ADVISOR: Well, all these terms like secret back channel and the other one you mentioned were just jokes.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So, my kids do when I make -- they pretend to laugh. It's funny. Well, let's take a look at some of the more hilarious emails, April 2021. There's no worry about FOIAs. I can either send stuff to Tony on his private Gmail or handed to him at work or at his house. He's too smart to let colleagues send him stuff that could cause trouble. Tony too smart. But today, at the hearing, well, the same individual suggested his colleagues weren't smart at all.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MORENS: I said to him, as I said several times to him, why are you sending it on my government email, this is not government business. It's your personal thing about your state of mind, about your security arrangements. I'm sorry, I'm getting this echo here and I just -- let me -- turn off my microphone.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Echoing the entities of the Tony Fauci world. Maybe his microphone should have been turned off. Morens deleted all emails related to the origin of the COVID virus. Now, why is that? June 28, 2021, delete all of Peter's emails and others relating to origin when the blank started hitting the fan. Mine was deleted long ago, and I feel pretty sure that Tony's was too, the best way to avoid FOIA hassles is to delete all my emails, when you learn a subject is getting sensitive.All right, June 16, 2020, we're all smart enough to know to never have smoking guns. And we did -- if we did, we wouldn't put them in emails. And if we found them, we delete them. Morens told one congressman today, this was all big mix up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MORENS: I've obviously made mistakes. I've mixed up emails and Gmails. And that's caused me to do little things you mentioned, bring discredit on myself and on the government. I don't know what to say. I've apologized. I regret that. I think it's -- I wish I could take it back. But I can't.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: You know it's bad when even staunch Democrats knew not to even try defending this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. KWEISI MFUME (D-MD): I think you're going to be haunted by your testimony today. And it's unfortunate, it's all on the record. It doesn't make a lot of sense to many of us, certainly not to me.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Ohio Congressman Brad Wenstrup, Chair of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic. Congressman, seems like the BS monitor was going off both sides of the aisle today with that testimony.REP. BRAD WENSTRUP (R-OH): It really was and the contradictions between his previous transcribed interview and what we have found in these emails that he thought maybe he got rid of, that we haven't been able to get, not only his official ones, but his Gmail. And it's unbelievable the message he tries to give out today that I didn't know these were official, but you were talking about NIH, you were talking about --INGRAHAM: Well, he was deleting it. Let me just make it clear for the people watching, OK, because you're a congressman, you have to be diplomatic, I don't have to be so diplomatic. He was deleting damaging information. He was deleting information that would have made Tony Fauci and the entire office most likely look really bad, because of either what they knew about the gain-of-function research, who was funding it, and whether U.S. tax dollars were going toward it. That's what it was going on here from the beginning.WENSTRUP: And two things that were in the emails that we found. One, he says, we have to protect Tony. The other thing he says is, Tony doesn't want his fingerprints over any of this stuff to do with origins of COVID. So, it tells you right there what he was doing and working outside the box illegally. And we're pursuing this in every aspect, and he's dead to rights today. And you saw it was a bipartisan thing. They could not avoid in trying to defend --INGRAHAM: And people were trying to tease Rand Paul, you know, when he was taken on Fauci, oh, Rand Paul is jumping down the throat on America's doctor and all that. But it turns out that Rand Paul was really on to this early on. I mean, we were on the Angle, we called -- we called what we knew was going on with Fauci and he was making excuses for the Chinese in February of 2020 on this program.WENSTRUP: Oh, yes.INGRAHAM: I said, why don't we have those documents? He was like, oh, they're good people, researchers, basically, I'm paraphrasing are good people in China. So, he wouldn't -- he didn't want to touch that China angle. Why do you think?WENSTRUP: Well, because he was involved with it. And we were funding gain- of-function research in China, which is actually what the former NIH director, temporary director, Mr. -- Dr. Tabak, he said, we were funding gain-of-function research in China. So, if you're doing this, you want your hands taken off of this. And so, which also would explain why Dr. Fauci early on, on the White House lawn came out and said, look, we have the scientists that said it came from nature, it settled.It wasn't at all settled. And we knew that from the beginning. When I learned during lockdown. When I started investigating COVID and I saw that there was the possibility of creating a chimera, a gain-of-function virus. I knew we were in trouble.INGRAHAM: Yes. Well, Congressman, thank you for continuing to pursue this. We should never let this go until we get the real answers.WENSTRUP: Thank you.INGRAHAM: All right. What is Biden hiding? Governor Glenn Youngkin demanding answers after foreign nationals broke into a U.S. military base in Virginia. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: What is the Pentagon's reaction to two Jordanian nationals caught breaking and entering a U.S. Marine Corps base in Quantico?UNKNOWN: So, I am aware of those reports. I just don't have more information for you.UNKNOWN: So, going to be really mindful of these two Jordanians that you're speaking of, remain in ICE custody. And given that it is an active law enforcement matter, so I would have to refer you to ICE. I just can't dive into this.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: This is classic Stonewalling. ICE answers. Last time I checked, I kind of know the chain of command answers to the president. Were these Jordanian men here in the United States illegally or not? KG -- JP, it's been five days now since we learned about the disturbing incident, but still nothing from the White House?Joining me now, Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin. Governor, you sent a letter to President Biden demanding answers, saying, quote, "the federal government's silence on the immigration status of the individuals involved reiterates the gravity of your failure to secure the southern border." Any response?GOV. GLENN YOUNGKIN (R-VA): None. But let's just be clear. Joe Biden has brought the border crisis literally to the front gate of Quantico Marine Corps.INGRAHAM: What were they doing? They were trying to drive a box through the gate?YOUNGKIN: I mean, what we know, at least reported, are two Jordanian illegal immigrants --INGRAHAM: -- video.YOUNGKIN: -- were driving a box truck through a secure gate. And luckily, they were stopped.INGRAHAM: Well, again, this begs the question. We have millions of people in the country illegally. We've had at least two million by official counts, probably a lot more, got-aways. We don't know who these people are, what their intentions are. We have tens of thousands of Chinese nationals have come into the country.A lot of defense experts believe they're, you know, sleeper agents for the CCP. And we're supposed to all just say, oh, yeah, isn't this wonderful, diversity. Great.YOUNGKIN: Well, this is the fourth incident in just the recent past, two in Virginia, two in California, where there's been attempted breaches of our most classified and important defense installations in America.And this is what we've got from Joe Biden, a failed border policy. And as a result, not just drug crisis, not just young women being sexually assaulted or murdered, but now we're seeing assaults and breaches at our most secure military installations. It is failed.And listen, Laura, at the end of the day, what this proves, once again, is that the most, most important topic on Virginians mind and on Americans mind is border security. And that's why we have to elect Donald Trump this November. He will, in fact, fix this.Joe Biden could fix it with a stroke of a pen tomorrow. He's refusing to do it. He's putting Americans lives at risk and he's putting our national security at risk. And this can be fixed with a stroke of a pen. And he refuses to do it.INGRAHAM: Well, apparently the -- we learned today that the rank and file didn't learn about this for almost two weeks, so they weren't even informing the men and women on base.Your reaction to Nikki Haley saying that she will vote for President Trump, your reaction to that?YOUNGKIN: Well, I think that there'll be a lot of people are going to vote for President Trump. It's this exact issue, which is when you see a failed economy from weak leadership, when you see failed foreign policy from weak leadership, and you see a border that is, in fact, exposing not just everyday Americans, but our military bases to these kinds of breaches, Americans want strength. They don't want weakness.And we're all going to come together and elect Donald Trump, the next president of the United States.INGRAHAM: I look forward to seeing what happens next year on that short list of -- the lists of the president's potential V.P.'s. I know you're not going to answer it, but -- you're smiling. I'm looking at the smile. Well, you endorsed Trump a while ago.YOUNGKIN: I did. I came out and endorsed him and said I would enthusiastically support him. I think Virginia's in play and here's why. In 2021, Virginia's made a decision for common sense, conservative leadership.We, in fact, have proven that it works. Virginians like it and they see the economy that Donald Trump built in his previous presidency, and they see the one that we built in Virginia. They want more of it. They want leadership. And that's why I think Virginia is in play this year.INGRAHAM: Governor Youngkin, we look forward to it. Thank you so much. Good to see you as always.All right. Some big news tonight about the future of the Republican Party, as we were talking about just now. Will it help Donald Trump? He's already ahead. We're going to explain it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: You heard what Governor Youngkin just said. The GOP is officially united behind Donald Trump. The big news today that Nikki Haley said she will vote for Donald Trump. Now, recall the Angle told Nikki Haley to drop out after Iowa and endorse him. But hey, better late than never.The fact is, the new GOP coalition is majority populist. And that caused some friction, not just with Haley, but with its own Senate leadership.A man who wants to turn the page from the McConnell-era joins us now. Florida Senator Rick Scott just announcing he is running for GOP Senate leader. Senator, first, what's your reaction to the Haley news?SEN. RICK SCOTT (R-FL): About time. I don't know what took so long. I mean, he's our nominee. Everything was up --INGRAHAM: Presumptive nominee. It's not official, but it's basically --SCOTT: Yeah, nominee. And think about, border was secure. We didn't have inflation. We weren't at war. This is pretty easy. Why doesn't everybody back him? I tell you, in Florida, I've been all around the state doing grassroots because I'm up to cycle. Everybody's for Trump. Everybody's for Trump. All the grassroots for Trump.INGRAHAM: Now, it's kind of obvious he's going to -- he has a good chance of winning again, winning the presidency. So, I guess, come on. But it's a good sign because, you know, she does represent a part of the party and we want everyone together.So, you've announced that you're running for GOP leadership in the Senate. Why do you think, you know, this is going to work? Cornyn, John Cornyn from Texas, he's like McConnell's handpicked successor and establishment favorite. So then, you come along, and what are you offering?SCOTT: We want to see -- we need to see change. I talked to Trump about this today. He says he's excited I'm getting into the race. Think about debt, the border, everything. When we've been allowing this to happen. I am a change agent.I was a change agent in business. I did turnarounds. I changed Florida, and we're going to change the Senate. And we're going to do -- we're going to be the Senate that helps Donald Trump get his conservative agenda.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Because you can't have a Senate that works against Donald Trump, I mean, or that works with, heaven forbid, and I say with a Biden in a second term, that would be a complete disaster.To your point, Senator, last night on CNN, Senator Lankford of Oklahoma, who pushed that so-called border security bill --SCOTT: Immigration bill.INGRAHAM: Yeah, immigration bill, the amnesty bill with Schumer, was asked about this resurrection of the bill that already died. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You said that you will vote no on this bill, even though, of course, we all know about the efforts that you put into it. Why are you voting no on Thursday?UNKNOWN: It's no longer a bill. Now it's a prop. Everyone knows that this bill is not going to pass. And Senator Schumer is bringing back up to try to bludgeon people. This is not a bipartisan attempt to be able to solve something. This is a partisan attempt for fundraising or for whatever attempt they're trying to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, Senator Lankford is a lovely person. I really like him personally. And we tried to warn him that Marco Rubio got into the same mess in 2013, and he saw the light on immigration.But again, we need senators that are smarter than this, pushing all this spending, driving inflation, as they did with that bipartisan spending bill with Biden that they agreed to.SCOTT: Conservative voters want us to stand for something, stand for something. Like, let's stand and fight over the border. Let's stand and fight over spending. Let's stand and fight over making sure Israel gets soaped. But we don't waste all that --INGRAHAM: How about no more omnibus nightmare bills that you all seem to consider? Not you. I mean, you don't want to put those -- throw everything in the pot and then no one can see it for the last second.SCOTT: No amendment votes. So, I did a letter to all my colleagues and here's what I committed. We're not doing anymore. We're going to have a real appropriations process. We're going to -- we're going to figure out how to balance the budget.I balance the budget every year as governor. We shouldn't be able to do it here. You have to do it in your personal life. Every business does --INGRAHAM: Let's not go that far. I don't know. Senator, we're going to be watching this very closely and the winds of change are in the air. So, we're going to be hoping for good outcomes. Thank you.All right. A pop singer targets Harrison Butker's commencement. But should he mind his manners? And the White House targets Gen Z in the worst possible way. Seen and Unseen with Raymond is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for Seen and Unseen where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. Raymond, good to see you in person.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Good to be back.INGRAHAM: All right. People just can't seem to let go of this Harrison Butker commencement speech. Now a 90's kind of throwback grunge musician. He's ticked off.ARROYO: Yeah. Laura, not since Dumbledore addressed the last class at Hogwarts as a commencement generated this kind of publicity. Now, Eddie Vedder of Pearl Jam during a Vegas show decided to riff on Harrison Butker, because we were all waiting for it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: He was telling them, don't forget to puff up your chest and be more masculine. Don't lose your masculinity. The irony was that when he was saying that, he looked like such (BLEEP). It's nothing more masculine than a strong man supporting a strong woman. People of quality do not fear equality.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, the real irony is, Butker is a strong man supporting a strong woman, his wife and millions of women who embrace motherhood. I don't see why an additional opinion, mainly that you can work outside the house or be a homemaker, is suddenly so controversial. He didn't say you had to be in the kitchen. Contrary to what's being advertised.INGRAHAM: I think he was mad at us at one point during the radio era.ARROYO: Who, Eddie Vedder?INGRAHAM: I can't remember. But he's such a person of great quality. Here he is demonstrating his devotion to women back in 2003.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There's some little coquette down here who thinks she's getting us excited up here by pulling her top up and showing me absolutely nothing.By the way, little lady, I'm just not turned on by that little thing. I'm into much harder core stuff. I actually like to (BLEEP) little girls' heads just like you. That's what turns me on.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: This is a delightful character witness. I mean, Harrison Butker should be happy that Eddie Vedder is criticizing him. If that's what manhood and respect for women look like.INGRAHAM: No, well, I'd say shut up and sing. But I don't want to hear him saying.ARROYO: Leave it aside. Look, today, the Chief's coach, Andy Reid, was asked about this flap. Here's what he said about the kicker's comments.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: With so many women just on staff here in the building. I mean, his comments kind of touched on one of the work-force. I mean, what do you tell them if they come to you with a concern about players speaking ill of, you know, women in general?UNKNOWN: Yeah, that hasn't happened. I don't think he's speaking ill to women, but he has his opinions and we all respect that. I let you guys in this room and you have a lot of opinions that I don't like.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: I love that. And, you know, today, Patrick Mahomes also came out and said, Butker is a man of great character, every day. And we stand with him.INGRAHAM: Everyone should know this about the sports media, with the exception of Outkick and a few outliers. They are more liberal than MSNBC. I mean, they are far to the left of most of the liberal talking heads on TV. I don't know why sports media became so left-wing. It's totally out of touch with most of its own audience.ARROYO: It's one thing if he were saying something controversial. Harrison Butker, if you listen to the context of the comments, it's ridiculous.INGRAHAM: All right. I got to get in to politics.ARROYO: OK, all right.INGRAHAM: Did you see the Biden campaign job they've actually posted. They're looking for a meme managers at Memoir-Meme for the Biden campaign. The job description says you will initiate and manage day to day operations in engaging the Internet's top content and main pages.The ideal candidate for this role is passionate about bringing political content to voters or they already are on the Internet.ARROYO: You want me to translate that for you? We are in trouble with young voters, which, according to CNN, Trump is winning by 11 points. Maybe if we produce some dark brand and content, we can win them back. I doubt if that will work.INGRAHAM: I mean, they're still looking for staff.ARROYO: Well, you need to reach the young and say, look --INGRAHAM: A job in the Biden --ARROYO: It's not the memes, Laura. It's the candidate. Young people like the rest of us are seeing the clips of the president last night.INGRAHAM: -- buy anything.ARROYO: Well, unbeknownst to anyone in New Hampshire, the president had an event last night here. I've seen more people at a Girl Scouts information meeting, proctologist waiting rooms had more people than Biden could attract, and once he started talking about the Pact Act, half of them probably wish they were at the proctologist's office. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: So, I signed the Pact -- Pact Act into law. Many of the fittest, best trained warriors we've ever seen. We saw like a 911 fighters -- firefighters. They were incredibly helpful in making my case.The law is it -- Look, the bottom line is people not being sure we'd get it done without a lot of complication.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Pack a lack, a fact, a lack, a crack, a lack --(CROSSTALK)ARROYO: What is he talking about? But again, young people see this. You want to know. They say, oh, it's because we're not giving them enough or there's not enough social media. It's because Biden can't talk.INGRAHAM: But it's not just that. The policies don't work. If Biden couldn't talk and people had money in their pockets, and gas was $2.19 a gallon, they wouldn't care that he couldn't talk. They'd be like, yeah, he can't talk, but I feel good.ARROYO: But I feel great. My house --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: And the country is going down the tubes and people can't buy a house, as news said.ARROYO: None of it work.INGRAHAM: Now, Raymond, I've noticed that the Biden campaign is also trying to mimic this Trump strategy of visiting local business.ARROYO: Yeah, there's only one problem. Trump goes and visits these businesses. In the case of the Biden campaign, they send Kamala Harris. Here she is in Philly yesterday to a cheesesteak joint. The word of the day is community.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Our small business leaders, our civic leaders, community leaders, gives to the community, understand the community. I am hungry. OK. So, I'm going to have -- I want a cheesecake. Are you OK if I do with provolone? So, I think that's OK, right? I can still walk out with respect. Yeah, OK.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: They're probably thinking, Laura, what community is she talking about? She said, I hope I have the respect when I leave after ordering this. Is she sure she had their respect to begin with?It's always awkward. She never really connects. Trump's magic is he can interact with anybody. He goes to them and he draws the best out of them. He's more fun.INGRAHAM: It's fun to say Trump's fun.ARROYO: He's fun.INGRAHAM: He's fun to watch. And even if you don't agree with him, you're like, OK, I want to watch --ARROYO: Yeah, it's a good time.INGRAHAM: All right. Raymond, great to see you in studio. That's it for us tonight. Make sure to follow me on Instagram, Facebook and all the rest. Whatever they're calling it.