SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Jake, your liberal talk show host pretending to be a journalist, that's why the name fake Jake is perfect for you. Choose your lane, Jake. That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Please set your DVR, never miss an episode. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yeah, baby. All right. OK. Yes, yes. Happy Monday, everybody. Good to see all of you. Good to see all of you except for you. So at a campaign stop in Pittsburgh, Joe Biden told supporters to send me to Congress. I know. Aides clarified that he actually meant to say (inaudible).Also in Pittsburgh, the Police department is reducing the number of cops on duty from 3 AM to 7 AM. And calls not considered in progress emergencies will now be assigned to a telephone recording unit. Police stations will also be placing this sign on their precinct doors. As spring break begins in Florida, they're already gearing up for the wet t-shirt contest. Here's photo of one of the top contestants. That's gratuitous. No reason for that really. At the Oscars last night, white people won in most major categories including Best Actor, Best actress, Best film and Best Director. Well, at least the host was black.Thank you. I'll take it. It feels so good. And as usual, the "In Memoriam" segment featured none of the people shot and killed by Alec Baldwin. I know. I know, me too. Hashtag Kate Middleton has apologized for releasing a doctored family photo, prompting Meghan Markel to also apologize for Photoshop photo that showed Prince Harry with balls. But in Kate's defense, we photoshopped Kat every day so she could do this show. Here's what she looks like without hair and makeup. Don't worry, the legs are still great.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's mean.GUTFELD: It is mean. Welcome to the show. What did you expect? Madonna scolded someone at her LA show last week for not standing up before realizing the fan was in a wheelchair. I'm sorry in her wheelchair. President Joe Biden has said he would sign a bill banning TikTok. When asked why he said because time is my enemy. He hates clocks.Both pilots have an Indonesian airliner with 159 people on board fell asleep for 30 minutes. So from now on, they're pilots who have to fly sitting next to a baby. I thought that was clever. But you disagree. Well, over in France, President Emmanuel Macron is coming under fire for pushing assisted suicide from his wife. She's really old. Finally, New York City is preparing for the annual St. Patrick's Day Parade this weekend. Even as I speak, they've already started dyeing the feces on the city street green. All right. I know. Green.So right under all our noses, we just had another major robbery. And once again, the Democrats stole the English language. I'd calp the Police but the NYPD is down to six cops these days, and three of them are assigned to guard Jesse's hairpiece. But everywhere you look for pronouns to pro sports, progressives are committed a smash and grab of the words we use every day. Wearing a red hat makes you deplorable but tucking your Wang makes you Woman of the Year, but give them their due.Since language is the basis of everything we think and feel if you control the language, you pretty much control everything else. You control for instance, a certain octogenarian who can't even control his own bowels. We got a -- oh, I am mean, I am mean. We got to come -- we got a commander in chief so afraid of the language mafia, he won't call the accused killer of Laken Riley illegal. He'd rather ignore a murdered American woman than risk offending her accused killer. At least he has the dementia excuse. But what about the rest of these asshats? Let's head over to MSNBC where Biden gave an interview with anchor Jonathan Capehart. A less masculine version of Claudine Gay. Here's the -- here's the exchange.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN CAPEHART, HOST, MSNBC: I noticed the look of surprise on your face when you walked into the chamber and you saw Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene. It was priceless. You've been shocked at seeing her. But during your response to her heckling of you, you use the word illegal when talking about the man who allegedly killed Laken Riley.JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Undocumented person, and I shouldn't have used illegal. It is undocumented.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Ah. See, this is the point where a real leader would say something like, hey, asshole, maybe stop there. Hey, asshole, a woman was murdered and you're policing me over how to describe him. Why didn't you kiss my 82 year old turd cutter, you emasculated bitch? Yeah. Yeah. But Joe can't say that many words without having to call Hunter's dealer again. So instead, Biden groveled.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I'm not going to treat any, any, any of these people with disrespect. They've built the country. The reason our economy is growing. We have to control the border and in a more orderly flow, but I don't share this view at all.CAPEHART: So you regret using that word?BIDEN: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: What is he talking about, illegal immigrants built this country? Is he talking about slavery? Oh, well, no wonder you hung out with Robert Byrd. Maybe he meant immigration. But this is illegal immigration. It's not about that hard working shopkeeper from Sicily who came through on Ellis Island waited in line and did what the law asked. We're talking about a heinous thug who murdered a girl.And yet the Dems just scream, but we're a nation of immigrants. But the entire southern invasion of our border has been sold through the leftist theft of language. Remember, when you could refer to them as illegal aliens? Non-citizens were crossing the border illegally. It's literally what those words mean. Then they became migrants, then undocumented, and the latest labeled Leftist floating, newcomers. Like they're people being greeted by a reverend as they walk into mass five minutes late.What's next? Is you're going to call pedophiles young at heart. So you oldest tactic in the world, divide and conquer by controlling language. And when you control the means of production, otherwise known as the media, it's no wonder that even an American president will buckle faster than Lizzo's beach chair. Terrible. But there's a problem with this hide the truth using language tactic. It's called Reality. Eventually, no matter how much the left shouts at you, the fissures start to form. And like old people at a nude beach, the cracks are getting wider.The country just isn't buying it. And so now they're on their back feet. The media will say the rights politicizing Laken's death. No, our anger is the objective reaction to an objectively awful act. There's nothing political about it. A crime is committed, which even Biden claims should have been prevented.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you regret using the word "illegal" to describe immigrants last night, sir?BIDEN: Well, I probably -- I don't re -- technically, he's not supposed to be here.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Technically. Seems like the Riley family has one hell of a lawsuit ready and waiting. And so do others of family victims who should do the same. And that's not political. It only becomes political when you shift it to language like newcomer. Language creates a false moral high ground, an escape hatch from confronting an objective evil, for they cannot be seen to agree with those they already call evil, meaning you and me.It's funny how they don't object to calling you a Nazi but how dare you call an illegal who murdered someone, an illegal. But the goal here is to avoid the necessary corrective measures, which to their horror might make them look like a Republican or perhaps an adult. But we've learned this, if you can't call a criminal a criminal, then you can't treat them like a criminal. And it's everywhere. Call looting, restorative justice; call prisons, a carceral state; call a criminal, person impacted by the justice system; call racism, DEI.But don't call Haiti a shithole. Even though today that sounds like an upgrade. As Port-au-Prince looks more and more like a Port-au-Potti. Joe Biden just chose the cause of illegal aliens over his core mission of keeping Americans safe. But like Rashida Tlaib's moustache, you're not supposed to notice. Clearly, he didn't choose the Riley family's side although for all I know he's spent the night trying to find a phone number for Lincoln Riley in Georgia. Hey, Joe, it's Laken Riley as in go find a lake and jump in it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. His bedside manner almost makes up for his high mortality rate. Chief Patient Officer for The Wellness Company, Dr. Drew Pinsky. She's insightful, delightful, but liberals find her frightful. The Editor-in-chief of the Federalist, Mollie Hemingway. He'll make you laugh; he'll make you cry, and then put his pants back on. Comedian Jim Norton. And she's thin as a rail and colder than jail. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. Dr. Drew, welcome back to the show.DR. DREW PINSKY, HOST "ASK DR. DREW": Thank you. It's great to be here.GUTFELD: It is great.PINSKY: You're looking well.GUTFELD: I feel well. And I have you to thank for it.PINSKY: Well, we don't talk about that.GUTFELD: I know. I know. But the pills are really working. Yes. Why is it that the narrative is always more important than the actual crime?PINSKY: You know, it has gotten I -- I apologize because I'm so upset by this story. You were spot on with all this. Although I've never heard the word turd cutter before. I got to say.GUTFELD: -- Agree -- it's the better way of describing anus.PINSKY: Got it. But I'm telling you what, I am disgusted not by turd cutter. I am disgusted by this story. I really am disgusted. It's sort of a bottom for me. It's like a young woman is dead, murdered and you don't give (BEEP). You'd rather talk about language. That's it. I'm done. I've been backpedaling for a long time. In a weird way, this particular story just got me it even -- even the president was on board with it until he was attacked by his own people.State -- either you're right. It's leadership to stand up to them and go, I'm sorry, a young woman is dead, a beautiful life is expunged. And this guy got her call him anything you want. He's a murderer, period. End of story.GUTFELD: Now, Mollie, you disagree? It is. It drives me nuts. So we're now -- now it's going to be, now it's a political football. It wasn't a political football until they introduced language.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I also am opposed to murdering college co-eds. What actually bothered me were the media people here. Jonathan Capehart and then you showed this other clip in front of the plane of the woman saying, you know, do you regret saying this? How about, do you regret doing everything in your power to tear down all of the border policies that were there under the previous administration? Do you know like an actual tough question and the idea that they're going to like -- the media are as much of a problem here as Joe Biden.GUTFELD: Jimmy, Mollie brings up a good point. It seems like it's the media that is prodding and pushing this -- this narrative and prodding the President with this question. Why did he do that? What -- what could they gain from that?JIM NORTON, COMEDIAN: I don't know. But I'm glad they do, Greg, I think it's important. I was very worried when I heard about this murder that this young man would be spoken about inappropriately. Excellent job by the media really sticking with what's important. And I think that it was -- Biden answers questions about Gaza while he's eating an ice cream cone.GUTFELD: Yeah.NORTON: I mean, he's like, he's a giant infant. So when somebody's scolds them, he's like, (inaudible). He just panics and drools. He doesn't know what to say. But yeah, it is kind of gross, but it's it to me, it's, it's like the Achilles heel. Because most Democrats are not like that.GUTFELD: No, they are not.NORTON: Most Democrats they've allowed these extremists jackasses, to highlight their entire -- to hijack their entire narrative. Most Democrats would agree with this, that's disgusting to obsess over what he's called. He's an illegal guy.PINSKY: You know what's ironic, Jim, is that George Orwell, who first talked about new speak, which is this control of language. He was actually talking about colonizers, what they were doing to the people they colonized. So this is literally the people that take great exception with anyone that was a colonizer using the technique of colonizers. Really, is that who you they want to be associated with?NORTON: Yeah.GUTFELD: Do you agree with Dr. Drew on that point that went over my head?NORTON: I disagree because -- I'll say this, Greg. I understood the point and I'm proud to say I'm pro colonizer.GUTFELD: What up, my colonizer.NORTON: I know. And I was feeling young at heart but you spoiled that.GUTFELD: Kat, Kat, Kat, what is your take on this? The story just continues as long as the media asks about it, I keep trying to figure out, do they agree? Or do they actually agree with the question? Why are they doing this?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I don't know why they're doing this, but it's certainly a good way for nothing to ever get solved. I think most people agree here. I mean, the fact that he actually said, you know, I'm not going to disrespect any of these people. I think it's so wrong to even group in all immigrants.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Like they have anything in common. That's what you're not supposed to do, right. And what drives me crazy to say that, no, this is not representation of all these people who are coming here, right. But you kind of do that by saying, no, I'm not going to disrespect any of them. No, no, everyone's fine, disrespecting the murderer, I think.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: I think -- I think everybody's, you know, he brutally killed somebody. And I think that you can call him whatever you want. I don't know who coached him before that. I because I -- he's doesn't get these opinions by himself. So I want to know who coached him before that and why and what did he expect to happen? Like the family of the murderer to come forward and be like, thank you, you know, he really is a good kid. Like it's -- it's I don't know what he expected him something like that. It was so stupid, right. So stupid.GUTFELD: Yeah, you know, it's when he said any, he just -- don't say this about anyone.HEMINGWAY: Talking about grouping things together. There's a big difference between a legal immigrant and an illegal immigrant.PINSKY: Thank you.GUTFELD: Yeah.PINSKY: Yeah. My family has run away from the (inaudible) came here through Canada had to find these people to sponsor them to get here. I'm only a second generation American. And it took a lot of work and a lot of money, a lot of time, a lot of effort. And you had to come here with things to offer and you maybe got in and you were -- you were fleeing famine and destruction, and they maybe let you in. So come on, there's a big difference between legal and illegal.TIMPF: There's a big difference between murderers and the rest of us.GUTFELD: All right. Thank you.TIMPF: It was a bold statement. I know.GUTFELD: You were going on a limb there.HEMINGWAY: And there is a difference.GUTFELD: Up next; we come out for puppies. All right, well, firefighter's careers go up in flames for booing Letitia James.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Does the commissioner want to dump firefighters who love Trump? The FDNY is reportedly coming after firefighters who booed Attorney General Letitia James in this video from her promotion ceremony last week. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'd like to introduce our next speaker, Attorney General Letitia James.LETITIA JAMES, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF NEW YORK: Oh, come on. We're in a house of God. I want to thank Commissioner Kavanagh and Chief Hodgens for that recognition.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: What a dumpster fire. Where's Jamaal Bowman when you need him, huh? Well, The New York Post obtained an internal memo scolding the hecklers telling firefighters, they should quote, understand that the Bureau of Investigations and trials is gathering video and identifying members that brought discredit to the department. We want the members to come forward. They will come to HQ to be educated on why their behavior is unacceptable.Yeah. So they're going after people who can't stand Letitia James. Seriously, who has that kind of time? And how did they bring discredit to the department. If you ask me those firefighters just promoted themselves to a higher level of awesome, you know. But no need to worry. It's just the Bureau of Investigation and trials wanting to reeducate them. That sounds totally fair. I wouldn't worry. Who's leading the charge against the Trump loving firemen?This woman Commissioner Laura Kavanagh, who by the way, has never served as a firefighter and work for Bill de Blasio in Barack Obama's 2012 reelection campaign. In other words, she leans farther to the left than a car driven by Tyrus. But she's not the only one targeting Trumpers. If you remember the surveillance of voters bank records by the feds, which reportedly use terms like MAGA and Trump to target Trump supporters. Although there's an easy -- easier way to identify conservatives, just ask the banks who actually pay back their student loans.So in short, if you're a Republican, watch your back because you got a target on it. And if you're a Democrat and your house is on fire, feel free to ask for only Democrat firemen as you watch her house burn down. Mollie, the FDNY says the investigation isn't about politics, then why the hell do they have the State AG come to like a city thing, who's clearly a political figure?HEMINGWAY: I love how they say it's not about politics and they're not hunting anyone down when their memo themselves said, Turn yourself in so we don't have to hunt you down. The thing I actually liked hearing these boos, I don't normally like hearing people boo in a public setting. You want people to be able to speak without interruption.But Leticia James is actually a really bad person. She ran for office saying that she was going to find a crime to go after her political opponent of Trump. The crime she found that he paid -- repaid a loan with interest where everybody was happy. I mean, that's like really tyrannical stuff. Booing is the nicest thing that should happen to Letitia James. Far, far, far worse things should be happening but this is a start.GUTFELD: Yes. Jim, when people boo you, they're just saying your name.NORTON: Yes, they are.GUTFELD: Hey, boo.NORTON: Yeah. But they're doing it in bed. So --GUTFELD: Did she handle this correctly? And what do you make of this witch hunt, so to speak?NORTON: I thought this might be a lot of bunk. Pardon my French, ladies. It -- I thought she handled it well. There was something, they didn't show her. She goes, all right, get it out, you know, get it out of your systems. And the reason she was there was because I think one of the women who was being promoted to chaplain -- the first black female chaplain requested her to be there because I think they're friends.GUTFELD: Yeah.NORTON: So I think that they were saying that she even -- even though I don't like her either, but they said she was there in a non-political, she was more there as a guest and as a person requested by the person being honored. And they said don't -- don't do it on this time. That was kind of the -- the push of it. Although that banking thing bothered me. And they were looking at people's for political because now my bank knows that I vote for only fans.GUTFELD: Producers, remember to edit out all that stuff Jim said in favor of Letitia James. I'm joking.NORTON: Just let her know I said it.GUTFELD: Kat, what are your thoughts here? They're now they're backing off. They're saying we're not hunting. It's not a political thing. What do you say?TIMPF: Yeah, I just feel like being booed is never any reason to get the fire department involved. Like why isn't Leticia James saying something. If I were her, I'd be embarrassed.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: If I were her, I'd be embarrassed that apparently, the Fire Department of New York thought that I couldn't handle some people booing me so much that they needed to get involved at this level. And also to all the firefighters, I'm sure you're smart enough to know this. But don't turn yourself in.GUTFELD: No, don't. And don't snitch.TIMPF: Never ever turn yourself in.GUTFELD: Don't snitch either.TIMPF: Yeah, don't snitch on your friends. Ew, ew, ew. Don't do that.GUTFELD: That's the worse.PINSKY: Did they have family and friends at this thing? I'm imagining a lot of that booing was sort of people associated with firefighters, and they should want to protect those people.GUTFELD: They should turn in their family member.PINSKY: That's -- that's what they're trying to get them to do, right?GUTFELD: Yeah. Imagine if this were an expression in support of BLM. Do you think this would have had the same response?PINSKY: No, of course not. Of course not. But you know, the hunting is underway. I know you've been radicalized -- last time I was here, you told me that Scott Adams radicalized you. And one of the things that Scott's been predicting is hunting of conservatives. And this is a manifestation of that. It's interesting that the fire department was sort of the core blue Democratic people of the party. And now they've gone completely the other way. And I think they're going to push back on all of this.HEMINGWAY: And it also shouldn't just be firefighters who are defending rule of law in our country. Everybody who cares about the country, who cares about due process, who cares about not trying to put your political opponent in prison or bankrupt his family, that should be all of us, by the way, everyone should be booing Letitia James and again, far more.GUTFELD: Yeah, you know, keep thinking what are they going to do to the firemen if they come forward? You know, are they going to take a DEI course? Yeah. Are they going to teach them that fire should be more equitable?PINSKY: Reeducation camps.GUTFELD: Yeah. Re -- yeah, exactly.PINSKY: There we go.NORTON: It is crazy though. Not like she's not smart enough to come out and go hey, look, yeah, it's not like but they -- they have, like to express them -- you win people overTIMPF: Exactly.GUTFELD: Yeah.NORTON: Dumb Biden, if he had said what you said about just telling them, hey, you know, I said what I said, and that's it. If people showed a little bit of balls in public life, and defended people, a lot of times you'd be surprised how often people on you they'll be like, hey, this person at least defends my right to boo them.GUTFELD: Exactly.PINSKY: It is time for that.GUTFELD: All right. Your applause is a hint that we should move on. Up next; denier approves he's just another chap who's afraid of Donald Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Tonight's bout, De Niro versus Trump. Fight!(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Robert De Niro was recently on Bill Maher's show and was asked why he thought Trump's poll numbers were so high. Here's the exchange.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: The guy is a total monster, and anybody -- I don't understand it. I guess they get behind that kind of logic, they want to -- with people, screw them, because they're unhappy about something. He's such a mean, nasty, hateful person. I'd never play as an actor because I can't see any good in him. Nothing. Nothing at all. Nothing redeemable in him. If he wins the election, you won't be on this show anymore. He'll come looking for me.(LAUGHTER)DE NIRO: There will be things that happen that none of us can imagine. That's what happens in that kind of a dictatorship, which is what he says. He's a sociopathic, psychopathic, malignant narcissist.(APPLAUSE)DE NIRO: He is a dangerous person.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Trump responded the next day, posting on Truth Social, quote, "Robert De Niro has a terminal case of Trump Derangement Syndrome.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Such a stupid sounding guy, a low I.Q. individual."(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: So there you go. But Mr. De Niro, you needn't worry about Trum or anyone coming after you. If you want a safe place to hide, just go to one of your movies.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Jimmy.NORTON: Yes, Greg?GUTFELD: You know what I find interesting is that -- you know how they say the presidency ages the president. With Trump, it seems like it's the president's critics that are getting older and older with every Trump moment. And it seems like they can't help themselves. Even the audience laughed when he said they're coming up for me, because Trump doesn't go after anybody. He just would rather play golf.NORTON: Yes, and let's be very honest, I am team De Niro until Trump puts me in a movie.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: But he was very measured. He said what he said, he doesn't like him. But I'll say one mistake that De Niro didn't make that supposedly seasoned people like Hillary Clinton made. He didn't attack people who vote for Trump. He hates Trump, and that's the way you're supposed to feel about a politician you don't like. It's OK to hate them. But she was so stupid she attacked people who voted for him as if -- they couldn't just be voting on abortion or they couldn't just be voting on crime or immigration or things that he believed in. So that was a mistake that he didn't make that a supposedly smart person like her -- I think she really finished her career by doing that. It was a terrible move.GUTFELD: Very perceptive pivot.NORTON: Thank you, Greg.GUTFELD: That was very clever of you.NORTON: Thank you very much.GUTFELD: I like what he did there, Kat. You see what he did?TIMPF: Yes, but I agree. No, I agree. the problem is I think a lot of people extrapolate that on their own, because I think there are people who vote for Trump only because they hear people talk like that. And they might not like him that much to begin with, but they're kind of, you know what, these people think I'm such a bad person that I'm just going to work for this guy kind of as a -- you to all the people who say those things.GUTFELD: That's me.TIMPF: And there are a lot of people like that. So, I think we're going to hear a lot of this. I think it's going to get really ugly until the election, and I'm not looking forward to -- I wish all of us who are not politicians could work on not being mean to each other because, the people who are in power over us, you can say whatever you want, really. But I just -- they play us against each other, and that's how we get things like what we're talking about in the last blog where we give up our rights, and the next thing you know they start targeting people and going through their bank and phone and whatnot.GUTFELD: There was a period --TIMPF: One person agrees with me, thank you.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: There was a period of time where you didn't even know other people's politics. Like, when you were younger, it just never came up. I do think social media has gotten us to a point where it's in our system all the time. Dr. Drew, he diagnosed Donald Trump.PINSKY: He gave him three diagnoses.GUTFELD: Three diagnoses. So I normally wouldn't ask you to diagnose anybody, but since he opened the door, what does Robert De Niro have?PINSKY: I would not deign to diagnose somebody who I've not met like this, though --GUTFELD: You diagnosed me over the phone.PINSKY: That was over the phone, though. We were in contact. We had several different phone calls.GUTFELD: And it was over a rash. It was amazing.(LAUGHTER)PINSKY: But he did do one thing that was symptomologically delusional, which is this paranoia that the big bad Trump is going to come round people -- that is a delusion. We've already had a presidency where he did not do that. In what world would be possible for him to do anything like that. It doesn't even make sense. That's delusional.But what's fascinating, though, is that how people do react to him, like you're saying, that people get -- they have these extraordinary reactions to Donald Trump that I, frankly, it's mysterious to me.GUTFELD: Yes.PINSKY: All I can figure it's some kind projection. Mean, nasty, psychopath, there's got to be something in them that they're responding to that Trump brings out.GUTFELD: I remember I was talking to a buddy of mine who said he just hated Trump, and I said why. And he goes, he reminds me of an old boss. And it's like something that just gets your, it reminds you of something, Mollie, and then they're off to the races. You must have friends like that. I have friends that are like they're never going to get out of that land.HEMINGWAY: I am of the age where my friends and I don't talk about politics that much, and it's very nice.GUTFELD: You mean they're all dead?(LAUGHTER)HEMINGWAY: We're all Gen X. But I have to say, I'm truly stunned to hear people thinking that Robert De Niro sounded measured there? That sounded completely -- I think it's just good to understand how people who don't share his politics heard that. That sounded completely unhinged.PINSKY: If he puts you in a movie, he'll be more measured.HEMINGWAY: OK.(LAUGHTER)HEMINGWAY: Completely unhinged and so full of hate, and then also yes, like you were pointing out, Dr. Drew, this idea that Donald Trump, who we've already experienced a presidency with and did not do any revenge against political enemies, versus the current president who is trying to put his political opponents in jail, and succeeding in many cases. So we've got someone who is going after journalists, who is violating people's First Amendment rights, who is literally trying to imprison his political opponent like we are Stalinist Russia, and then to hear him talk this way, it seems like completely divorced from reality, and also just very, very hateful, not just to the man in question, who is the Republican nominee, but also to the people who vote for him.NORTON: I just want to respond.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: Just at your shock at the word "measured." What I meant by "measured" wasn't -- is that he wasn't yelling and screaming. They said he was unhinged. "Unhinged" implies Peter Finch in "Network." That's unhinged. Him sitting there and giving an opinion which many find disagreeable is not unhinged. And it's the same opinion on the opposite side that people give about Biden, which is fine, too. Look at the way we've all talked about Biden, like he's a bum, he stinks, he's stupid, he's senile. That's the language people use. So I thought that again, when discussing someone who you hate politically, if you're not ranting and screaming, you're measured. That's what I meant by that.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: All right, well, we won't be measured in this next segment. Coming up, Madonna scold's a fan who wasn't able to stand.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five-word story, Madonna makes a boo-boo. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MADONNA, SINGER/SONGWRITER: What are you doing sitting down over there? What are you doing sitting down?(APPLAUSE)MADONNA: Oh, OK. Politically incorrect, sorry about that. I'm glad you're here.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, it's not so much that she called out a fan in a wheelchair for not standing up, but that it bothered her that in an arena of thousands of people, what bothered her what somebody wasn't doing what she wanted. One person out of a sold-out show and that's what's -- you know what it is? It's like being on Twitter and everybody is saying nice things, and then you focus on the one person. You don't like me! That's exactly what she did.TIMPF: We all do that.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I'm sorry, but the reactions I've seen to this clip are unhinged, are objectively early unhinged. Thousands people are like, how did that whole arena not just get up and leave after she did that? Shut up, OK? She made a mistake. She said she was sorry. What was she supposed to do, turn off the lights and stop the show? That would've been the kind thing to do? She made a mistake. We all have made mistakes. The only difference between these people who are mad and Madonna is that these people who are mad are not rich and famous enough for anyone to be filming them and care when they make a mistake. So at least admit that you actually don't care about this person in a wheelchair, who, by the way, has not weighed in at all and seems to be perfectly fine. It's just that you hate Madonna. Grow up.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Do you think. Dr. Drew, Madonna just jealous because that person had a better parking space?PINSKY: Could be. No one has accused her of not being narcissistic. But I think she would maybe do what you would do with an audience like that where somebody is not applauding and smiling. Are you mad at me?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's the underlying thing, right. It's keeping security --PINSKY: Humans do that. We detect a negative. We are geared to detect a leopard in a tree or something threatening us. That's how we're geared up. But Madonna probably had that a little bit on steroids. But look, she was in a coma three months ago. Did you know this? She was in an ICU, she's 65 years old. Give her a break. She's Madonna. She's not going to be different.And I agree with Kat completely. The unhinged part was people reacting to her.GUTFELD: You know Mollie, to be fair, Madonna probably couldn't see behind her cartoonishly inflated cheeks.HEMINGWAY: She has had a fair amount of --GUTFELD: Wow, a lot of Madonna fans here tonight.(LAUGHTER)HEMINGWAY: -- a fair amount of work done. Do you remember when Joe Biden did this in 2008? He did the exact same situation with a politician in South Carolina. It remains one of my favorite accidentally funny Joe Biden clips.But I also just want to speak out in defense of people sitting during concerts. I go to allow concerts and sometimes, you know, sometimes I just want to sit down.GUTFELD: Piece of advice, come in a wheelchair.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Hear me out. Do you ever notice a lot more people are using wheelchairs to get on flights?HEMINGWAY: No.GUTFELD: And then they just get up, and they're all like yay! And they move away. They throw the wheelchair away. I watch those people, Jim, and I'm like, I'm on to you.NORTON: Not only do I watch them, but I tip them forward and I test them.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Test them, exactly. Just like the witches.NORTON: Yes, I'm three for four. There was that one unfortunate incident. But the other three apologized and got in the back of the line.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: Yes, it is human nature to notice the person who -- as a stand-up, I mean there's always going to be somebody in the front who is not laughing. And it doesn't matter what the room is doing, I focus on that one person, because deep down I know they're right.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: I know that you're right. These other 500 idiots have no idea what they're doing. I suck and you got it right.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Isn't that amazing?(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Penetrating analysis.Up next, is building robots risky now that they're getting frisky?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Should We Be Concerned?(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: A humanoid robot in Saudi Arabia appears to grope a female reporter doing technology event. Dr. Drew --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Look at that. This was the first male high-powered robot at an expo in Riyadh, and it inappropriately gestured toward a human journalist. Should we be concerned?PINSKY: First piece of evidence that robot and A.I. is beginning to think for itself. There it is. I like her reaction to it, too. It's like, she's like really this is a me-too moment for me. I'm going to get this robot.GUTFELD: Yes. if this is a Saudi Arabian country, wouldn't they have to chop off his hand?PINSKY: Yes, something like that.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: A little applause there for removing a limb.Jim, they claimed that the robot behaved autonomously without any human input. Should we be concerned?NORTON: No. We should love the robot.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: And by the way, they're not going to cut his hand off. They're going to punish her.GUTFELD: That's true!NORTON: The best part of this is if you look at the robot, it's the eyes being straight ahead. I don't know why my hand, it's not near your ass. It's the look straight ahead and act like you don't know what you are doing. I want to own this robot.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Mollie, OK, get this, the robot's name is Mohammed. Should we be concerned?HEMINGWAY: Robots are just like us. I think that's what we are learning here. But I was thinking that it's a good thing that we do not make Joe Biden robots because then it would be leaning over and sniffing young ladies.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It'd be like those little ducks in the barbershop. The little red fluid.Kat, the robotics firm that built the robot says it did not deviate from its expected behavior and was merely trying to offer a welcoming hand. Should we be concerned?(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I don't know who designed this robot. Whoever did, definitely an ass guy.GUTFELD: Yes.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It is kind of scary. But so this is a Muslim country. If there's a female robot, will the female robot have to go out with a male robot in public?PINSKY: Oh, right. How does that work?GUTFELD: I don't know. I've been thinking about this all day.(LAUGHTER)PINSKY: Stop. It's not good for you.NORTON: I think maybe he was just trying to touch her ass.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: On that note, we'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Jimmy, do you have something you want to plug?NORTON: I am currently on tour. If you want to come see me, I'm going to be in Oklahoma City, Dallas, and Houston next week, JimNorton.com for tickets. Thanks, Greg.GUTFELD: My pleasure. Thank you, Dr. Drew, Mollie Hemingway, Jimmy, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)