SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Please set your DVR, never, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is next to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes. Happy Tuesday everyone. All right. All right. All right. So, during a meeting with Iraq's Prime Minister, President Biden's crib sheet was caught on camera, which included directions to pause.Here's another one that simply said, if lost, go to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Then here's another one, and another. He works for Iraq, not 7/11. And, also spotted was this other card that said, don't (BEE)) it could be (BEEP).Anyway, the U.S. Olympic uniform for track athletes apparently has sparked concern over being too revealing. Female athletes have complained that the outfits are so sheer, you could see their (BEEP).EMILY COMPAGNO, CO-HOST, OUTNUMBERED, FOX NEWS: Love it.GUTFELD: Traffic citations in San Francisco have nearly plummeted. They credit their revolutionary new speed bumps. Senator Elizabeth Warren criticized Turbo Tax for overcharging taxpayers for simple tax returns.She recommended citizens pay taxes the way she does with $24 worth of beads and trinkets. On this day, in 1922, markswoman Annie Oakley set a woman's record by shooting 100 clay targets in a row. Coincidentally also on this day, and Annie's husband stopped with a sassy backtalk. Sassy backtalk. All right.A new survey finds that the most stressful time of the day is 8:15 AM. You'd be stressed too if you got woken up by this. O.J. Simpson is still dead. But his body is set to be cremated. Although, he denied it in his new book, if I cremated myself.The White Ford Bronco used to this infamous chase may soon be up for sale. The seller says, it's rarely been driven except for weekends and after killing people. The first golden bachelor and his wife have announced, they're divorcing after just three months of marriage.They claim they just want different things. She likes the Metamucil berry- flavored fiber supplement, he prefers the MiraLAX laxative powder for gentle constipation relief.According to new research, South African women have the largest (BEEP) in the world with an average hip size of 41.73 inches. Needless to say the research was conducted by an expert. All right, to the monologue.So, according to legal expert, Jonathan Turley, Trump's on trial for allegedly falsifying business records related to payments to porn star Stormy Daniels. Turley added that, it's a misdemeanor and the statute of limitations ran out.Somehow, none of that matters in New York City, where guys who randomly punch kids are given a pat on the back and a key to the city, but when it comes to porn star payments, you'd better keep records more detailed than a CVS receipt. But first up, what's up with hush money? You're not supposed to talk about sleeping with a porn star?If that were me, I wouldn't shut up about it. My friends would be like, yes, we know Greg, then Stormy tied you down and (BEEP) you unconscious with a pickleball racket. How many times you're going to tell us.Me sleeping with adult film stars, I wouldn't be able to keep it a secret. And neither would they. But, they should. They should shut up. That's the deal when you charge for (BEEP).You break that time-honored pledge and you soil what is otherwise a noble profession that gave us Mata Hari, Heidi Fleiss, and Eleanor Roosevelt. I might be wrong on that one. Anywho, Trump's not happy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT: As you know, my son is graduating from high school, and it looks like the judge will not let me go through the graduation of my son, who's worked very, very hard.Yeah, he's a great student. And very proud of the fact that he did so well, and was looking forward for years to have graduation with his mother and father there, and it looks like the judge isn't going to allow me to escape this scam. It's a scam trial.(END VIDEO CLIP) GUTFELD: I haven't seen him this ticked off since I rejected his offer to be the spokesman for Trump Steaks. What can I say? I'm a dedicated vegan. Closest I come nowadays to putting meat in my mouth is when I do downward facing dog, and my (BEEP) yoga class.Of course, in their zeal to destroy Trump, dams are doing him a favor again. For one thing, high school graduations are boring. You sit there for hours in a hot sweaty auditorium and listen to a bunch of names of stranger's kids, just to see 20 seconds when the only important one is getting his diploma.If you're lucky, the kid in the wheelchair might pop a wheelie. What's wrong? And it's not like it's hard to get a high school degree. Everyone has one except Greta Thunberg to high school diploma for Christ's sake, it's like an Adderall prescription. At that age, everyone gets one.Plus, it's just stressful being around all those seniors. How many times can a repeat, call me when you're 18? But maybe, I'm just resentful, because nobody cared when I graduated from cosmetology school.I was class valedictorian and received the Vidal Sassoon Award for Outstanding Achievement in hair treatment. I came up with the first (BEEP) straightener for inmates. It was called haired straight. But, if Trump wants to go to his son's graduation, he should.Graduations are like losing your virginity, it only happens a few times. And trying to stop him is the biggest favor that Dems can do for him. They'll give him martyr status. He's already like Jesus, and that he's the only one who could raise Joe Biden from the dead.Just imagine if Trump blows off a day of this dumb trial to watch his son graduate and the cops show up and arrest him. You want bad optics? It'll look worse than the time Jesse wore leggings to sexual harassment training.Sure, the libs in every newsroom will chair, John Stewart will joke about it on The Daily Show or TDS, as I like to call it. I don't swing that gig anyway. Like Chris Christie's personal trainer, this guy only works one day a week.And those clucking hands on the view will high-five each other so hard joy will break both are risks and have to eat her hay and oats bent over a trough. But, the rest of America, the actual voters, they all got to go to their children's graduations or hope to one day.They'll see the injustice and they will go nuts. So, if you're watching President Trump, just go to the graduation. You know, I bet some Brit will steal that line.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you're watching President Trump just go to the graduation. Every parent in America whether they like you or will hate you, will go, yeah, I'd have done that too, because this case is utterly ridiculous.Why would you not think that what you're doing here is going to almost guarantee Donald Trump wins the next election? The only thing that could absolutely guarantee is, if he's found guilty and put in a prison cell. Because at that moment, Trump wins by a landslide.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: For once, a Brit is right about something. Well, it's easy when you're competing with Prince Harry, the Teletubbies, and Mr. Bean. But once again, totally said it best.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Everything about this case is, in my view, legally absurd. You know, this case is basically a state misdemeanor that had run out on the statute of limitations.They took a mis -- a dead misdemeanor and bootstrapped it into effectively trying a federal crime. But, the federal crime here on the election law was rejected by the Department of Justice. They didn't feel that this should be charged.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: He's got great eyebrows. Anyway, he's right. It's law fair. They can't beat Trump politically, because so far, he's defied all the laws of politics. So, they've decided to defy all the laws. Alvin Bragg is like O.J. except slower, fatter and more alive.They're twisting the law like a balloon animal with scoliosis to prevent a second Trump term and they could very well end up bringing it about. On the first day over half the jurors were next after saying they couldn't be impartial.(BEEP) the city is bluer than a Smurfs balls that are sitting on an ice block. So, it's not within the court that matters where the evidence is key. It's what's outside the courtroom where the pressure to crush Trump matters more. Bottom line, the Dems hate Trump so much that they're willing to destroy the legal system.And now, they're on the verge of cementing their own worst nightmare, another Trump term. And this time he'll be older, wiser and hopefully less warning.Let's welcome tonight's guests. He swear jar is an aquarium; co-host of Outnumbered, Emily Compagno. He draws big crowds and sometimes paints them; writer and comedian Joe DeVito.She's like Gene Simmons, she wears tons of makeup and can't sing; New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. And his doctor uses a surfboard as a tongue depressor; New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus.Emily, as a lawyer, I have to ask you this question. That was confusing. You're the lawyer. They could have easily changed the venue and not have this problem with a jury, but they chose not to, and the jury is proving the point that this is a contaminated site. How can this go on?COMPAGNO: Well -- and the judge doubled down by saying, this is the most thorough questionnaire he's ever seen. And so, have no fear, he said at the end, we will, in fact in panel, an impartial jury, but to your point, it's been proven along the way that there's no amount of people here that can be impartial.I argue because I live here too, not because they're anti-Trump, but because they see the legal absurdity, the absolute that this is. Any normal person can see, this is an absolute travesty.And to add on a postscript to Jonathan Trelease point earlier, not only is the federal crime, the statute of limitations has run, but what jurisdiction does a state a Manhattan DA have over a federal law anyway?GUTFELD: Yeah. It makes no sense.COMPAGNO: I have to say this too about the high school graduation. He is punishing Baron, because the person -- parents, of course, they want to see their kid graduate. Of course, that is so important, but it is most important to the student to see your family there in the audience.I've been at a million scheduling, a million hearings, and every judge always, oh, you got a dentist appointment. Okay. Tell me, you operate based on that, in part, to cover your ass at the appellate level.So, the fact that he's definitely down, and treating him is already convicted, already incarcerated, where you do say no, I'm sorry, it's your mother's funeral.But nope, I'm not going to grant you leave. He's doing that now. All of this is setting up. If a conviction happened heavens for -- heaven forbid, it will absolutely be overturned on appeal. No question.GUTFELD: Joe, you know, it's interesting. Bill Clinton not only went to Chelsea's graduation during his whole mess, he spoke at the ceremony, and then, afterwards (BEEP) three teachers. This is a hypocrisy at its finest.JOE DEVITO, COMEDIAN: But, it is also a multitasking that is fine.GUTFELD: Yes.DEVITO: Well, as a lawyer myself.GUTFELD: Yes.DEVITO: I think Trump's given us the best way to get out of any social obligation, is to just say, I would love to go to that christening, but unfortunately, I've got this trial with a porn star escorting me to keep telling everybody we had (BEEP) with each other. I think all this does is, make Trump look like a good dad.GUTFELD: Yes.DEVITO: When you compare him to, you know, the last -- Hunter Biden had to go to court to admit he was someone's father. But here's Trump saying, I want to go to my kids graduation.And you don't mess with Baron Trump. I don't know if you've seen him lately.GUTFELD: He's a big boy.DEVITO: He is the Trump is child of all times.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah.GUTFELD: Yes.DEVITO: Because you know, Trump says, everything is huge, tremendous. His kid's 11 feet tall.GUTFELD: Yeah.DEVITO: So, I can't wait until the election of 2044 because at current growth rate parent's going to be about 30-feet tall.GUTFELD: Yes.DEVITO: So, I want to see him against Hunter Biden. That's the Trump (CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Yeah, I want my -- I want my brain soaking at Evada Biochemicals. So, I'll be here when Baron Trump is President. And I will be behind the scenes pulling all the strings. Kat, what a contrast, right?You can beat the hell out of a woman on the street and get off in three hours. But you know, you can't see your kid graduate. I think I might have smoothed that a little too much. But it's -- you get the picture.TIMPF: Yeah, I think the -- the really remarkable contrast is kind of what you alluded to Joe, which is, what we're talking about here is -- and then, the charges here, it's -- it doesn't really -- I agree with Emily with the word (BEEP) that you used, I agree.It doesn't really hold up the way they tried to do this at the misdemeanor et cetera, but it does stem from these hush payments that she because he had (BEEP) with a porn star, allegedly, to cover that up, right.And because of what they're doing here and they're pushing it so far, and if they do not let them go to the graduation, there's a potential here, if he goes anyway, gets arrested, there's a potential here for the headlines about this trial to be coming out to paint him as a true family man.And it's just like, I feel like they do this. It's even to make him look like a victim, in general, is hard, I mean, he's very wealthy, he's very successful. His wife is superhot, and they've managed to make a man like that look like a victim, which seems impossible, it's a tick.What this was -- trial is about, what's at the core of this trial, and make him the headlines like what, Dad of the Year, it's just -- it's -- the things that they keep handing to him, it's really truly remarkable.GUTFELD: Yeah, and you know, the judge says, he hasn't decided not to let - - he's not decided he can't go, but Trump was wise to just sense that opening, and just use it.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, also, I'm not like the President. I'm not getting some man tell me, well, I'll think about it.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: (BEEP) I'm going. Do what you got to do. And I think he'll make bail. I'm just guessing. The funny part to me about this is, how they talk about, how Trump was paying hush money, and how Trump was -- he wasn't doing that. He probably didn't even know about it. That's why you have lawyers.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: That's why -- and he had a horrible one; and Cohen -- Cohen went to jail for this (BEEP) already. So, it's like, they're trying to tell us like he was looking at his bank statement. You want to cut the check? No, we're not paying her like, do make sure she gets in this.No, he's -- he's a businessman who runs empires. Literally, it was probably up, we're going to take, don't worry, boss, we're going to take care of it. That's about as far as it went. So, the person they really should be going after is the lawyers.GUTFELD: Yeah. It's Michael Cohen, who's the witness.TYRUS: His witness, which is, literally the one who signed the deed, made the papers, made the moves, cut corners, did all himself because he's the lawyer who passed the bar. So, you assume that when he became the lawyer, he had integrity and knew what he was doing.So, it seems more to me like Trump should be a witness against Cohen.TYRUS: Yes. You know, what it is? I said this yesterday on The Five, but I'll say it again, it's like the hospital suing the patient for the doctor's malpractice. It makes absolutely no sense. You know, it landed better yesterday. Up next, why Couric went to great pains to insult MAGA brains.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: She wants to leave her good news, but still stupid views. Katie Couric brings us our Video of the Day, here's she is on Bill Maher's podcast, slamming Trump voters calling him anti-intellectual. Roll it, Doris.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATIE COURIC, AMERICAN JOURNALIST AND PRESENTER: I feel like, to your point, Bill, the socio-economic disparities are a lot and class resentment is a lot what anti-intellectualism and elitism is what is driving many of these -- these anti-establishment, which are Trump voters --BILL MAHER, AMERICAN COMEDIAN AND WRITER: Right. Absolutely.COURIC: -- or anti-establishment voters. So, I think that is a huge problem that we have to address.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Oh, honey, I shrunk the Couric.TIMPF: Totally.GUTFELD: Like little munchkin live in at a tree like a Keebler elf. But what she meant to say was MAGA voters are stupid, you know, as opposed to the cerebral thinkers behind the today's show. And you thought, Matt Lauer was NBC's biggest embarrassment.At least, he had the decency to leave the airwaves. Granted, though, it would have been nice if he put his pants on first. But, that's the difference between regular people and liberals in a bubble. It took her 50 words to call people dumb, which he could have just said to.I know. Sorry, Katie, intellectuals in the last five years have given us COVID, COVID lockdowns, vaccines that don't work, runaway spending that they didn't think would cause inflation, and dudes in women's locker rooms.So, fine, call us anti-intellectual, we'll consider the source. I can see why televising her colonoscopy was her career highlight. That (BEEP) has more credibility than this one.Joe, do you think she was just confused by the terms anti-intellectual and anti-establishment? She was all free -- everything was just all screwed up in there.DEVITO: I think she was confused by that Bill Maher chair that seems to have a conveyor belt on it because everyone's on your show. You just watch them slowly starting to --GUTFELD: Yeah. Exactly.DEVITO: and so, it's just a hag on a cushion.GUTFELD: Exactly.DEVITO: How relaxed do they get on club random where it's like --GUTFELD :Yeah, yeah, yeah.DEVITO: -- yeah, like look at that completely in an iron lung.GUTFELD: Who was the one Richard Dreyfus? Remember you (CROSS TALK) out of the floor?DEVITO: He slide out of the studio and to the park. This is -- yeah, I think people might be resentful if you paid your bills, worked hard and saved your money. And then, someone from a rich family said, you have to pay their debts.I could see how people might be resentful about that because you don't see the people saying, well, my point is, if you're so smart, and so elite, why did you take out student loans you can't pay?I can't get past that. Because, the people that she's insulting are the plumbers, the electricians, the truck drivers, the people who make this society work, so that people like her can say, well, we live in a technology-driven society now.Well, when the power goes out, what is the technology-driven society going to be doing? I know, what I'm going to be doing. I'm going to be begging electrician help me out. You have a liberal arts degree in soft hands. I'm useless.GUTFELD: Yeah. That you are. You know, Kat, whenever I see this, it reminds me that like the media -- people in the media have a blind spot. And everything they miss has to do with that blind spot. It's their ego.It's like their ego is in the way of everything. So, she has to be right and those millions of people are stupid.TIMPF: Right. And you and I have no ego.GUTFELD: Every morning I wake up and I let go of my ego.TIMPF: Yes, especially you.GUTFELD: Remember, let go my ego.TYRUS: Nice.GUTFELD: Thanks. She's too young to know that, man. I get up every morning and I let go one late.TYRUS: She get to be born late.TIMPF: Yeah, I know.GUTFELD: You know, I'm going to keep saying it until somebody claps.TIMPF: Yeah, thank you.GUTFELD: Thank you. Thank you.TIMPF: That's exactly what someone would do if they had no ego.TYRUS: Always.GUTFELD: She can't understand, Kat, why millions of people don't agree with her. And I think it's -- she's complimenting herself. She's like, I'm smart. They're stupid.TIMPF: But, honestly, I think that a lot of the support for Trump comes from people saying stuff like that.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: A lot of people are tired of people who have way more money than them, way easier lives of them in so many ways, fame, all these things, saying, how they're supposed to vote and how they're supposed to think.And that if they see something differently, then, that's because they're stupid. If you actually wanted to know, you could talk to these people. You could read things these people, right? This is a lazy answer.I guess, it does make you feel better. All you have to do is, just vote for the other person and all of a sudden you're a smart person. And you're so much better than all these other people. The harsh reality is, there's a lot of stupid people on both sides.GUTFELD: That is true. Send your letters to Kat Timpf.TIMPF: No. And so it's stupidity transcends politics.GUTFELD: I know, I know. You know -- no, clap for me, not for her. Clap for me, not for her. Hey, Tyrus, do you know that Piers made a great point today on The Five.TYRUS: What? Piers Morgan made a great point?GUTFELD: Yes. He said that.TYRUS: Oh my.GUTFELD: He says, it's so funny seeing her talk about people being resentful when she wrote this memoir where she crapped on every female in the business.TIMPF: She was like that so bitter.TYRUS: Gee, wonder why. How's her new show doing?GUTFELD: Yeah. And I think it's gone. Is it?TYRUS: Yeah. Listen, all she did was, she described the Democratic Party. That's because that's the only interaction she has. Like, she's, I've talked to five MAGA voters, and oh, we're in trouble. Okay. And she actually did the work.And she drew her opinion based on interviews, or she didn't do any of that. She sat on bills, had a little too much to drink, and started saying some dumb stuff and try to invent words.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: And then, apparently thought she was some form of leadership, because we got to address that. Who'd like Katie Couric calls you up, hey, Tara is going to talk to you about your clique, who gives a damn.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: You know, I'm saying like, they always tell on themselves. I'm so out of touch. So, I'll trash my own party and blame it on the other party, because the reason why most Americans like Trump is because they look at Trump, and they go, here's a guy who did it his way, did high level and I dig that.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: And I want to be like that. So, I'm going to strive to do this. His dad gave him a million dollars. Okay, cool, as dad apparently runs in his family, and he took down and he -- he made it into something big, which is every person here who's like, look, I bought my first small business.I had one little shop. I had one little oven to make my pizzas. Now, I have a pizza dynasty. Everyone kind of looks at that thing. Before he got into politics, President Trump went on movies as Trump. You know how over you have to be to when you're in a movie as yourself?GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: And everyone knows who you are. So, if he would have ran Democrat, they would have been talking about how awesome he is.GUTFELD: Right.TYRUS: Because, remember, these are all people who were wanting to be buddies and friends with him and wanted his money. Katie's career. She's probably mad. She didn't get into politics, but she's not getting attention. Trump did it and you know everyone else is crying over spilt milk.GUTFELD: You know, Emily? She was once America's sweetheart. Maybe you are next in line as America's sweetheart.COMPAGNO: Well, I don't know whether to take that as a compliment or --GUTFELD: Just say something for God's sake, you're wearing me out.COMPAGNO: Thanks so much. So, I have so many feelings about this. The tragedy to me is that it's not hard to find the reason why people support Trump. So, when you talk about the blind spot, which you're absolutely right, that the media holds dear and that the Democrat Party has. Why do people so boring, I don't know.GUTFELD: Yeah.COMPAGNO: It's so easy. It is so easy to find with -- everyone with over half of America that says, my life was better under him and here's why. Or he fights for people like me. The number one answer out of the Iowa exit polls, it is so easy.He fights for people like me, because people like that are telling everyone else who they are and what they stand for, and how they should vote, and what they are valued at, which is nothing.She represents the media and it's perfect for him which is no matter what you do, you will never be good enough. You will never be smart enough.You will be never -- you will never be valued enough until you serve in the Military and die for this country, so those (BEEP) can have a say, that is what those people represent, and that is why Trump will win in November.GUTFELD: All right, coming up, more stuff.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Buckle up and settle down. It's time for hunky heroes.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Australian women favor these dudes who were braver when they risk it all to defend their mall. In the suburbs of Sydney, Australia over the weekend, a knife-wielding attacker's murder spree was subdued by two brave civilians. And since then, the Australian women are reportedly swooning over the handsome heroes for risking their lives to save others.Here's one of them describing why he decided to act.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We were there, so at the end you do something or you don't do something. But it's like, you could do something. So just try to do it, and I don't know, don't think. We didn't think. You cannot think at that moment. Just like, I didn't actually.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: They're lucky they didn't try that kind of bravado here in the States. They would've been arrested for obstructing a murder in progress.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: And the media would blame the mall for white privilege.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: So Kat, they stumbled upon this mass stabbing murder scene at the shopping mall, and they were armed with a bollard, a small metal post. But the overarching message in Australia was, finally, some real men. Isn't that a universal plea in a world besieged by a collapsed masculinity? Thank you. The audience liked that.TIMPF: Sometimes it is really hot, though, to see a man cry. As long as -- as long as it's over me.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Were they --TIMPF: No, no. But you said masculinity. I'm telling men it is OK for you to cry as long as you're crying over me. I love you so much.GUTFELD: Did you find these guys appealing?TIMPF: Of course. Also having your life saved, also hot, very hot. And also, that guy just is hot. He's a hot guy like. I thought he was hot at first, and then I saw he had a gap tooth, and I was like, I didn't know you were that hot.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: So do you think, Emily, let's say he didn't save anybody. Would you still think he's hot.TIMPF: Yes.(LAUGHTER)COMPAGNO: Also, the other thing that happened during this spree, this terrible spree, is that a dad walked towards the murderer, and he was with his wife and their kids, and he walked toward, and the video showed, and the knife guy ran away. One ounce of masculinity, and these cowards who are murdering people in public totally dissipates.So you contrast that with here in this country, you've got men paying $20,000 to go men's school, right. Remember when we covered that. Bravo to these guys. Bring them over here.GUTFELD: Tyrus, I know it's kind of an interesting -- but there is a serious point here, and that is we live in a culture where everybody films stuff. They just film it when a crime is happening.TYRUS: That in itself is a problem. But cowardice is contagious. So here's the thing. Luckily this happened in another country besides America. And I can't remember a time in my live when I would ever say something like that, because their statement would have been a big problem. These toxic males didn't think before they acted, and they attacked. We don't even know what gender the attacker was. This could have been a hate crime of some sort.And that's missed the point. In every society, it doesn't matter what it looks at, the ones who guard the gates are the alpha males, whether you like them or not. You know what they are there for? To control other males, sub males. We talk about this all the time. This ain't hard. Men are horrible, we are horrible until we get wisdom or a bigger men to shut the - - up and stop doing this.(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: And it's literally, it's across the board. And it's not just people. You take away elephants, gorillas, chimps, you take the alpha males out, all hell breaks loose. And it's always the same thing, rape and attack and beating women. It's always savage. The alpha shows up, and the sub adults go, no, no, no. So that's what happens because to stand up for that over there, all they are saying where have the men gone? No, they've always been there. You've just done everything you can to get rid of them until you need one. No one wants one until their house is on fire or someone's breaking it the house, and they're like, where's Joe DeVito win I need him?GUTFELD: Where's Daniel Penny?TYRUS: You know why my hands are soft? You know why my hands are soft? Because I have to put them in my pocket all the time when something goes wrong, because I don't want to get sued, or be like Mr. Penny and end up facing time in jail, for what? Saving a group of people. So, congratulations that they are getting it. Hopefully this will remind us over here, the next time you see a man stopping something, praise him for it. Protest him to get out of jail.GUTFELD: Yes, Joe.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes, Joe.TYRUS: I put Joe over.GUTFELD: Yes. You were saying in the greenroom that you wish there were more Dylan Mulvaneys.DEVITO: Yes, because that's when I move to the top of the food chain.(LAUGHTER)DEVITO: Yes, that's when I start looking butch. There are brave men like that still in New York. Yesterday I saw two guys breakup a purse snatching, and if it hadn't been for them that mugger would've made off with my purse. So I really appreciate --(LAUGHTER)DEVITO: Yes, it's true. And I just want to make it clear, it's good that there are guys like that, because there isn't a person in this room that when the trouble comes to town, I wouldn't cower behind you. I want to make sure you understand.But Tyrus makes the point, like, when people talk about toxic masculinity, the problem is the toxicity. It's not the masculinity. And when the problems show up, these are the guys who suddenly you realize, oh, we need these people around to save our lives. And it gets serious. If you remember years ago, the shooting at the theater at Aurora, Colorado. Of the 12 people who were murdered by that crazy guy, four of them were men who jumped on top of their girlfriends to save them. And they didn't think about it. They didn't need to take a men's retreat and they didn't need someone to tell them maybe you should think about this first because maybe you're getting too close in her personal -- they were strong men, and they knew this is my role as a protector. And a smart society would encourage boys to grow up to be like that.GUTFELD: I would definitely --(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: I would definitely do that for little Gus.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Coming up, an actress says her 80s flicks had too many white chicks.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We've got another clip of you. It's Video of the Day Part Two.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: The star of "Pretty in Pink" thinks white people stink. Actress Molly Ringwald brings us our second vid of the day. At the Miami Film Festival she discussed the 80s movies that made her a star, films like "Pretty in Pink," "Sixteen Candles," and "Deep Throat."(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But in her opinion, they wouldn't fly today. Hit it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MOLLY RINGWALD, ACTRESS: Those movies, the movies that I'm so well known for, they were very much of a time, you know. And if you were to remake that now, I think it would have to be much more diverse, and it would have to be -- you couldn't make a movie that white now. Those movies are really, really very white. And they don't really represent what it is to be a teenager in a school in America today.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It's true, if they did those movies today the actress would be hotter.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Tyrus, OK, does this go both ways? I want to see a white version of "Shaft" and a white version of "Superfly." And maybe, I've been thinking about it, a white version of "The Wiz," and you call it "Wizard of Oz."TYRUS: I'm pretty sure every one of those movies, I think one was "Starsky and Hutch." Listen, how dare she, OK? How -- dare she? Because the coolest character in all those movies was Long Duck Dong.(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: And he was, I believe, Asian of some sort. Nobody cares. Here's the thing, she's obviously trying to get work. And woke is in charge. So if she pisses on her previous accomplishments, maybe she'll get picked up for a new movie. Here's the cold part? What role are you going to play, Mollie? Because you don't fit in the woke movies. One of things we've seen die during the woke thing is white families in commercials. Find a white family in a commercial anywhere. And even black families, we don't even have to match skin tone. They just throw us all together.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: But that's the problem is these are cult classics. When I watched them, I didn't say, man, I really wish there was a brother showing up in here. This is the bottom line. We don't matter that much. It's not about you. It's a movie. And it was about midwestern white kids growing up middle-class, so I'm assuming there is a genre for that out there, OK. I didn't go to high school like that, and that's fine. I don't have to be there. I'm not upset because Darth Vader had a black man's voice and he dressed in all black, but it was a 6'4 white guy walking around in it. I'm not like this is crazy. It's ridiculous.I feel bad for her. I wish she had a higher platform and was more successful and be proud of her work. But people will do anything to stay in the limelight, even unfortunately, in this case, shoot her own self in the foot.GUTFELD: Joe?DEVITO: To answer your question of what she has been doing, she was in the Jeffrey Dahmer series as his stepmom. Speaking of white people behaving badly in the Jeffrey Dahmer movie. But these were the movies I watched when I was growing up, and I didn't want 80s movies to be realistic about high school. I don't want to watch a movie about acne. I don't want to watch a movie about nonsense.TYRUS: Everyone was 30 and playing a highschooler.DEVITO: Look at "Beverly Hills 90210" is supposed to high school kids. They have arthritis. It's ridiculous.But I think it's OK. John Hughes's experience was growing up in a predominantly white area, and that's what he wrote about, and they were great stories. I wouldn't expect somebody who wrote about growing up in a black community to have to update it. It's ridiculous.GUTFELD: It's a good point, Emily. If they have to update it, they should just include more violence. That's the only change in schools is people beating the -- out of each other.COMPAGNO: Also, there's space for everything. Why can't she say John Hughes was a genius, that time was so special. I'm grateful to have been able to kiss Jake Ryan, and thank you for my fame. And you know what, if I were to direct a movie, this is what it would be about. Why do you have to bash stuff from the past to keep up with something from the present. That was a special really chapter in films for people.GUTFELD: What do you think, Kat?TIMPF: I've never seen any of these.(LAUGHTER)COMPAGNO: What? What? Slumber party --TIMPF: I might see that one in the middle because looks like coach Gordon Bombay from "The Mighty Ducks" is in it.TYRUS: Yes, he is.GUTFELD: Good job. Well done.TIMPF: I've never seen any of them. But I think she was actually kind of clever in the way she phrased this, because she was like it could never be made this way today, rather than saying shouldn't have made it that way, because it's like, OK, well, then who of your costars do you say should not have had their role, then?GUTFELD: Exactly. Name them.TIMPF: Name them.GUTFELD: Exactly. No white lady ever gives up her job. She always says they should, but she's already done the job so you can't say her. Typical awful.Coming up, a frosting mistake that takes the cake.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: The brilliant Walmart cake troll. Emily, a 22-year-old ordered a cake from Walmart and told them she wanted the words "Aries Baby" in small cursive in the middle of the cake. And this is what she got. The cake says, "Aries Baby, small cursive, middle of the cake."(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Brilliant, right?COMPAGNO: Guess what? I actually don't believe this. I think that she manufactured the whole thing because afterwards she put a picture of herself. She wants to be an influencer, and then she had the Aries Baby, and she was like here's how it got it right. I think that she totally manufactured this, even though these mistakes do happen.GUTFELD: Joe, this is too clever to be manufactured.DEVITO: First of all, if you need a cake, don't buy it at Walmart. The sell tires at Walmart.GUTFELD: You have their tire cake?DEVITO: It's shaped like a tire. A Walmart cake is an emergency cake because it means you forgot to buy the cake someplace good, and you went in there and bought at a Walmart. And anybody who buys their own cake themselves, you're just telling the world you don't have friends. That's a loser move. Someone else should pick up your cake.GUTFELD: Wow, that hurts me deeply. I always buy my own cake, and then I sit in the bathtub and I smear it all over my chest.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, do you think this is real?TIMPF: I hope it's real, because otherwise it would be horrible of her to besmirch the Walmart employee.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: Thank you, Kat.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: As a former Walmart employee.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: That's not a joke. I stacked cans for like six nights, maybe four. It was tough. It was late at night and there were a lot of cans. I don't want to do that. It's a tough job.This isn't manufactured. She's an -- and there was a young Tyrus taking her order that day that she was being rude to.GUTFELD: That's what it is.TYRUS: And she kept saying "small cursive, middle of the cake." And he looked at his buddy and he went --(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: "Aries Baby." I would've done. If we were working at Walmart, we would've done it. We would totally have done that, and then blamed it on Greg.GUTFELD: There you go.All right, we've got to move on. Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thanks to Emily Compagno, Joe DeVito, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)