MARIE HARF, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Completed most of her class work remotely and online, spent her teenage years not doing things we did, but earning associates, bachelors, and master's degrees. She is also the founder and CEO of a leadership institute supporting STEM and the arts.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, you go girl.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I love it.PERINO: And you go girl. Congratulations to you.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: STEM!PIRRO: Yes!PERINO: All right. That's it for us, everyone. Have a great night. We'll see you tomorrow.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Shannon Bream, in for Bret Baier.House lawmakers tried to force President Biden to give specific military aid to Israel.President Biden invokes executive privilege over the audio recordings of his interview with a special counsel. And a major development in the search for the origins of the coronavirus.But first, "BREAKING TONIGHT", the defense tries to paint former Trump lawyer and self-proclaimed fixer Michael Cohen as a serial liar, suicidal, and bent on revenge.Cohen has been the key prosecution witness in its criminal case against former President Trump. His cross examination has been difficult. Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the New York State Supreme Court building. Hello, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Shannon.So, the importance of Michael Cohen's testimony is reflected by how long it's taking. He took the stand on Monday of this week. He's been here all week. He'll be back when court resumes at 9:30 Monday morning.Of course, he has a documented history of lying. Cohen has admitted to lying under oath several times. And today, Trump's lawyer said he did it again.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)FOY (voice over): Trump attorney, Todd Blanche, accused Michael Cohen of lying under oath again today. Cohen told the jury he informed Trump of the Stormy Daniels' deal during a phone call, through Trump's head of security, Keith Schiller.Blanche challenged Cohen, saying, "That was a lie. You did not talk to President Trump." Cohen question that. Responding, "I'm not certain that's accurate."Text between Cohen and Schiller show Cohen instead wanted to talk about harassing phone calls he received. Cohen now maintains he spoke to Schiller and Trump in the same phone call.Trump can't publicly respond to Cohen because of the court's gag order. But he did say this while leaving court tonight.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I think it was a very interesting day, and it was a fascinating day. And it shows what a scam this whole thing is.FOY (voice over): In contrast to testimony from several witnesses, Cohen said today he never wanted to work in Trump's White House, asserting instead, he wanted to be considered for a role.Earlier in the trial, Daniels' former lawyer, Keith Davidson, told the court that Cohen appeared suicidal after not receiving a White House position.Attorney Bob Costello, whom Cohen consulted with in 2018, told Fox today after testifying on Capitol Hill Wednesday, that Cohen completed the Daniels' deal by himself to gain Trump's favor, and ultimately become his White House chief of staff or attorney general.ROBERT COSTELLO, FORMER COHEN LEGAL ADVISER: He said specifically, and I cross examined him on this. This was my idea. It was his idea to take care of the NDA because he had been contacted by a lawyer for Stormy Daniels, who said she was going to claim that Donald Trump had sex with her.He kept on saying I have nothing on Donald Trump.FOY (voice over): Cohen is the prosecution's final witness, as this trial nears its end.TRUMP: This is finishing up. At some point, it will be finished.(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY: Trump's lawyers say they expect to finish Cohen's cross examination by the morning break on Monday. After that, lawyers for former President Trump planned to call Brad Smith to the stand. He's an expert witness and expert on campaign finance law. Trump's lawyers also indicate they are considering calling more witnesses forward. They didn't mention Bob Costello by name, but Costello told Fox this morning, it's possible that he'll be called to testify. Shannon?BREAM: All right. Nate Foy in New York. Thank you.President Biden is asserting executive privilege over audio of his interview with the Special Counsel, concerning his handling of classified documents. Now, House Republicans say well, they want to hold the president's attorney general in contempt of Congress.Correspondent David Spunt is at the Justice Department tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You guys are not doing oversight. You are doing overkill.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): A tense hearing today on Capitol Hill is Republicans and Democrats fought over whether to hold Attorney General Merrick Garland in contempt of Congress.In a party line vote, the House Judiciary Committee voted 18 to 15 in favor of holding Garland in contempt after he refused to turn over audio files of the interview between President Biden and then-Special Counsel Robert Hur last October.REP. JEFF VAN DREW (D-NJ): They are going to reveal whether Special Counsel Hur's assessment was correct, and our president mishandled classified documents, or they will reveal he's incompetent.SPUNT: Hur investigated but declined to criminally charge Biden or anyone with a crime after classified documents were discovered at multiple properties connected to the president.REP. JERROLD NADLER (D-NY): What high-profile witness would ever voluntarily cooperate with law enforcement investigation if they knew that audio files that they conversations would be released to committees who are seeking those files for purely political purposes.SPUNT (voice over): Hours before the hearing, the president invoked executive privilege over the audio files, keeping them away from Congress, while legally protecting Garland. And today told Fox News, he is not afraid.MERRICK GARLAND, UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL: We have gone to extraordinary lengths to ensure that the committees get responses to their legitimate requests. But this is not one.To the contrary, this is one that would harm our ability in the future to successfully pursue sensitive investigations.(END VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT: The oversight committee was supposed to meet at 11:00 Eastern Time this morning. They push their meeting back to about two hours from now, 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time tonight, because several Republican members went to former President Donald Trump's trial today in Manhattan, as far as the next step in the process. All of this, Shannon, would need to go to the full House for a vote.It's all up to Speaker Mike Johnson, who when asked about this today, was non-committal and gave no timetable. Shannon.BREAM: OK. And so, David, switching gears but sticking with the DOJ, what can you tell us about the attorney general and all of this talk we've heard about reclassifying marijuana?SPUNT: And this was big news today from the justice department. We've been expecting this somewhat for the past couple of weeks. But today, officially, the justice department submitted a new rule to the federal register to reclassify and lower the danger of marijuana.It was formerly in a classified level one, it's going to go to a level three, which would make it a little bit easier for research purposes and allow the federal government to officially recognize the medical benefits of marijuana.We have a new Fox News poll, actually out to show you what the American people think about marijuana. Brand-new poll found that 69 percent favor legalizing the drug nationally, but the justice department and the White House, Shannon, are not there yet to talk about a national legalization of marijuana. Shannon.BREAM: OK. The debate continues. David, thank you.SPUNT: Thanks.BREAM: There were no campaign events scheduled for President Biden today. Tonight, we look at more of the Fox polling about which issues are deal breakers for various constituencies.White House Correspondent Peter Doocy joins us now. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: And Shannon, we didn't lay eyes on President Biden today, aside from a video where he talked a little bit about what David Spunt just laid out that the government is closer to reclassifying marijuana.Turns out though, marijuana not one of the big issues that is helping voters -- that are helping voters make up their minds -- but this is.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: It's causing chaos for women --DOOCY: Abortion, the deal breaker for 15 percent of registered voters in a brand-new Fox poll. More than any other issue, broken down by party, 24 percent of Democrats say abortion is a deal breaker compared to just nine percent of Republicans.The top deal breaker for a quarter of Republicans, border security.TRUMP: The good news is the polls are through the roof.DOOCY (voice over): Trump's trials could ultimately benefit him because of something President Biden didn't do.SEN. MITT ROMNEY (R-UT): I would have pardon President Trump. Why? Because it makes me, President Biden, the big guy. And the person I pardoned, the little guy.JEAN-PIERRE: I'm not going to speak to pardons from here.DOOCY (voice over): A day after a pair of presidential debates were announced, democratic insiders are expressing doubt.JEN PSAKI, MSNBC HOST: Trump could certainly say, I never agreed to those specifics in the letter.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Right.PSAKI: And he probably will, and that's how this all falls apart.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Right.PSAKI: Even though he's basically said, I would debate him anywhere, anytime.DOOCY (voice over): Vice President Harris accepted an invitation to debate a Trump running mate to be named later. As POLITICO reports, "Vice President Kamala Harris has joked to friends that she may return to California to run for governor if Democrats lose the White House this fall.DOOCY: Have you heard --JEAN-PIERRE: Oh, no.DOOCY: The Vice President Harris is telling friends that she may go back to California and run for governor if the election does not go her way.JEAN-PIERRE: That is news to me.She has been an amazing partner, and the president appreciates her, appreciates her leadership, and that's all I'll say to that.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): The vice president's team says that's not going to happen in 2026 when Gavin Newsom's term is up, because they believe she will be here serving out a second term as President Biden's V.P. Shannon?BREAM: All right. Peter Doocy at the White House. Thanks, Peter.Stocks were down. The Dow lost 39 After briefly topping the 40,000-mark for the first time. The S&P 500 fell 11. NASDAQ was off 44.We have learned that the wife of embattled New Jersey Democratic Senator Bob Menendez has breast cancer. The senator is on trial right now on bribery and corruption charges. His wife's trial has delayed -- has been delayed until July.Correspondent C.B. Cotton is in New York on that tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)C.B. COTTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Senator Bob Menendez arrives to federal district court in Manhattan with initial witnesses and his bribery trial taking the stand.But today, Menendez himself made his own announcement. His wife, Nadine Menendez is being treated for Stage Three breast cancer, and will need a mastectomy. The senator shared the diagnosis and a statement issued via his Senate office, reading, in part, quote,"We are, of course, concerned about the seriousness and advanced stage of the disease. We hope and pray for the best results."Word of her diagnosis comes less than a day after her husband's lawyers told jurors she was mostly to blame for the alleged bribery scheme. Back in April, Nadine Menendez's lawyers requested a delay for her trial on charges in the case, citing a serious health issue. She is pleaded not guilty.The Democrat New Jersey senator, has also pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors say he traded his political influence for cash, gold bars, home furnishings, and a new Mercedes Benz convertible, accusing him of improperly acting on behalf of the Egyptian and Qatari governments.Menendez is on trial with two other New Jersey businessman who maintained their innocence after being accused of funneling bribes to the couple.The judge has said the case could last nearly two months and the trials first witness, an FBI agent who raided the Menendez' home back in June 2022, describe to the jury today, the more than $400,000 cash and gold found inside.(END VIDEOTAPE)COTTON (on camera): During the FBI agent's testimony, jurors got an up- close look at some of the evidence in this case, passing around several different sized gold bars, and wads of cash. And then later, the defense began its cross examination of that FBI agent. Shannon.BREAM: C.B. Cotton in New York for us tonight. Thank you, C.B.Up next, House lawmakers trying to force President Biden to send certain military aid to Israel. We've got a live report.But first, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.FOX5 in New York as a 12-year-old girl is shot, another woman stabbed after two people opened fire during a massive brawl in Queens.Police say the fight involved 10 kids. Authorities say they are still looking for two suspects.FOX26 in Houston, as the company that owns the barge that hit the Pelican Island bridge near Galveston, Wednesday, says the vessel broke loose from its toe before drifting into the causeway.The collision stopped traffic on the bridge that connects Pelican Island to Galveston for hours.No injuries were reported and the bridge is now partially open to those leaving the island.And this is a live look at Louisville, one of the big stories there tonight from our affiliate WDRB. The PGA Championship gets underway at Valhalla Golf Club. It is the fourth time the tournament has been held there. Xander Schauffele has the first-round lead after breaking a tournament record, and tying the all-time major record low round by shooting a 62.That is tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY", from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Chicago and university police cleared an encampment of anti-Israel demonstrators this morning at DePaul University's Lincoln Park Campus.The DePaul divestment coalition began its demonstration April 30th. Today, officers ordered protesters to disperse. Police say demonstrators left the encampment voluntarily.Also today, U.C. Irvine classes went remote after several people were detained last night as an anti-Israel protest escalated prompting a massive police response. Police also cleared an encampment there."BREAKING TONIGHT", House Republicans bring to the floor a bill that would force President Biden to lift his hold on certain military aid to Israel. Registered voters seem evenly split on U.S. policy toward Israel. 32 percent say the U.S. is too supportive. 30 percent say not supportive enough. And 33 percent say about right.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram is on Capitol Hill tonight with the very latest. Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Shannon, good evening.Republicans want to force the administration to unlock heavy weapons for Israel, daring Democrats to vote no. Democrats accused the GOP of trying to expose their internal fractures.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. DAN GOLDMAN (D-NY): As a Jew, I am frankly sick and tired of the Republican Party using Israel as a political weapon to divide us. If you truly care about Israel, please stop using it as a divisive political pawn.PERGRAM (voice over): The final vote, 224 to 187. 16 Democrats voted yes. Three GOP members voted no. The Democratic split over Israel was on display outside the capitol. Progressive congressional aides protested against what they called, "funding Israel's war on civilians."Organizers instructed aides to wear masks and not carry congressional I.D.s.SAM ELGHANAYAN, KHANNA LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT: I'm here on my personal time, not as a member of the office or representative for the member.PERGRAM: There was a message here for people to wear masks and also -- and also to take off your I.D.s. Why? Why did they ask them to take off their I.D.s?ELGHANAYAN: You can --PERGRAM: And why did they ask them to wear masks? Not to identify who their demonstrators were?PERGRAM (voice over): The administration just released $1 billion in aid to Israel for other weapons. But Republicans said that's not what they agreed to last month.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): That's a pittance. That is a window dressing. That is to try to give him political cover. And now, they are defying the will of Congress.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer will not put the House bill on the floor. Schumer wants to guard against the GOP, exploiting vulnerable Democrats. Shannon?BREAM: All right. Chad Pergram on the Hill. Thank you, Chad.Israel says it is sending more troops into Rafah and that it's wearing down Hamas terrorists. The news comes as the U.S. military finishes the installation of a structure designed to facilitate humanitarian aid into Gaza.Correspondent Trey Yingst has our update tonight from Tel Aviv.TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: After weeks of construction, the American floating pier off the coast of Gaza is complete. While aid trucks are expected to pick up new deliveries of supplies in the coming days.The project is drawing backlash from some Palestinian civilians.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)NADIA AL-DEBS, DISPLACED PALESTINIAN (through translator): I strongly object to these ships and the American ships.YINGST (voice over): Despite allowing more aid to enter Gaza, Israel has expanded strikes against the strip in recent days, going after Hamas on the ground across the Palestinian territory.At a hospital in central Gaza. injured patients wait, some for treatment, others to leave the enclave.NI'MA ALI IMAD, MOTHER (through translator): We hope that you'll be able to open the Rafah border crossing for humanitarian cases, so that they can receive treatment and be provided with medication.YINGST (voice over): This Palestinian mother pleads to Israel as she tends to her injured son, Mohamed. Israeli forces have pushed deeper into Gaza's third largest city of Rafah in recent days. The move cutting the only exit for Palestinians from Gaza, and forcing hundreds of thousands to evacuate further north.Newly released satellite images illustrate the movement of civilians. Showing recently clear tents and encampments.The Israeli military says the evacuations are necessary as intense battles against Hamas in the south of Gaza rage on. The militant group is continuing to launch new ambushes against IDF troops, using their network of tunnels.YOAV GALLANT, MINISTER OF DEFENSE, ISRAEL (through translator): Several tunnels have been destroyed by our troops and additional tunnels will be destroyed soon. This activity will intensify.(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): Currently, there are key disagreements in the Israeli war Cabinet about the next steps for the war in Gaza. Amid those discussions, Israeli officials are determining how to address ongoing threats from a Lebanese militant group, Hezbollah. Shannon?BREAM: Trey Yingst, thank you very much.Up next, the federal government cuts funding for an American group with ties to the Chinese lab that some blame for the coronavirus.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight, Russian President Vladimir Putin thanks Chinese leader Xi Jinping for Beijing's proposals on ending the war in Ukraine.The two leaders met in the Chinese capital. They reaffirmed a no limits partnership they say as grown deeper, as both countries face increasing disputes with the West.Slovak authorities charged a man with attempting to assassinate populist Prime Minister Robert Fico. They say the suspect acted alone in a politically motivated attack that laid bare the extreme polarization gripping the small Central European country.Fico was in serious but stable condition after being shot multiple times in the stomach.And this is a live look at Chiba, Japan. One of the big stories there tonight. A U.S. Navy strike group's flagship aircraft carrier leaves its Japanese homeport.The departure of the USS Ronald Reagan wraps up nearly nine years of deployment in the Indo Pacific. Comes at a time of growing tension in the face of an increasingly assertive China in that region.Just some of the stories, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: The U.S. Supreme Court has upheld the authority of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The semi-independent federal agency is designed to regulate mortgages, car loans, and other lending practices.It's been criticized by conservatives and business groups for wielding too much unchecked power. But, the court's 72 majority said the agency's funding mechanism is constitutional.Two pharmaceutical companies say they will terminate the development of their experimental treatment for ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease. Biogen and Ionis say the treatment's failed to produce improvement in patient in an early to mid-stage study.This marks another setback in the search for new treatments for ALS, a rare neurodegenerative disease that affects the voluntary control of limbs and leads to breathing trouble. Most patients die from the disease within five years.In tonight's "What Happened to Wuhan" segment, the Biden administration is cutting funding to the American nonprofit organization tied to the Chinese lab that may have been ground zero for the coronavirus. Here is senior national correspondent Rich Edson.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS STATE DEPARTMENT CORRESPONDENT: The Health and Health Services Department has barred controversial research organization EcoHealth Alliance from receiving federal grants.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Was Dr. Daszak a good steward of taxpayer dollars?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He was not.EDSON: HHS notified EcoHealth Alliance's President Dr. Peter Daszak of the ban yesterday. Today the select subcommittee on the coronavirus pandemic questioned the National Institutes of Health's deputy director about his agency's oversight of federal grants.REP. BRAD WENSTRUP, (R-OH) HOUSE CORONAVIRUS SUBCOMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: It is up to the grantee to oversee themselves. This is a recipe for waste, fraud, abuse, and deception.EDSON: Hhs accuses EcoHealth of failing to adequately monitor experiments it funded at China's Wuhan Institute of Virology. It also says EcoHealth neglected to keep the U.S. government informed and provide notes from those experiments.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did EcoHealth ever produce the requested notebooks?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They have not.EDSON: In its letter to Daszak, HHS writes, quote, "Debarment is generally for a period not to exceed three years," but says that could last shorter or longer depending on circumstances. EcoHealth says it will appeal and that, quote, "We disagree strongly with decision and will present evidence to refute each of these allegations." Republicans maintain the organization funded dangerous research that may have sparked the pandemic. Democrats say the subcommittee has no proof of that.RAUL RUIZ, (D-CA) HOUSE CORONAVIRUS SUBCOMMITTEE: It has not substantiated any allegations that federal grant funding for EcoHealth Alliance created the COVID-19 pandemic.(END VIDEO TAPE)EDSON (on camera): The subcommittee has scheduled another hearing next week on EcoHealth Alliance. Chairman Brad Wenstrup has subpoenaed Dr. David Morens, a former top adviser to Dr. Anthony Fauci. Fauci is scheduled to appear before this subcommittee June 3rd. Shannon?BREAM: Rich Edson, thank you.House lawmakers are taking a closer look at the influx of Chinese nationals into the U.S. Almost 28,000 have illegally crossed the border in the past seven months. Correspondent Griff Jenkins has details tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: They are coming in from China, 31,000, 32,000 over the last few months, and they are all military age, and they mostly are men.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: It's one of candidate Trump's favorite new lines on the campaign trail.TRUMP: And it sounds like to me, are they trying to build a little army in our country? Is that what they are trying to do?JENKINS: No evidence to suggest a shadow army is being organized. But new data from CBP shows a surge of Chinese nationals at the U.S.'s southern border. So far this fiscal year, a record breaking 27,583 Chinese nationals have illegally crossed, surpassing the total of 24,125 last fiscal year. It's a nearly 8,000 percent increase from fiscal year 2021, which saw a mere 342. Eighty-five percent of the 27,000 plus were single adults, raising concerns among border officials.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, it absolutely does raise concerns. Whenever there's a large increase in numbers concerned with who these individuals are and what they are doing.JENKINS: At a House hearing this afternoon, Republicans sounded the alarm while Democrats dismissed the issue as partisan politics.PATRICK LECHLEITNER, ICE DEPUTY DIRECTOR: This surge of Chinese nationals at our border, without recent precedent, presents a major national security vulnerability ripe for exploitation.REP. YVETTE CLARK, (D-NY): We're here today because Republicans are demagoguing and exploiting the xenophobic and white supremacist ideologies that are fueling the immigration debate.(END VIDEO TAPE)JENKINS (on camera): And just moments ago, Shannon, DHS and the Justice Department announced a new recent arrivals docket intended to speed up the asylum claims process so individuals who do not qualify can be removed more quickly. Shannon?BREAM: So, Griff, also, there are reports today -- you have been covering this today about two Jordanian nationals attempting to breach, we think, security at Quantico. What's the latest on that?JENKINS: We've confirmed the story. It happened on May 3rd, two Jordanian nationals in a box truck. Now, at the gate, the driver ignored directions to stop. The two men were detained. They were turned over to ICE. No weapons were found in the vehicle. A base spokesperson says the men told officers they were working for an Amazon subcontractor, but Amazon has not confirmed that. The acting ICE director confirmed the men are in custody and going through removal proceedings.But Shannon, it's unclear whether they are illegally in the U.S. and whether they pose a national security risk. DHS and ICE have not responded to our inquiries.BREAM: Well, you have a way of getting answers on these stories. So Griff, we thank you. We'll stay tuned.JENKINS: Thank you.BREAM: Right up next, our series on toxic towns continues by efforts by victims to get compensation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. CORI BUSH, (D-MO): Cori Bush and Josh Hawley on the same side fighting for the same thing for our Missourians. You need to listen.(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Residents from communities impacted by radiation exposure were in Washington today. They are calling on House Speaker Mike Johnson to hold a vote on legislation and would offer compensation for their illnesses. As part of our series on toxic towns, we have explained how the nuclear weapons program in St. Louis may have sickened thousands in the region. My colleague Bret Baier takes a closer look at their fight for assistance.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Thanks, Shannon.The Radiation Exposure Compensation Act expires next month. As we told you previously in our series, the bill passed the Senate earlier this year but has yet to be considered in the House. It's just one effort that would offer payments to those sickened by toxic sites in parts of Missouri and other locations throughout the country. Tonight, we look at how the fight for assistance is a race against the clock.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)KIM VISINTINE, COLDWATER CREEK, JUST THE FACTS: This Radiation Exposure Compensation Act that we are looking for -- there's no windfall for anybody. It's a drop in the bucket.BAIER: Kim Visintine is another former resident of Coldwater Creek and is fighting for compensation for very personal reasons.VISINTINE: My son was born with a glioblastoma multiforme. And we were told that he was one in a million, that children just don't get this cancer.BAIER: Zach had first neurosurgery within a week. He started chemo soon after as Kim and her husband consulted specialists in an effort to cure the rare cancer.VISINTINE: Having full coverage of insurance and my husband having full conch, our out-of-pocket costs for out-of-network and specialists after a year of treatment was $100,000.BAIER: Zach lost his battle with cancer in 2006. As Kim and her husband began to process that loss, she also began to ask why this happened to their son.VISINTINE: It wasn't until years later with social media that I reconnected with a lot of grade school friends and friends that I grew up with in the neighborhood.BAIER: She started the group Coldwater Creek Just the Facts, Please, and began mapping reports of illnesses in the region.VISINTINE: We're like, oh my God, all these illnesses are around the creek, and this is our common denominator, common link.BAIER: But efforts to win compensation for their illnesses have faced hurdles.VISINTINE: Even if we get all this compensation, we will never qualify because my son -- I was exposed, hence his disease. But by the time he was born, I was living out of the zip code that's affected.REP. CORI BUSH, (D-MO): In fact, there are RICA claimants in all 50 states. We are talking about legislation that impacts every single member of Congress's constituents.BAIER: While Kim and others would not receive payments, she says the impact extends further than just individual assistance.VISINTINE: If it gives somebody a chance to just breathe and pay their bills, great. I think that's wonderful. But beyond the restitution, if we are part of the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act, that opens us up to community grants and funding for the whole area.BAIER: Do you know when the House will take up the bill, or if President Biden would sign it if it gets through?SEN. JOSH HAWLEY, (R-MO): I do know that the president would sign it, so all eyes are on the House now, Bret. The ball is in their court.BAIER: Missouri Republican Senator Josh Hawley invited Dawn Chapman to this year's State of the Union address.DAWN CHAPMAN, JUST MOMS STL: We are pushing for everything we have, because the truth is, it's too late for us. It's too late for me. It's too late for my kids.BAIER: During her time in Washington she met with other lawmakers in hopes of gaining support for the legislation.CHAPMAN: We have been able to see what has happened in other communities. So we know what we can ask for.BAIER: House Speaker Mike Johnson's office notes the legislation would cost approximately $60 billion, and it expands a program that should be winding down.BUSH: The people standing up here today are proof that World War II is still killing people in this country.BAIER: A spokesperson for Johnson tells FOX he is, quote, "working closely with interested members and stakeholders to chart a path forward for the House."It's a tough environment, right? I mean, you're a deficit hawk. You are concerned about spending. This is spending, but clearly it's to right the wrongs of the past.HAWLEY: This is an instance where the government is the one who has caused this harm. Right now, I will tell you who is paying for this. The American people are paying for it, the people of my state are paying for it, in some cases, literally with their lives.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER (on camera): We'll continue to follow what happens with that legislation and the cleanup for those toxic sites around the country. We'll send it back to you.BREAM: All right, Bret, thank you.Up next, the panel on presidential politics, executive privilege, and the latest FOX polls.And then remembering the man known as America's pastor.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: We have a lot of congressmen and some senators down today, and they are all in arms over this. They can't even believe it.REP. MATT GAETZ, (R-FL): We are here voluntarily supporting our friend, President Trump, the leader of our movement, the leader of our party, and soon, again, the leader of this great country.REP. JAMIE RASKIN, (D-MD): They are all attracted to the Mecca of the courthouse in order to demonstrate their complete obeisance and sycophancy to Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: All right, let's see what our panel thinks. Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com and host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and Olivia Beavers, congressional reporter for "Politico."OK, so you heard what was said there. We're here voluntarily. But they can say things he can't under this gag order. These are the headlines from mainstream media, with some doubts, "Republicans flock to court to kiss the ring during Trump criminal trial." "Trump allies flock to New York to say what he can't," and "Trump grip tightens with high profile loyalty tests." Is that what this is, Guy?GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: That would be part of it. I'm not sure how beneficial it is to him having people from his party there to back him up. Of course, he is not allowed to talk about this case in the gag order, which seems totally crazy to me. So he is having allies come up and show solidarity. That's fine.I think what's more helpful to him, and this is why he came out of court today and started reading quotes from other networks, some analysts and commentators who are not usually supportive to him or friendly to him, they saw what went down in court today on this cross-examination of Michael Cohen, and they were using words like "devastating."So I think in terms of maybe moving the needle in terms of public opinion, that is a stronger argument to make than, look at these Republicans supporting the Republican nominee for president.BREAM: OK, to your point about Cohen today, we have this. "Blanche highlights Cohen's history of lying." "Trump lawyer Todd Blanche repeatedly questioned former Trump attorney Michael Cohen on Thursday about the lies he has made under oath. Dating back to 2017 Blanche highlighted several instances where Cohen lied under oath, including to Congress about a Trump Tower Moscow project and federal investigators from Special Counsel Robert Mueller's office."Olivia, some of our folks who were there in the courthouse today said at times it seemed like the jury was bored. There was such a long list of lies that they were getting worn-out hearing about them.OLIVIA BEAVERS, "POLITICO": And I think the defense was trying to make this argument, Michael Cohen cannot be trusted. And you saw them repeatedly trying to poke holes in his story, especially that he spoke to Donald Trump about securing a financial deal to kill the Stormy Daniels story. And at one point you heard Blanche just yelling "You're lying." And Cohen is trying to fight him back. And that's what they were trying to deliver as the message to the jury before they rest their case.BREAM: And part of our new polling asks people, and we break this down by ideology, do you think that President Trump is getting a fair take within the legal system? Democrats clearly, 89 percent say, yes, they think it's fair, 13 percent of the Republicans by contrast. But independents, a slight majority of them, 52 percent, Matthew, they do think he is getting a fair shake.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: It's a pretty narrow majority there on the independents. And I think that explains why the trials haven't hurt Trump's position in the polling. These trials have been going on, the indictments have been going on. Trump has been leading in the polls for six months.And I differ slightly with Guy. I do think having the surrogates there helps Trump. Look, he is forced into a situation where this is a courtroom campaign. He has to be there at least four days a week. And other -- you have to show some type of party unity and amplify your message somehow. Bringing in the legislators, bringing in the potential V.P. pick seems to me a pretty savvy way to do it.BREAM: So one of the other legal fights that may soon ramp up is happening on Capitol Hill. You've got these House committees voting on whether or not to hold A.G. Garland in contempt because DOJ says they are not going to release the audio recordings of President Biden being interviewed by Special Counsel Robert Hur. "New York Times" says this, "President Biden has exerted executive privilege to deny House Republicans access to recordings of his interview with a special counsel", that was about the government documents. The move is intended to shield Attorney General Merrick Garland from prosecution if House Republicans succeed in their effort to hold him in contempt for refusing to turn over audio of his conversations with Robert Hur."Olivia, they took step one in one of the committees today. Another one may do so tonight, too.BEAVERS: Yes, and it was partisan. The second committee, the Oversight Committee had to waited for some of their members to come back from New York who went to the Trump trial. The White House is arguing that this is purely partisan, that they're just trying to get the audio to splice it and use it. And Republicans are arguing that they are not cooperating. But that would be pretty valuable audio because Hur had basically argued that, at times his memory was a big issue. And he could potentially use that to the jury over the classified documents case. And so, of course Republicans want to obtain it. And they were hinting today that they are leaning more into an idea of a lawsuit to get that audio.BREAM: Matthew, we know these things take time. And really if it's just about making sure the audio doesn't get out so it's not used for campaign ads and all that kind of stuff, it could be a moot point, quickly.CONTINETTI: Sure, but it raises the issue, why is Biden trying to suppress this audio when the transcript is already released? And the reason is he wants voters to forget about his atrocious press conference on the day that the Hur report was released. That Joe Biden who melted down in the Oval Office is a one-term president. His campaign needs to shift the ground quickly and present a more palatable face to the electorate if he wants to win a second term.BREAM: So speaking of campaigning, we've got all this new FOX polling out too on so many things, but including dealbreakers, what people, their issues, what is going to get them to the ballot box and make their decision for them. On dealbreaker issues in our new FOX News poll, abortion is at the top of the list, 15 percent, but followed very closely by economy, inflation, and border security.So, Guy, this is a bit of good news for the White House. Democrats have successfully used this issue just about every time it's come up since Dobbs overturned Roe v. Wade.BENSON: Right. And it's a dealbreaker issue for some pro-lifers, obviously. But, among those who prize this issue in terms of their number one consideration, they lean Democratic. I don't think too many of those people aren't sure who they are going to vote for, right? If you are fanatically pro-abortion rights, you are not going to vote for the Republican Party this year no matter what. I think people who see a dealbreaker issue is, for example, the economy or inflation, those might be swing voters. And we see President Trump leading by double digits over Joe Biden on that issue set.BREAM: And let's talk about the economy and inflation. It keeps showing up everywhere. And the president has been out there talking about this. And more than once he has now said that when he took the rains, essentially inflation was at nine percent. Neil Cavuto tried to go back and forth with Jared Bernstein, White House economic adviser, about this and pin him down about why the president is saying something that is demonstrably false. Here's a little bit of that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think inflation has gone slightly up. It was at nine percent when I came in.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS HOST: It was never, ever, ever nine percent when you came into office. So why does he keep saying it?JARED BERNSTEIN, COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS: Well, first of all, let me point out that in that very quote you played, the president talked about how concerned he was for households struggling with prices that he consistently --CAVUTO: That's not what I asked you.BERNSTEIN: The president was making the point that I think is unequivocally true. The factors that took inflation to nine percent were in place when he took office.CAVUTO: That is not what he said, Jared.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: OK, Matthew he is off talking points with this. Clearly, that's not accurate, just statistical, objective information that the president is sharing.CONTINETTI: He's wrong with the figure. He's wrong that the conditions were in place. Biden is spending, the recovery act is what drove a lot of this inflation. And moreover, they are wrong now when they say everything is honky dory with the economy. When you have prices raised by a fifth since Biden took office -- gas, food, rents, interest rates, consumers and voters are suffering in this economy. And until they change their messaging, they are going to continue to see poor approval numbers on this issue.BREAM: Yes, we do. We don't have these made up, but I wanted to bring these up, too, from our polling today. When people are asked about the condition of the economy, 30 percent say good or excellent, 70 percent say fair or poor. And that number, Olivia, also translates over when we ask people how is your personal situation or your family doing? Very much the same.BEAVERS: And look, the economy is one of the top priorities you can count on almost every election. Biden has maybe been able to move slightly in his favor, but he needs to do a lot of work to sell that he is making people's lives better and easier before we get to the ballot boxes.BREAM: But, Guy, has time run out?BENSON: If he keeps lying about inflation, that's not going to help. He said this nine percent lie, which is insulting untrue thing last week. He got fact checked a little bit, then he came out and he said it again this week. And clearly they cannot defend it. Try as they might -- great job by Neil Cavuto there -- there's nothing there. There is no substance to come back at. So he is in denial. And he is trying to ask us to all be in denial, too. And that might not go well for him with voters.BREAM: Do you think we're going to hear the nine percent again, or do you think there's going to be enough of a crackdown at the White House that they say you cannot keep saying --CONTINETTI: We can hear it again. With Biden, you never know.BREAM: That is a vote that we're going to hear again.All right, guys, thank you very much.Finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: Billy Graham is such a towering figure in my life as he is in all of our lives, and such a singular figure, and the leading ambassador for the Kingdom of our lifetimes.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: A bronze statue of the late Reverend Billy Graham was unveiled this morning inside the U.S. capital. Graham preached in person to more than 210 million people worldwide. His personal relationships with American presidents from Dwight Eisenhower to George W. Bush earned him the nickname America's Pastor. Graham died in 2018 at the age of 99.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, the U.S. removes Cuba from its list of uncooperative countries against terrorism.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR. We are always 6:00 p.m. eastern, 3:00 on the west coast.Thank you for watching SPECIAL REPORT. I'm Shannon Bream here in Washington. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is up next. Bye.