(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: We're out of time. Thanks to Johnny Joey Jones, Kennedy, David Angelo, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I've created over 15 million jobs, this, since I've been president.You know, we got a thousand billionaires in America. You know what their average federal taxes? 8.3 percent.The polling data is been wrong all along.-- with other world leaders. You know what they all say? Not a joke. 80 percent of them, after we have a major meeting, they go: you got to win. My democracy is at stake.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And there you have it. Breaking tonight, the fact checkers count 15 lies in 17 minutes during his sit down with CNN. Joe Biden told a lie every 68 seconds and the network that won't let former President Trump appear live did not say a word about Biden.And the state of Ohio now laying down the law on these anti-Israel protests threatening student agitators with potential prison time under a law designed to hold members of the KKK accountable. It all comes as arrests are still being made on college campuses across the country.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with the very latest on this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. We've obviously seen this movement spread across the country first out on East Coast, and then the West Coast, and then suddenly to the interior.We're talking from the New York, Washington, D.C., L.A., Seattle, Austin, Chicago, you know, just about everywhere. But as you also know, protests have since spawned encampments nationwide, including over at MIT and at UPenn.Where today, anti-Israel encampments were raised and cleared out by police, just the latest efforts by colleges across the country to finally begin to rein in escalating protests.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SAM IHNS, MIT STUDENT: MIT now has an opportunity to lead by example. Stop brutalizing your students. Show the world that you stand by your own mission, to work wisely, creatively, and effectively for the betterment of mankind.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: This, from the lead person over there at MIT -- the president, "As president, my responsibility is to the whole community: to make sure that the campus is physically safe and functioning for everyone."She goes on to add, "in numerous ways, the presence of the encampment increasingly made it impossible to meet all these obligations," and thus it was moved out.Now, as you also probably know, MIT, Penn, along with Harvard, where protesters remain camped out over on Harvard Yard, have long been in the hot seat over the respective handling of the tense debate over campuses months long Israel Gaza conflict, and all the protests and encampments that have gone along with that.Now, these protests have in part already cost the leadership at some Ivy League colleges, including over at Harvard, where, by the way, even tonight a two-week occupation of Harvard Yard continues despite pleas from the school's interim president for the protesters to finally leave. Trace.GALLAGHER: And on it goes, Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GLORIA ROMERO, FORMER CALIFORNIA STATE SENATE DEMOCRAT LEADER: Very similar to what we saw happening during COVID. To shut it down, not deal with it. The threat of cancellation of the graduations that are some of the most beloved that students have fought for, families want to come to, we call upon this university. Don't even think about it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. Now to a story you will see only on FOX NEWS AT NIGHT. Our next two guests were at UCLA demanding action on antisemitism from not only campus leaders, but California State College leaders as well.Let's bring in Fox News contributor Steve Hilton, and former California State Senator Gloria Romero. Thank you both for coming on.Steve, to you, first. You and Gloria made yourselves very clear today. This is really -- across the country, not just here in in California. This is a leadership vacuum, a leadership problem on these campuses.STEVE HILTON, FOX NEWS HOST: Exactly. A total absence of leadership. The key word there in Kevin's report, finally, finally you're seeing some action, too little too late. And in so many campuses now. And that's what we were highlighting here in Los Angeles, at UCLA.You have the leadership -- so-called Leadership, completely caving to the mob.So, they are cancelling classes, canceling commencement and graduation, totally disrupting the education that these students have a right to, that they have paid for. Some of the biggest moments of their lives being wrecked by a handful of vocal and often violent minority.And that's who gets the upper hand, because these leaders are not leading.GALLAGHER: And how would you rate the event today, Gloria? And what would you add to what Steve is saying about leadership?ROMERO: There is been a vacuum. It's been the sound of silence, it's deafening. I'm a graduate of the University of California. I did a postdoc for two years at UCLA. The antisemitism is what has fueled these protests, make no doubt about it.As somebody who has walked through Auschwitz personally, I stood today on these grounds and thought, what part of never forget did we not remember?GALLAGHER: Yes.ROMERO: And so, I -- we do call upon not only the governor of the state of California, the lieutenant governor, the A.G., the speaker of the assembly, get a backbone, stand up, provide the education that taxpayers fight for, and also end this antisemitism, not in our Golden State.GALLAGHER: Little bit of interest from the other side. Congressmember Cori Bush had this to say. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. CORI BUSH (D-MO): From GWU, to Wash U., and everywhere else, students have been violently beaten without provocation. They have been arrested and charged with disproportionate offences. They have been suspended and barred from campus. They have been denied access to food and medical services that care on campus. They have been barred from walking across the stage at graduation.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: They are antisemitic, Steve, they have held Jewish students out of classes across the country and they have -- they have spewed hateful rhetoric for weeks and weeks now.HILTON: Exactly. I mean, what a ridiculous way to look at this situation. You have over 80 percent of students in poll after pausing, they don't agree with this. They just want to get on with their education. And that is being blocked by this handful of people -- some of them are students, some of them are outside agitators. We know there's overseas money fueling all of this.And people like that, who are supposed to be standing up for the rule of law and the rights of students to study are siding with the violent mob. It is absolutely outrageous.GALLAGHER: Yes. Speaking of standing up, Steve makes a good point. You were a former state senator, Gloria Romero, and I think the L.A. Times writes this about the California Governor Gavin Newsom, as in -- where is Gavin? "Governor Gavin Newsom has lingered in the background as universities grapple with student protests, which have led to at least 200 arrests at UCLA, three injuries at U.C. Berkeley and forced classes to move online at Cal Poly Humboldt. While he's met privately with law enforcement officials and university leaders, Newsom has yet to speak to the news media about the unrest."When the Los Angeles Times is calling out Gavin Newsom. He is MIA.ROMERO: It's exactly it. There is the fear. It's the cowardice. It's the abdication of responsibility. The governor needs to stop running across the country preaching to other states about how they run their states. Protect the students in California, stand up, use your bully pulpit to end this mob violence, and let's restore the sanity to education. No hate in the Golden State. We're supposed to say.GALLAGHER: Last comment on that topic, Steve.HILTON: So, if you want an example of how outrageous this is, what's happening is right now, just today, Pomona College we saw --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.HILTON: You've got a handful of students sitting in there in the encampment. I think it's 12. The entire commencement has been moved 30 miles away. Instead of moving the handful of protesters, they are siding with them.GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: And all the hard-working majority have to totally disrupt their plans, their families plans, because the leadership won't stand up to the mob.GALLAGHER: If you're the chancellor, you walk up and say remove those students. We have a graduation to do tonight.HILTON: Exactly.GALLAGHER: Thank you very much. Gloria, Steve, thank you.HILTON: Thank you.GALLAGHER: We appreciate it. Also, a FOX NEWS @ NIGHT exclusive. Ohio's Attorney General is now issuing a warning to anti-Israel protesters who choose to wear a mask, saying they could be charged with felonies.The warning is based on a state law drafted to hold members of the Ku Klux Klan accountable. Chanley Painter is live with the brand-new information on this.Chanley, good evening.CHANLEY PAINTER, FOX NEWS HOST: Hey, Trace.Ohio's Republican A.G. actually sent a letter to university presidents alerting them of a little-known state law that could effectively crack down on law breaking campus protesters trying to hide their identity.In the letter, Dave Yost explains that the law makes it a felony to commit a crime, even a misdemeanor such as trespass with two or more other people while wearing masks.Yost hopes that by sharing the law, students will become accidental felons caught up in the moment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVE YOST, ATTORNEY GENERAL, OHIO: If we think about this, why did the KKK back in the 20th century, wear those hoods? Because they are committing crimes. And they didn't want other people to know who they were and what they were doing. And that's why the state of Ohio way back then said it's going to be a more serious crime if you're wearing a mask while you commit it -- commit that crime.The same thing is going on here. People don't want to be identified.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAINTER: Even the New York Times acknowledging how protesters are choosing anonymity to avoid potential consequences in an online world, writing, "The choice represents a sharp break by many, though not all, of these students from earlier generations of university activists, who gained their moral force in part by putting their words on record and their futures in jeopardy for a larger cause.And Trace, a violation of this Ohio anti-disguise law is a fourth-degree felony punishable by up to 18 months in prison up to $5,000 in fines, and up to five years on community control. Back to you.GALLAGHER: Chanley Painter, live for us in New York. Chanley, thank you.Let's bring in Ohio Attorney General Dave Yost. Mr. Attorney General, thank you for coming on. The New York Times wrote the following here, quoting here, "Many students protested for the first time after the murder of George Floyd in 2020, when COVID Mask mandates were still in place. They quickly learned that concealing their identities helped protect them from surveillance and media scrutiny. Kaffiyehs, a symbol of Palestinian solidarity, have come to serve the same purpose."And therein lies the problem is that you know, you have anonymity when you're all garbed up.YOST: What's exactly the idea, and frankly, that's exactly what the KKK did in the 20th century. They wanted anonymity because they didn't want to be held accountable for the acts that they were committing.And here, we just saw dramatic footage not from Ohio, but of people being forcibly removed from places that other students need to be.GALLAGHER: Yes.YOST: The commences that are coming up that where -- there are occupations going on. That's a trespass.GALLAGHER: Yes, and it's interesting, because, you know, people are wondering what you're getting? What's the -- what's the reaction in your state, Dave? Is it getting pushback? Is it mostly in favor? What are you finding?YOST: Well, the reaction I'm getting from regular people is thank you for speaking up. Thank you for pointing this out and for saying that it is a more serious thing. When you're acting in concert and acting like a mob, and hiding your identity.But, you know, candidly, our capitol city daily newspaper this morning, put out an editorial that called my letter, shameful.GALLAGHER: Yes.YOST: Look, the attorney general of Ohio, like most other places in the country, our job is to be the legal representation for the public universities and colleges. I think I would have been remiss in my duty had I not warned the presidents of the university the existence of his law.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think you're right. I mean, the First Amendment, it's great. It gives you the right to free speech, it does not give you the right to use it to violate somebody else's rights. Dave Yost, the best of luck to you, sir. We appreciate your time.Meantime, Stormy Daniels salacious testimony is now in the rearview mirror, but the entire case will likely come down to the testimony of the next witness, former Trump fixer, Michael Cohen, who takes the stand on Monday morning.Nate Foy is live in New York City outside the courthouse with the very latest, Nate, good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. So, the prosecution only has two witnesses left before resting their case, which could happen as early as next week.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Terrible --FOY: One of those two witnesses is Michael Cohen. And at the end of court tonight, or today, I should say, Trace, Trump's lawyers asked the judge to impose a gag order on Cohen because he continuously posts about the case or talks about the case on social media. Instead, the judge asked the prosecution to ask Cohen to stop doing exactly that. And Trump reacted to that after court today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: There is no gag order to Michael Cohen. What the judge did was amazing, actually. Was amazing.They can say whatever they want, but I'm not allowed to say anything about anybody. It's a disgrace.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Trace, Trump's lawyers said today that Cohen live streamed on TikTok, as recently as Wednesday, wearing a t-shirt showing Trump behind bars.On True Social tonight, Trump posted, "judge Juan Merchan refused to put a gag order on people that are truly out of control, only on the presidential candidate, me! Mistrial!Next week, prosecutors will use the Cohen testimony to try to convince the jury that Trump engaged in a scheme to pay off adult film actress Stormy Daniels.Now, Cohen paid Daniels $130,000. Lawyers from both sides next week we'll ask Cohen about what Trump knew during that time. Cohen will take the stand at 9:30 Monday morning. Trace?GALLAGHER: We will be there waiting for it. Nate Foy, live for us in New York Nate, thank you. Let's bring in Loyola Law School professor Stan Goldman. Stan, great to have you on the show.So, I don't quite get it. Maybe you can explain this to us. The judge, Juan Merchan is asking prosecutors to ask Michael Cohen to stop commenting about the case, but refuses to put a gag order. Why, Stan?STAN GOLDMAN, LAW PROFESSOR, LOYOLA UNIVERSITY: It's rare to see witnesses gagged, but it's getting close. I wouldn't be surprised if he goes on the air and over the weekend, the judge will figure out some way to get control of him, especially once he appears in court. Not having appeared in court yet there may be an issue as to how much he could be gagged.GALLAGHER: Yes. Does the track -- the track record work into that at all, Stan, because you have Michael Cohen, who's literally on X. I mean, he's -- I'm sorry, not X, TikTok. He's on TikTok. He is going over this case, he is mocking Trump. He is on, you know, YouTube. And he is making money off of this case. And yet, he's got the freedom to say what he wants and they are going after Trump.GOLDMAN: Man, if I was representing Trump, I would love this. What more can you ask? I mean, the first -- I mean, at some point, they've got to show that picture of him from two days ago.GALLAGHER: Right.GOLDMAN: With Trump in the orange and that behind this the, you know, bars? This is -- this is exactly what the defense should want. This -- all but impeaches his obvious objectivity, as if he had any. Question is, is that the jury going to believe him anyway?GALLAGHER: Yes. And that's two talk, about the jury to believe him, but he's on television, he went on MSNBC, and he is telling the jurors that they need to forget about his past lies. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER LAWYER TO DONALD TRUMP: I don't care how the media wants to portray me, he's credible. Whatever happened in the past, whatever I had owned, and the things that I claim I shouldn't have been charged with is irrelevant in this case.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It's not irrelevant. Stan, he is a convicted liar. And so, it's really tough to get that past the jury. And when you're going on national television, you're trying to convince the country and convince people, it seems like, it's not fair.GOLDMAN: What prosecution takes the witnesses it can. There plenty of cases that have been tried and successfully prosecuted based on the testimony of murderers. But I think -- I think he's got a bit of a weak armor here. He is claiming he's never done anything wrong, except at Trump's orders he had he pled guilty to tax evasion, et cetera that had nothing to do with Trump.And the thing that's going to happen is, he's in the past denied that he was telling the truth when he pled guilty. That may be the thing that twists him around and makes the jury look like he really can't tell the truth about anything once he denies his own guilty plea.GALLAGHER: Yes.GOLDMAN: And what he pled guilty to.GALLAGHER: So, if you're on Trump's team, and you're cross examining, they say, OK, Stan Goldman is going to go to the cross examine. What's the main thing you want to drag out of Michael Cohen and in front of the jury?GOLDMAN: I think what you've got is just to show a reasonable doubt. And I think what you've need is on each individual element of the charge. For example, today, there was testimony about Trump caring about his wife and his family.GALLAGHER: Right.GOLDMAN: You raise a reasonable doubt that, that may have been his motive, even if he were involved with the paying off, then it's not a violation of this felony.Same is true for Cohen. If you don't believe Cohen, although he's got some considerable circumstantial backing, in terms of texts, et cetera.GALLAGHER: Right.GOLDMAN: If you don't believe Cohen, or you have a reasonable doubt as to Cohen's testimony, he's credibility, as to whether it was instructed and done with approval of Trump.GALLAGHER: Yes.GOLDMAN: And you've also got reasonable doubt.GALLAGHER: I got to go, Stan. Do you know the crime yet? Do you know the big felony? Because I can't -- that's what they get trying --GOLDMAN: Lawyers on the jury.GALLAGHER: I can't --GOLDMAN: I think the prosecution thinks you need two lawyers to explain it to the rest of the jury.GALLAGHER: To explain it to me. I don't know --GOLDMAN: But an offense might like those lawyers because they also understand the burden of proof.GALLAGHER: Yes, very true. Stan Goldman, thank you, sir. Great to see you.Well, coming up, like a horror movie being replayed, an illegal immigrant released into the U.S. free to roam as he pleases, is now charged with kidnapping and sexually assaulting a child.We will talk to Nicole Parker as this stands, you know, the same -- doesn't have the same social impact as the death of Laken Riley, both politically and socially.Plus, during President Biden's rare sit-down interview with CNN's Erin Burnett, the New York Post editorial board counted 15 lies in 17 minutes "COMMON SENSE" and the political panel will take a look at CNN's political polygraph.And in the "NIGHTCAP", Trump keeps telling Biden he'll debate him anytime, anywhere. And for the first time, Biden said set it up. As the details are being worked out, many are very skeptical that Biden will actually debate. What do you think? Is a debate going to happen or does Biden sneak out of it? And how?Let us know X and Instagram @tracegallagher. We will read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP".Meantime, 8:19 here on the west coast to FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "TRIP ACROSS AMERICA". First, a live look at Tempe, Arizona, home to the Arizona Sun Devils.Next, Bardstown, Kentucky, the bourbon capital of the world. And finally, a live look at Providence, Rhode Island, home to the first ever Diner in the nation. Who knew?If you can't join us live, don't forget to set your DVR and watch us anytime. We are coming right back with "COMMON SENSE" on the 15th lies in 17 minutes.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, an illegal immigrant from Guatemala is now charged with kidnapping and sexual assault of a child. Fox News is learning very disturbing details tonight about why this suspect was set free inside the U.S. to allegedly attack an 11-year-old girl.Let's bring in former FBI special agent and Fox News contributor Nicole Parker. Nicole, it's great to have you on.The Palm Beach, Florida. The county sheriff there, said, this is about a suspect, his name is Marvin Perez Lopez. And the sheriff went on to say, quoting here, "We grabbed him. He confessed to the crime. So, he's going to get tried for a capital crime before he even remotely thinks he's going to get deported. He's going to do the time here first."Is that enough? Is the confession enough? Or can he change his plea, Nicole? Everybody kind of worries that there is always a backdoor or a side door out for these people.NICOLE PARKER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Let me tell you one thing. He is in the state of Florida. And in Florida, they don't mess around. He wasn't let out on bond. OK, this is not some liberal blue state. This is the State of Florida, and he will receive full justice for this alleged crime.Having worked crimes against children for the FBI, sexual assaults of minors, Trace, is absolutely abhorrent.It is gruesome. It is disgusting, and it is evil.GALLAGHER: Yes.PARKER: To take advantage of an innocent young child. They are the most vulnerable in society. And for this illegal immigrant who just come into the United States turn themselves into Border Patrol. They say hey, you know what, come back for a court date in 2027.GALLAGHER: Yes.PARKER: Unacceptable, inexcusable. And Joe Biden and his administration, they have responsibility for this and so many other crimes against the most innocent individuals in our society. Looking at Laken Riley, looking at all of these young children that are being assaulted. What is it going to take? What does it take to wake up?GALLAGHER: Yes.PARKER: Enough is enough.GALLAGHER: Well, the sheriff echoed that, Nicole. The sheriff said quoting here -- the other statement was the federal government is victimizing people.PARKER: It's sick, it's wrong. You could have stopped these individuals from ever coming into the border. And again, I am fair. I tell the truth. Under President Trump, they did not have this problem at the border. And Trace, you know, I'm originally from Texas. This directly impacts my home state of Texas. I now live in Florida. This is unacceptable. It has got to end. And you know what, frankly?GALLAGHER: Yes.PARKER: The only way it's going to end is take it to the polls and the election in November.GALLAGHER: Yes.PARKER: If you don't like what you're seeing, vote and see what happens.GALLAGHER: I just want to put this up there, Nicole, because this is a mother. They had a congressional field hearing today in Arizona, and here's one mother testifying, she lost both of her sons to drugs. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JILL FAGAN, MOTHER OF FENTANYL VICTIMS: I recently lost two of my boys just three weeks apart due to the Fentanyl crisis in Arizona.This virtual flood of pills both into and through Arizona, which has dramatically worsened in the current administration allowed my boys to make choices they may not have.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: That's exactly right. I mean, they may not have been able to make that choice, but it just keeps flooding across.I've got about 30 seconds for you.PARKER: Yes, I mean, the federal crisis just added to the list of things and tragedies that are occurring, because we have a wide, open border. And let me tell you, this country, unfortunately, I believe we are sitting ducks, and a potential terrorist attack could potentially be right around the corner.GALLAGHER: Yes.PARKER: I mean, you're seeing what's happening on colleges -- college campuses, FBI and DOJ don't seem to be anywhere to speak up about this. But this has got to end. And unfortunately, more and more people are speaking up. Fortunately, they are speaking up. They are seeing what's going on and you need to open your eyes and take what action you can. As a citizen, you have the right to vote.GALLAGHER: Yes. Nicole Parker, great to see you. Thank you.PARKER: Thank you.GALLAGHER: Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" would note that during his 17-minute interview on CNN, fact checkers say that President Biden told 15 lies. That's one lies every 68 seconds. A pace that might even give Geppetto pause.And how many times was the president challenge during those 15 fabulism? Zero.I mean, it is CNN. But then again, isn't CNN the network that prides itself on the truth? Isn't CNN the network that won't carry a speech live by former President Trump because of his quote, misleading claims? Misleading?CNN relishes misleading. Russian collusion, bounty gate, Brett Kavanaugh, Covington Catholic kids, laptops, replete with Russian disinformation.At least, President Biden's tall tales tend to be repeat offenders that run his stereotypical gamut. You know, billionaires don't pay taxes, the economy is great, the polls are always wrong, and he is always right. Common Sense's favorite fib is Biden saying that when he came into office, inflation was at nine percent.It was actually 1.4 percent, but who's counting? More importantly, who's countering? Certainly not CNN. After all a Biden lie is a fading memory, a Trump lie is an assault on democracy. It's a political polygraph where the media decides when a lie is a lie. Common sense thinks even Geppetto would have created a more honest model.Let's bring in California Republican National Committeeman, Shawn Steel, and California GOP Delegate, Roxanne Hoge. Roxanne, to you first. I just want to play a little bit, a few of them. It went on for like a minute and 20 seconds, our montage. We couldn't have that long. So, we're going to play a few of the 15 lies. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Other than Herbert Hoover, he's the only other president who lost more jobs than created. And look at what he says he's going to do if he gets elected. He says, he's going to do away with what I've done on Medicare, reducing the price of Medicare. And then, he's going to put in a 10 percent tax, which is going to increase everybody's cost to average American cost, $1,500 a year. Civilians have been killed in Gaza as a consequence of those bombs and other ways in which they go after population centers.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: They pre-empt Trump from speaking and this goes on unchecked.ROXANNE HOGE, CALIFORNIA GOP DELEGATE: Well, they need to update the software because clearly the chip they've implanted into Biden just it's on a roll and he can't get off that path.GALLAGHER: It is a path. That's the whole thing. It is one of those things. Speaking of lies, Shawn, I thought this might be kind of interesting for you because Chuck Schumer yesterday was trying to convince the country that it was actually the Republicans who are responsible for these 11 million illegal immigrants crossing the border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): Republicans are going on and on and on about the border, but facts are stubborn things. When Americans asked this year who is to blame for the continued mess at the border, they should listen to the words that came from Donald Trump himself. He said, please blame it on me. That's what Trump said.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It's just so easy. Defund the police. Oh, that was Republicans. Yes, when it polls bad, Shawn, you know the Democrats are going to start twisting.SHAWN STEEL, CALIFORNIA REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEEMAN: You know, Schumer's just such an automatic serial liar. He just keeps doing this. It's like a Soviet Union 30 years ago. Whatever you say, it's the upside down. But we're seeing this today in real life. We see this on the college campuses. We see this as Democrat politicians. We see this with professional agitators. Schumer's no different, but the best part is nobody believes him.GALLAGHER: Yes, I know and that's the whole thing, and here's the reason why I mean I talked about polls but put up this ABC IPSOS poll this is voter preferences on major issue. The top one is the border and Trump's up by 17, Roxanne. The economy, 14; inflation, 14; crime, eight. So, when you see the border is number one and he's up by 17, what do you do? You got to start fibbing about the border a little bit.HOGE: They have nothing else to do because the sad truth is that story you told earlier, if you Google illegal alien sexual assault, you get a lot of stories, not just that one. And people know what they're seeing.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's true. The voters under 30, my last poll here, which I thought was kind of interesting. So, in 2020, you had Biden with a 25-point lead, Shawn Steel, voters under 30. And you look now, almost four years later, and you've got Trump up by 18. You do the math that is a 43 percent swing. It is unheard of in politics and yet there it is.STEEL: That's one sample. This is a one-shot. This is going on and on and on in the African-American community, in the Latino community, Asian- American community, among younger women. We're seeing trends that we haven't seen for a Republican in about since Ronald Reagan and it's not going away. It seems to be increasing.GALLAGHER: Yes, 15 seconds if you want to add to that.HOGE: If you do those polls outside a grocery store or gas station, the numbers are only going to go up.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's fair. Roxanne, Sean, thank you both.Coming up, what would you do if your child's school allowed satanic priests to serve as volunteer chaplains? We're talking public schools. This could happen in Oklahoma if a new bill becomes law. The state superintendent says Satanists are not welcome in schools, but they are "welcome to go to hell". That superintendent, Ryan Walters, joins us live next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: So, how about this for some Friday food for thought. We are tracking similar bills in a couple of red states that would allow satanic priests to serve as volunteer chaplains in public schools. Marianne Rafferty is live with the new information on this. Marianne, good evening.MARIANNE RAFFERTY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Trace, at least two red states have proposed bills to allow chaplains in public schools. Now one Satanic group is saying it would place its own ministers on school campuses if given the chance. Florida and Oklahoma legislatures both considering bills to place clergymen in schools. Florida has two bills being considered, and the Satanic Temple Organization says if they pass it, it will gladly place Satan-worshipping priests on campuses. Governor Ron DeSantis says it'll never happen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): Some have said that if you do a school chaplain program that somehow you're going to have Satanists running around in all our schools. I just want you to understand, we're not playing those games in Florida. That is not a religion, that is not qualifying to be able to participate in this. So, we're going to be using common sense when it comes to this. So, you don't have to worry about that.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAFFERTY: The Satanic Temple's co-founder challenged Florida Governor Ron DeSantis to a debate on religious freedom after the governor singled that group out. And in Oklahoma, school superintendent Ryan Walters didn't mince words when responding to the idea of Satanists in schools, telling Fox News Digital, "Let me be crystal clear, Satanists are not welcome in Oklahoma schools, but they are welcome to go to hell." The Republican superintendent had that to say, and you can't really get much clearer than that, can you?GALLAGHER: You cannot, Marianne. Thank you. And let's bring in that Oklahoma State Superintendent who says Satanists are welcome to go to hell, Ryan Walters. Mr. Superintendent, thank you. The Executive Director of the Satanic Temple said the following, quoting here: "We are committed to offering compassionate guidance to students who come to us so that we can help make positive changes in their lives by listening to their needs and providing support." Kind of vague, what is the real goal? What's the deal here and would you allow them to go into schools?RYAN WALTERS, OKLAHOMA SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENT: Yes, you know, I'm not surprised that people that worship Satan lie. So, they are liars. What they're trying to do in worshiping Satan is destroy the lives of children, undermine the very Judeo-Christian values of this country, and destroy our schools. Satanism is not a religion.We will not allow them in our school. Our bill will not allow Satanists into our schools. It will only allow religions. Religions that we have protected in this country since the outset of our founding. And so, it's very clear Satanists want to destroy families, want to destroy kids' lives by worshipping the devil. That's not a religion.We will not allow them in our schools. And it is interesting, Trace, we've had chaplains in the military, we've had chaplains in Congress. Under President Trump you didn't see the Satanists believing they could actually inject themselves into schools, but under President Biden he has really cleared the way where they, they feel very emboldened to try to get in there and influence our kids and they are not going to send our kids to hell.GALLAGHER: Yes, not only is it not a religion, it might be an anti- religion. The Satanic Temple mission says the following, "Provided religious exemption and legal protection against laws that unscientifically restrict people's reproductive autonomy, exposed harmful pseudo-scientific practitioners in mental health care, organized clubs alongside other religious after-school clubs in schools, besieged by proselytizing organizations, and engaged in other advocacy in accordance with our tenets." I mean, why is this happening? Why are these bills even coming up?WALTERS: You know, we want the influence of Christian ministers. We understand that Judeo-Christian values were a foundation of this country. In the 1960s, the Supreme Court weaponized the federal government against Christians. We have allowed our schools to be state-sponsored centers of atheism.So, we want our Christian communities, we want the Judeo-Christian values of our country to have influence in our schools. What we will not allow are Satanists to hijack these bills, Satanists to try to bully their way into our schools, and so we will stand firm against it. It's not a religion. The founders -- I mean, Trace, you can go back and it shows you how the left has also taken history and warped it.The founders did not believe you were going to invite Satan into our public schools. What they wanted to do was protect the faith of our citizens to be able to practice their religious beliefs in school and tell the foundation of our history which is our Judeo-Christian values.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think that's exactly right. Superintendent Ryan Walters, thank you for coming on the show as always, sir, we appreciate it.WALTERS: Thank you.GALLAGHER: Meantime, a follow up to story we brought you a few weeks ago about the faith leader in Florida who baptized hundreds of people in the Gulf of Mexico on Easter Sunday. She is now celebrating the sacrament again, this time working out of a pickup truck outside of a Miami movie theater. Let's bring in Senior Leader of the Core Group, Jenny Weaver.Jenny, it's great to have you on the show again. We just love checking in with you. I know you are, I mean, we're talking about the Satan, the Satanic school people there. I know you are an ex-witch turned minister. What do you think about the Satanic chaplains very quickly before we move in to your, to your part of the conversation?JENNY WEAVER, FAITH LEADER: Yes, I agree with what the gentleman said that they are trying to infiltrate and get into our schools and destroy good godly values and we got to push against that because we have to protect our children. It is literally nonsense and I'm supporting for Christians to go in and say we're not having this.GALLAGHER: While you are talking, Jenny, on the right hand of the screen we are seeing these baptisms. We've all heard of the Endless Summer, and we've heard of the Summer of Love. You are calling this the Summer of Baptism. What's the plan throughout the next three or four months?WEAVER: Yes, that is the word that we are running with, the Summer of Baptisms. The plan is to go to as many places and allow people from all over to come and get baptized. People are wanting hope. People are desperate for a change. And we believe that they will find that in Jesus. And so, it is amazing. Tomorrow, we will actually be on the beach baptizing thousands of people. And we have six different locations all over the United States and even one in New Zealand that's happening. So, it is a really amazing.GALLAGHER: You say you're fishing for souls, Jenny. I'm wondering what's the bait? What are you telling these people? What's the sell here?WEAVER: Come get transformed. That's what it is. Come get transformed. This is not hype. This is not just, oh, it's going to make you feel good for a moment, then it's going to be a passing thing. This is an eternal thing and people can find it. The transformation is in Jesus. As you said in the beginning, I am an ex-Wiccan. I was homeless. I was living on the streets. I was literally cutting myself constantly and now I am completely changed and there's only one thing that did that and that is Jesus. So, that's what we're telling people, come get transformed.GALLAGHER: Yes, Jenny, we love having you on the show. The best of luck to you. Come back mid-summer, let us know how it's going, and we will welcome you with open arms. Happy weekend, thank you. Meantime, coming up the great debate --WEAVER: Thank you, Trace.GALLAGHER: -- Biden versus Trump. Will it really happen? President Biden said today, set it up. Is he finally ready to take on Trump? Let us know, X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We will read your responses in the "NIGHTCAP."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Friday night, we are back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Chanley Painter, Marianne Rafferty, Steve Hilton, Roxanne Hoge, and Stan Goldman. Tonight's topic, open for discussion. In response to Trump's challenge to debate right now anywhere, President Biden said for the first time, set it up. Still many questions whether it'll actually happen since Biden's public appearances seem to be a bit guarded and a bit rare. Is it going to happen? Will there be any special rules attached? Let's check in with our political expert Kevin cork on this. Kevin, what's your thought?CORKE: OK, I think it'll happen. I do think what you'll also see very quickly is President Biden will get a break from the media. No real surprise. President Trump will be treated more harshly. Ultimately, I think this will be a very good barometer probably we'll get more than one, but we'll see.GALLAGHER: So, nothing will change.CORKE: Yes.GALLAGHER: Chanley Painter?PAINTER: I agree with Kevin. I think we will see at least one presidential debate. But do candidates ever really follow the rules if there are any during a debate?GALLAGHER: Yes, I think they probably don't. So, that's the whole thing. Steve Hilton, you know, because a lot of political guy like you, a lot of talk about this. And you know Biden's going to have a thousand outs as they go down the road.HILTON: Yes, I think what you're going to have the debate, they're going to give him six days off or whatever it is before the debate just like the state of the union.GALLAGHER: Is he going to yell again?HILTON: They're going to pump him full of drugs. That's how he's going to get through it. And you know, covering him in makeup and you know, we'll see what happens.GALLAGHER: Yes. Stan Goldman.GOLDMAN: I doubt if he'll be the only one covered in makeup, but it'll happen if the polls are close. If somebody's five or six points ahead in the swing states, it's not going to happen because they won't agree to it.GALLAGHER: What if Trump is five or six points ahead?GOLDMAN: I think Trump won't agree to it. I think Biden won't agree to it if Biden's five or six points ahead. I think it's got to be close for this to happen.GALLAGHER: OK. Roxanne Hoge.HOGE: Biden did not agree to a debate. He thought they said ice cream at 8:00. And so, he said, set it up. That's what the guy is saying.GALLAGHER: Very good, Roxanne Hoge. So, no debate, ice cream at 8:00. Marianne Rafferty, your thoughts on that?RAFFERTY: Yes, I'm going to be a naysayer. I don't think it's going to happen. I don't think he really meant that he was going to do it.GALLAGHER: Yes. I'm going to take bits and pieces. I think one debate does happen. They set up one debate, but it's very controlled. It'll be a friendly moderator, and it's going to be, you know, it's going to be very Biden-friendly just because it'll be by a friendly media company that does the whole thing. So, that's my take. So, we asked our social media followers, do you think the debates will happen? And here it is, yes, eight percent on X, 21 percent on Instagram. Not very confident.Julie Hamill, our friend, says, "Trace, put us out of our misery, please. No one wants to see a geriatric rematch of 2020. So sad."Jim Hagstrom, "Yes, the debate will happen, but it won't ask anything relevant. What is your favorite flavor of ice cream?" Nice!Karen Pobiak, "Unless a miracle occurs and Biden is cognitively aware, there will not be a debate."BOB, "Yes, Trump will debate Biden's replacement." Ooh!Cecil Claude Tatum, "Not unless Biden brings his teleprompter with him."And C. Sperling, "Biden's handlers won't allow it. Early voting will have already begun by then."Thank you all. Thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. Have a great weekend. We'll see you back here on Monday.