MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, guys, thank you very much. Continued breaking news coverage this afternoon. I'm Martha MacCallum and this is THE STORY.And it's actually breaking at the same time in a few locations right here in New York City on this block in Manhattan inside the courthouse. President Trump is inside that room, and he is battling the judge over gag orders, listening to hours and hours of testimony about the check and who wanted the check and who signed the check. We're going to go there live in minutes with an update from the courtroom.But meanwhile uptown, all hell broke loose. Students broke the windows, jammed open the doors, then locked the doors. They're now occupying a Columbia University building which is named for founding father Alexander Hamilton. As the university continues, essentially, they just put out another statement, but they're not really doing anything.They're saying they will do something which they've been saying basically since the beginning. It is unbelievable. They have shut down, these protesters, every single administration plea. So, how is this happening and where does this end?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is 100 percent assault. What is your name? What is your name?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All right, walk out, walk out. Grab him.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, the tie's on there.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Shut it down! Shut it down! Shut it down! Shut it down!(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Unbelievable, right? They're still in there. They're just getting pizzas sort of pulled up on a pulley system to bring them in. They're not showing any signs of leaving. They say they want to stay until through graduation. So, they've got several weeks to go when they plan to be holed up in that administration building.We've got a big lineup for you. Laura Ingraham is here in a moment. New York Congresswoman Elise Stefanik joins us as well. Correspondent Alexis McAdams live with the breaking news from Columbia and Chief Legal Correspondent Shannon Bream down at the courthouse where the former President Trump is in the middle of his case and we begin with Shannon. Good afternoon, Shannon.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF LEGAL CORRESPONDENT: Good to see you, Martha. So, I just stepped out of arguments as they were talking with Keith Davidson who is an attorney who represented both Karen McDougal and Stormy Daniels. He's talking about how deals came together for Karen McDougal with AMI, the publisher of the National Enquirer.And it turns out, you know, she has made statements publicly. She didn't really want to go out there and tell her story about Trump, that she had, "loved him", that she voted for him, all of these things in retrospect. But at the time she saw the AMI deal, when she was being offered other deals, as a way to, "relaunch" her career.There would be magazine articles and covers that would allegedly be part of this, but AMI bought the rights to her story and the language was essentially that they had the rights to any romantic or physical relationship that she'd had with a married man.And Keith Davidson on the stand has testified that he understood that to be Donald Trump. Now, he's just started talking about how Stormy Daniels was a client of his and how it came to be that there were conversations about information leaking out, a blog post that connected her to some kind of physical relationship or allegation of one with President Trump.And now Michael Cohen has entered the conversation. So, we heard from Cohen's banker this morning. Now we're hearing from Keith Davidson about these deals coming together. But no one has connected President Trump to being a part of these deals, aware of these deals on any of the communications about the deals, which means it then falls to Michael Cohen to sort of be the linchpin for this whole thing.Obviously, the defense is going to go after him and say he's been a proven liar. There are courts that have called him that, and he's going to be the guy eventually that will take the stand to try to link these deals all together, Martha.MACCALLUM: All right, Shannon, thank you very much. We'll go back there as news breaks from the courthouse this afternoon, waiting for probably a couple of an hour or so. Usually, they wrap up around 4:30. We may hear from the president on the other side of this when he leaves, but let's go live now to Columbia University where we find correspondent Alexis McAdams who knows the situation there very well. She's been there live over the last several days. Alexis, what's going on now?ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha, well, as you mentioned just a short time ago we saw those student protesters inside of that campus using a rope to bring in supplies and a milk crate, so they seem like they're getting pretty comfortable in there. It was chaos last night at Columbia.I left here right before midnight after doing some live shots. Things were calm at least we thought until then they moved in into that Hamilton Hall and took over saying they're not leaving until they get their long list of demands using a hammer to smash through that glass. Watch this.OK, so the school saying these students who broke into the building will now be expelled. The group of protesters with their faces covered filming as they smash the windows. So, why did they do this if there's an answer to that?Well, according to these groups on social media, they said they wanted to liberate this building and they showed the university, they think, that they're not afraid of what they believe are ongoing empty threats of suspension and being expelled. That is the next step here according to the administration.And President Minouche Shafik, who gets growing calls for her to step down, she says these kids are now going to be expelled. They won't be at graduation but that didn't cut it. So, they've now renamed these protesters, according to them, from Hamilton Hall to Hintz Hall after a 6- year-old Palestinian girl who was killed in Gaza a few months back.And you can check it out there on your screen. Those students have been in there for hours. So, they're hungry I guess. They're pulling in supplies, they're pulling in food, they're taking over that hall, and it continues. But the NYPD has not had any calls to help clear these students just yet. Listen.MACCALLUM: The scene you're seeing right now, Alexis just hang for one second, this is police moving closer to some of the barricades and some of these barricades, you see the students moving forward with them, pushing the police back at UNC, and you can see how this kind of situation gets tense, but at the moment, we're not seeing any arrests.We have been seeing, we saw a number of arrests yesterday afternoon, but this is the scene at Chapel Hill this afternoon where there seems to be a little bit of a push between the police and the students on campus as they sort of create their own barriers and where they are willing to, you know, you see them kind of moving forward and the police moving backward here.Some yelling at the police from the students. So obviously we're going to keep a close eye on this. Now, they're spraying tear gas at these students, and you can see them turning around covering their eyes. Because this is a standoff between police and students at UNC Chapel Hill.So, they are spraying them at this point and they're sort of defiantly moving forward. All right, we'll keep a close eye on this situation. Let's swing over to Alexis who is speaking with a student at Columbia. Alexis?MCADAMS: Yes, Martha, I mean you see scenes like that, right, at University of North Carolina Chapel Hill and then you come here to New York City where student David Pomerantz is a sophomore here. That's not happening here. The NYPD has not moved in because the school hasn't called them to. Do you think at this point, after you saw what happened inside of that Hamilton Hall, that the NYPD should move in?DAVID POMERANTZ, STUDENT: Absolutely, they have an obligation to move in. They were actually alerted last night. I called the NYPD, as did several of my friends, alerting them that an ongoing riot was in process. Students were being assaulted, a group of mobsters had taken hammers to destroy the windows, as you just showed your viewers. So, the NYPD has an obligation to show up and resolve this.MCADAMS: Who's in charge here? Is it the students, does it seem like, here when you walk around campus? Or is it the president, Minouche Shafik? Who do you think has the power?POMERANTZ: Last night it was certainly not Shafik, it was certainly not the NYPD, it was the mob. The mob was in charge, the mob had total control of the situation. There was no public safety presence at all, calls to the police went unheeded. Shafik has to do her job and bring order to this campus. It's out of hand.MCADAMS: Do you think she should step down? I mean, she's given these student protesters quite a lot of chances here. It's like, OK, 2:00 yesterday, get out of here. They're still here. Now they're inside the building bringing in pizzas. What needs to happen?POMERANTZ: Yes, I think that's certainly a good conversation to be had. But in the meantime, while she still has the job, she has to be doing more. She tried to negotiate with these individuals. She allowed these illegal encampments to fester and go on and on for weeks after weeks.As you know, in these other universities, it's being handled very differently. The police are coming in immediately and cleaning them out. When you negotiate with these people, when you set deadlines that aren't met, it emboldens them and it leads to what we saw last night.MCADAMS: Definitely. Well, thank you very much. And Martha, that's kind of what we're hearing from a lot of students here. A lot of the Jewish students don't feel safe. They want to see that action taken quick.MACCALLUM: He makes a lot of sense. He expects the president of the University to actually be a leader of the University. And it's a good thing Uber Eats apparently comes to occupied protest buildings on university campuses because they're lifting up pizzas. Laura Ingraham is here. We're glad to have her with us, the host of the "INGRAHAM ANGLE". Alexis, thank you very much.You know, so the students, Laura, welcome to you. The students called and this is what it would take to trigger a New York police presence on campus because they said if someone called and said there's a crime taking place here, they would be able to come on the campus. So, they called and said there's a riot happening, they're breaking into the building, but it looks like they held back. What do you make of where this stands today?LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, let's think of it this way, Martha. If this were a group of America First, MAGA, pro-life students that were just kind of fed up with what was going on in the country and they had pulled one-one hundredth of the stunts that some of these folks have pulled on campus, they would still be sitting in jail.They probably would be you know looking at real jail time and this thing would have been dealt with. But I, when I was listening to the great reporting from Alexis and your conversation, I was looking at the board of trustees of Columbia University.The individuals that are charged with the governance of Columbia University, they have lots of high-powered hitters on this board including the former DHS Chief Jay Johnson. People like, journalist Clare Shipman other are really big deal business folks.Now, they cannot be happy with what they're seeing at the University that they're ultimately responsible for overseeing. I mean, the president actually is serving at the pleasure of the Board of Trustees. So, President Shafik should be answering to them at this point, but my question is, what are they afraid of? I mean, of course these students are going to do this.Why wouldn't they? They're going to order pizza. I'm surprised they're stopping at pizza. Why don't they get sushi? And why don't they have the university pay for it, Martha? But this is going to end up in a very dangerous situation. It already has, and it seems like that's what they want here, but Dr. Frankenstein's monsters coming to devour him. That's what we're seeing.MACCALLUM: Yes, I mean, these markers that have been laid down, you know, yesterday at 2:00, then we're definitely going to expel you.INGRAHAM: That's ridiculous.MACCALLUM: I mean, it's so feckless, this process. It's like a parent who says, oh, you can't have any ice cream. You know, OK, well, you can't have any more ice cream. I mean, absolutely -- this is leadership 101. If you say you're going to do something, you better be ready to move at 2:00 if that's what you say you're going to do. They're clearly running this whole situation.Now, what about the people like Jerry Nadler and Chuck Schumer and the leadership, Democrat leadership in New York, Laura? I looked back at what Jerry Nadler said about the January 6th rioters, and he said the explicit racist and anti-Semitic tone of the attack on the Capitol is deeply disturbing. And he was very upset that the Department of Justice wasn't going after more people. Where is he now?INGRAHAM: Well, they're still, well, of course this is a disaster for them politically, they know it, so they think that they can kind of back away from it quietly, condemn anti-Semitism and social media posts as they've done, but as short of, you know, short of like getting to campus and demanding that the Board of Trustees remove the president and that this thing gets handled immediately, frankly none of it's worth anything.We saw what they did after Charlottesville, they had a very, very vocal response to that. That became the raison d'etre for Biden to run for the presidency. So, if Charlottesville was the reason to run for the presidency, what is this?MACCALLUM: Yes, he said he was shocked at the anti-Semitism that he saw there and wanted to run for the presidency because of it. And now very quiet from all these individuals.INGRAHAM: Martha, I would say that back to the video that you were showing from Chapel Hill, did you see that dynamic there? You had one or two students. It wasn't a big crowd, I don't think, but one or two students, at least what I saw. And the police were backing up. That's just ridiculous.I mean, why are they backing up? They should move in, put an end to this, and say, look, if you want to protest, that's fine, but you can't disrupt campus, and the other kids have to be able to go to class, and, you know, we're all for the First Amendment, but this is, this is obviously way out of hand.MACCALLUM: And then one of them pulled out mace or tear gas or something, one of the police officers, and sprayed it at some of them, but yes, they looked like they were on their heels, you know, which is --INGRAHAM: They've gone backwards.MACCALLUM: Yes, exactly.INGRAHAM: Which is not good.MACCALLUM: All right, Laura, thank you so much. We look forward to seeing you tonight on the angle. Thanks for being with us.INGRAHAM: All right. You take care.MACCALLUM: So, a short time ago, House Republicans announcing a probe aimed at holding school administrators accountable for anti-Semitism on college campuses, saying there's no place for this in the United States and that there has to be some sort of pushback on all of this.The House GOP Conference Chair, Elise Stefanik, is part of this initiative. Remember this moment a few months back, when all of this, go back to this moment, because this is when all of this was really ramping up. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) REP. ELISE STEFANIK (R-NY): Does calling for the genocide of Jews violate Harvard's rules of bullying and harassment, yes or no?CLAUDINE GAY, FORMER PRESIDENT, HARVARD UNIVERSITY: It can be depending on the context.STEFANIK: What's the context?GAY: Targeted as an individual. Targeted as -- at an individual. (INAUDIBLE).(CROSSTALK)STEFANIK: It's targeted at Jewish students -- Jewish individuals. Do you understand your testimony is dehumanizing them?(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: New York Congresswoman Elise Stefanik joins me now. She is a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Congresswoman, good to have you with us today. Thank you very much for joining us today.You know, I wonder did you think or hope at that point that those exchanges would lead to a stronger hand on these campuses? And what do you think about what happened?STEFANIK: Absolutely. The hope in those hearings was to highlight the importance of our universities to protect Jewish students and to strongly and clearly condemn anti-Semitism.We have seen the exact opposite. In the case of both Harvard and Penn, while their university presidents were forced out, because of their morally bankrupt answers to my question in that historic hearing, we have not seen those schools step up to protect Jewish students.Then, of course, we have the Columbia University hearing with President Shafik, where, clearly their strategy was say whatever you have to, to get through the hearing, to try to avoid the fate of the Penn and Harvard president. But yet, their actions, they weren't taking any action on campus to protect Jewish students, to address the rise of anti-Semitism.And now, you see, President Shafik, just failing instead of standing up for safety and security on campus, instead of showing moral leadership, they have allowed the pro-Hamas mob to violently take over the historic Hamilton Hall, named after Alexander Hamilton.So, our schools are -- it is a crisis across America, not just at the elite schools, but you are seeing at higher-ed institutions across America, which is why House Republicans under Speaker Johnson's leadership have announced a congressional wide investigation and probe on this.Looking at federal dollars, looking at the foreign student visas, looking at foreign funding, making sure that we're standing up for U.S. taxpayers who fund many of these institutions.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes, it's a great point.STEFANIK: There is so much work to do, Martha.MACCALLUM: Yes, it's a great point. In terms of these foreign student visas, if students are arrested, and the police figure out that they are here on a student visa, should they be deported?STEFANIK: Yes, absolutely, they should be deported. Just take a step back, Martha. These are -- I don't call them protesters. They are pro-Hamas members of the mob, who are calling for the eradication of Israel, they are calling for genocide against Jews around the world and in America. It is unthinkable that we are allowing this to happen at U.S. universities.We are supposed to be the moral leader. And our university presidents have absolutely failed. And you know, who else has failed? The professors who instead of standing up for academic integrity and moral leadership are supporting these university presidents who have become apologists for this anti-Semitic, not only verbal harassment, but behavior. So, yes, they absolutely should be deported.MACCALLUM: You know, this is a pretty slippery slope. I mean, where does this end? I mean, if the universities start to cave here, I mean, they're already caving. But, you know, that's a signal, right? It's a signal to Iran, it's a signal to Israel about U.S. support for Israel overall.STEFANIK: Yes. And again, people around the world are watching. There is a reason why the testimony of the Harvard, Penn, and MIT presidents was the most viewed testimony in the history of the United States Congress with over 1 billion views in a week. And that wasn't just views within America, that was views around the world.So, these universities need to step up. And they are failing to do so. So, Congress is going to step in. Because remember, Martha, billions of dollars of hard-earned taxpayer dollars, go to support these universities.MACCALLUM: Yes.STEFANIK: And America taxpayers don't want to support anti-Semitism. They oppose anti-Semitism. And we know that we're going to continue to stand up for what's morally right. And the other double standard that we're seeing from these universities, in the case of Columbia, Harvard, Penn, they ranked the lowest of the low when it comes to standing up for freedom of speech. They only vociferously defend freedom of speech when it comes to calling for the genocide of Jews. And that hypocrisy has been so clear.MACCALLUM: Yes, I mean, you know, we have seen federal funding threatened if you are not treating black students, gay students, students of all different backgrounds fairly, and it's hard to imagine a scenario where it shouldn't be also threatened in this case when you're not protecting Jewish students.GOP conference chair, Elise Stefanik, thank you. Thank you so much for being here today.STEFANIK: Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Good to see you.So, coming up this hour, Trump attorney Alina Habba, as the former president sits right now in the courtroom. She will tell us about the fines that he has to pay for the gag order violations and being held in contempt of court. What's going to happen now that, that has happened as we wait to see if President Biden will break his silence on the mob of anti-Israel protesters who have taken over the main building -- this is the admission center, the dean's offices at Columbia University.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AMERICAN CROWD: Brick by brick, wall by wall.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Israel will fall.AMERICAN CROWD: Israel will fall.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Brick by brick, wall by wall.AMERICAN CROWD: Brick by brick, wall by wall.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Zionism will fall.AMERICAN CROWD: Zionism will fall.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, the White House says it's wrong for protesters to forcibly take over a building. They have been pressed to speak out in some way, shape, or form on this. We have seen that today at Columbia, where the students have taken over the Hamilton University building.And they are inside, they had supplies brought up, delivered up through a rope pulley just a few moments ago.The White House also saying that hate speech and symbols -- hate symbols have no place in America. So, former President Trump is speaking outside of his criminal trial here in New York saying that the nation needs to hear on all of this from President Biden himself.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: The Biden protests that are going on a horrible joke goes by him because he doesn't know how to speak, he can put two sentences together. He's got to get out and make a statement. Because the college is being overrun in this country.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: White House correspondent Peter Doocy, reporting live from the North Lawn. Hi, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: And Martha, President Biden walked right on by about an hour and a half ago, as we were shouting questions to him about these campus protests for whatever reason officials here would rather have staffers in charge of speaking out against hate speech.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: The president believes that forcibly taken over a building on campus is absolutely the wrong approach. That is not an example of peaceful protest. And, of course, as we -- you've rightly noted, hate speech and hate symbols also have no place in this country. A small percentage of students shouldn't be able to disrupt the academic experience."(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: And then, there is this from spokesman Andrew Bates. It says, "President Biden has stood against repugnant antisemitic smears and violent rhetoric his entire life. He condemns the use of the term Intifada," and he -- "as he has the other tragic and dangerous hate speech displayed in recent days. President Biden respects the right to free expression, but protests must be peaceful and lawful. Forcibly taking over buildings is not peaceful -- it is wrong. And hate speech and hate symbols have no place in America."And I am just going to look right now, because the White House has sent out a proclamation on Jewish American Heritage Month for 2024. President Biden is probably not going to talk about this on camera at any point today. The only thing on his public schedule is a campaign event at a high school in Wilmington. Martha.MACCALLUM: Trying to win over those Delaware voters. Peter, thank you very much. Good to see you today. All right, let's bring in Hogan Gidley, former Trump reelection campaign, national press secretary, and former White House principal deputy press secretary, now, America First Policy Institute senior advisor for strategic communications.And David Carlucci, former Democratic New York State Senator, great to have both of you with us.David, let me start with you. It seems that this has all gotten to a point where the White House now, obviously, feels like they need to respond in a more forceful way. I'm not sure if you know, John Kirby saying, you know, this hate speech has no place in America is really going to change anything on these campuses. Do you?DAVID CARLUCCI, FORMER STATE SENATOR OF NEW YORK: Well, right, I agree. I think these students and whoever else is extremely motivated to have a ceasefire. But I think we all agree that they are going about it the wrong way. That even if Colombia decided to agree with them, and close all ties to Israel, that's really not going to do anything to bring forth a ceasefire.So, the rhetoric is getting out of control. And we need to balance that ability to express your first amendment right. But also, the freedoms and protections that other -- every other resident has and should be protected.So, and this has gone a step too far, I think, we're all agree about that.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Are you worried about this, David, in terms of the president and his ability to get reelected? Do you feel like this is a -- this is an issue that is going to have to be dealt with?CARLUCCI: Well, I think that this, it really hasn't changed. We've seen these protests happening for some time now. Obviously, it's escalated here at Columbia and specific other places.But Joe Biden has stayed true to the cause. And that's to have a ceasefire, or to -- I have a peaceful resolution to what's happening in Gaza to send those hostage's home. And I think, Joe Biden deserves credits for staying focused, and not being distracted by the politics.And the politics are -- could be severe in terms of having the far left of his party, trying to push him in a direction that he doesn't want to go. And He is stayed true to that to say, look, I'm not just going to play politics here. I'm going to do what's right for our nation, and what's right for Israel. And that's what he is doing. And I think he deserves credit for that.MACCALLUM: Hogan?HOGAN GIDLEY, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRINCIPAL DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY: A month went by, and the best we got is, this is the "wrong approach". It's illegal.I'm glad David is, you know, resign to the fact that we need to do something here. But more speeches, and more rhetoric from the White House isn't going to stop this. If this were any other protest group that was out there, saying bad things about black people, or bad things about gay people, or Asian students, whatever it may be, they would have rightly and correctly moved into shut that down immediately.The president of the schools, the mayors, the governors, the state, and federal senators would have come in and said no more. This is unacceptable. But for whatever reason, it seems there's a carve out here. That bigotry is OK, as long as it's directed toward the Jewish people. It's absolutely reprehensible. You have to move in and do something to stop this.Time for words is over. This is not just disrupting class or people. Parents won't get to see their kids graduate, and now, they are taking over buildings, and one of the employees even said, they were held hostage. They were blocked in.This is illegal behavior. It's not just, "a wrong approach." According to the White House. You have to hold these people to account.MACCALLUM: Yes. So, it's pretty clear what we're hearing. You know, we're obviously, in the heat of election season. And this is the cover of Time magazine that came out today, I guess. And it says, "If he wins," with a picture of former President Donald Trump.One of the quotes from it is Donald Trump thinks he's identified a crucial mistake of his first term. He was too nice. And it basically goes on to outline all of the draconian ways that people's freedoms would be curtailed if he were to be elected. And Nicolle Wallace heard that loud and clear. Here's what she had to say about how terrified she is about a future Trump presidency. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NICOLLE WALLACE, MSNBC HOST: This exact time next year, depending on what happens in November seven months from now. We can't say for certain that there would even be a White House Correspondents Dinner or even a free press or even a White House press corps.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right, just a quick 15 seconds for me on this this tactic, David?DAVID CARLUCCI, (D) FORMER N.Y. STATE SENATOR: Yes, it's very troubling. I think everyone should read that article. The fact these are things that Donald Trump has said and is saying that he wants to militarize his agencies, his executive branch and the DOJ to go after his political enemies, to go after U.S. citizens and residents. This is all from Donald Trump's mouth. So I think we have to take him very seriously when he's talking about lawsuit.MACCALLUM: He said that the article was about 60 percent of it was true.Hogan, what did you think of it?HOGAN GIDLEY, FMR. TRUMP CAMPAIGN NATL. PRESS SEC.: It's literally what Joe Biden is doing to try to jail his political opponent who's beating him in the polls right now. Look, it was the Obama administration who went Fox news reporters.CARLUCCI: Joe Biden is not doing that.GIDLEY: It was the Biden administration who colluded with big tech to silence people's voices. Donald Trump was already president, those things didn't happen. So to say, if he gets elected, these horrible things will occur, we already saw what happened. We had a good economy, peace around the world. The border was closed, and we had low crime, so we don't have to guess that's what happens within Donald Trump's presidency.MACCALLUM: All right, guys, got to leave it there. Hogan and David, thank you very much. Good to see you both.GIDLEY: Thanks.CARLUCCI: Good to be with you.MACCALLUM: So Judge Merchan warning former President Donald Trump that jail may be the next step if he continues to defy these gag orders. President Trump attorney Alina Habba joins us live here in New York.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right, breaking right now, an update on these intense anti- Israel protests at UNC Chapel Hill. The school just announced that they are going to cancel classes for the rest of the day suspending non mandatory operations so far for today. We'll see how things go tomorrow there but a little wild there this afternoon. We saw the police facing off with some of the protesters and tear gas flying in that crowd. So, we'll keep a close eye on what's going on at UNC.In the meantime, former President Trump in court right now and his criminal trial, on the stand, a lawyer who represented porn star Stormy Daniels. The former president is charged with faking business records to cover up a payment to Daniels before the 2016 election and they stretch that into an election violation, election finance violation from a state law into a federal felony. President says he did nothing wrong. Trump attorney Alina Habba is here with me in New York. But first of all, go to Nate Foy, who is the correspondent who is covering it for us down there at the courthouse in lower Manhattan today.Hi, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha. So just in the past few seconds, an appeals court denied Trump's request for a delay. And this comes as Keith Davidson's testimony continues. He's on the stand. This is the LA based lawyer who represented both Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal.He negotiated the sale of McDougal story to American media in 2016. But right now he's answering questions about the sale of Stormy Daniels story. He just explained the interest in a deal to suppress that story reached a crescendo after the release of the Access Hollywood tape. As you see the former president leaving the courtroom right now without speaking to reporters as he did this morning.Davidson also described Cohen as stepping in for American media in that deal. He said that Cohen stepped into AMI's shoes. The deal to Daniels was worth $130,000 and Davidson believed that Cohen was trying to avoid making the payment. Now Davidson directly negotiated a $150,000 deal for McDougal story. He received roughly $67,500 of that. He called the deal frustrating. There were some contentious points McDougal wanted $25,000 more than what was offered. Davidson said he hated dealing with Michael Cohen.Before lunch Davidson said he knew if American media purchased the story, it would benefit the Trump campaign. Meanwhile, Judge Juan Merchan ordered Trump to remove nine posts online that violated the court's gag order. All but one of them, Martha, had been taken down. The one that is still up right now is a Truth Social where the former president called Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels sleaze bags. He was fined $1,000 for each of the nine violations.And there's another hearing on Thursday regarding four more possible violations of that gag order. We'll send it back to you, Martha.MACCALLUM: All right. Nate, thank you very much.With that we bring in a Alina Habba, attorney for former President Trump.Alina, great to have you here. Thanks for coming by today.ALINA HABBA, TRUMP ATTORNEY: Thanks.MACCALLUM: I want to read what the judge said about this gag order fine that he put forth today, "The Judiciary Law does not invest the court with authority to craft an appropriate punishment when $1,000 fine will not achieve the intended purpose." He says in some cases, you can go higher 2,500. But he basically says none of that will matter in this case. And so it may be necessary, jail may be unnecessary punishment. What did you think of that?Do you think he's trying to make a point so that the former president just stops Truth Socialing about these people?HABBA: Well, when you say Truth Socialing, let's be clear what we're talking about. We're talking about a defendant in a criminal case who's being attacked politically, who's being attacked by his opponents, who's also been attacked by witnesses. And the witnesses in this case have no gag, have no -- their free speech, their First Amendment rights are completely intact. But then you have a judge who we've asked to recuse himself for reasons that I can't speak to because of the gag order as we know. And we have this all going on and on and on and then he turns and make statements like that.That is the exact reason, Martha, that the defense team has said, this judge needs to recuse. There is a clear political bias here. We're seeing it through the comments. We're seeing it from the way that they speak to the attorneys on the defense table. I've been there, I get it. It happens, but there is no place for it.So, I think it's completely unconstitutional. I think when you're a defendant, truthfully, these statements are the statements that you're allowed to hear from the defense, innocent until proven guilty, especially when you've done nothing wrong, and when these are all have been coordinated, this has passed the statute of limitations and I could go on and on.MACCALLUM: I mean, everything you're laying out is the -- is all of the perfect sort of puzzle pieces that would fit together for an appeal.HABBA: Right.MACCALLUM: But this is the first part of the process.HABBA: Right.MACCALLUM: So I mean, it's possible that this jury could convict him. They hear all day long about Stormy Daniels and payments and Karen McDougal and all of these things, which all of the people that we talked to say, it's not a crime.HABBA: It isn't a crime.MACCALLUM: But this is what they're getting --HABBA: That's right.MACCALLUM: -- you know, they're getting filled with all that -- all day long.HABBA: That's right.MACCALLUM: So, I mean, they may be persuaded by it.HABBA: That's right. And that's the concern that I raised last week. And we spoke on this issue. The issue I have is not whether Donald Trump and President Trump did anything wrong, he did not. The facts are on our side.The issue we have is when we have politicized judges, and blue juries come in and they're supposed to be impartial, but you have a judge tweaking, reprimanding, putting down counsel on the other side, being harder on one side than the other, that affects the jury. And that's not fair. It's not right.Now, if President Trump was given a fair jury, a fair trial like anybody else in this country would be because his name is Trump, he doesn't, that's where my concern is, not the facts. The facts are on our side.MACCALLUM: So, with regard to this gag order, they -- you know, he apparently took down, the former president took down these posts as Nate just reported, do we -- do you think that we're going to see a change in his behavior because he doesn't want to deal with this? Because he doesn't want to risk going to jail?HABBA: I don't know. I think that -- I think that the -- listen, the president is trying to speak for himself and is frustrated, because the gag order I would have you remind the American people, it's not just for the president, it was for the president and anybody in his control campaign. Anybody else. How are you supposed to operate? He can't go on the campaign trail, and he's operating at the highest level you've ever seen.Look at the poll numbers. They keep trying to stop him, he'll find ways to fight back. But quite honestly, what I'm seeing is so inappropriate, so unfair, and so one sided. I don't know how he can stand it, to be honest. It's hard for me to stand it as his attorney and we respect laws, but we also respect the Constitution. And there has to be a change right now.MACCALLUM: It's remarkable. All right, we'll be down there doing live coverage on Thursday. Maybe we'll see you there. Thank you very much, Alina.HABBA: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Good to have you here today.So Iran is now cheering on these protests in the U.S. Can you imagine how much they love this? This is feeding right into Iran's narrative. This is exactly what they would love to see in the U.S., where Jewish students are being blocked from going to their classes. Think about that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm a UCLA student, I deserve to go here. We pay tuition, this is our school. And they're not letting me walk in.We're going. I'm going in.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Incredible. Attorney and Iranian American activist Elica Le Bon joins me in just a moment. She has a message to those who defend Iran's attack on Israel, next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELICA LE BON, IRANIAN-AMERICANACTIVIST/ATTORNEY: When we were screaming that they were killing Iranian women for not wearing a hijab, where were you? All of a sudden, everyone's graduated from Instagram School of Law to say that this is a violation of international law and Iran has the right to defend itself.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Well, not surprising that Iran is praising what they are seeing on U.S. campuses right now. These anti-Israel protests play right into exactly what Iran wants to see and hear in the United States. Demonstrators at Columbia hang a banner reading glory to the martyrs.Newsweek reports Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi commented at a cabinet meeting this weekend. And here's what the president of Iran said, the leader of Iran said, "the uprising of Western students, professors and elites in support of the oppressed people of Gaza, a big event with vast dimensions that cannot be extinguished by beatings, arrests and acts of violence," and quote, "thanks to the blessing of pure blood of the martyrs of Gaza, the true face of Western civilization is more and more clear to the people of the world." That from the leader in Iran.Now that to -- so let's bring in Elica Le Bon, Iranian American activist and attorney.Elica, good to have you with us again today.LE BON: Thank you.MACCALLUM: What's your reaction when you hear that from the leader of Iran?LE BON: Well, it's you know, it's interesting, because this is exactly what the Supreme Leader tweeted to Twitter, which is a platform that is actually banned in Iran, because free speech is banned in Iran, and so is freedom of assembly. And so it's ironic that, you know, the leader of the most oppressive, brutal police state essentially in the world is tweeting in favor of these protests while simultaneously crushing protests at home, you know, celebrating uprising against oppression while being the most oppressive regime in the world right now. You know, they have currently recently sentenced a rapper to march to death, right, and he's held in solitary confinement, nobody can see him, nobody can talk to him. Meanwhile, they're celebrating the protests in a different country where they actually banned the right to do that in the country that they're speaking from.MACCALLUM: Yes, it's a very rich irony and a tragic one for the people who are so oppressed in Iran for using any sort of freedom of speech or any freedom of lifestyle. This is a video, I want to show you this huge board. It's like a big outdoor movie screen, essentially. This is what some of the pro-Israel students are doing to counter program what's going on on the campus at -- I think this is USC, right, in Los Angeles. This is a huge video screen, and they're showing a steady loop, Elica, of October 7, and what Hamas did, one at the kibbutz and at the music festival in Israel. What do you think of that?LE BON: I think -- look, I think all of this is going to be lost on people when -- we're dealing with -- you know, we're dealing with a generation of people who do not know how to think. This is not a generation of people who have lack of access to information, America has more access to information than it ever has in its existence. These -- we're talking about people that do not know how to process information and don't know how to think. They are not able to separate the right of peaceful protest from things that are categorically harmful and an existential threat to Middle Eastern communities, Israelis, Iranian Syrians, Palestinians, even who have asked you not to celebrate terrorism. And so they aren't able to just make this simple differentiation to say, you know, we support the right of peaceful protesters to protest, but we do not -- we do not condone the acts of, whether they are minority or not, of people who are celebrating terrorism.And it's not just that they don't know how to think, it is this orthodoxy. You know, we see this orthodoxy in the extreme left and the extreme right. And in the extreme left, you have this orthodoxy of this narrative, which actually won't allow them to come out and condemn terrorism because they would be attacked and ostracize themselves if they said that, because that doesn't align with the narrative that these are freedom fighters and resistance movements that are simultaneously oppressing and brutalizing people in the Middle East. And you have to wonder, Martha, you have to wonder, why is it that the most elite academic institutions in the United States that are supposed to be teaching these democratic values, OK, we've all under understood the most noble justices to have said that dissent is the backbone of democracy, why are they not teaching the students how to dissent respectfully, how to have respectful disagreement, how to have conversation with each other.MACCALLUM: Right, no, such a great point. I think it's such a great point. I just want to show this picture on the way out, this is police officers in 1938 in Vienna, banding across the steps of the University of Vienna and preventing Jewish students from entering the building. That's what that looked like prior -- you know, just on the cusp of World War II, and those students were turned away and they were banned from studying and graduating in the fall of 1938.These images are pretty potent for all of us right now, Elica.LE BON: Yes. And, you know, the thing that people need to understand which is so, so difficult for people to understand is that during those time when that was -- when that was happening piece -- people also believe that, you know, you were being dramatic if you said that this was, you know, posing an existential threat that, you know, it starts with the priming process.MACCALLUM: Right.LE BON: It starts with the priming process where you dehumanize people, and you convince the public to believe it's OK to ostracize them. And then once you get to worst case scenario -- once you get to worst case scenario, everybody's so shocked and surprised, how did we get here? We got here because you couldn't see it --MACCALLUM: You're so right.LE BON: -- while it was unfolding.MACCALLUM: You're so right.LE BON: And this is the state that we're in right now. I mean, we cannot see it while it's unfolding right in front of our eyes just like a mountain of evidence.MACCALLUM: Yes. We better open our eyes.Elica Le Bon, thank you so much. Hope we'll see you soon. Thank you very much for joining us.LE BON: Thank you.MACCALLUM: So Northwestern University reportedly appeasing anti-Israel protesters with full ride scholarships for some Palestinian students. We're live in Chicago with that next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So Northwestern University has reportedly cut a deal with anti- Israeli protesters to include a full ride scholarship for some of the Palestinian students on campus in exchange a tent encampment on the campus came down or have to come down. But we had seen signs like this comparing Israeli forces and police to the KKK. Senior Correspondent Mike Tobin reports from Chicago.Hi, Mike.MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha. Northwestern University has attempted to give the protesters what they want, but it seems few are happy with the outcome. The president of the university announced that the protests will be allowed to continue in a restricted area almost all the tents were moved in response to the demand that the university divest from companies that support Israel and Advisory Committee on investment responsibility was reestablished with student representation. A house is being built for Muslim students of Middle Eastern descent as well, and as you mentioned, scholarships for Palestinian students and faculty, Martha.MACCALLUM: All right, Mike, thank you very much.So we'll continue to watch this unfolding story on all of these campuses. This afternoon we have seen up some changes. You know, at UNC they shut down classes for the afternoon after we saw that shoving back and forth, not physical shoving, tear gas between the police and students. This is the scene at Columbia University this afternoon where students are holding down the fort inside the Hamilton Administration Building at Columbia, which by the way, has been occupied during every student protests over the course of the last 30 years or so. In 1968 students occupied that building.They also did occupy the building in protest of apartheid in South Africa. Also more recently for an ethnic studies program they wanted which they ended up getting a couple of years later. So we'll see how that develops as we keep an eye on all of these volatile situations.Thanks for joining us on THE STORY today. Great to have you with us. THE STORY goes on and so I'll see you back here tomorrow. In the meantime have a great afternoon and evening. Get ready for "Your World," tough day for the market that starts right about now.