(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Guy Benson, Jimmy Failla, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, a day of rage overwhelms a night of stars. More than 1000 protesters descending on the star-studded Met Gala tonight in New York City, and there was a very heavy police presence with about a dozen arrests being made. We'll have a breaking news update on that in moments.But also breaking tonight. Columbia University just waved the white flag announcing the school's university wide commencement ceremony is canceled after weeks of on-campus protest. And another campus red line has been ignored. This time at MIT where the school said leave the encampment by 2:30 p.m., 8-1/2 hours ago or face suspension but the encampment is still up and running.Ashley Strohmeyer is live with the latest on the protests across the country. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace. Some protests and others escalate and negotiation deadline set for Harvard leaders by demonstrators at a pro-Palestinian encampment on campus passes with no deal. Officials from Columbia announced today that the school's university wide commencement ceremony has been cancelled after weeks of protest.And with the commencement just weeks away, Harvard's interim president is calling for an end to a disruptive encampment and trenched on the institution's iconic yard, threatening disciplinary consequences. Alan Garber said the encampment favors the voices of a few over the rights of many, and with finals underway. Some Harvard students are fed up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They're disruptive to people studying, they are anti- symmetric on a visceral level. They're calling for Intifada. They're calling for -- they're calling for the destruction of Israel in no uncertain terms. And quite frankly needs to go, the encampment needs to be disbanded.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: They're disruptive to people studying. They are anti-Semitic on a visceral level. They're calling for Intifada and they're also calling for the destruction of Israel in no uncertain terms and quite frankly needs to go. The encampment needs to be disbanded. Now the protesters calling themselves Harvard out of occupied Palestine have not been clear about their next steps.But at MIT, the Institute told students to leave the encampment there by 2:30 p.m. or face academic or full suspension. The president says the threat of outside interference and potential violence is real now at UCLA. More arrests today as students return to campus after last week's unrest as well. Law enforcement and tactical gear faced off with demonstrators at U.C. San Diego.And then graduates waving Palestinian flags and erupted the commencement ceremony at the University of Michigan over the weekend. Meantime, over a dozen arrests were made tonight in New York City as protesters descended upon areas around that star-studded Met Gala. We are tracking the latest there as that continues tonight, Trace.GALLAGHER: And we'll get back to you as the news warrants. Ashley Strohmeyer live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense department thinks the anti-Israel student protesters are being coddled and understood yet the students who want to go to school are being undermined. At many colleges like Columbia and USC, the real students, the studying students won't even get a normal commencement again, the same people whose high school graduations got blown out by a pandemic are now getting screwed over by a group of academics.And many won't get the jobs they covet. Because the executives with the keys to the coveted jobs won't hire from schools that cave to the protesters. 13 federal judges won't hire law clerks from Columbia because of widespread anti-Semitism. So, the judges fed up with hate are now hating on all Columbia resumes. And the studying students at Columbia are also watching their teachers and faculty go on strike in solidarity with anti- Israel protesters.Who's in solidarity with the kids that want to go to class? And in Berkeley, instructors are flying Palestinian flags in class and encouraging students to write "stop bombing babies on sticky notes," then post the notes on the door of a Jewish teacher. This is not U.C. Berkeley. It's a second grade class at a Berkeley Elementary School. Common Sense is stunned that seven and eight-year-olds are now being told not to be late to hate.With that, let's bring in Columbia University Junior Eden Yadegar and Rabbi Chaim Mentz from Habad of Bellaire. Thank you both for coming on. The first question to you is kind of coming out of Common Sense, Eden, because what if you wanted a lot clerkship, right? Who's in solidarity? What teachers are in solidarity with the students who are still there? That's a question for a student at Columbia because you wonder who's on our side? We're on the right side of history, and yet we have to fight this.EDEN YADEGAR, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY STUDENT: Absolutely. Well, thank you so much for having me back, Trace. It is shameful really, at the essence, that's what it is. It is a shame that Columbia students that either have nothing to do with these anti-Semitic, anti-American protests or, you know, openly oppose them are now being subjected to this sort of discrimination that should be directed at the students that are protesting and partaking in these illegal unauthorized encampments and protests.But instead, all students have to deal with the consequence of the, you know, the fact that Colombia's reputation has gone up in smoke. And I blame the Columbia administration for their inaction, as well as the student protesters that have put us all in this situation. And now we all have to face the consequences of their actions.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think it's a very fair assessment. You're right is that everybody is facing the consequences with only a few were doing these kinds of things. Rabbi to you. The New York Post writes the following on that subject. By rolling over colleges are proving to the protesters that their tactics are working and the adults in the room are running scared. Who loses? The overwhelming majority of students who had nothing to do with the mayhem. What they're saying, Rabbi is that Eden loses and the protesters win.RABBI CHAIM MENTZ, SPIRITUAL LEADER, CHABAD OF BEL AIR: Exactly. This is -- this is the way you do things. You go and you protest, you go and destroy whatever you wanted is, then everybody goes, OK, OK, OK, OK, we'll give whatever you want. But we must understand something. Colleges and universities is a business. It's not just a place. Your business has gone down the drain. It's not just eaten.What about all the people from London that flew here? What about all the people from around the world that come here because they look at about institutions and now on the day of pride and glory and joy they're saying, you can't -- you're not going to have a public thing. I plan tickets to come get to be with my children. You have to go and get your security. Get the people to be able to celebrate to give in.Brown University today said we're going to give into the terrorism on our campus. This only empowers and boldens the trouble ones.GALLAGHER: I want to play this soundbite because I thought it was fascinating. He wrote an op ed in the Wall Street Journal, Ben Sasse, former senator, now the university president at University of Florida had this to say. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BEN SASSE, PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA: We believe in the right of free speech, we believe in the right of free assembly and you can try to persuade people. But what you see happening on so many campuses across the country is instead of drawing the line at speech and action, a lot of universities bizarrely give the most attention and most voice to the smallest angriest group.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: He's saying we believe, Eden, in robust debate, but you can't just bow to the troublemakers because you're afraid of what they're going to do.YADEGAR: Absolutely. And exactly what he's describing is what has happened at Columbia University, MIT, Harvard, and so many other universities across the country. There has been a red line, a deadline for the encampment today at MIT. We saw that was repeatedly pushed back, that was ignored. And as a result, all students have to face the consequences of not being able to go to class, not being able to take their exams that they've studied hard for and not have a commencement at the end of the day.That's what we're dealing with. There is no adult in the room at many universities, Columbia included, and these administrations have completely abdicated leadership to an angry mob.GALLAGHER: Yes. And speaking on the angry mob, some kind of pushback University of Michigan, some anti-Israel students got a little bit of pushback here. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTERS: USA, USA, USA, USA, USA.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It's not everywhere, Rabbi. But you see some students are pushing back. They're pushing back for the country and they're pushing back for what's right.MENTZ: When I saw that, I was like, wow, it's government, American. And we got to have some pushback. We got to hold on to what's beautiful about this country. These anarchists, let's not call them protesters. They are anarchist, they want to destroy our way of life. They've gone to everything that's important to us now. They were in Hollywood type of Gala. They'll go anywhere. Do you think this is over the moment all the kids get out of college?Watch this summer, it will go into every single place that we hold there. USA? Come on, everybody come on out.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: Let the other side be heard.GALLAGHER: Interesting because a friend of ours Jason Rantz was about to come on in a few minutes. He said there will be these autonomous zones like we saw in the George Floyd and guess what? They are - -we're going to have him in moments. Rabbi, Eden, thank you both for coming on. Best of luck to you if you go back to school. Thank you for this.YADEGAR: Thank you, Trace.GALLAGHER: Well, here we go again, four years after the Capitol Hill autonomous zone as we were just talking about fiasco and Seattle, student protesters at the University of Washington are at it again. Setting up autonomous liberated zone on campus and they call it the University of Gaza. Bill Melugin is live with the latest on this left-wing lunacy. Bill, good evening.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Trace. Good evening to you. We all remember just a few years back we had total anarchy in Seattle when we had that CHAZ protest zone established. Well now, there's a brand new so called liberated zone that has popped up on campus at University of Washington. So, take a look. This is what anti-Israel activists are now calling the University of Gaza.They say they've established this autonomous zone on UDub's campus. It even has a library and a medic area with approximately 50 tents now setup. This is a list of the demands that activists are making to UDub. Including divestment from Israel, the cutting of ties with Boeing and the ending of so-called repressions of pro-Palestinian students, faculty and staff. And take a look at some of the signs up in that camp including gay male painting and non-binaries for a free Palestine.Those are a couple of signs that wouldn't go over too well in real world Gaza. And one UDub professor says there are no free speech rights in that camp. Local Seattle journalist Jason Rantz reports. A computer science professor at the school was essentially stalked and harassed by masked activists with umbrellas who were cosplaying as security as he tried to walk through the camp. Here's some of that exchange.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh my. What a tragedy if one's face was on camera.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why would you be putting people's face on camera then?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am in a public space taking pictures of what I see.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have the right to do that. You have the right to walk near me with an umbrella.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: So, so far, it appears UDub is just allowing that camp to remain. Local police aren't taking any action on it. The president of UDub though has said that demand to cut ties with Boeing will never happen. That's because Boeing has invested more than $100 million at the school. They've employed thousands of UDub grads and it has its name on several campus buildings because it's made some pretty big donations in the past, Trace.GALLAGHER: Boeing has been a big time and great partner for them. Bill Melugin. Bill, thank you. Let's bring in the man who knows the Pacific Northwest better than anyone KTTH Seattle talk radio host Jason Rantz. As Bill was saying, Jason, as we were talking about, you call this two weeks ago on this show. You said this is what's going to happen. And there you have it.JASON RANTZ, KTTH (SEATTLE) TALK RADIO HOST: Yes. I could write out the script for the next several weeks at this point. I mean, they're following almost exactly what led to the last autonomous zone, courtesy of the Black Lives Matter movement. You've got folks who are taking advantage of this particular movement. A lot of people on the campus are definitely students but a lot are definitely not students. And they've decided to camp out.There's now over 150 tents because the University of Washington is run by a feckless President Ana Mari Cauce who's allowing this to continue. And I got a hold of an internal memo, a statement that was passed around to some of the Jewish leaders on campus, essentially saying from a security standpoint, they're not going to get involved until there's a life- threatening emergency. So, essentially, someone needs to get hurt. And that's when they'll actually do their job and clear this illegal encampment.GALLAGHER: I want to play a little bit more Jason if I can of your exclusive Bill Melugin touchdown at this professor who was literally walking around. He walked around for seven minutes and 23 seconds. He was followed the entire way. And here's more of that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mask up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh my. What a tragedy if one's face was on camera.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why would you be putting people's face on camera then?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am in a public space taking pictures of what I see is necessary.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is this necessary? I just -- OK. So then, can -- could you just like, do us a favor and get out of here?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No. What are you doing here? I mean, this is a public space. People are allowed to be here as long as they obey University regulations. You guys are the ones who are not obeying regulations. You're the ones who should be --(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: My favorite line. Can you just get out of here? No, I can't. Your thoughts, Jason.RANTZ: Yes. No. We're not going to move. I mean, you do not have free speech rights at this autonomous zone, just like the last one. If they view you as a Zionist, they're going to target you. And they do this all the time. They are masked up because they are knowingly breaking the law. They will track you, they will trace you, they will stand in front of you when you're trying to film something.They'll try to get you into a physical altercation. So, then they can justify attacking you. It is so absurd, again, that this is being allowed to occur. And I don't know why anyone assumes this is going to end well. If we were called the Capitol Hill autonomous zone jazz, that ended with the murder of black boys. And so, I wonder whether or not we're going to end up seeing violence. I obviously hope we don't, but I'm concerned.GALLAGHER: Yes. I'm out of time. But I wanted to get this. The University of Chicago pro test are releasing a list of supplies and on that list, HIV test dental dams for some - and plan B. Jason, your final thoughts on this.RANTZ: Yes. It sounds like they really don't care about Palestine and freeing Gaza. It sounds more like they want to make sure that they don't spread any STDs or get anyone pregnant as they hook up with one another.GALLAGHER: Yes. Jason Rantz, we appreciate it. Good call by the way in the autonomous zone.Meantime, former President Trump was willing to go to jail if it means defending free speech. Trump made the statement after the judge in New York versus Donald Trump case, threatened him with jail time if he continues to violate the gag order. Nate Foy is live outside the courthouse in New York City. Nate, good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Trace. Good evening to you so to Trump Organization employees. One past one current testified today about payments made to Michael Cohen including checks signed by former President Donald Trump himself. But neither witness testified that Trump knew anything about a plan to reimburse Cohen for paying adult film actress stormy Daniels $130,000.Now a big moment that many are talking about today is Judge Juan Merchan threatening to jail Trump for future gag order violations. Merchan Trump $1,000 for a 10th violation today for a previous comment that he made about the jury. And Merchan "defendant is hereby put on notice that if appropriate and warranted, future violations of its lawful orders will be punishable by incarceration."Here's Trump's response to the possibility of being jailed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Frankly, you know what, our constitution is much more important than jail. It's not even close. I'll do that sacrifice any day.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Trace, here are the checks from Trump to Cohen and total Cohen received $420,000 far more than what he paid Daniels. Trump maintains all payments made to Cohen were in fact that legitimate legal expenses. Former Trump Organization comptroller Jeff McConney testified that he helped to execute the payments to Cohen, but he never spoke to Trump about what Cohen was actually being paid for.Now tonight, Trace, the prosecution estimated it's going to take about two more weeks for them to make their case and that's a longer timeline than Trump wants. He was pretty upset with it while leaving court today. He said that he believes it's an effort to keep them in the courtroom and off the campaign trail. The trial resumes at 9:30 tomorrow with a new witness on the stand. We'll send it back to you.GALLAGHER: It's a lot of time off the campaign trail. Nate Foy live for us outside the court. Nate, thank you. Let's bring in former acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker. Matt, great to have you on. Our legal team was in court today kind of going all through and processing this whole thing. And what they're pointing out is that Alvin Bragg and his team are trying to prove that Trump intended to defraud the voting public by squashing the Stormy Daniels story.They just can't figure out what defrauding the public of exactly what Matt, what do you think about this?MATT WHITAKER, FORMER ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL: Well, they can't. It's good to be with you, Trace. You know, I thought the most powerful testimony today was one of the accountants saying that essentially, he was the one that categorize these as legal expenses. It wasn't Donald Trump, it wasn't Weisselberg, it wasn't anybody but, you know, they had limited categories to put these expenses in in their computer system.And he categorized them as legal expenses because they were to a lawyer. And I, you know, to me, that's kind of the end of the case. I mean, that shows the Donald Trump didn't falsify business records. And, you know, he's absolutely right. This is a complete effort to keep him off the campaign trail and most importantly, Trace, keep him from talking about the issues that are important, like the southern border where I've just was last week.GALLAGHER: Yes. And speaking about talking about the issues that are important, the judge, Juan Merchan, he also had this. Put this up on the screen. "The last thing I want to consider is jail. You are a former president and possibly the next president." But I will, if I got to put you in jail. Can you imagine, Matt, the response if the judge put the former president in jail for violating a gag order that is a unilateral gag order?WHITAKER: Well, remember, the people of New York through their elected representatives said $1,000 was appropriate for violating one of these court's orders. And it is almost unconscionable because this order, the gag order itself is unconstitutional. It's preventing the person that's the leading contender for president of the United States in the fall from speaking out on issues.And I just, you know, again, I think at the end of the day, you know, that if the judge puts President Trump in jail, it will be -- there will be such an outcry that he, you know, may have swung the election at that point.GALLAGHER: And lastly, Matt, I want to get your take on this because this was breaking news from Fox News digital Brooke Singman broke this. "The Democratic National Committee paid Trump prosecutor Matthew Colangelo, the member, the former number three of the DOJ thousands of dollars for political consulting in 2018. In other words, the number three guy at DOJ is now prosecuting Trump. And he was a democratic political consultant. I got about 30 seconds for you, Matt.WHITAKER: Yes. Political operative. I mean, there -- obviously this person is the one. He went from the Department of Justice as a number three, then went to the Letitia James office. Made sure that though that case was moving forward with the civil charges that he's now appealing, and now is one of the trial lawyers. This is obviously an effort by the left coordinated through the White House to keep Donald Trump off the campaign trail and prevent him from talking about the important issues that are facing the American people.GALLAGHER: Yes. And so far it's working. Matt Whitaker, great to see you as always. Thank you, sir.WHITAKER: Thank you.GALLAGHER: Meantime, coming up. There are now reports of explosions and smoke in the direction of Rafah. As Israel begins targeted strikes against Hamas operatives, meaning a proposed ceasefire appears to be in grave jeopardy.And later in The Nightcap, anti-Israel protesters now using the American flag as a sign of hate replacing with Palestinian and Hamas flags. But for many the U.S. flag is a sign of unity, a symbol of hope. What does the American flag mean to you? Do you fly it at home? Are you proud to fly it at home? Why or why not? We want to know. Let us know, X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We will read your responses in The Nightcap.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, breaking tonight. Israel is now conducting targeted strikes in the Gaza City of Rafah, meaning the long-awaited mission is now underway. But it comes as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says a ceasefire proposal agreed to by Hamas is not yet in Israel's best interest.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C with the breaking information on this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. Israel's army says it's conducted targeted strikes against hams in Eastern Rafah after urging civilians there to leave. Meanwhile, armed factions in Gaza fired rockets into southern Israel in response. The Israeli operation beginning after Hamas accepted a ceasefire deal, which was then rejected by Israel as being far from meeting Israel's demands and was even deemed by some to be, "a ploy."Now, it's not clear today what exactly Hamas has agreed to but the proposal is thought to include the release of hostages and the return of displaced Palestinians within Gaza. Meantime, President Biden has repeatedly warned Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu not to go ahead with the offensive and Rafah unless the IDF could secure the safety of civilians with the precedent repeating himself during a call earlier today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: We've been very clear that we don't support a major ground operation in Rafah. Operations in general that put at greater risk. The more than a million people that are sheltering there, you're not going to eliminate an ideology through military operations. But does Israel have a right and a responsibility to eliminate a threat that they've suffered on the 7th of October. 100 percent absolutely they do.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Of course, it was on October 7th when Hamas stormed southern Israel killing about 1200 people and seizing more than 250 hostages. Since then, more than 34,700 people have been killed in Gaza, Trace.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in a former Special Army Special Forces Green Beret who trained with the IDF Derrick Anderson and a veteran of Israel's Special Operations counter terrorist unit, Aaron Cohen. Gentlemen, thank you for coming in. Aaron, so Hamas is accepting the framework of this ceasefire. Israel says no, not yet. They're going into Rafah. What do you make of this scenario?AARON COHEN, IDF VETERAN: I think it's so a premature trace. I think that everybody pulled the trigger quickly but Israel never agreed to anything. I think what you're seeing right now is the continuation of that (INAUDIBLE) it's in Hebrew, we say that pressure cooker campaign, which forced the remnants, the last five six battalions to Hamas into the corner of Gaza which is Rafah.That's exactly what Israel wanted to do. And that's how you kill terrorists. And so now, what we're seeing is Israel saying enough is enough. We're going to go in there, we're going to finish the job. We're going to work with the last five, six, seven thousand terrorists. Israel has a lot of experience in moving to civilians around the sector. Everything is way conflated out of control regarding the deal that was agreed to, I say and I don't represent Israel but I'm sure Israel will say the same thing (INAUDIBLE) give us proof of life.GALLAGHER: Yes.COHEN: Show us the hostages are alive and then we can talk about making a deal. No mention of the hostages, no mention who's alive, now they're talking about what you get somebody's if they're dead. So, Israel's kind of fed.GALLAGHER: or Derrick Anderson, give us the hostages. Let's see the hostages. Let's release the hostages, and maybe you surrender and then there's a ceasefire talk. What do you think?DERRICK ANDERSON, FORMER U.S. ARMY GREEN BERET: Yes. I mean, right now, Hamas was truly interested in having any sort of ceasefire they'd be coming to the table with the hostages, right? They'd be coming with over a hundred hostages that they still have they wouldn't have been rocketing Israel this past weekend. They want to have their Iranian-backed fundraisers, send 300- plus missiles over into Israel.So, I mean, if you look at this from an Israeli standpoint, for every second, for every delay, for every week that they are holding off on doing the Rafah, going into Rafah, that gives the Hamas operators in that area the opportunity to set up IEDs, to put up obstacles, to move around hostages, to maneuver their own forces, to resupply their ammunition, to make new rockets. All that is time. So, Israel has an interest in moving quickly on this. And I think Hamas was really just using a ploy to try to buy some time for themselves.GALLAGHER: Yes, a lot of people have shared that view. Meantime, they're going into Rafah. The Biden administration decided to withhold weapons and ammunition from Israel. Kind of a bizarre move. The Wall Street Journal writes the following here, Aaron. The U.S. should be putting pressure on Hamas to surrender and release the hostages. The more Hamas thinks it might be saved by U.S. pressure on Israel, the less likely Hamas is to agree to a ceasefire. That's a recipe for extending the war for several more weeks or longer.COHEN: The longer the White House keeps Israel on a leash, the greater the escalation of these pro-terror, anti-Semitic protests, encampments are going to continue to escalate. All this is connected to the war in Gaza, it's connected to Israel, it's connected to Israel's operations. Israel finishes the job, there's nothing else to cry about. Israel's going to finish the job anyways.Now the U.S. is playing politics and saying we're going to hold back weapons. OK, it's going to take Israel longer, which means the Biden administration is going to have more protests, more incitement, more anti- Semitism, and more, and 200 plus college campuses. And once, by the way, once school shuts down for the summer, where do you think those protests are going to move, Trace?They're going to move into the cities, they're going to go to the streets. By the way, half these people aren't even students. And so, law enforcement is being crushed right now. It's time to let Israel finish the job. And your guest is right, always with the Green Berets, this is about time. These guys are setting up booby traps for monsters waiting.GALLAGHER: And lastly, Derrick, I mean, did they need to go into Rafah? They've said for a long time, Rafah is a must.ANDERSON: Yes, I mean, Israel has a right to defend themselves. We saw this with ISIS in Syria where ISIS got bottled into a small area, but then we hammered them. And that's where we were able to take out ISIS. You know, there's still factions that are still out there. But this whole Biden administration trying to pull back some of the ammunition that they're trying to that Israel is going to get. This is just another Biden administration blunder in the Middle East.They did this with Afghanistan, where they waited and waited and waited and then had no plan. They did it in their response to October 7th, when the Biden administration waited and waited and waited. And we've seen the Biden administration time and time again equivocate on their support to Israel. And it's absolutely ridiculous; we have to stand strong with Israel and continue to be steadfast with them.GALLAGHER: And we keep saying, and they're going to learn this. Oh, no, they're going to learn this time. We keep saying, and for some reason, Aaron Cohen, Derrick Anderson doesn't quite click.Meantime, other breaking news tonight. It is a scrub for tonight. The long- awaited launch of Boeing's new Starliner space capsule. We'll have to wait at least one more day. The launch carrying two NASA astronauts was supposed to lift off 50 minutes ago or so, but was canceled because of a technical issue. The Senior Correspondent Jonathan Serrie is live at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida with more on the next launch window. Jonathan, good evening.JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, and things were going so smoothly tonight, Trace, until this scrub. The astronauts were strapped in their seats they were inside the capsule and then United Launch Alliance made this call. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Engineering team has evaluated the vehicle is not in a configuration where we can proceed with flight today, so we're going to initiate our scrub and recycle operation.(END VIDEO CLIP)SERRIE: ULA which makes the Atlas 5 rocket that was to launch the Boeing Starliner into space, says its engineers detected an audible buzz in an oxygen relief valve on the rocket's second stage. Astronauts Suni Williams and Butch Wilmore exited the spacecraft and returned to quarters while engineers worked into the night to determine whether the valve can be repaired quickly in time for a second launch attempt as early as tomorrow night, or whether the valve needs to be replaced, which could take days.As for the spacecraft, Boeing has had to make some safety improvements, including strengthening the parachute system and removing approximately one-mile of electric insulation tape that posed a fire hazard. Last week, both astronauts told reporters they felt confident about flying in Starliner and look forward to the test flight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARRY WILMORE, STARLINER TEST FLIGHT ASTRONAUT: We've got our fingerprints on every single procedure that exists for this spacecraft, and that's part of what the test process is. It's test and development.SUNI WILLIAMS, STARLINER TEST FLIGHT ASTRONAUT: We're thinking about this for not only our flight, but for the flight of Starliner, you know, one, two, three, four, five, you know, everybody who's going to come behind us and fly the spacecraft. We want to make it as best as possible.(END VIDEO CLIP)SERRIE: Starliner is expected to dock with the International Space Station for an eight-day mission. After that, the space capsule will return to Earth by parachute. But instead of a traditional splashdown, which you normally expect for U.S. space capsules, Starliner will land at a desert landing site out west. Trace?GALLAGHER: Jonathan Serrie live for us in Florida. Jonathan, thank you. Coming up, a pitstop for former President Trump at Formula One's Miami Grand Prix and the crowd goes wild chanting "USA, USA."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: USA! USA! USA! USA!(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Haven't heard that chant in a while. Former President Trump got a warm welcome amid chants of USA, USA at the Miami Grand Prix on Sunday. That reception is in South Florida. Pretty notable and it comes during his criminal trial in New York. Rising poll numbers and protests on college campuses that are damaging the Democratic Party.Let's bring in tonight's political panel, Arizona Congressional Candidate Blake Masters and GOP Chairwoman, California, Jessica Millan-Patterson. It's kind of amazing because you look at that and it really is this robust chant for the former president. What did you think? Were you surprised by that at all?JESSICA MILLAN PATTERSON, CALIFORNIA GOP CHAIRWOMAN: No one should be surprised. Well, no one that's paying attention. Of course, the mainstream media wants to watch every single development that's happening at this highly political trial that's taking place in New York. But everybody else is paying attention to what's happened over the last four years. They're excited for someone like President Trump to be back in the arena. They're excited to have some change because they've seen the chaos that has come with President Biden.GALLAGHER: Yes, and talk about the chaos. Jen Psaki, Blake Masters, was on "The View" today, you know, that esteemed political show, "The View", and she said this about Biden, you know, doing more interviews.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Young voters, also voters of color, could stay home. He's got to convince people he's going to be the one fighting for them, and the other guy is fighting for himself, pretty much. Has it worked effectively entirely yet? No.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, so she wants him to do interviews with friendly media more, because the Howard Stern interview was just riveting. I mean, you got to admit it was, come on, are you kidding me? Blake, your thoughts?BLAKE MASTERS, ARIZONA CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE: As usual, Jen Psaki just gets everything precisely backwards, but the only thing Joe Biden can convince anyone of is that he's the worst president of all time. I'm not shocked at all that Trump got that kind of Pro-America, pro-Trump recession because four years ago under Trump everything was awesome.Like we had low illegal immigration, we had low inflation. Fast forward four years, this country's in trouble -- high inflation, tons of illegals, it's all Joe Biden's fault, or the people who are really running his administration. So, no, people want Trump back and I think they're going to get him.GALLAGHER: It's interesting because Blake talks about four years ago, and I want to put this up because this is support among those under the age of 30. And look at it now, you've got Trump on the left-hand side, it says plus five. In 2020, Biden and those under 30 was up 24 points, Jessica. That is a 30-point swing. That is deadly to a campaign.PATTERSON: It's deadly to a campaign. And this isn't the only demographic it's happening in. And why is that? Because the issues that are affecting everyday Americans are really hurting them right now. When we see that the Fed has raised rates 22 times since February of 22. This is ridiculous. 11 times since February 2022. It's ridiculous. You can't afford to buy a home. What do kids that age want to do?GALLAGHER: They want to buy a home. They want to eat. They want to be able to go out and eat. It's so expensive. It's kind of crazy. Which brings us to the next thing, Blake Masters, the right track, wrong track. Look at the right track, wrong track. Right direction, 23 percent. Yep, the wrong direction, 69 percent. That's an awfully big number on the right-hand side of the screen, Blake.MASTERS: And who are the people who think that things are all right? I mean, that's crazy. It's almost amazing It's not 99 to 1 or something, but no 70 percent of Americans have their head screwed on straight. They know how awesome things were under President Trump.Maybe you didn't like his tweets I thought most of the tweets were funny. Maybe you didn't like the tweets. I don't care You had $2.00 gasoline, you had food, you had cheap housing, things were great. And Biden is just, he's surrendering our sovereignty, he's throwing our country away. People are just mad as hell, they're not going to take it anymore.GALLAGHER: Yes, we say it all the time, Jessica, you can't get 70 percent of the population to agree on the color of an orange. You just can't, because people are so divided. Lastly, I'd like you both to weigh in very quickly on the protests, these anti-Israel at college campuses. How badly is it hurting the Biden administration?PATTERSON: Well, it's absolutely dividing the Democrat Party, but it also should not come as a surprise. The Democrat Party and the progressive wing has become an incubator for this type of radical behavior. It's going to hurt Democrats when it comes to November, not just with Biden, but up and down the ticket.GALLAGHER: And your thoughts, Blake?MASTERS: I agree with Jessica. Look, the Democratic Party, their coalition is fracturing. The only thing that's holding them together is their hatred for America, their hatred for white people, their hatred for Jewish people, their hatred for Christians and conservatives. And on the other side, you have patriotic frat boys, right, who are standing up for the country, who want to work hard, who want to have fun? You want to defend the flag and that's the choice people have in November. I know what side I'm on.GALLAGHER: Yes, Blake Masters, Jessica Millan-Patterson.MASTERS: Thank you.GALLAGHER: Well, first up in tonight's viral videos, it appears the U.S. team competing in the Bermuda Sail Grand Prix Rocked the boat a little too much on practice day one team member accidentally hit the wrong function, causing the boat to capsize, sending five of the six crew members overboard. No serious injuries, but it did do pretty significant damage to the boat itself.Social media users in Arizona captured multiple videos of this kind of strange light in the sky. It looked like an extremely bright white orb surrounded by a little fog. Many online are speculating about what caused the phenomenon, jumping straight to extraterrestrials. You know, the whole phone home and all that stuff. We'll let you know what it is. Maybe we'll do a "NIGHTCAP" on it this week.Now, to a hero named, Mercury, who led to the rescue of a missing 85-year- old woman found clinging to a tree on a Colorado ravine. The police officer and his four-legged partner were searching in the woods when Mercury caught the scent and sped toward the trapped woman who is now back safely with her family.And if you have a viral video to share, share with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media.And coming up, what does the American flag mean to you? Do you fly it at home? Are you proud to fly it at home? Tell us why or why not. It's that time to kind of look into what's happening across America. Instagram and X will read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmeyer, Bill Melugin, Jessica Millan-Patterson, Rabbi Chaim Mentz, and Jason Rantz. Tonight's topic, the flagpole. Anti-Israel protesters weaponizing the American flag as a sign of hate, replacing it with Palestinian and Hamas flags.On the other hand, the U.S. flag is a sign of unity and a symbol of hope to counter protesters, police officers and students going to extremes to defend it. What does the American flag mean to you in our current climate? Meaning, do you fly the American flag at your home? If so, why, Jessica Millan-Patterson.PATTERSON: We fly it because it's the symbol of also freedom.GALLAGHER: Yes.PATTERSON: And that is really, really important to us as we're watching some of these protests unfold. Freedom and the freedom of the speech and the allowing of people to be able to question their government and question what's going on in the world. That is freedom, and that's why we fly it.GALLAGHER: Rabbi.MENTZ: After 9-11, I kept the flag up for an entire year to the homeowners Association came to me and said, yo, you know, it's about time to take it down.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: I love the flag. I still go to a ballgame, I get goosebumps every July 4th. I have to see fireworks. I'm an American red, white, and blue through and through and through and no one's going to take it away from me. And I love seeing the flag wherever I can see it.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke.CORKE: The flag represents improvement, the constant improvement of our condition, and that is something I think we can all be proud of.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think that's exactly right. Ashley Strohmier, your thoughts on this?STROHMIER: Yes, we do fly the flag at our home. It was one of the first things my husband did when we bought our house. But you've got to remember the countless people who have died, who died for that symbol of the flag. So, I mean, it means everything to Americans.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really does. Bill Melugin, your thoughts?MELUGIN: It makes my blood boil when I see the U.S. flag getting burned and pulled down and defaced. I understand it's free speech. I understand they can do it. However, when you see these people showing up with Hamas flags, Hezbollah flags, and all these constant Palestinian flags, you start to get to a point where it's like, OK, if you like them so bad, get on a flight, go to Lebanon, go to Gaza.GALLAGHER: That's exactly right. I think it's a, it's a, it's a respect. It is respect in red, white, and blue -- we have a flag. We live in a windy area. It's constantly turned around the pole and I go out nine times a day and turn it back around, so it flies.Do you fly the American flag at your home? Yes, 93 percent on X; Instagram, 87 percent.Leo Sopicki, "I fly it because I believe in life liberty and the pursuit of happiness, also to honor my high school friends who did not come back from Vietnam."Patrick, "Yes, it goes up on Memorial Day weekend, comes down after Thanksgiving."Jill Baker-Wagner, "We always fly the American flag, it gives me a sense of pride for my country."Jason Rantz, I'm so sorry.RANTZ: Yes, to me the flag is about unity and resilience and as someone who is Jewish-American, seeing this alarming rise in anti-Semitism, I need to be inspired by both of those things.GALLAGHER: Thank you, guys, for watching the "NIGHTCAP". Thank you for joining the "NIGHTCAP". We'll see you back here tomorrow.