SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".Wow, what a day in court. We'll get to that in a minute.By the way, Joe Biden's phony promise to restore the soul of America is now more laughable than ever.This weekend, the self-proclaimed healer of souls screaming and yelling at Morehouse College graduates in one of the most divisive speeches ever given by a U.S. president. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: What is democracy? Betrayal of broken promises still leave back Black communities behind.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Robert KKK's best friend and mentor.Anyway, coming up, we'll do what the media mob won't do. We'll call out the lies, the smears, the hatred. We'll play an unusual moment where, well, Joey seemed to believe that he was vice president during the beginning of the pandemic COVID and that that Obama sent him to Detroit to solve the problem.Also tonight, a tutorial from Senator Marco Rubio, how every Republican needs to handle the hostile media in an interview. Here's a sneak peek.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KRISTEN WELKER, NBC NEWS HOST: Hillary Clinton conceded. Senator, will you accept the election result --SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Hillary Clinton said the election was stolen from her and that Trump was illegitimate.WELKER: But he conceded. Senator --RUBIO: Kamala Harris agreed.And you have Democrats now saying they won't certify 2024 because Trump is an insurrectionist and ineligible to hold office. So you need to ask them.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Every Republican watch and take notes, because that's how to do it.Senator Rubio will join us tonight.Also, we begin tonight though in New York City, fireworks big time in that courtroom, another explosive day in the testimony of Juan Merchan's kangaroo court. Just hours ago, prosecutors rested their case against former President Donald Trump without proving a thing, but not before more eye-opening testimony from the state's so-called star witness Michael Cohen. As it turns out, Cohen is not only a liar, also a thief.Now, Cohen was completely gutted once again by defense on cross-examination and today, Michael Cohen admitted on the stand that he stole tens of thousands of dollars from the Trump organization. Well, for guy like Trump that paid such close attention, how would that happen?Now, according to one fake news CNN analyst, quote, this is a more serious crime than what Donald Trump is on trial for. And guess what? That New York D.A. Bragg, he knew all about it. But his last name isn't Trump, he hates Trump.Now, even the media mob is forced to admit that this political witch hunt is imploding. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: Yeah, I'm still kind of reeling from the revelation that Michael Cohen stole money from the Trump Organization and that wasn't at least to my knowledge that the prosecution didn't get that - - get that out earlier.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The prosecution has painted Michael Cohen as sort of this bumbling pathetic character whose only sins were his misguided, undying loyalty to Donald Trump. But now, you see something a little different. Now, there's an argument to be made that actually you're just an opportunistic thief.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The fact that he was ever charged with larceny is important because stealing $60,000 through fraud, which would be larceny in New York state is more serious of a crime than falsifying business record.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They knew about this. They minimized it. The prosecutor misled this jury. That's what I would argue.TAPPER: Are you allowed to say that?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, sir, oh, yeah.TAPPER: Yeah.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, even fake Jake didn't give opinion, left-wing opinion for a minute.Anyway, unfortunately, one particularly deranged MSDNC host still defending Michael Cohen. Are you shocked? I'm not. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, MSNBC HOST: He very effectively got Michael Cohen to say to agree that yes he stole $40,000. Later when Cohen was asked about that on redirect by the prosecution, it didn't really sound like stealing $40,000. It sounded a lot like Michael Cohen doing the little that he could within that calculation to rebalance the bonus he thought he deserved and it still came out as less than the bonus he thought he deserved and the bonus he'd gotten the year before.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, let's compare MSDNC to the actual transcript, Trump's lawyer asked, quote, you stole from the Trump Organization, right? Cohen responded, quote, yes, sir.Now, you don't have to be a legal scholar now, do you? But I'm pretty sure that that means Cohen admitted to stealing from the Trump Organization.But don't expect any charges from Alvin Bragg. He's only interested in getting Donald Trump as he made a promise on the campaign trail. Unfortunately, for Bragg, his star witness has been a complete, unmitigated disaster. Cohen even admitted to having a financial interest in the case, can't make that up either.Cohen said he's trying to get a reality TV show picked up, and might even use this trial as a way to run for Congress. According to testimony, Cohen has already made millions on the anti-Trump hatred through book deals, podcasts and, of course, whatever gifts that he's getting on social media, in order, why? To salvage this train wreck, well, the prosecution, they're now at this late hour they're going to need a lot of help.But lucky for them, they have Judge Juan Merchan, a compromised Biden donor who's blatantly abusively against all things Donald Trump. And today, as Trump's defense began to present their case, oh, well, Juan Merchan, well, he appeared ready willing and able to give brag a help hand. He knows probably deep in his heart this is falling apart, and he's trying to salvage this failing trial.At one point, Judge Merchan exploded on Robert Costello, a guy with impeccable credentials while trying to limit the scope of his testimony, even threaten to remove him from the courtroom for rolling his eyes and question, are you staring me down? Really?As a reminder, the defense called on Costello, why? Because of this compelling story. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT COSTELLO, FORMER COHEN ATTORNEY: Basically, they only put in a small cherry-picked group of emails. I presented maybe 200 to 300 emails and text messages to them. I had them with me luckily in chronological order. They put two or three in to evidence I asked them are you going to put the rest of them into evidence and they said no.He said specifically and I cross-examined him on this, this was my idea. It was his idea to take care of the NDA because he had been contacted by a lawyer for Stormy Daniels who said she was going to claim that Donald Trump had sex with her, Cohen said, I didn't believe the allegation, but nevertheless it would be embarrassing to Melania. That's Michael Cohen's words, he said. And so I decided to take care of this myself.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And according to testimony, well, apparently, that story was told to many people in the media mob. Here's Eric Trump who will join us in a minute. He was in the courtroom today. Here's his quote.Now the judge's treatment of Bob Costello is truly disgraceful. He would not allow him to tell his story, the same story that he told Congress. As he knows, it will be devastating and end this sham trial. This is not justice.He's correct. Merchan let Stormy Daniels testify about ghosts, x-rated stories that were immaterial, irrelevant to the case, but the moment Robert Costello begins to testify about his interactions with Michael Cohen, their star witness and impeach his testimony, as regard to the NDA and him saying over and over again that in fact he did it on his own, well, Judge Juan Merchan sought to limit Costello's testimony, ultimately, even threaten to kick him out of court.Now, Judge Merchan also put strict limitations on another witness that is going to be used by the defense, Bradley Smith, former FEC commissioner, and an expert on federal election crimes.Now, keep in mind, a critical part of the prosecution's case against Donald Trump, it is nebulous, this is a novel federal election crime theory. He was never charged in any way, shape, manner or form, not even identified. But Merchan is prohibiting Bradley Smith from testifying in full about the law, in a court of law based on the legal statute in the law.Is this not banana republic kangaroo court stuff? But it's ob what the judge is doing.Now, here's Bradley Smith on this very program. He was also on Levin's program recently. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRADLEY SMITH, FORMER FEC CHAIR: The claim made by the D.A. is the federal law says something is a campaign contribution if it's made with the -- for the purpose of influencing a campaign, and that's the argument -- well, they were trying to do this because they thought if they could pay hush money to Stormy Daniels, that would help Trump's campaign, so that's the theory.Most of us would not think that it is a campaign expenditure to try to settle potential legal claims against you or other claims against you for events that occurred 10 years before you talked about running for office. You know, to pay -- allegedly to pay hush money to Stormy Daniels or any anybody else, and the odd theory of the D.A. Bragg is that not only could those expenses be paid with campaign funds, they would have to be paid with campaign funds.I think, again, it's a common sense matter that's clearly wrong, but also when you look at the statute and you realize that's an objective standard, it's clearly not correct to say that these were funds that count as a campaign expenditure.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Between Costello and Smith, it'd be game over for Alvin Bragg, and Merchan knows that, so he's doing whatever he can to limit Donald Trump's defense in a court of law, and throw a lifeline, what, to Alvin Bragg, why? Because he's trying to save this case that has gone down the absolute tubes.This is what the weaponization of Biden's DOJ looks like. This is lawfare. It's plain and simple. Even the far-left director Oliver Stone is speaking out against this massive abuse of power, calling it the new form of warfare, lawfare.Now make no mistake, there is no crime here. There's no evidence here. Bragg's entire case hinges on, you know, uncorroborated claims from a convicted liar and apparently thief who hates Donald Trump by admission who himself would benefit from Trump's conviction and even testified that he told multiple people that Trump knew nothing about this whole payment deal to Stormy Daniels.And according to Costello, Bragg even withheld exculpatory evidence from the grand jury, something he has compelled to present to the grand jury even after it was specifically pointed out to him by Costello. No wonder the judge has came down on Costello.The judge is currently blocking real exculpatory evidence, he did it to the grand jury. Now, it's happening to this jury.Both of these anti-Trump Democrats are completely totally out of control. This is a political show trial. It is destroying the credibility of our entire justice system. It's shredding our sacred -- your sacred constitution, and in the process causing great damage to your constitutional republic.Here now with reaction, Eric Trump. He was in the courtroom today.I'm sure there's a lot you have to say, I won't even ask a question but you were there. You want to describe to people what actually happened in there? Because the media was kicked out and the courtroom was emptied.ERIC TRUMP, TRUMP ORGANIZATION, VICE PRESIDENT: Yeah.HANNITY: But you were there.E. TRUMP: Sean, I've never seen anything like this. I've been by my father's side almost the entire time. I've been -- I've spent many, many days in the front row of that court and I've never seen anything like I saw today.You would think that transparency would be important in a court system, in front of a jury, to get to the actual truth, that's normally what you're supposed to do in court. And the exact opposite thing happened today.First of all, something's holding the judge back and I think I know what it is. I think it's his daughter who's apparently making millions and millions and millions of dollars, raising millions for Democratic operatives around New York because today it was proven their star witness Michael Cohen has lied over and over and over again.He lied to Congress. He lied to Senate. He lied to the attorney general of New York. He lied in the D.A. trial in New York. He lied to the Southern District of New York.He lied to his wife. He lied to Judge Pauley which is the judge that sentenced him. He paid vendors in bags of cash. He stole from our organization, right?So then we asked the judge for a motion to dismiss after all these lies, after Michael agrees that he lied to all of these people, right? He's a serial perjurer. He's a serial liar. He can't be trusted and he is their star witness.We asked for a motion to dismiss and it just goes nowhere because somebody is holding this judge back and then when I look at what he did to Bob Costello, he wanted to tell his story, he knows the details of this better than anybody, he met with Cohen. He said over and over and over again that Cohen kept on saying that Donald Trump did absolutely nothing wrong he has no information on Donald Trump. He did nothing illegal.And at every single chance that he could -- you know, he could stop him, he could sustain, he would block him from any of that testimony. Then as you said before, the top FEC lawyer in the country wants to testify about how there is no crime here. And again, he wouldn't allow the FEC lawyer.Transparency should be at the heart of this case, and the judge is blocking it at every single intersection and I sit there as a proud son, as a person who knows my father didn't do a damn thing wrong, and you just watch a sham in New York at this kangaroo court where my father's been censored. He's been admonished. He's been embarrassed. He's been slandered.He's been held off the campaign trail, right? I mean, how much more does a person need to go through and how much more obvious can this be to every single American exactly what's happening right now because my father, that man right there on the stage is winning in every single swing state. He's mopping the floor with Biden right now.He's about to have one of the biggest rallies in New York history. You saw what happened to Wildwood, New Jersey, last week, and they can't handle it. So they employ crooked judges and they will not let him out of this case even though it would have ended day one, second one for any other person who didn't have the last name Trump.HANNITY: Well, this has gotten worse and worse. What I see happening and tell me if this is your observation, especially when you look at the impeccable credentials of somebody like Bob Costello or Bradley Smith who we just played, and I just think this is a Biden donor judge. You brought up, you know, it's been written about extensively about the daughter and her political activities and questions about whether she might benefit as a result of this trial. He should have recused himself.A misdemeanor whose statute of limitations have run out. Nobody can even identify, but if I surveyed the jurors today, they couldn't even tell you what the -- what the crime is that that Bragg, the theory is, because it doesn't exist. And this is now -- this is the country we're living in.I think it's backfiring. I think it's boomeranging and as hard as it is for you and your family and your and your father, the fact that they are he's desperately trying to throw them a lifeline tells me that judge knows they lost.E. TRUMP: Let me put in context, Sean, and their whole -- their whole tactic is to embarrass and confuse people but this is $130,000 from eight years ago and they have charged my father with 34 felony counts, right, while they shut down all of New York. Every morning, they shut down the FDR Drive on the way down, then they surround the courthouse for literally blocks and blocks with the biggest law enforcement presence you've ever seen.Then they close the FDR on the way uptown. You have every single D.A. in New York, the top brass of the D.A.'s office, they're all sitting there, they're all giggling, the resources, the years of time that they've spent on this, for $130,000 from eight years ago, for accountant that booked a legal expense, a longtime personal attorney as a legal expense, no one believes it as little kids are getting shot in New York and women are getting hurt and people are getting mugged and illegal immigrants are taking over the city, and you can't shop at CVS because everything's locked behind plexiglass, because there's so much shoplifting.No one believes this. This is legal lawfare. It's been what they've been doing to my father since he came down that escalator. This is no surprise to anybody. They're out to get the guy.Alvin Bragg will stop in nothing and by the way guys like Soros are telling him, you take down Donald Trump because otherwise, we're going to have a real problem November 5th.HANNITY: And let me tell you, Eric --E. TRUMP: And the whole country is getting it. The whole country is seeing it. Our fundraising is off the charts because of it. He's winning in the polls because of it.You know, it's a law of adverse consequences. You know, sometimes things that they can't see come back and bite them in the butt and that's exactly what's happening here. But it's just a shame that that great man right there has to sit through this nonsense.He's a great president. He's a great person. He's a great father, and this country deserves a lot better than this nonsense.HANNITY: Well, I'm going to agree with that last part. This country deserves so much better and it's sad.All right. Eric, thank you.Joining us now with more, also in the courtroom today, Trump legal spokesperson Alina Habba.I want to get your p perspective watching this -- this Adam Schiff unfold today, Alina.ALINA HABBA, FORMER PRESIDENT TRUMP'S LEGAL SPOKESPERSON: Yeah, that's a great way to refer to it, Sean.It is a show. It's a Biden show trial, that's for sure. If you look at the audience that's sitting there, if you look at the lack of evidence and you look at how they are literally floundering because they have no case and it's coming out.You know, there was something that occurred to me today and I was speaking to some people and I'm sitting there listening to this, and I think the American people need to remember something, Sean.We just wrapped up a fraud case with Letitia James about books and records, about statements of financial condition that were undervalued and here we are and they've taken the same issue and tried to stack a civil issue for $130,000 with 34 counts what would normally be a misdemeanor but excuse me under Bragg, 51 plus percent are dismissed and don't even get charged. And they're making it a federal crime because they're desperate.So let's not forget what this is. It's the same trial I just finished. It's the same state I just finished and we got demolished by crooked judges. And this is what we're doing again and it's desperate, and it's obvious. And the rulings today, Sean, as I spoke to you earlier on the radio, you know, I was infuriated. To not allow an expert is a fatal, fatal error by the judge in my opinion.HANNITY: Oh, there's so many avenues for appeal. Problem with the appeal is there's a conviction that that happens after the election how convenient.Alina, we really appreciate it. You've been in the courtroom every day and I can't imagine what that's like in real life. Thank you.All right. Here with more FOX News contributor Jonathan Turley. He too was in the courtroom today.Well, what was it like for you?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it was like being in a parallel universe because I didn't recognize much of it. It was particularly bizarre to watch Cohen sit there on the stand and admit that he stole tens of thousands of dollars from his client rather matter -- matter of factly, he committed larceny. But this isn't the first time he's taken the stand to admit criminal acts. You know, he went on the stand under oath and admitted that he previously committed perjury in a trial over his prior perjury.And the Department of Justice did nothing. I mean, they had a ready-made case of a witness saying yes, under oath, I swear to God, I committed perjury in the previous trial, and the Department of Justice just shrugged and walked away. And here, you have someone who admitted to a major larceny case, and the prosecutor had the audacity to get up and say, will you remind the jury that you're not charged with anything, are you?And I wanted to stand up and say that's the point. I mean, there's a guy in this courtroom which most certainly should be charged and he's your star witness.HANNITY: Yeah, let me ask you this because you have been all over this case and following every detail this case. I think it was your first day in court. Am I correct about that?TURLEY: Yes.HANNITY: Or had you been there -- it was your first day. Did you get a different feeling being in there? Did you actually -- were you in the courtroom and did you actually get to see the whole -- the whole disaster with Costello? Are you staring me down? You know his credentials. I mean, they're pretty impressive.TURLEY: Yeah, first of all, the most striking aspect of the day was how one-sided the judge's rulings were from the beginning of the day. I was amazed at how he routinely ruled for the prosecution. Some of his rulings against the defense I still don't understand how he got his mind around some of those rulings. They seemed completely wrong to me.I -- but when it came to Costello, I was not in the court when he went on the stand but that was a really interesting decision by the defense, and I think it's partially because that the judge is once again allowing not just the prosecutors but Michael Cohen to tell the jury there were campaign finance violations in the case, and the judge just offers this rather weak instruction that you shouldn't take that for a judgment on the law, you can ignore it. Well, they're more likely to ignore that instruction then they are the repeated references to campaign violations.There aren't any campaign violations by Trump in this case, but I promise you the jury believes that there are because Judge Merchan has allowed that to happen.And so, I think that's the reason they called Costello eventually. He is a kill shot witness. They've decided they're going to put it all on the table and go for a hung jury instead of just letting this play out and have it reversed on appeal. And Costello really gave the judge a lot to handle.Now, the one thing I would advise him and I reluctantly would advise Robert Costello because he is a storied prosecutor and famous litigator. I would say dial it down a little bit when he comes back tomorrow. The rolling of the eyes, the comments, his testimony is golden. He has to make sure he gets it out and not trip wires with this judge, because he still has a lot to tell that jury that they're going to be quite surprised to hear.HANNITY: I agree with that.Last question, did you get a read on the jury?TURLEY: No, I didn't because I was in the overflow. So --HANNITY: Oh, I got an overflow room, regular room. I -- you know, I'm not allowed anywhere near New York, so I'm fine with that.All right. Professor, thank you.When we come back, Alan Dershowitz, he was in the courtroom today with Donald Trump. He joins us along with Gregg Jarrett.And Marco Rubio a tutorial on how to take on the media mob in an interview, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I think the case is going very well. We've asked for termination of the case. This case should be terminated. This shouldn't go anywhere. It should be terminated right now.And New York state has to build up system again. New York state can't let this happen, can't let this happen. There were no crimes. We did nothing wrong and I want to get back to campaigning.I'm representing millions and millions, hundreds of millions of people.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: President Trump outside the courtroom today. Also today, just as Professor Alan Dershowitz and Greg Jarrett predicted, the judge pointed out that Trump calling a legal expert would be allowed, that would allow the prosecution to do the same, in their testimony would conflict with his own interpretation of the law. Oh, okay. The judge therefore ruled the election law experts that Trump team wants to call as a witness would be severely limited in what he was able to say, the former FEC chair, another insane ruling.Alan Dershowitz was in the courtroom today. He joins us, along with FOX news legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.Professor, I don't know if Jonathan Turley is going to like this. You were in the actual courtroom. You were not asked to leave. You actually saw this whole -- well, show go down with Bob Costello, and the judge. You know, you trying to stare me down.What is he -- what is he talking about? He rolled his eyes. I'm rolling my eyes, you know, just hearing about what's going on in that courtroom. I got to imagine in all the years you practice law, have you ever seen anything like this?No, I never have. I sat in the front row literally just feet away from where all the action occurred. I rolled my eyes when the judge made some rulings that were absurd. Any first year evidence, student would understand that he was making bias rulings in favor of one side.I stared him down but Costello didn't. He acted like a normal witness and the judge went berserk. The judge violated Trump's constitutional right to a public trial by kicking the media out of the courtroom. I don't know why I wasn't kicked out, and I heard him lecture Costello, I am -- you -- what you did was contemptuous. You looked at me contemptuously.And, you know, it reminded me of May West when a judge said, you're showing contempt for the court. And May West said, no, you're honor, I'm trying my best to hide my contempt for the court. I'm sure Costello was trying to hide his contempt for the court, but the judge had such a thin skin that he threatened him. He said he would strike the testimony and hold him in contempt if he rolled his eyes again.You have a constitutional right to roll your eyes, and to stare at anybody. It was absurd and then to sit so close to Cohen watching him give lie after lie -- would you believe he actually said he would not have accepted a pardon from Donald Trump after he had previously said he would do anything to avoid prison. He would -- essentially, he would lie, he would cheat. He would do anything to avoid prison, but I won't accept the pardon from Donald Trump.If you believe that, I got a bridge to sell you in Brooklyn. There was so many eyes and then failure to allow a full testimony from the expert when the other side was allowed to introduce letters saying and the jury will believe it as Jonathan correctly said that it was illegal, it was illegal, it was illegal. This expert was going to come in and rebut that.This judge has committed more reversible errors in the one day I was in the courtroom than I've seen in years and years of practicing law. It's just an outrage.HANNITY: It really is.I want to explore with you, Gregg, the -- what Bob Costello has been saying, and that is that he spent an hour and a half on a Zoom call with Bragg's people, that he specifically pointed out exculpatory evidence that he said needed to be presented to the grand jury and they purposely didn't.Now, in a grand jury. We always hear you can indict a ham sandwich, fair enough, but if a D.A. knows about exculpatory evidence knowing that the defense has no spokesperson there, don't they have a legal obligation to present that? Do you see possible legal issues for Alvin Bragg, possible legal issues or ethical issues for the judge who should have recused in this case?GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Oh, I absolutely do, for everybody associated with this, the prosecution and the judge.Look, a prosecutor has an affirmative duty that if he knows about exculpatory evidence, he must -- he absolutely must present it to the jury. Why? The grand jury, because in a grand jury, there's no defense allowed. You know, the defense attorneys don't come in there and present their side. It's one sided.So the duty shifts to the prosecution. Here, they conjured up this phony excuse and they said to Costello, oh, we can't admit your exculpatory evidence because it's hearsay. There is no hearsay in a grand. Double, triple, quadruple hearsay, even newspaper articles are submitted.So this is an example of uh essentially obstruction of justice by the people we expect to do justice. Costello today though I think totally blew away Cohen's credibility exposed, him for lying to the jury.And that is why Merchan went ballistic. He stepped in. He's helping the prosecution by sustaining these meritless objections, scolding Costello.This is a transparently rigged case engineered to convict and that is precisely why Donald Trump has been saying over and over again this is a corrupt case and a crooked judge and today, Merchan proved it.HANNITY: Oh, there should be a directed verdict. There should be -- this motion to dismiss should be granted. That's not going to happen. Now, it'll probably go to a jury and without all the pertinent information because Costello will impeach the testimony of their star witness, and the fact that he won't allow that is unreal. The fact that he won't allow a lawyer to explain the law, unreal.Anyway, what a day. Thank you both.When we come back, well, Senator Marco Rubio sparred with NBC's Kristen Welker yesterday. All you Republicans out there, watch this exchange and learn. This is how you should handle a hostile media mob, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. During what was a contentious appearance on "Meet the Press" yesterday, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida and Kristen Welker, they sparred over the results of this coming November's election and the potential results. Watch this exchange.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WELKER: Will you accept the election results of 2024 no matter what happens, Senator?RUBIO: No matter what happens? No, if it's an unfair election, I think it's going to be contested by any side.WELKER: No matter who wins? Senator, no matter who wins?RUBIO: Well, I think you're asking the wrong person. The Democrats are the ones that have opposed every Republican victory since 2000. Every single one. It's Hillary --WELKER: No Democrat has refused to concede. Hillary Clinton conceded.Senator, will you accept the election result?RUBIO: Hillary Clinton said the election was stolen from her and that Trump was illegitimate.WELKER: But she conceded.RUBIO: Kamala Harris agreed.WELKER: Senator --RUBIO: And you have Democrats now saying they won't certify 2024 because Trump is an insurrectionist and ineligible to hold office. So you need to ask them.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Republicans, before you go on the media mob, go on with them watch that interview and watch his previous interviews.Senator Rubio is correct. Since 2000, Democrats have denied the results of every single Republican victory for the most part and in case you forgot, here's a small sample. I did even add Stacey Abrams. That's a separate case.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: I believe he knows he's an illegitimate president.I think it's also critical to understand that as I've been telling candidates who have come to see me, you can run the best campaign, you can even become the nominee and you can have the election stolen from you.RADIO HOST: I think he's an illegitimate president that didn't really win. So how do you, you know, fight against that in 2020?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You are absolutely right.REP. MAXINE WATERS (D-CA): The president is an illegitimate racist occupying the White House.REP. JERRY NADLER (D-NY): The Russian weighing in on the election, the Russian attempt to hack the election and frankly the FBI's weighing in on the election. I think make the -- makes his election illegitimate.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He's illegitimate and my biggest fear is that he's going to do it again with the help of Vlad, his best pal, and we're going to be stuck for six more years of this guy and that is terrifying. It's terrifying.BIDEN: Would you be my vice presidential candidate, though?Folks, look, I absolutely agree.STACEY ABRAMS (D-GA), FORMER GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE: We had this little election back in 2018, and despite the final tally and the inauguration and the situation we find ourselves in, I do have one very affirmative statement to make: we won. And I believe was a stolen election, and I'm not saying they stole it from me, they stole it from the voters of Georgia.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Can also add Bill Clinton and Barack Obama and Hakeem Jeffries, I just don't have enough time.Senator Marco Rubio is here with reaction.You know, I just -- Republicans don't go unprepared, and it's a hostile environment. By the way, people don't even watch those Sunday shows anymore. The days of Brinkley and Russert, they're long gone and people aren't even watching those Sunday shows like they used to, and I just love the fact when you go on, you don't take their crap.RUBIO: Well, I mean, the premise is something that needs to be challenged because the truth is that, you know, most people have forgotten that they did all that, you know, because the -- it isn't widely reported. There certainly wasn't a string of repeated interviews, in which every Democrat is asked these questions.But I think we need to understand what's happening right this very moment, okay? There are Democrats right now that are toying with the idea there was a peace in the Atlantic, there were people that wouldn't comment on it, some are toying with it, with this whole notion that if Trump wins, they will basically refuse to certify because they're going to argue that he is an insurrectionist and therefore ineligible to hold office and that'll be grounds to throw out the electors of these states and so forth. They're already talking about that,And so, I think it's important to point out that they should be the ones that are asked. I believe if I'm not mistaken, I would say 12, maybe 13 Democrats have appeared on "Meet the Press" in the last year under this host, not a single one of them has been asked the question of whether they will accept the election if Trump wins, no matter what. They're never asked that question. They need to be asked that question because they're the ones as you said at the outset they have challenged, they have disputed the credibility and the legitimacy of every Republican presidential win since 2000.HANNITY: Yeah. I mean, it's -- and again, we didn't include Obama. We didn't include Hakeem Jeffries. We didn't include Bill Clinton and they've all done the same thing too. They're all election deniers.But you're right, the media never asked that question. Why -- you know, just like the January 6 Committee, the -- you have five people that that are on record saying that Donald Trump approved 10,000 National Guard troops, and it was Muriel Bowser who denied it in writing. You have the Capitol Police chief begging for National Guard troops, they didn't want to bring him in.You -- they kept out conveniently in their Hollywood produced prime time special led by Liz Cheney that, you know, Donald Trump said peacefully, patriotically, you know, march to the capital so your voices will be heard. All of this is distorted. Now, we're in the middle of this trial.What's your reaction to what happened in the courtroom and what's happening with the weaponization of the DOJ?RUBIO: Well, let me first say the trial is a national embarrassment. I mean, the whole world is watching this thing and just wondering like, what's happened to America? America used to put sanctions on countries that did this kind of thing.Then you have Michael Cohen. Michael Cohen is like the Fredo character in "Godfather". He's desperate to -- you know, he feels like his -- you know, others have impressed, have gotten ahead of him. There others are more impressive. So he wants to have something of his own, he ends up betraying his family and almost getting people killed in the process.And that's Michael Cohen. This is a guy that was, you know, rented some suit over at the Hay-Adams, is looking across at the White House, all the people he used to work with over at the Trump Organization are now in the White House and he's been left out and he's miserable about that, and so he's desperate to go out and see what he can invent on his own to try to impress Donald Trump and try to get himself back in.And that's what's coming across here, not to mention the fact that the guy is an admitted, convicted serial liar and apparently now also a thief who stole money from the Trump organization, again, to be able to go back and take credit for having achieved something and having done something on his own without anybody telling him to do it.This whole thing is a disaster that if I ever told anybody that the leading candidate for president of the Republican or Democratic Party for that matter, the Republican Party in this case, would be standing trial in a courtroom in which a judge who was an open Biden supporter, an open Biden supporter, a prosecutor who's an open Biden supporter, and a jury drawn from the most liberal county in America, and somehow that's a fair trial? On ridiculous charges, on completely ridiculous charges.HANNITY: It's insane.RUBIO: There -- well, there's only one person on Earth that would ever face charges like this and it has to have the last name Donald Trump. It's the only person that would ever charge with any of this.HANNITY: Yeah, and he admitted today, he told all these people that he did this on his own. Wow, you would think that'd be big news.Last question, Senator --RUBIO: And that he has a financial stake on the trial, that he's going to make money off the trial.HANNITY: You had that, too.Last question, your name's coming up a lot as it relates to vice president. If asked, would you -- would you -- what would your answer be?RUBIO: Well, first, let me be clear, I've never talked about this with the Trump campaign, with President Trump, with anybody. So I've only heard it from the media. I want to serve our country, serving as vice president would be a tremendous honor, but that's Donald Trump's decision to make. He's going to make a good decision and he's got a lot of really good people to pick from.But, you know, we'll see what happens. I know he'll make the right choice. I just want to continue to serve whether it's in the Senate or in some other capacity but I've not talked to anybody about it. He's got a lot of good people to pick from.HANNITY: All right. Senator Marco Rubio, I hope Republicans learn how to handle the leftwing media mob. Thank you.When we come back, you're not going to believe the race baiting remarks of Joe Biden yesterday during a commencement address. We'll play them you get reaction. Vivek Ramaswamy, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: So, Joe Biden delivered the commencement speech this weekend at Morehouse College where his desperate attempt now to appeal to African- American voters failed miserably. Instead, it came across as race baiting and frankly nobody cared that Joe was there. Take a look at some of Joe's patronizing remarks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: What is democracy? Betrayal of broken promises still leave back Black communities behind.What is democracy? You have to be 10 times better than anyone else to get a fair shot.Most of all, what does it mean as we've heard before to be a Black man who loves his country even if it doesn't love him back in equal measure.They don't see you in the future of America, but they're wrong.Extremist forces aligned against the meaning and message Morehouse and they peddle a fiction, a caricature, what being a man is about, tough talk, abusing power, bigotry.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Joe also met with anti-Israel protesters during his speech, many of whom turned their back on the president while he spoke and a much larger demonstration happening outside the commencement ceremony, calling Biden "genocide Joe". Very few supporters even cared that he was in Atlanta. Well, pretty friendly Democratic territory.Here with reaction, former GOP presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy.Your reaction to all of this and I know, I brought this up with Tim Scott this week. I think I'm the only one that does. He partnered with the former Klansman, his mentor and his friend, that filibustered the Civil Rights Act in '64, and he stood against school busing and integration of public schools in the `70s. Why? He didn't want them to become racial jungles, Vivek.VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, he did that because it was politically popular to say that back then, just as it's politically popular to engage in race baiting now with the far left.I should say this though, Sean, Black Americans want the same thing as every other voter in this country which is honesty. They don't want condescension. And I don't think it's good for anybody to feed these victimhood narratives down the throats of graduates from any college, and I think it's a shame that Biden showed up with this kind of race-baiting, this kind of divisive politics when in fact he was a president who promised to unite this country. He has failed miserably.And I'll tell you, this weekend, I happen to be in Chicago I met with a lot of Black voters. Many of them are actually longtime Democrats, one of them told me he had only ever voted Democrat but that are coming our way this year because they are sick and tired of the lies they have been force-fed. They want honesty and I think Donald Trump is going to be the candidate who gives that to them.HANNITY: Isn't it more apparent than ever that that the leftist socialist party has really become the party of coastal elites and Donald Trump, make America great, America first has become the party of working men and women in this country?RAMASWAMY: Look, I think what we're seeing in the Republican side now is a multi-ethnic working class coalition of people who love this country against a fringe minority, and I do think it's a fringe minority, Sean, in this country who hate the United States of America and our founding ideals. That's the real dividing line.It is not black versus white, as the media would have you believe. It's not man versus woman. It's not even traditional Democrat versus Republican.I think the beauty of the America first movement is America first includes all Americans, and I think whether or not you're Black on the South Side of Chicago or in suburbs or other cities across this country, you don't want illegals pouring across our southern border by the millions. You want a growing economy that lifts every American up from poverty.And I think that's what we had. Under four years of Donald Trump, we have one record. Under four years of Biden, we have another. And that is a once in a century opportunity that voters have this year to choose between those two records. And Biden is doing everything he can to deflect away from the truth. He's going to fail.HANNITYT: how's law and order doing under the Democrats? How's defund, dismantle, no bail laws, how's that working out for every American? How's the Biden economy, 20 percent increase in inflation since he's been a president?You know, how's that open border working for everybody in every city and every town? How's -- how are things around the world uh as America surrendered in the war on terror, war in Europe, war in the Middle East? Not great.Anyway, Vivek, great to have you. We appreciate it. More "Hannity" straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Great news. Well, FOX Nation has been number one, my special "Outlaws and Lawmen". The third edition drops on Wednesday, will be available then, only on FOX Nation, and three or four episodes.This one follows the legendary man hunter Bass Reeves. Wait until you hear that story.All right. Please, let not the heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld is next. He's going to put a smile on your face.Have a great night.