(MUSIC)NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Yes, the heat is on right now, and we're not just talking Wall Street. More on than that in a second.Because it is looking like President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump will indeed be facing off, both agreeing to two debates, the first one June 27. And while there are still a ton of details to be hammered out, this much we do know. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is upset that he has been left out. So how will all of this shake out?Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto.Well, let's find out from the White House how they're reacting, because they initiated all of this,.Peter Doocy is there.Hey, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Big couple hours here, Neil.President Biden laid out terms for these debates that were favorable to his side, and President Trump accepted. So, for now, there's not going to be any audiences for the two agreed-upon debates. But Trump has some requests of his own.He did Hugh Hewitt's radio show. And he said: "I think we should go two hours. Yes, I think we should go two. And he said a stand-up podium is important. If he wants to sit down -- he wants to do things, like he wants to sit down. I think a debate should be standing up."So, by cutting out the Commission on Presidential Debates, the major parties are cutting out RFK Jr. And he is furious. He is accusing Biden and Trump of colluding against him.And he says: "By excluding me from the stage, Presidents Biden and Trump seek to avoid discussion of their eight years of mutual failure, including deficits, wars, lockdowns, chronic disease, and inflation."The Biden team is also insisting microphones must be cut to prevent anybody from speaking out of turn, and they insist that this is not tied to recent poor polling.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Should we see this sudden offer from the president to debate as a signal that you guys realize you need to change the subject after some really bad polling?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: You know, we went to -- had a back-and-forth on polling yesterday. He's laser-focused on making sure we do everything that we can to give people, Americans, a little bit of breathing room.;(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Donald Trump had challenged Joe Biden to a debate anywhere any time.The two seem to be trying to call each other's bluffs. But now there is going to be at least one debate a month before Donald Trump even accepts the Republican nomination at the convention, which is, until today, something that hadn't happened -- Neil.CAVUTO: I'm curious. Even though CNN is handling it, will it be broadcast on all networks?DOOCY: That's a good question for them. The ABC debate that is scheduled in the fall, they are saying that they are going to make it available to simulcast.CAVUTO: All right, we will watch closely. Peter, thank you very much.Peter Doocy on all of that.Well, if you're looking forward to this rematch, remember this?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm not here to call out his lies. Everybody knows he's a liar.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: But you agree. Joe, you're the liar. You graduated last in your class, not first in your class.Why wouldn't you answer that question? You want to put a lot of new Supreme Court Justices. Radical left.BIDEN: Will you shut up, man?And the fact is this man doesn't know what he's talking about.TRUMP: Don't ever use the word smart with me. Don't ever use that word.BIDEN: Oh, give me a break.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, that went well. We could look forward to more of the same, or will it be a little different this time? Let'sLet's go to Bob Cusack, The Hill editor in chief.So, Bob, it's on. Will it happen, though?BOB CUSACK, EDITOR IN CHIEF, THE HILL: I think it will.And part of the reason is -- as Peter's question alluded to, is that Biden is losing right now. He's losing in the battleground states. So I think the president and his team decided, OK, we can't be called a chicken for the next five to six months and we have got to debate Trump.So I do think it's going to happen, but, as you say, a lot of details that got to iron out.CAVUTO: And the biggest detail is whether it's going to be available for a broad broadcast audience, in other words, if CNN is handling it, it's available to everybody, to simulcast. What do you think?CUSACK: I don't know. ABC's move does put some pressure on CNN. There's no doubt about it.CAVUTO: Yes.CUSACK: And this is something that the -- this is good for the country, Neil. We need debates. We need these, even though, the last time, especially the first debate, was a fiasco.And I think it led to Trump's defeat, because he was a little out of control in that debate. This is important to exchange debates and to see one-on-one.However, this is also an end run around RFK Jr. as well.CAVUTO: Yes. I wanted to ask you about that, because, as soon as he heard about this, he said the others were colluding against him, that: "They're trying to exclude me from their debate because they are afraid I would win."What did you make of that?CUSACK: And, listen, he's got a very good point. I mean, remember, the commission rules are, if you get 15 percent in the polls and you aren't enough ballots to feasibly win, so you could add up to 270 electoral votes, you qualify.OK, so this, when you take it out of the commission's hands, well, then you're -- it's just one-on-one. So you're basically shelving. And it just proves that we're in a two-party system, whether you like it or not. And RFK Jr. obviously does not like that.CAVUTO: All right, now, CNN's own polling standards, I believe, were 15 percent. So if CNN held to those standards, they might be compelled to invite him. Then again, that would probably trigger one or both of the other candidates showing less interest, depending on who thinks that RFK Jr. hurts them.What do you think?CUSACK: RFK Jr. is not going to go quietly. And I could see him showing up at the debate, even if he's not invited.I do not think either side wants RFK Jr. I think that's part of whether you call it collusion or whether you just say, hey, listen, it's a two-party system, and you have got to win the Republican or Democratic nomination. This is what it is.But as RFK Jr. and others say, it's like, listen, we deserve another choice. But I don't think you're going to see RFK Jr. in this debate.CAVUTO: Who -- because expectations are so low for the president, I don't know if that's fair or not, he has less of a hurdle to climb. But that's in the eye of the beholder, I guess. So what do you think?CUSACK: Yes, I do think expectations have gotten lower for the president.And the president, because he is the president, basically, if you hold the title, you get to set the parameters in any type of rematch. It's like it was a heavyweight championship boxing match. So Trump is -- has said he would -- he would have -- he would debate. And even though he doesn't, I'm sure, like that it's CNN and mainstream media doing the debate, he's got to accept it.So I do think we're going to have these debates. And, of course, they're going to be very feisty.CAVUTO: When you talk about feisty, there's no student -- I'm sorry -- no audience, period, outside of cameramen and the moderator or moderators. There will be two in the case of CNN.I'm just wondering how that changes the dynamics.CUSACK: Yes, that's going to be interesting to watch.And, certainly, we know that Trump likes going after the media. He likes going after CNN and -- and, well, all media to some degree. So I do think he -- that's going to be part of his script of going after the media.But, again, he's got to tone it down compared to that first debate. He cannot have a repeat of that, or he's going to dip in the polls just like you did last time.CAVUTO: All right, let me ask you a little bit about this, because the Republican Convention is in Milwaukee in July, so not too much after this debate, but the Democrats' in August.So I'm just wondering, if either has a poor performance or is deemed to have a poor performance, how does it affect them going into their respective conventions? Because this is it, as you said, the earliest on record, as far as a debate is concerned.CUSACK: Yes.And the conventions, Neil, as you know, usually, you get a bounce or at least you expect some type of bounce. So this is going to really mix it up a little bit. Conventions are not as important as they used to be, but at the same time, you're going to want to bounce from the debate and then another bounce from the convention.And, listen, if one -- one -- whether it's Biden or Trump, does very well in the first debate, do they stick to their promise to do the second debate? Remains to be seen.CAVUTO: Yes, I didn't think of that. All right, thank you very much. Bob, always good talking to you. Appreciate it.CUSACK: Thanks, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, I have a hat-track to tell you about that -- that's a little sports analogy -- for three records being scored at the corner of the Wall and Broad today, the Dow, the S&P 500, the Nasdaq.This is something you don't often see, but continuing as the Dow gets within 72 points now of 40000. The administration, of course, has had a devil of a time bragging about the market performance under its watch, but it's signaling something now, very little to do with Joe Biden or, for that matter, Donald Trump and everything to do with optimism here that rate cuts might -- may be back in the picture.We had a very stable inflation report. The April consumer inflation report, that would be us, folks, what we're buying, rose less than expected in the latest month, and year over year are rising less than expected. That once again fueled the possibility that things are tame enough that the Federal Reserve certainly doesn't have to entertain any more rate hikes and might, in fact, entertain some rate cuts.One big brokerage firm in New York is still expecting three rate cuts this year. I think that's a little bit generous, but, for the time being, it was enough to propel a good deal of buying, as was a slowdown in retail sales, because, in the Wall Street world, my friends, and I know this often seems confusing, good news can be greeted as bad news.Bad news or slower news regarding you and me and what we're spending or not spending on, that's good,if it means that inflation is less of a worry, stocks can move up, interest rates can come down, the world is perfect, for today.More after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, the markets continue to hit records right now.There might be all these protests, some of them dying down. There might be concern about the war going on in the Middle East right now, and a war that could worsen sooner, rather than later, instability in Washington, a still unsettled presidential race. All of that is out there, but so is the buying,and a lot of it buoyed by reports today that showed at least inflation at our level, the consumer level, the retail level, was relatively tame in the latest month.And retail sales are starting to slow down. Some interpret that as a sign that we could have this proverbial soft landing and we will get those rate cuts.Too soon to say for sure, but Larry Glazer watching it closely of Mayflower Advisors.Larry, what do you think?LARRY GLAZER, MAYFLOWER ADVISORS: Just as the consumer is trying to get beyond this inflationary backdrop we have had the last few years, we finally get a report where we can catch our breath, but it comes on the heels of a lot of really inflationary reports.And, Neil, one of my big concerns is not so much where we are today, but where we're going. And we know we have been hearing more and more out of Washington as the political rhetoric heats up about this idea about tariffs, right, this idea that it is a tax that the U.S. consumer might be paying, an increase in costs. So we can't get beyond these costs.We're going to have additional costs coming down the pike. And who pays those additional costs, Neil? You and I do, right, on steel, on aluminum, on electric vehicles, on medical supplies. So those are the things that we have to contend with in a political silly season.We will take a victory on Wall Street. We will take 401(k)s coming in to record highs. That's great for the consumer, but the consumer has a lot of other concerns that they're trying to unpack. And filling their grocery bill and filling their car and paying their insurance and paying their rent are all those issues.And they know those costs are a lot higher than they were a couple of years ago.CAVUTO: Do you think the presidential contest is factoring into this? Donald Trump takes a bow for what the market is doing right now. I think his premise was, is that it's looking forward to him returning and that that's what's driving it.It seems a little preposterous to me, but your thoughts.GLAZER: You know, look, a tariff in this case is a tax dressed up in political clothing, and it's supposed to be patriotic, but, at the end of the day, raising taxes or raising costs on working families is not a very patriotic idea.And, of course, there are benefits, but if we look at the history of trade wars, which is what these things can lead to, it's not a great one. Look, it led to the Civil War. It led to the Great Depression. So I think we have got to be really careful not to go down that slippery slope.Free market capitalism is the opposite of tariffs and trade wars. So you have to pick your poison and decide, do you want to support the best and brightest companies? Do you want to export technology? Do you want to be the growth engine and the shining beacon? Or do we want to have protectionism to protect our industries?And we have got to be really careful how we navigate that to keep our economy competitive.CAVUTO: That doesn't even remotely answer my question, but -- I'm kidding you, Larry.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: I'm just saying Donald Trump is taking credit for this run-up. Should he?GLAZER: Look, I think everybody's worried.The anxiety level around the election is going to start to build as we get closer to Election Day. Businesses don't like tax uncertainty. We don't know what the tax code is going to look like after the election. We don't know if the tax cuts are going to get extended. So I think all of those are factors.You know what's great is...CAVUTO: But do either of those guys have anything to do with it? In other words, are we more -- and it might be closer to the election.GLAZER: They don't. They don't.CAVUTO: Is it really the Fed? Is it interest rates? What is driving this?GLAZER: No, it's not the president. It is definitely not the president. It's definitely not the Fed. It's small businesses that go to work every day. They put their pants on. They navigate all of these challenges coming out of Washington.Washington is spending so much money and small businesses have to find a way to deal with regulation, deal with tax hikes, deal with all these issues.CAVUTO: Right.GLAZER: And you know what? They do it because the American consumer is very resilient. But don't take the American consumer for granted with tax hikes right now.CAVUTO: All right. So it could be Northern Lights. It could be the aurora borealis. It could be any one of those, but maybe not politics, for the time being.GLAZER: It's not Washington. I will tell you that. It's definitely not Washington.CAVUTO: OK, got it. All right. Always good talking to you, Larry.Larry Glazer on all of that.Meanwhile, we mentioned some of the black swan developments out there that could rattle stocks, haven't thus far, and that includes growing tensions between President Biden and Benjamin Netanyahu. And we're seeing the proof right now in what has been budgeted in arms to Israel.Gillian Turner has more on that -- Gillian.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Neil.Well, the State Department and other administration officials have been criticizing Israel's conduct in Gaza, at least in part blaming them for the deaths of thousands of Palestinian civilians. Now we are learning the White House, the entire administration is pushing a major weapons package worth about a billion dollars for Israel.We're going to try to unpack the contradictions in that, as you mentioned, coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, Netflix might put you in a Christmas Day fix when it comes to watching professional football, because only it is getting the Christmas Day games, in a major sports expansion for this online powerhouse.What it means for you -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, $1 billion,that is the arms package the White House is ready to release to Israel in detail, but it's missing a whole bunch of things.And that is what is causing a bit of an international uproar.Gillian Turner has more -- Gillian.TURNER: Well, hi, Neil.It was just a week ago that the State Department warned it was reasonable to assess that the IDF was committing human rights abuses in Gaza and that Israel was breaking international law. Fast-forward a week to today, and we're learning more about how the Biden administration is now pushing forward this massive billion-dollar weapons package to Israel.Now, take a look at this in recent days. The State Department talking about this issue has really addressed the decision to pause a shipment of 2,000- pound bombs over concerns that they would be used in Rafah and then inadvertently kill civilians. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VEDANT PATEL, PRINCIPAL DEPUTY STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: It is fully legitimate for the United States to be concerned about the use of certain security assets of ours in an urban and dense setting. It's as simple as that.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: The White House, though, with both policy concerns and political concerns in mind, is now trying to straddle the fence and appease both sides.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE SULLIVAN, U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: The United States has sent a massive amount of military assistance to Israel to defend itself. We are continuing to send military assistance, and we will ensure that Israel receives the full amount provided in the supplemental.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Republican leaders, including the House speaker himself, are panning the president's approach. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): The irony is, what Joe Biden is doing for political purposes to try to appease the pro-Hamas people in his party, I guess, or pro-Palestinian, he's doing real harm to the cause and the protection of innocent life.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Secretary Blinken in Ukraine just recently delivered one of his strongest rebukes of Israel since October 7. He said the U.S. wants Israeli forces to -- quote -- "get out of Gaza."So now the House is pushing ahead with the GOP bill that would force the Biden administration to release any holds it has or plans to have on Israeli weapons shipments. Democrats on Capitol Hill divided over this issue. The White House is not divided. They say, obviously, they strongly oppose the bill -- Neil.CAVUTO: Gillian, thank you for all of that.Gillian Turner at the State Department.With us now, David Friedman, the former U.S. ambassador to Israel.David, you and I have chatted about this a couple of times here. And the one thing that makes it stand out, I know prior administrations have also done this kind of thing, not to this degree, but in private. It wasn't blasted to the world in real time. This was and continues to be. What do you make of that?DAVID FRIEDMAN, FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO ISRAEL: Yes, and it wasn't at a time where Israel was fighting an existential battle against this type of barbaric enemy.Neil, this $1 billion package is not in the least bit curative of the abandonment by Biden of Israel last week. I mean, this is a proposed sale, right? This is a sale that goes through Congress, and when everything is put together and the arms get shipped on a boat, it gets to Israel in about two years, right? That's what we're talking about, something that will get to Israel in a couple of years.What Biden withheld last week were shipments of ammunition that were ready to go. I mean, Israel needed them right away. They're bombs needed to destroy terror tunnels, and there are these JDAM kits, precision-guided kits, that take dumb bombs, make them smarter, and help Israel to fight the war more precisely, more surgically, actually avoid the loss of civilian life.So there's no comparison. I mean, this may be a throwaway. I mean, it was leaked out by the State Department yesterday. If anybody went on the record, and no one was willing to go on the record, and was asked the question, how will this affect the war, and they answered honestly, they would say it won't, because it won't get there in time.CAVUTO: And who's to say that this isn't the start of something more involved, and more weapons that will be taken back as a way of forcing Israel's hand to just end the war, period?FRIEDMAN: Oh, absolutely.I mean, I think this is just the first step. Actually, this is the second step. The first step was the continuous visiting by Blinken, by Sullivan, by Austin, sitting in the war cabinet week after week after week micromanaging Israel's war.I mean, it started off wrong from the beginning. None of these guys, with all due respect to them -- and maybe Austin has some military experience -- I assume he does -- but I guarantee you none of them have ever fought in Gaza, which is the most difficult -- the Hamas has the greatest home court advantage in the world in terms of ground warfare with all their tunnels.So for them to come in and tell Israel what to do, go a little bit here, don't go there, it's insane. And it's caused this war to go on and on and on. And all that's done is it's increased the misery of the people who live there. The sooner that Hamas is destroyed, the sooner people can get back to life.And this whole idea that you're hearing now that they don't believe that Israel can really defeat Hamas is the worst insult I have heard yet. I mean, we destroyed the Nazis. It doesn't mean there weren't Nazis floating around in Argentina and elsewhere after World War II.CAVUTO: Right.FRIEDMAN: But we defeated them. We defeated ISIS. Again, there are still terrorists running around. We will defeat Hamas, there will still be terrorists. But we can defeat Hamas.And this idea that they can't, and then, on top of that, to overlay that the obligation to try to negotiate a release of the hostages, why would Hamas play ball under these circumstances? They're getting everything they want for free from the Biden administration.CAVUTO: But -- and that's what I have been thinking through then, if that is indeed the case. Maybe Israel wants to eradicate Hamas or that's its goal. And maybe the clear message we're sending is, we don't. We don't think it should be annihilated.FRIEDMAN: Well, if that's our message, then shame on us and woe to us, because, undoubtedly, with the open border over the last couple of years, we have got people in this country who want to harm us as well.And if we're not able to show strength and unity and resolve to defeat radical Islamic terrorism, it's not just Israel that will pay the price. It will be America as well.CAVUTO: But isn't that the message, Ambassador, we're sending?FRIEDMAN: It is. It is, unfortunately. And it's very disturbing. And it's one that I believe will change no later than November 5. I would love it to change a lot sooner.CAVUTO: Got it. Ambassador, always an honor to have you.David Friedman, the former U.S. ambassador to Israel.More than just some seminal shifts in U.S. policy here. These are substantial movements. And we will continue following it.Also continuing to follow what was an assassination attempt on Slovakia's prime minister, Robert Fico. And this occurred earlier today -- Fico, I should say. He sustained life-threatening injuries, the latest we could call, from this shooting.Greg Palkot has more -- Greg.GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT: Neil, yes, it's being called an assassination attempt.And it happened right in the heart of Europe, Slovakia's populist Prime Minister Robert Fico shot in the stomach and seriously wounded after a government meeting in a town about 85 miles from the capital, Bratislava.He was taken by ambulance and helicopter to a nearby hospital, where he underwent surgery and had been, at least, fighting for his life. A 71-year- old man was identified as a suspected shooter and seized by security. He had fired five shots with a gun reportedly legally owned.The country's interior minister said the shooting was politically motivated and decided upon after Fico's reelection last year. The shooting of Fico, who had been in and out of the P.M. job for the past several decades, prompted wide reaction, President Biden calling the shooting horrific, praying for a swift recovery.Russian President Putin described the attack as monstrous. NATO Secretary- General Stoltenberg said he was shocked and appalled. Fico was a polarizing figure. His moves to change Slovakia's laws on media, justice, corruption brought widespread protest. He is pro-Russian, anti-American, critical of both NATO and the European Union.Fico stopped military aid to Ukraine and called on Kyiv to give up territory to Moscow. But now, Neil, the latest word we're getting, just a short while ago, the deputy prime minister of Slovakia, speaking to the BBC, said that Fico was no longer fighting for his life, that is, that he will survive.Still, though, politics in Europe just got a bit more dangerous -- back to you.CAVUTO: To put it mildly, my friend. Thank you. Great coverage, as always, Greg Palkot on that in London.In the meantime, I want to draw your attention to Vladimir Putin arriving in China. He's going to be meeting with Xi Jinping. The two leaders are supposed to discuss a variety of undertakings around the world. They have both sort of readjusted themselves, of course. Vladimir Putin's oil riches have returned. His fortunes have changed. He is the undoubted ruler of Russia for a fifth term.China's leader could be a different case right now. He has the upper hand and is a global powerhouse, in and of itself. What comes of this meeting, anyone's guess.In the meantime, keeping an eye on how history could be repeating itself. We have seen all the protests and everyone comparing 1968 to what's going on today. Harris Faulkner should know. She's coming up next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRIS FAULKNER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: OMG. Oh, my goodness.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Think about being an American soldier who's -- it's his turn to go down in there.FAULKNER: And go hunting the Vietcong in that hole.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, a special breed of soldier.FAULKNER: A special breed indeed.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: You know, everyone is talking about these college protests and everything going on around the country and the world and saying, boy, this is 1968 all over again.My buddy Harris Faulkner begs to differ with that analogy. It's not quite that black and white. Of course, you know her from "The Faulkner Focus" You know her as co-anchor on "Outnumbered." I don't know where she finds the time, but she's also traveled halfway around the world for her FOX Nation special "Vietnam: Footsteps of My Father With Harris Faulkner."Wow. You have got a lot going on here. But then is not now, you're saying, right?FAULKNER: First of all, it is amazing to see you.CAVUTO: Same here.FAULKNER: You and I work in the same building, but we never see each other.CAVUTO: We bump into each other, yes.FAULKNER: Thank you for having me.And this is the official time that I tell everybody why I went on a 22-hour trip from JFK. Most people saw the Instagram. They didn't know why. So this is personal. And it was happening in 1968, my dad's first tour. And this protesting that you're talking about at the DNC Convention, 1968.CAVUTO: Right.FAULKNER: So my dad was over there fighting for this country while people were over here fighting about it, about a war that had become unpopular.But he loved this country and he was assigned to go fight for democracy in a place that was being taken over by communism. Is this time like 1968 before the DNC Convention? We're leading up to a DNC Convention with a whole lot of protesting.No.CAVUTO: Hmm.FAULKNER: Because, back then, not only were they fighting against the Vietnam War, but also there were civil rights going on in the country.CAVUTO: Right.FAULKNER: Whites and blacks, our citizens were divided, but they were united on one thing. They loved this country. My father fought for this country at a time when our nation was struggling because he loved America, a true patriot.CAVUTO: But he encountered racism.FAULKNER: He did. He did.CAVUTO: But he wasn't bitter.FAULKNER: But he called it the struggle of imperfection that a republic like only we could have.We would move on. Our potential was the greatest of any nation on the planet because we have the U.S. Constitution. He believed. And the people who were divided in the 1960s, it wasn't because they didn't love the country. Some of the college campus protests, though, look a lot like they did back then, burning American flags.CAVUTO: Yes.FAULKNER: And those are the similarities. Like, what is it about that generation then and that generation now?But the "Death to America," "Death to Israel," that is unique to this moment. And I think everything deserves to be in its place. You will hear people say, oh, this is like when this -- it's like slavery. It's like the Holocaust. You will hear that.And that's always so offensive to me because everything deserves its moment in time. And if we're as great as my dad believed, and I think we are a, Neil, as a nation, we learn and we move forward. I can't tell you why it's happening on college campuses the way that it is.CAVUTO: Right.FAULKNER: But having talked with college students on both sides of the issue, like, the existential threat is against Jews, Jewish students and Jews in our country.And it comes from people who may not entirely embrace helping the Palestinians. Some of them align themselves more with Hamas, which are terrorists. And when you talk to those young people, you realize they want a different America. And some of them do hate this country.CAVUTO: One thing you do, I mean, in this FOX Nation special, and I will let you describe it, you wanted to go back and see what it was like...FAULKNER: Yes.CAVUTO: ... see what your dad went through. Maybe you can explain.FAULKNER: You know what I wanted to do? I wanted to answer this question. And I think you will appreciate this. What do you say to a Vietnam War veteran?Like, people never knew what to say to my father. And many of our veterans would come home and they would never be proud of their uniform again because the nation had been divided over that war, and such horrible things happened during the war, because war is hell, and at home.So I wanted to trace his footsteps, because my dad was considered a hero in his very, very tiny hometown in Texas. And he brought unity in communities. And it was amazing people would listen to him. I used to call him the black Walter Cronkite. He had this amazing voice.CAVUTO: Yes.(LAUGHTER)FAULKNER: And he would talk about things and people would come together.And what he taught me was, if you are not willing to serve, then you must find a way to make life better. And I wondered what his days and nights would have been like in a place that saw so much loss of blood and treasure from America, so many deaths, and so many deaths of the Vietnamese who didn't want to be communists.The South Vietnamese wanted democracy. That's why we helped them.CAVUTO: Yes.FAULKNER: And what was it like to go to a place where we couldn't win? And what did that look like and how did that feel?CAVUTO: Well, you retraced those steps.FAULKNER: I went back through the battlefield. I was on the Saigon River. And we're seeing some shots now.What we're looking at now, remember that iconic photo where the people were trying to the last few in Vietnam who possibly get out?CAVUTO: Right.FAULKNER: There were reprisals going on as the war ended and the communists folded in? They were killing people. They were doing all -- and especially the journalists who were left behind.Helicopter lands on that building.CAVUTO: Remember that.FAULKNER: And that is the building.But I want everybody to see just a little bit of the special, if we can.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAULKNER: It's where American soldiers fought for Vietnam to have democracy more than 50 years ago and where my father served as an Army combat pilot.Now, I have my own mission, trekking to Vietnam -- my dad would have loved this -- to see for myself -- OMG -- the places where dad earned his hard- won wisdom.His name is there.Join me for this adventure of a lifetime.(END VIDEO CLIP)FAULKNER: We found the base where the enemy had built tunnels, the Vietcong, underneath the base. And they were trying to figure out, how do these guys keep popping out of the ground?(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Yes.FAULKNER: And so I went into one of these tunnels.And I'm not a particularly tiny woman so my hips were wider than the whole to climb into. The Vietnamese fighters were so tiny, and they didn't have a lot of food. And so we would have to send our soldiers into the ground to go after them.And, I mean, it was an impossible mission. And they ended up -- I mean, you see me here. I'm very claustrophobic.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Oh, man.FAULKNER: And, plus, I'm a foot taller than most of the people that this was built for.I mean, it was nerve-racking. And you will hear me say, "Dad, I'm doing this for you."I wanted to understand, because he was in charge of the skies and those fliers. At one point, he had 1,000 planes on his watch.CAVUTO: Wow.FAULKNER: And I found out that he made major during his second tour. I never knew that. Like, I knew that he was a lieutenant colonel. I knew, once he was back home and I grew older, that dad was respected and had served at the Pentagon.CAVUTO: He never bragged about it, never...FAULKNER: No, he didn't.CAVUTO: Right.FAULKNER: He bragged about this country.CAVUTO: Yes.FAULKNER: And it broke his heart to know that there were people who hated America.I think he would be heartbroken today. He died Christmas morning, 2020, in his sleep.CAVUTO: Oh, I'm sorry, yes.FAULKNER: Thank you.And I think he would be heartbroken to see the hate, because that, to me, is the difference between now and 1968 leading up to the Democratic Convention. And I am concerned about that. A lot of that hate right now is focused at the current President Biden and "Genocide Joe," as they're calling him.I hope people can remain peaceful. But the historian who was along for some of my journey with me, Brian DeToy...CAVUTO: Sure.FAULKNER: ... is also a military veteran. His dad and my dad would have served about the same time in Vietnam. He found my dad's -- you saw that sign that hung on outside one of the units he served and led, and that he was the commander.I never knew that.CAVUTO: Amazing.FAULKNER: So this is so much fun. Thank you for letting me do this with you.CAVUTO: Oh, I'm so looking -- I'm really looking forward to this. It explains. You come from good stock, young lady.FAULKNER: God bless you. Thank you.CAVUTO: That's amazing. He would be very, very proud.But, Harris, if you could work a tad harder, we'd all appreciate it here.(LAUGHTER)FAULKNER: OK.CAVUTO: I couldn't...FAULKNER: I will work really hard right now.CAVUTO: I can't carry this alone with the municipal bond market, young lady.(LAUGHTER)FAULKNER: OK.CAVUTO: So, Harris...FAULKNER: FOX Nation, it drops in the morning.CAVUTO: OK.FAULKNER: And you're always the first.CAVUTO: Well, I...FAULKNER: And I'm appreciative.CAVUTO: I'm really looking forward to it, Harris.FAULKNER: Thank you.CAVUTO: And I don't know how you find the time, but you do.You have got to watch this. It's powerful. And, for Harris, it's personal.FAULKNER: Yes, a divine assignment. The lord gives me the energy.CAVUTO: There you go.We'll have more after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, Michael Cohen back on the stand tomorrow. It's the last court day this week. There won't be any court on Friday.Nate Foy following all of this, New York Supreme Court.Nate, what are we in for?NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.So, court isn't happening today, but there are more questions about Michael Cohen's testimony. So, on the stand yesterday, Cohen admitted to lying before Congress in 2017 and again to special counsel prosecutors the next year.Today, on Capitol Hill, a lawyer that he consulted with before reaching a plea deal with federal prosecutors says much of what Cohen said yesterday was a lie. Here's Bob Costello on Capitol Hill today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT COSTELLO, ATTORNEY: I said: "Michael, the way this works is if you have truthful information about Donald Trump, that's clearly what they're looking for. I can have all your legal problems solved by the end of the week."His response: "I swear to God, Bob, I don't have anything on Donald Trump."(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: So Cohen testified yesterday that he didn't tell Costello the truth about Trump because he didn't trust Costello and he worried whatever he told him would get back to Trump.Cohen now claims Trump directly participated in a scheme to pay adult film actress Stormy Daniels $130,000 to influence the 2016 election.But Costello says Cohen wanted to be Trump's attorney general or White House chief of staff and he may have acted alone to gain favor, adding -- quote -- "Procuring this NDA would be a way to ingratiate himself with Donald Trump and save embarrassment for Melania because he knew that Donald Trump was very concerned about not doing anything to embarrass Melania."Now, Cohen is the prosecution's final witness. After he's done testifying, Trump's lawyers are considering calling an expert witness to the stand. They will discuss the ground rules for possible questioning of that expert witness at 4:00 tomorrow. But, before that, Neil, the trial will resume at 9:30, with the cross-examination of Michael Cohen continuing.And you can bet that they will be asking questions about what Costello said today. We will send it back to you.CAVUTO: All right, Nate, thank you very much.So, in the end, it's not whether jurors like Michael Cohen. He seems to be an unlikable fellow, for one reason or another. But do they believe him?After this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, it could get heated when the defense continues cross- examining Michael Cohen tomorrow. They're after his credibility and continuing to ding it.Mercedes Colwin, criminal defense attorney, on how she thinks they're succeeding thus far.What do you think, Mercedes?MERCEDES COLWIN, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: So you're exactly right, Neil. Always wonderful to be on your show.We're talking about Michael Cohen's credibility. That is the absolute crux to the entire case, because, right now, we have a he said/he said type of scenario. Michael Cohen's come out and said that former President Trump knew that this was campaign -- this is about his campaign, it had nothing to do with his family, nothing to do with Melania, this was all about the campaign.He made certain assertions during his direct examination that there were certain statements that former President Trump had made to him, including the fact that the Stormy Daniels issue would be disastrous to his campaign because women would hate the issue.But at the end of the day, that jury has to sit there and look at him and say, this is someone who is already a convicted perjurer. He has -- he's already acknowledged during direct examination with the prosecutor that he has lied, he's bullied individuals.But they have to sit there and determine whether this individual, who is, by all accounts, a convicted perjurer, telling the truth about former President Trump.CAVUTO: All right, now, I guess the truth depends on whether it's a misdemeanor truth or a felony truth.I'm not sure that the distinction, and maybe you can help me, Mercedes, because a misdemeanor is about falsifying business records.COLWIN: Sure.CAVUTO: Some think that the prosecution has already proven that.Now, the next step to a felony level is proving that Donald Trump intended to violate election laws, and by unlawful means. And that is a big leap thus far. How do you grade this in that regard?COLWIN: That's a great point. And, frankly, Neil, you're talking the defense is going to jump all over it. It can't be a mixed motive.It can't be that he may have intended it to help in the campaign and he was afraid that this was going to be an issue for his family. It has to be that his intentions were clear and his intentions were about the campaign.And we -- when you listen to the testimonies coming through Hope Hicks, Hope Hicks said that he was concerned about his family and he was concerned about Melania. And then you look at what Michael Cohen said, of course, he diametrically opposes Hope Hicks and says this is all about the campaign.CAVUTO: Right.COLWIN: And so what -- we have one of these types of scenarios where you have two witnesses saying two different things.But it has to be shown by the prosecutor that it was former President Trump's intention to ensure that these payments to Stormy Daniels that were listed as legal expenses were done for his campaign. And, so far -- we will have to see how it goes. The cross-examination tomorrow, to your point, is crucial for the prosecution.They will have the opportunity to rehabilitate him, to the extent that they need to, during redirect.CAVUTO: So they're going to be done when they're done with him, the prosecution. What does the defense do?COLWIN: Well, the defense, if I were the defense, I would say I'm going to really argue that it is the prosecution fail to make their case. They have the burden of proof. We don't have to put anything on this. We don't put anyone on the stand.And, frankly, it would probably be to their benefit to keep it short and sweet, especially if you're going to be pointing to the burden of proof that the prosecution has in this case. And if they put anyone in there -- and I know there's been some talk about a legal expert coming in -- it might just speak to explain to the jurors.And, by the way, there's two lawyers on that jury. So they understand retainers, payments, agreements, contracts, legal expenses, payments to lawyers. They will understand all of that because any lawyer that has contractual relationships with clients where they get paid through a retainer would have a contract that flows -- where the money flows from.So if you need an expert to explain it to the laypeople on that jury about what these legal expenses may mean, that may be something they want to do, especially if they want to close that in closing arguments and say to the jury, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, we're talking about the legal expenses.Former President Trump, this was identified as legal expenses. It was payment made to a lawyer. Therefore, it would be a legal expense. That would be an argument. Perhaps they think they need an expert to just solidify that particular part of the defense.CAVUTO: Real quickly, I want to bring Katie Cherkasky into this.Katie, as this stands right now, how would you score the prosecution's success, or lack of it?KATIE CHERKASKY, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: I think it's all over but the shouting for the prosecution. I do not think that they have established evidence on all of the elements of these offenses, even the misdemeanor offense. And I think that Mercedes was just talking about the idea of whether this was legal expenses.Again, the prosecution has presented no evidence that this was not legal expenses, let alone any evidence of the supposed escalating felony offense. So, certainly, I think it was a really poor showing. And I would anticipate an acquittal in any other state, but at least a hung jury here.CAVUTO: All right, so that means Donald Trump is victorious?COLWIN: Well, he could be tried again, but it's up to the prosecutor if they want to do it again.CAVUTO: Right.All right, so, Katie, real quickly on that, it's going to get nasty tomorrow, isn't it?CHERKASKY: Well, I think that it's a little almost over at this point. I mean, there's nothing that Michael Cohen can do to establish those elements.CAVUTO: OK.CHERKASKY: The prosecution would need to throw up an accounting expert to say that this was an improper documentation, in my opinion, and they're not going to do that.So, certainly, the defense probably won't even have a case, aside from maybe one expert, I think they're saying, and then they will rest.CAVUTO: All right, we shall see. Katie, final word. Mercedes, thank you both very much again.Again, 9:30 tomorrow, it continues."The Five" is now.THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.