KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: But on Tuesday, the 100-year- old, finally received the diploma and are nearly 60 years ago.HAROLD FORD J.R., FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Hear! Hear!PAVLICH: He said at the ceremony, being a part of this was the best. He also served in the Korean War. So, congratulations to him.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, around the table, who -- do you want to live to your 100th?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hell yes.PAVLICH: Yes.BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Absolutely.PIRRO: OK. All right. That's it for us. Have a great night.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Good evening, I'm Shannon Bream, in for Bret Baier. We are coming to you tonight from Fox News World Headquarters in New York.Israel and Hamas, the war, is it becoming President Biden's Vietnam? One prominent progressive senator says, yes. We heard from a security expert who says the U.S. is in a second Cold War and falling behind.Plus, congressional Democrats have high hopes for new marijuana rules.But first, "BREAKING TONIGHT", Texas Democratic Congressman Henry Cuellar and his wife are facing serious legal trouble. They are charged with conspiracy and bribery in connection with a federal probe into their ties with the former Soviet Republic of Azerbaijan.Senior national correspondent Rich Edson has details from Washington. Good evening, Rich.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Shannon. Prosecutors accused Democratic Congressman Henry Cuellar and his wife of receiving bribes from an Azerbaijan-owned energy company and the Mexican bank.The justice department says the Cuellar has accepted nearly $600,000 in exchange for the Congressman pushing initiatives on Capitol Hill and with the executive branch that would favor the bank and Azerbaijan.The DOJ claims "The bride payments were allegedly laundered, pursuant to sham consulting contracts, through a series of front companies and middlemen into shell companies owned by Imelda Cuellar, who performed little to no legitimate work under the contracts.In a statement, Congressman Cuellar says, "I want to be clear that both my wife and I are innocent. The actions I took were in Congress, consistent with the actions of many of my colleagues and in the interest of the American people."Cuellar says before he took any action, he secured legal advice from the House Ethics Committee. He says prosecutors refused to discuss the case with him.In 2022, federal agents searched Cuellar's home in Laredo. Months later, his lawyer said federal authorities informed him that Cuellar was not the target of the investigation.Cuellar is one of the most conservative Democrats in Congress. He is anti- abortion. He has pushed for stronger border security. House Democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries says Cuellar is entitled to his day in court, and will take leave as the top Democrat on the House Homeland Security appropriations committee.A DOJ official says Cuellar and his wife are free on $100,000 bond each. Cuellar says he is still running for reelection and says he will win. Shannon?BREAM: All right. Rich Edson, thank you very much.The prosecution continues its case in the criminal trial of former President Donald Trump. Today, one of its key witnesses was a woman once known as Mr. Trump's gatekeeper. Hope Hicks told the court how the 2016 campaign became embroiled in a political and personal firestorm over reports about the candidate's alleged infidelity. Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the Manhattan criminal court tonight. Hello, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Shannon. S yeah, the most impactful testimony today came from Hope Hicks, who served as press secretary of former President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign. And she provided insight into Trump's mind as women came forward, claiming affairs that Trump denies.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)FOY (voice over): From the 2016 campaign trail, to a Manhattan courtroom eight years later. Former President Donald Trump's one time adviser, Hope Hicks testified today at points getting emotional on the witness stand.Hicks, who for a time, worked at Fox Corporation, testified that Trump's showed concern for his wife, former First Lady Melania Trump. As women came forward alleging affairs that the former president denies.Trump requested that newspapers not be delivered to their home. With Hicks, adding, "I don't think he wanted anyone in his family to be hurt or embarrassed about anything on the campaign. He wanted them to be proud of him."Tonight, Trump reacted to an eventful day in court.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I was very interested in what took place today.So, I'm not allowed to comment on any of that. As you know, I'm under a gag order which is very unprecedented.FOY (voice over): Former top DOJ official, Matthew Colangelo question Hicks about meeting David Pecker, then, the CEO of American media.Hicks testified she remembers seeing Pecker at Trump Tower, but doesn't recall a meeting where Pecker agreed to help the Trump campaign. Hicks also testified that Michael Cohen often inserted himself into campaign activities, telling the court quote, "He used to like to call himself Mr. Fix it, but it was only because he first broke it."Today, Trump claimed the recording from Cohen's phone showing a conversation about financing the Stormy Daniels payment is misleading. Posting on Truth Social, "The tape played yesterday and discussed today, while good for my case, was cut off at the end, in the early stages of something very positive that I was in the midst of saying. Why was it cut off?"(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): Shannon, we're learning tonight that Trump met his deadline and paid a $9,000 fine for nine separate gag order violations. He said while entering court today that his lawyers plan to challenge the order, because they believe that it's unconstitutional.The trial will resume Monday morning at 9:30 with a new witness on the stand. Shannon?BREAM: All right. We wait that person. Thank you so much live from downtown of the criminal court. There are growing concerns among Democrats and other progressives about President Biden's responses to the Israel-Hamas war, and the massive nationwide protests on college campuses.Two prominent members of Congress suggest it could be the president's, their words, Vietnam.White House correspondent Peter Doocy has details. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: And Shannon, that is why President Biden is now being compared to Lyndon Johnson, a president who has been responsible for a lot of bills that Democrats like, but could see his place in history, diminished by an unwinnable war.And this criticism, these comparisons are coming from both former rival, Bernie Sanders and close Biden friend, Jim Clyburn.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I would not be standing here as president and making these awards, were not for Jim. I mean it sincerely. Thank you.BIDEN: This afternoon, a Medal of Freedom for Congressman James Clyburn, a man credited with saving Biden's 2020 campaign, who just hours ago, agreed with Bernie Sanders who says of the Biden Gaza policy --SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (D-VT): This may be Biden's Vietnam.REP. JAMES CLYBURN (D-SC): It's a good argument. You know, I never argued with History.DOOCY (voice over): White House officials bristle at the comparison.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Look, Joe Biden ended the longest war in American history.DOOCY (voice over): Still, President Biden is working hard to move on.JEAN-PIERRE: Getting that hostage deal is so critical to bring hostages home.DOOCY (voice over): Weeks, after anti-Israel protests began on campuses, the education secretary finally sent schools a letter. Miguel Cardona writes, "Antisemitism is discrimination and is prohibited by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. And we stand against antisemitism."Blocks from the White House today, a huge American flag has been unfurled above an encampment at George Washington University. As for the first time, the White House salutes fraternity brothers who saved a flag at UNC.JEAN-PIERRE: Look, protecting the American flag is admirable. I'll leave it there, Peter.DOOCY (voice over): And officials are defending President Biden's brief remarks on the protests, which described recent antisemitism is being on par with recent Islamophobia.DOOCY (on camera): Does he think Islamophobia is just as big of a problem on campus as anti-Semitism?JEAN-PIERRE: The president's always going to call out all forms of hate. Always.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): President Biden does not seem eager to address the protests any further. He didn't mention them in his remarks tonight.And as you can hear with Marine One landing, any minute, he'll be off to Delaware for the weekend, where we don't expect to see him. Shannon?BREAM: All right. Noisy night at the White House. Peter, thank you.There were more arrests today at New York area universities, where anti- Israel protests have been happening.Correspondent Alexis McAdams is at New York University tonight. Good evening, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Shannon. Well, that group of protesters you see here right behind me has now moved from NYU over to the new school liberal arts college that had a large protest.Here, you can see that crowd continues to grow. This comes as we've seen lots of arrests all across the country, and it continues. So far, more than 2,000 arrests, and doesn't take into custody just this morning.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You have the opportunity to leave, and leave now.MCADAMS: New York police officers cleared tent encampments at two college campuses this morning, arresting 57 protesters at New York University and at a nearby liberal arts college called, The New School. Its pro- Palestinian protesters chanted in the background.AMERICAN CROWD: Free, free Palestine!MCADAMS (voice over): The New School student newspaper reporting that faculty members voted in favor of a resolution urging the university to divest from companies that support Israel.AMERICAN CROWD: Go divest. We will not stop, we will not rest.MCADAMS (voice over): Similar demands had been made at other schools including Rutgers University.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We have to cleanup. We have to leave.MCADAMS (voice over): Protesters there dismantled their encampment after officials released a statement saying they were reviewing a list of requests, including ending partnerships with Israel and providing scholarships for at least 10 displaced Gazan students.AMERICAN CROWD: We are not leaving!MCADAMS (voice over): On the west coast, after police cleared UCLA's encampment, the university's chancellor blamed efforts to reach a peaceful agreement on counter protesters.At Portland State, video shows a man nearly driving into the crowd before jumping, out the screen what appears to be pepper spray, as he ran from the scene.Hundreds of demonstrators in support of Israel flooded MIT's campus, while that counter protest was peaceful, some faculty members are frustrated with how the university is handling the pro-Palestinian protests.BARTON ZWIEBACH, PROFESSOR, MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY: Overall, the way it's being handled is dismal. There is no way to deal with lawbreaking situation. It is just getting worse.(END VIDEOTAPE)MCADAMS (on camera): So, right now, the NYPD remains on high alert as protests continue across the city. No sign of slowing down. One of the main concerns, Shannon, police tell me is that there could be outside agitators mixed into these groups. And I can tell you from on the ground, we have seen that every night. Shannon?BREAM: Well, Alexis, we appreciate your reporting there on the ground around the clock. Stay safe. We'll see you soon. Thank you.Earlier this week, we reported that 44 protesters were arrested at the University of Denver. However, the arrest cited occurred at the Auraria Campus in Denver, it is an educational center comprised of the Community College of Denver, Metropolitan State University of Denver, and the University of Colorado Denver, not the University of Denver.Well, a weaker than expected April jobs report raised optimism over a possible Federal Reserve interest rate cut.The Dow surged 450. The S&P 500 was up 64. NASDAQ jumped 315.For the week, the Dow was 1-1/7 percentage points. The S&P 500 gained a half point. NASDAQ finished ahead 1-1/2.Up next. Why one security expert says the U.S. is already falling behind in a second Cold War.First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight.WFXT in Boston as prosecutors announced they will not challenge a federal appeals court ruling regarding possible juror bias in the death penalty case of Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Defense lawyers are fighting to get his death penalty sentence overturned.They argue bias over questionable social media posts made by two people who sat on the jury that convicted him for his role in the bombing that killed three people and injured hundreds near the marathon's finish line in 2013.Fox 61 in Hartford, Connecticut with the demolition of an overpass, spanning Interstate 95 in Norwalk. It comes after a fiery crash Thursday morning.An oil tanker caught on fire during the accident. About 8,500 gallons of gasoline burn the structure. No one was seriously hurt.And this is a live look at San Francisco from FOX2. One of the big stories there tonight, a huge number of sea lions crash at Pier 39. More than a thousand have been counted, and that is the most seen there in 15 years.Experts say an unusually high number of anchovies in the bay -- well, that's attracting extra sea lions this spring. That is tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from special report. We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Experimental F-16 fighter jet has taken Air Force Secretary Frank Kendall on a history making flight controlled by artificial intelligence, not a human pilots.Kendall said he came out of Thursday's flight in California, confident enough in A.I.'s capabilities that he would trust it to fire weapons. The military is planning to use the technology to operate an unmanned fleet of a thousand aircrafts.China has launched a probe to land on the far side of the moon and return with samples that could provide insights into differences between the less explored region and the better known near side. Three Chinese Lunar probe missions are planned over the next four years.China also has a three member crew on its own orbiting space station and aims to put astronauts on the moon by 2030.Here at home, Boeing Starliner spacecraft is scheduled to launch Monday, it will carry a human crew for the first time.If successful, NASA will have a third option for taking its astronauts to and from low earth orbit, a task currently handled by SpaceX and the Russian Space Agency.Tonight we hear from a security expert who says the U.S. is falling behind in what he considers a new type of conflict with China. Here's my colleague Bret Baier.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thanks, Shannon. Tonight we examine the concept that the U.S. is already in a Second Cold War, and it's falling behind in preparations for conflicts with several rival nations.Joining us is Dmitri Alperovitch. He is the founder of the Cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike and author of the new book World on the Brink. Dmitri, thanks for being here.DMITRI ALPEROVITCH, FOUNDER, CROWDSTRIKE: Thanks so much, Bret.BAIER: What's the premise of this book? And what's the message you're trying to get out?ALPEROVITCH: So, the main premise is that we are already in a Cold War II with China, a conflict that is remarkably similar to the first Cold War.If you look at every element of this competition, we are fight for global supremacy with China. We have a trade war. We have a technology war. We have a spy war, they're spying on us like there's no tomorrow. And we're preparing for war. And we have an arms race and a space race.Virtually, all the elements of the competition that we faced in the first Cold War are here with us again. And really the book as outlined, the grand strategy for how do we win it.BAIER: Yes, this is from the prologue, U.S. officials had one Taiwanese leadership for years that under no circumstances could they fire the first shot. They had to take the Chinese punch before retaliating.And yet, as the warning signs had gathered in the Pacific, the United States had found itself preoccupied. The Olympic festivities had merged into wall-to-wall coverage of another contentious and fraught fall presidential election.Having completed its military buildup with its forces poised to invade, China issued an ultimatum to Taipei, peacefully join the People's Republic of China or face immediate consequences. There was the risk of a nuclear exchange, the probability of which was hard to estimate, but couldn't be dismissed. I mean, is that how you see it going down?ALPEROVITCH: I think it's very likely, you know, the scenario I set is in 2028. And look, the book is nonfiction. But we wanted to provide a realistic, if fictional scenario of how this could unfold and the stakes involved for the United States.I mean, we have not of course ever fought a nuclear power. So, going to war with China would mean risks that we have never witnessed as a nation before, and even if it stays conventional, the casualties would experience we haven't seen since World War II potentially eclipsing it.So, we have to do whatever it takes to deter this conflict. And that's what I outline in the book, the strategy for doing so.BAIER: I mean, we've seen naval drills in the Philippines and the South China Sea. We've seen all kinds of close calls and different kinds of drills there. Are you saying that we are closer to that happening today?ALPEROVITCH: I think so. I think Xi Jinping is intent on taking Taiwan while he's in power. Look, he's very likely to get reelected in the Chinese Communist party for another term in 2027 that will last through 2032, he'll be 79 then.Unlike our systems, they don't tend to elect their leaders into their 80s. So, it might very well be the end of his term. So, if he wants to do this on his watch, he's probably looking at that window of 28 through 32. So, those next four to eight years are going to be very, very dangerous.BAIER: All right, so here's the administration, one member of the administration, the Secretary of Commerce talking about China.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GINA RAIMONDO, COMMERCE SECRETARY: We want to trade with China on the vast majority of goods and services, but on those technologies that affect our national security, no. And we know they want these chips and our sophisticated technology to advance their military.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What's your message to China today?(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The conclusion of this book, do you believe that this administration is doing enough or talking tough enough when it comes to China?ALPEROVITCH: I don't. And I think that the first problem that we face is that we're not admitting that when a Cold War.Look, admitting you have a problem was the first step, there are 11 other steps you have to take, but it's a crucial one. Because once you admit that you're in a Cold War, then you start talking about how do you actually win it and the steps that are necessary for it.Look, I'm not for decoupling from China completely. That's impossible. But I am for a strategy that I call unidirectional entanglement. We want to make them more dependent on us and us less dependent on them in a whole slew of trade areas, particularly in high technology.BAIER: Dmitri, thanks very much that the book is World on the Brink. It's an interesting read. Thanks a lot. Good luck.ALPEROVITCH: Thank you.BAIER: Shannon, we'll send it back to you.BREAM: All right, Bret. Up next, Democrats remain divided over anti-Israel protests but they're hoping to unite around a new marijuana policy.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. Britain's governing Conservative Party suffers heavy losses in local elections. The results bolster expectations that the Labour Party will return to power after 14 years in this year's general election.Canadian police say they've arrested three suspects in the slaying of a Sikh separatist leader last June. The incident has become the center of a diplomatic spat with India. Police say they're investigating possible ties between the detainees and the Indian government.And this is a live look at Broadbeach Australia, one of the big stories there tonight. The Eta Aquarids meteor shower, well, it peaks this weekend. The display contains remnants of Halley's Comet. The shower occurs every year in early May. The spring's peak activity happens early Sunday with an expected 10 to 30 meteors visible per hour in the northern hemisphere. Viewing should be even better in the southern hemisphere. The shower last through May 27th.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Heavy showers and thunderstorms continue to pour rain on to East Texas today. The National Weather Service reports more than nine inches of rain during the past 24 hours and that is adding more water to swollen rivers prompting mandatory evacuations. Forecasters say the worst may be yet to come in some locations.Democrats remain divided and perhaps vulnerable over the anti-Israel protests happening on college campuses across the country. Congressional correspondent Aishah Hasnie takes a look tonight from Capitol Hill.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Antisemitic mobs are taken over our universities.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: The Republican Senate campaign arm is tying vulnerable Democrats in swing states to the anti-Israel protesters.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Now Joe Biden and Sherrod Brown want you to pay off their student loans using your tax dollars to fund this mayhem?HASNIE: Republicans are looking to make antisemitism and pro-Gaza protests on college campuses an election issue. Some GOP hopefuls even taking the trail to tent cities.DAVE MCCORMACK: You just see really how horrific this is.HASNIE: The NRCC, the group working to reelect House Republicans, is now selling "F-Hamas" t-shirts, even hand delivering them to progressives like AOC, Jamaal Bowman, Ilhan Omar, and Palestinian American Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib.The protests and the war in Gaza have become deeply divisive issues for Democrats. President Biden yesterday condemned protests that have turned violent, while some progressives are condemning police for clearing out the encampments.REP. RASHIDA TLAIB, (D-MI): I'm deeply concerned about the escalating repression of First Amendment protected speech.HASNIE: If they are worried about November, vulnerable Democrats aren't showing it yet.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The politics of it will play out as they are. I can't tell you if it's good or bad.HASNIE: In fact, some progressives think the pro-Palestinian stance is a winning issue, pointing to the recent primary victory by Pennsylvania Congresswoman Summer Lee who has openly called for a ceasefire.REP. SUMMER LEE (D-PA) HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE: We won't be ashamed and we won't put our hands down when we saw that we want no more wars.(END VIDEO TAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And vulnerable Senate Democrats will get a chance to go on the record if the Senate takes up the House's antisemitism bill. But so far no deal yet and when to schedule that floor vote. Shannon?BREAM: Aishah Hasnie on the Hill, thank you.One issue Democrats are hoping will gain the support of young voters is new policy on marijuana. The Biden administration wants to ease federal restrictions for the first time in a half-century. Here's senior Congressional correspondent Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: College conflagrations splitting Democrats. But the party has high expectations that less restrictive cannabis rules could grow support among the youths.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: It will help our country close the book once and for all on the awful and harmful and failed war on drugs.PERGRAM: Republicans say this is bald politics as Democrats potentially hemorrhage votes.REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: I put this in the same category as proclaiming that you're going to forgive student loans. This is an appeal to younger voters.PERGRAM: But Schumer and other liberals are also pushing legislation to decriminalize cannabis at the federal level and expunge records of those with low-grade marijuana offenses.SEN. CORY BOOKER, (D-NJ): I've seen the tears in people's eyes. It's like economic shackles being -- anchors being released.PERGRAM: Republicans say it's all about November.SEN. TOMMY TUBERVILLE, (R-AL): This is an election year. You're going to hear all kind of wild ideas from the Democrats.PERGRAM: Pew Research found that 88 percent of Americans believe marijuana should be legal for medicinal or recreational purposes. But there's concern about public safety.SEN. BILL HAGERTY, (R-TN): Here we have Chuck Schumer basically lowering the barriers for gateway drugs like marijuana, and it's going to damage this society even further.(END VIDEO TAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Young voters could embrace the new policy, but some older voters hope cannabis could be a new therapy for pain and cancer. Shannon?BREAM: All right, Chad Pergram, thank you so much.We are a little more than 24 hours from the 150th running of the Kentucky Derby. FOX Business correspondent Kelly Saberi is at Churchill Downs in Louisville to tell us what's going on there right now.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)KELLY SABERI, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Fancy hats, mint juleps, and, of course, the fastest three-year-old horses in the world. It's the quickest two minutes in sports. The running of the 150th Kentucky Derby takes place Saturday in Louisville, Kentucky.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is our time to shine.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It is off the chain.SABERI: The favorite is Fierceness at five to two odds trained by hall of fame thoroughbred trainer Todd Fletcher. Just 20 to one odds is Stronghold. His trainer Phil D'Amato says he's feeling good for his very first Kentucky Derby.PHIL D'AMATO, STRONGHOLD TRAINER: I'm sure my heart will be throbbing especially for this race, because it's like no other. This is pretty much the dream of all trainers to win here.SABERI: More than 150,000 spectators will watch the mile-and-a-quarter race Saturday as these 20 horses run for the roses and a $5 million purse.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I do place bets.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I usually do the long shot to win.SABERI: The first leg of the Triple Crown also brings in big bucks for small businesses.CHENAULT VAN WINKLE JAMES, PAPPY AND COMPANY CO-OWNER: There is so much pride around this. And it is such a wonderful thing for small businesses to flourish during this time.SABERI: The busiest weekend of the year for Louisville, Kentucky, full of history and tradition that keeps fans coming back year after year.What keeps you coming back?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The people, the excitement, the beautiful horses.(END VIDEO TAPE)SABERI (on camera): One person who will not be in attendance this weekend is legendary trainer Bob Baffert. His suspension has been extended for a third consecutive year. Shannon?BREAM: Kelly, fully in wardrobe mode. Love it. Thank you.Up next, the panel on college protests and the latest on the presidential race.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. BYRON DONALDS, (R-FL): The president is soft. He doesn't want to offend these protesters because he doesn't want to lose votes in Michigan and Minnesota.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: This administration will continue to defend free speech while standing up for the rule of law.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(CHANTING)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We understand how painful this moment is. You heard me say it. It is an incredibly charged time. It is a charged environment. And it is very difficult because of that charged environment for law enforcement.REP. BRYAN STEIL, (R-WI): We saw the same thing play out in the summer of 2020 where radical leftists refused to enforce the rule of law and reestablish public safety. In this case, absolutely every student has a right to feel safe going to class.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Reaction to the ongoing protests on campuses across our country. Let's bring in our panel, Harold Ford Jr., former Tennessee Congressman and co-host of THE FIVE, Bill McGurn, columnist for "The Wall Street Journal," and Charles -- I like to call him Charlie -- Hurt, opinion editor for "The Washington Times."All right, gentlemen, let's start there. NBC News has this headline. Nearly half of New York City arrests involve people not affiliated with schools, officials say. Harold, we keep hearing that these are adults, some of them 50s, 60s, that are showing up on campus. There are a lot of outside agitators, it seems, feeding this.HAROLD FORD JR., FORMER TENNESSEE REPRESENTATIVE: Thanks for having me on and good to be with you. Happy Friday.There's no doubt. I think Mayor Adams said it really well earlier today and yesterday on our network and others that our kids, some of these kids are being radicalized by a group of radicals who do this for a living. What's really sad is that there's a legitimate case to be made for humanitarian aid getting to Gaza. There's a legitimate case to be made for those who want a two-state solution. But what's happening on these campuses, that message is not only lost, but the violence associated with it, the intimidation, the threats, and the just blatant, reprehensible antisemitism destroys that whole side of the protest.The most successful protests in America have always been peaceful. I was disappointed to see a congressman from New York say that he thought that things on these campuses, he was encouraging more of it to happen. Shame on people who say that. We should not be teaching these kids. And these professors out with these kids, not teaching them that protest is an important part of who we are, but peaceful protest has been the most successful protest our country has ever known.BREAM: Yes, Charlie, one of the images back where we are most of the time in Washington D.C. that made the rounds yesterday was the George Washington statue at George Washington University campus draped in stickers and labelled "genocide" and all of these other things. But today we saw staff there unfurl a giant American flag in the backdrop. So we talk about sometimes staff getting involved, but it seems like here they're trying to, in their estimation, right the ship by putting the American flag back where it belongs.CHARLES HURT, OPINION EDITOR, "THE WASHINGTON TIMES": Yes, it took them an awful long time to get the message and to get the idea that maybe we should sort of push back on it. And everything Harold said I agree with, and I think it goes to the point that the cowardice of these university administrators. And the idea that you'd have at one university here in the city 60 percent of the protesters were not students. And I'm like what is the university doing that you have 60 percent of these clowns showing up at your university, protesting stuff, and you're so cowardly that you're afraid to take a moral stance and say, this is disgusting. Hamas still is holding Israeli hostages.BREAM: And Americans.HURT: Yes, and you can't take a stance on that and then kick these punks off of a campus, and they're not even a part of the campus? I do understand that there are probably some students who are genuinely concerned about the things that Harold points out, and it's important to talk about these things. But you've got outside, people from outside saying hateful things. it seems like a real easy problem to solve.BREAM: Over at Columbia Law, some of the law review editors apparently were speaking up that they want things to be delayed or cancelled. They're irrevocably shaken, in part, at least, because of law enforcement presence on the campus.Our buddy Jonathan Turley says this, "The question is how such law students are emotionally prepared for the pressures of practice when such protests shut them down and leave them, quote, "unable to focus." However, they have been educated in systems that have fostered the sense of victimization or trauma from opposing views. I do not blame these students. Teachers and administrators have reinforced this view."BILL MCGURN, COLUMNIST, "THE WALL STREET JOURNAL": Yes, he's absolutely right. Look, I'm less forgiving of the students.(LAUGHTER)MCGURN: Maybe I'm less forgiving by nature, because it may have started out, let's have aid to Gaza, a ceasefire. But when the Hamas flags and these chants about "from the river to the sea," they knew what it was. And the protests didn't shrink. They grew. The students stayed and the damage, breaking into the hall -- look at the graffiti at UCLA. It's absolutely appalling. They're just -- we hear so much about the right to protest. And one thing we really need on campus is community rights, the right for the community to go about its business. And there's so little, I think Charlie said, the moral cowardice of the universities, which is not surprising. It's a liberal-progressive fight, and the progressives are going to devour the liberals.BREAM: And we think of campuses as a place where you have a clash of ideas and people are testing the boundaries, and our First Amendment is built for that. But again, when people feel like they can't access services and they're not safe, they're not physically safe on campus, I think we all agree that crosses the line.Now, one of the other big stories we're covering this week, I've been sitting in the criminal trial of former President Trump. I want to play a little bit from Jim Trusty, by the way, who has worked as an attorney at one point for President Trump, not on this case, about Hope Hicks taking the stand today and the constant references to "Access Hollywood," that tape. Here's a little bit of Jim.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JIM TRUSTY, FORMER TRUMP ATTORNEY: They're asking her questions, like how did different political figures react to the incriminating tape from Mr. Trump? And it's like, how is that admissible? How does that matter?I think all roads are leading right back to Michael Cohen as the guy that has to deliver the goods for the prosecution.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: And Bill, I'll start with you. There's been a lot of criticism of Michael Cohen in that courtroom from the prosecution and defense. He's going to have to show up and be the lynchpin for this whole thing.MCGURN: It's not surprising. "The Journal," we've said it's a case that never should have been brought. And frankly, though, it's turning out to be the best advertisement for Donald Trump.(LAUGHTER)MCGURN: He's persuading people that it's unfair. That's what he does. He's not fighting in court. He goes out. He should every day bring a check for the judge, here's $10,000. This is the best media P.R. I could ever have. And he's turned it to his advantage that way.BREAM: And Charlie, the cameras are all there. They're waiting for him to come out and make his announcement.HURT: And it's so funny, for four years after the 2016 election, CNN, MSNBC, all these left wing media outlets, they were like fraught over how did we give this guy so much oxygen? We'll never do that again. And then fast forward to today, and it's wall-to-wall coverage of this trial, which, as Bill points out, is completely helping him.BREAM: And Harold, his team says, too, his fundraising is going through the roof every day that he's sitting in court.(LAUGHTER)FORD: Look, I think when he walks into court, and he's at his best when he is talking about Americans and the things he wants to do. I'm not for him, but when he talks about the things he wants to do, and when he leaves court, when he's with the police officers and firefighters, it's a great look.But I would argue, I don't think anybody wants to be indicted. I don't think anybody wants to be in a courtroom. And what doesn't appear to be happening is that they're laying a glove on him legally. This is embarrassing. And salacious things, but if they don't draw a connection to something to showing that he was directly involved, that jury is likely to do what any jury would do regardless of hat his name, they're likely going to acquit him unless they put forward some evidence.BREAM: They've got to get them all together beyond a reasonable doubt. So we know how we're processing it. I don't know how the jury is. So we'll see soon what they think. Gentlemen, don't go anywhere.Up next, the Friday Lightning Round, and later, "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. WARREN DAVIDSON, (R-OH): Speaker Mike Johnson has made all kinds of bad decisions that, frankly, the majority of the party has not supported. No wonder Democrats plan to cover for him. He's delivering a lot of their agenda. His comments leading up to all the funding fights, including the supplemental funding, was we're going to security the border first. And that was a broken promise.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: OK, you're hearing there from Congressman Warren Davidson, who by the way, says he ultimately doesn't want to see Johnson removed, or he's not going to vote for that, but a lot of Democrats might. And this is what "Axios" says -- vote to keep him -- "Even as Democrats coalesce around saving Johnson at a closed door meeting on Tuesday, Congressman Jim McGovern argued they shouldn't be, quote, "cheap dates," going forward. "I think if we're going to have a speaker, we should get something for it," said Progressive Caucus Chair Pramila Jayapal. One House Democrat told "Axios," "This is not our role forevermore to help this man."So Charlie, this is part of what his detractors have against him. They don't like that he's working with Democrats or that their votes would save him.HURT: And of course, that's how Johnson became speaker in the first place, is that McCarthy never would have been removed except with Democrat votes. And I think that that's the point that Marjorie Taylor Greene is trying to make here. And it's a pretty good point, that voters put Republicans in charge of the House. Yet somehow, Democrats are still running the House. It's a really bizarre situation. And I think the only way out of it is you have to pick the hills that you're willing to die on.HURT: And Harold, you've been over there. You know what it's like herding cats. When you've got a one or two-vote majority, there's not a whole lot you can do that going to really be swinging for the fences.FORD: The Congress in a lot of ways mirrors what's is happening in society. We're a 50-50 society. Congress is 50-50. I take a little different view on this than perhaps Charlie. I think it was a moment where you had the speaker behaving like the speaker of the House as opposed to the leader of his or her party. It was on one issue, the issue of fighting Iran and Russia and China. I'm glad the Democrats sided with a lot of Republicans to pass that. Is it going to happen on everything? Of course not. I think Mitch McConnell, when he and Chuck Schumer aligned on this bill in the Senate, he goes, look, it's not personal. We just happen to agree on this.And I don't think it's personal with Democrats and Mike Johnson. The Republicans are in charge. But the problem is you can't manage the place. So if you can't manage the place, you may sometimes need Democrats to help you do it. And if it means going against Marjorie Taylor Greene as somewhat of a -- I like Mike Johnson's way of doing things more than I like Marjorie Taylor Greene's, and I think there are a lot of Democrats who feel the same way, at least on that issue.HURT: Because Nancy Pelosi always operated as speaker of the House and not as a partisan.FORD: I didn't say. But one thing she did do, she managed her caucus.BREAM: And Bill, and she had more than a one-vote margin in doing that.HURT: She had a four-vote margin.BREAM: Yes, still tight.MCGURN: The smaller the margin, the smaller the group that can determine the outcome for the whole House. I think to me the obverse of the coin is what's interesting, the isolation of Marjorie Taylor Greene. Two months ago it would have been a different story. But now Donald Trump hasn't come out for -- there's a lot of reports that he's actually against her.BREAM: A little irritated.MCGURN: He would have let us know if he wanted Speaker Johnson to go down. Instead, he met with him. So I think she's increasingly isolated, even among the group that were out to get McCarthy.BREAM: OK, I want to make we get to your Winners and Losers. Bill, why don't you kick us off?MCGURN: My loser of the week is President Shafik of Columbia for obvious reasons. My winner of the week is Kim Jong-un who got a U.N. sanctions member dismissed thanks to a Russian veto.BREAM: Oh, boy. All right, Charlie?HURT: My winner, of course, are the frat boys down at UNC Chapel Hill who went down and protected the flag. Somebody started a GoFundMe page. I think they just wanted to raise enough money to throw a big party, and they accidentally raised over a half-million dollars, which they're going to give away to charity and probably have a really great party.Loser of the week is Joe Biden. It's his worst week since the Afghanistan withdrawal. Polls are in the toilet. He still has foot and mouth disease every time he opens his mouth. And these college protests are terrible for him.BREAM: Harold, you might see the week differently?FORD: I like your winner. I like your winner. My winners are Jalen and the Knicks beating the Sixers, going to play the Pacers here in the next round. And my losers are those who think or believe that violence and vandalism and hate and intimidation are protected by the First Amendment. They're not.BREAM: Yes, but heated and spirited conversation, which we encourage.It is Friday. Time now for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: None of this is a peaceful protest.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Have the protests forced you to reconsider any of the policies for the region?BIDEN: No.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We cannot, will not support a major military operation in Rafah.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: Branding Israelis leaders and soldiers as war criminals will poor jet fuel on the fires of antisemitism.CROWD: USA! USA! USA!UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's now a GoFundMe for them to throw them a, quote- unquote, "rager" that has now raised over $120,000.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: That's a lot of kegs.REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: I have to do my job. We have to do what we believe to be the right thing.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE, (R-GA): Now we have Hakeem Jefferies and the Democrats coming out, embracing Mike Johnson with a big wet sloppy kiss.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You know Jimmy Carter is out there thinking, I could maybe win this thing.ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR., (D) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I perform much, much better against President Trump than President Biden does.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: He's not a serious candidate. They say he hurts Biden. I don't know who he hurts. He might hurt me. I don't know.BIDEN: My vice president actually endorses me.GOV. KRISTI NOEM, (R) SOUTH DAKOTA: This was a working dog, and it was not a puppy.BAIER: Good thing you're not cricket.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Oh, boy. I have a feeling the panelists over here who are all making noises in response to that have things to say.OK, Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, this weekend's major donor event for Former President Trump's campaign could be a job audition for his running mate. All the big names will be there.Please join me for FOX NEWS SUNDAY. I've got an exclusive guest on that list, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, Connecticut Congressman Jim Himes, and Virginia Attorney general Jason Miyares on the legal issues about the campus chaos.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. eastern, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for watching SPECIAL REPORT. I'm Shannon Bream in New York. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" is up next. Have a great weekend.