(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(CHANTING)(END VIDEO CLIP)CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Anti-Israel protests loud and clear outside Columbia University in New York City today, as the deadline for students to end their encampment or face suspension comes and goes, while, at the University of Texas, Austin, police continuing to make arrests, as they try to put a stop to protests there.Coming up, Republican Congressman Mike Waltz, who just met with Jewish students at Columbia.What he says needs to be done to restore order.Welcome, everyone. I'm Charles Payne, in for Neil Cavuto, and this is "Your World."First to FOX's Alexis McAdams, who's at Columbia, with the very latest -- Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey.So you can check it out behind me and see that there are hundreds of students here right in the middle of Columbia University's campus saying, quite simply, Charles, they're not planning on going anywhere. They want the university to follow their demands, even though they're not listening to the university president, who continues to get growing calls to step down.She also, if we're going to pan over here, told these protesters just a little bit ago, again, saying, if you guys don't get these tents off this campus and you don't get out of the area, you will face suspension. But listen to what those students had to say. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTER: The university has conducted itself with obstinacy and arrogance, refusing to be flexible on some of our most basic points.That said, we were engaging in good-faith negotiations until the administration cut them off under threat of suspension.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: So, back out here live, we can tell you again this is kind of just what we're seeing here on the campus at Columbia University. We're supposed to hear from the university's president around 5:00 -- now we're hearing that's an hour earlier -- to try and listen to exactly what their plans are.But I think, when the students, right, hear, you have to get out by 2:00, and then nothing happened, and the NYPD was waiting to kind of move in case they got that call, why would they leave, right, is what they have told me because nothing happened when they didn't, even though they were supposed to be suspended.So I'm going to step out of the way so you can just get another quick look here. This kind of ebbs and flows, but their main message to the university is, they're not planning on leaving campus. They still have their tents up. And even though the president said she knows who's in this group and that they could not graduate, they don't really seem to care.There was also an arrest that happened, at least one arrest, according to the NYPD, right outside of the campus gates. Watch what happened.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTERS: Let them go! Let them go! Let them go! Let them go! Let them go! Let them go! Let them go! Let them go!(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: So that's just one of the issues that has been out here.The NYPD is used to this at this point because this has been going on for days. They have been out there waiting to get that call because it's private property, so they have to be called by the university before they move in, and then they would probably arrest people for trespassing, because a lot of these students weren't supposed to be here in the first place -- Charles.PAYNE: Alexis, fantastic work. Thank you very, very much.Meanwhile the White House pressed as anti-Israel protests continuing to mount.Peter Doocy is at the White House with more -- Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: And we're just out of the press briefing, where we heard Karine Jean-Pierre talking about how President Biden does not think antisemitism has any place on campuses, but they know that this is a painful time for a lot of these college-aged students who are protesting.And so they want these protests to continue as long as they happen within the limits of the law. And that could include later on this spring at commencements.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Americans should have the right to do so, to peacefully protest, whether it's at a commencement or at their school or anywhere in this country.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: And officials are not willing to say whether or not they support the use of police officers to clear out some of these encampments, like we have been seeing on our air for the last two hours or so.They are also telling us that President Biden's big focus is not on these campus protests, but rather on continued efforts to secure a hostage release deal.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEAN-PIERRE: Two things can be true, which is making sure that Israel's security is ironclad. We can give that commitment to that ironclad commitment, but also have those conversations with Israel about making sure that they conduct their operations in Gaza to make sure that we're protecting and protecting innocent Palestinians.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: And Karine Jean-Pierre would not tell us, or she could not tell us, how much of these scenes on campuses President Biden is actually seeing with his own two eyes on television -- Charles.PAYNE: Peter, before I let you go, we are seeing sort of two different scenes here, one in Columbia, where there's a major reluctance to go in and arrest these students, but the other, University of Texas, Austin, where the police have been extraordinarily active in trying to clear that scene.Is the White House siding with either approach here?DOOCY: No.And they're essentially saying that it is up to the individual colleges and universities to figure out how they want to address scenes like you're seeing right there, which is pretty extraordinary.PAYNE: All right, Peter Doocy.By the way, news coming in, Columbia University, a viral briefing, the new time will be 5:00 p.m. They moved that up just an hour.So here's the big question now. How should order be restored?By the way, thank you to Peter Doocy.My next guest says he just met with Jewish students at Columbia today. Joining me now, House Intel Committee member Florida Republican Congressman and former Green Beret Mike Waltz.Mike, it's fantastic to have you here.REP. MICHAEL WALTZ (R-FL): Yes, thanks, Charles.PAYNE: Had to be surreal up there. Tell us what you saw and what you heard.WALTZ: Well, we met with a number of Jewish students and with Ambassador Robert O'Brien, President Trump's national security adviser.And a couple of things came out, one, that I asked these students, what kind of engagement have you had with some of these protesters? These were all Jewish students of -- from overseas here, what have you. They have had none. None of the protesters we even speak with them.What was interesting is, they said they have talked to fellow students from Saudi Arabia, from Algeria, from over in the region that understand the complexity...PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: ... and they have had good conversation and engagement with them. But, in their words, these kind of woke Instagram lawyers won't even speak to them. And there -- just the level of ignorance was jaw-dropping.PAYNE: You're talking about Native Americans, American students going to Columbia.WALTZ: That have never traveled to the Middle East...PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: ... much less been to Gaza or the West Bank or Israel and that, frankly, have gotten their news off of Instagram and TikTok.PAYNE: There have been reports from time to time of "From the river to the sea" and other really serious threats.WALTZ: Right.PAYNE: How safe do those students, how safe did they tell you they feel right now?WALTZ: Oh, they don't feel safe. And it's just -- one of them was on the verge of tears. No student should feel that way, race, religion, social economic background, what have you.And it should be easy and crystal clear from the White House podium to condemn and to say, enough is enough. And if you're breaking the law and breaking university rules, you're done. You're out of there. That's what we're seeing at University of Florida. That's what we're seeing at University of Texas.And when you make empty threats like Columbia administration did today...PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: ... then you have this kind of chaos and you have students that feel horribly unsafe.PAYNE: To that point, the White House has seemed really torturously to try to appease both sides of this situation. And they have failed miserably.And I wondered if the students feel like that might have actually exacerbated this, because this germinated. We know, on one hand, it feels like there was -- a lot of this is orchestrated, some big-time money involved.WALTZ: Right.PAYNE: But also it's sort of -- it's the germination of no one coming in and saying unequivocally that this is the right -- the right thing is happening in certain ways because of what occurred on October 7.WALTZ: No, well, you're absolutely right.And this equivocation, this wishy-washiness is on full display for the entire world. On the one hand, Antony Blinken's over in the Middle East trying to drive Hamas to release the hostages and enter into a deal. Yet Hamas is watching these students and they're watching what's happening at the White House podium and clearly getting the message that time is on their side.If they just hold out, the domestic situation here will continue to deteriorate, domestic politics will get worse for Biden in an election year. And I think Hamas is just emboldened by watching what's going on here and the lack of moral clarity.PAYNE: And it always -- it comes back to feckless leadership.WALTZ: That's right.Well, it comes to a concessions first, appeasement first, if we just back off enough, the other side will. No. Countries like Iran, the ayatollahs, terrorist groups like Hamas see that as weakness and they are emboldened.And what has been so different now, if you're over there trying to drive a normalization between the Gulf Arab states, Saudi Arabia and Israel, what the Trump administration did, what President Trump did was made Iran the center of it.PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: And that common enemy drove the Gulf Arabs and Israel -- the Israelis together.Now, with the Palestinians in the middle of it, they couldn't be further apart and the world is on fire.PAYNE: What did the Jewish students tell you they'd like to see? I mean, listen, these are college students. They go to school to have debate. They go to school to learn.So they came to school for conversations, tough conversations.WALTZ: Yes.PAYNE: I think they were prepared for that.WALTZ: Right.PAYNE: Would they like to find a way to continue the dialogue without the threats, without the physical harassments?WALTZ: Yes, I mean, it was really simple and it was heartbreaking and heartening.Number one, where is any conversation of the hostages?PAYNE: Right.WALTZ: Five Americans right now as we speak in the tunnels in Gaza, much less the Israeli citizens, the women, the children, and that rape is not a form of resistance, that this kind of moral equivalence now in what happens as an accident with the IDF, collateral damage, versus targeting civilians in the way that Hamas did, and then, separately, just some kind of dialogue.They said we're studying in a place where our voices should be heard and all voices should be heard, but you have a side that's not interested in hearing their voices.PAYNE: Alexis McAdams said that so far up here in Columbia, where you were, the New York City Police Department reluctant to go in because it's - - quote, unquote -- "private property."But we have got images here in the University of Texas, obviously, in Florida as well, where the police have put law and order above those -- above the safety of the public. Shouldn't that supersede everything Uptown New York?(CROSSTALK)WALTZ: Yes, and there's actual -- I mean, there's a number of court cases, Supreme Court cases, saying, yes, you have your First Amendment right, but there are restrictions on private property and then there are certainly law and order and safety and harm restrictions.And when you have kids that are scared for their life because of their religion, because of their skin color, then that is -- that's, in my mind, a no-brainer.PAYNE: Yes, it goes against everything America stands for.WALTZ: That's right.PAYNE: Representative Waltz, thank you very much. Appreciate it.WALTZ: Thanks. All right.PAYNE: All right, folks, we're going to have much more with Florida Democrat Congressman Jared Moskowitz, as the deadline at Columbia comes and goes.Now he's been calling on the university leadership to step up and step down. We will see what those officials have to say. Remember, it's 5:00 p.m. Eastern.And ahead of President Trump's major donor retreat for a potential V.P. pick, a new report showing Republican North Dakota Congressman -- Governor, rather, Doug Burgum is making his way to the top of the list. So what does he make of it? Well, the governor's here. He will also weigh in on campus chaos -- next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: Arrests ongoing at the University of Texas in Austin, and you are looking live at Columbia University, where we're getting word that there will be a 5:00 p.m. Eastern time briefing, as students are still defying that 2:00 p.m. deadline.So what kind of action does my next guest want to see?North Dakota Republican Governor Doug Burgum joins me now.Governor, thanks for coming on the show.You're watching these protests sprout throughout the United States. Of course, we have got images now, live images on the screen. Just your thoughts on how this happened, and how it's mushrooming.GOV. DOUG BURGUM (R-ND): Charles, this is all at the feet of Joe Biden. We have got the October 7 Hamas targeting and killing women, children, families in Israel.We have got Iran launching, a couple of weeks ago, 320 missiles at Israel, the size of -- the country the size of New Jersey. And then we have got Joe Biden. And Joe Biden's weakness is what's brought this all along, I mean, starting with the disastrous withdrawal of Afghanistan and every one of his policies.I'm telling you, if President Trump was in office right now, and we were leading through strength abroad, we would not be seeing this on our campuses today. I mean, can you imagine? We got students today in America in 2024, Jewish students afraid to go to class, and that's -- they're unable to go to class?And that's all on Joe Biden.PAYNE: Within his party, President Biden seems to be trapped by -- particularly by progressives, who they're punching above their weight. They have so much influence. And it feels like he's always afraid to offend them, even when it comes to standing up for American values.BURGUM: Clearly, that's the case, Charles. And you heard it out of his own words just less than a week ago, where he's trying to have it both ways.He's trying to both pretend that he's in solidarity with Israel. At the same time, he's trying to placate both home and abroad folks that are standing with the terrorists. And you can't -- you can't be pro-American and pro-anti-America at the same time. It doesn't work.I think Americans see that. And it's, I'm sure, one of the reasons why Joe Biden's falling in the polls right now.PAYNE: You know, Governor, in 1968, there were similar images, college campuses run amok, and it ended up with -- the result of that was a runaway victory for Richard Nixon.Do you sense something like that is brewing in this country right now, a sort of, we want law and order, we want stability in this nation?BURGUM: Well, absolutely, Charles, because you have got a border situation that we have in our country today, which is -- 2016, President Trump was right, but it was about immigration then, but now it's about public safety and it's about national security.You can't have an open border and have a secure nation. And mothers and their families in suburban districts across the nation don't feel safe. They don't feel safe in their neighborhoods. They don't feel safe when they're out shopping. So, yes, law and order matters to people.And the fact that we have got these sanctuary cities that literally are not enforcing the law, we have -- we have seen what that's doing to that. And we have seen the blue states -- people leaving blue states to move to red states. And part of that, people are seeking to live in places where they feel safe and where law enforcement is respected.So, yes, President Trump is so strong on law and order. One thing that people maybe don't know, but wherever he goes and does a rally, what's going on in the back, he's not publicizing it, but you maybe know he's always doing photo shoots with local -- local -- whoever's in blue, the local law enforcement.He wants to see them. He wants to meet them. He wants to thank them. He does that everywhere he goes. And so if you -- if you back the blue, you got to be voting for President Trump.PAYNE: There's no doubt there's a love affair between law enforcement in this country and President Trump.Again, we have got these images right now, University of Texas, Austin, where they are -- the police are more active, more engaged in trying to hold these protests down, making several arrests.From a leadership point of view, where -- what should President Biden be saying right now? We heard today again a little bit of this, a little bit of that, nothing concrete, nothing that would jar these students into paying attention one way or the other.BURGUM: Well, President Biden has created this situation because all along, instead of using the bully pulpit and talking about Israel, which is our strongest ally in the entire Middle East, he's been drawing a line in the sand for Israel, as opposed to drawing a line in the sand for Hamas.I mean, if you want this war to end, which is what people say they do, then President Biden should put all the pressure he can on Hamas and just say, hey, release the hostages tomorrow and then there will be a cease-fire. I mean, he could do that, but, no, he's pressuring Israel instead of pressuring the terrorists.It makes no sense. It makes the world less safe. And it's not -- it's not - - it's what's encouraging all the protesters here in America.PAYNE: Yes. It's been something of a head-scratcher, for sure.I want to quickly switch gears, Governor. Politico is reporting former President Trump hosting a Florida donor retreat with potential vice presidential picks next week. You are among those picks who are budget mentioned. In fact, a new report from Axios says you're climbing that ladder. They think you can expand the voter base.What do you say to that?BURGUM: Well, I say that, President Trump, it's so critical to this country.As a governor, I have had an opportunity to serve under President Trump and I have had an opportunity to try to lead a state under President Biden. And I want to tell every American the difference between those. It's like a beautiful wind at your back or a gale-force wind at your face.And this nation can't take another four years of Joe Biden. So it isn't about being on any list. It's about doing what's important for our country. And I'm sure that others that are coming, we have raised the money. Fund- raising is going great, RNC under Lara Trump, Michael Whatley doing a fantastic job, a unified party going forward, and all of us that are out there helping to support President Trump while he's trapped in these sham trials.It's important that we're all united, we're all working for the same thing, which is we got to get America back on track.PAYNE: Right.BURGUM: So it's all of us working together.PAYNE: I will tell you, during the debates, I kept saying in my mind, Governor Burgum might be a good V.P. pick. I'm just saying. I'm just saying.Let's leave it there, Governor. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.BURGUM: Well, Charles, maybe that's because you started your career at the Minot Air Force Base and got your good start in North Dakota.(LAUGHTER)BURGUM: So, it was -- we loved having you as a North Dakota resident then and thank you for the kind words.PAYNE: Thank you. Thank you so much.All right, folks, a new poll showing most Americans aren't feeling great about the economy or their own finances. So what will the impact be as President Joe Biden and Donald Trump battle over taxes?And take it down or step down? A group of House Democrats telling Columbia's board what to do with that encampment right now. What happens if they don't? Well, we have got one of those Democrats next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: Tensions escalating in Austin, where student arrests are mounting, and New York, where Columbia students are defying officials.Those officials will be speaking soon. What will they have to say to restore order?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: Voters asked to rate the economy not loving in a new CNN poll, the poll also showing a majority of Americans are dissatisfied with their own financial situation.And this is before the tax battle between President Joe Biden and Donald Trump. So, taking politics out of it, what will the economic and individual impact be if those Trump tax cuts expire?Let's get the read from our money panel, Gary Kaltbaum and Frances Newton Stacy.Frances Newton, let's start with you. It's been a pretty good run with those low taxes.FRANCES NEWTON STACY, OPTIMAL CAPITAL: It's been a great run.And this thing is -- the thing is, is that the low taxes have enabled the consumer to remain strong and have enabled the consumers to take on more and more and more credit card debt. And taking on that credit card debt has kept things liquid. The consumer remaining strong has kept the economy going, despite the fact that the Fed is tightening.And I tell you those consumers are getting stretched and stretched and stretched. And what's going to break this thing? You raise their taxes, how much of that consumer enthusiasm do you lose?PAYNE: Gary?GARY KALTBAUM, FOX BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: And let's be clear. They keep saying expiring the tax cuts will only hit the wealthy.Well, when you let it expire, it hits everybody. There's no piecemealing this. It'll hit Aunt Mary and Uncle Bob to the richest person in the country. And I must tell you, with a government that's debt-laden, with credit card usage skyrocketing, love and hate between the economy is a very thin line, and it is really worrisome.And some of the other proposals they're coming out with, sheer insanity if you ask me.PAYNE: You know Frances Newton, it would to -- insult to injury in many ways that Americans are now grappling with inflation that spiked to a 40- year high, the pace of it picking up yet again, and then perhaps next year to have to face on top of that higher taxes, smaller paychecks.NEWTON STACY: Yes, along with potentially, if they ever pay their student debt or interest rates on credit cards that are plus-20 percent, you can only stretch them so far.And the thing was is that Joe Biden always promised that taxes wouldn't go up on people making under $400,000. And if these tax cuts expire, just as Gary says, that isn't the case. And we have a bifurcated economy. The lower 60 percent are living paycheck to paycheck. They can't afford to buy homes.They're having to rent. Those costs are going up. And if their taxes go up, I fear that the consumer is going to fall off. And if the consumer falls off, or whatever percentage of that consumer, you get defaults, you back yourself into a credit situation that's not worth the risk.PAYNE: You know, that bifurcation, Gary, it probably has never been worse, at least certainly in my adult lifetime, the data I'm seeing.The very rich have gotten extraordinarily wealthier because they own assets that do well in these high-interest rate periods. And a lot of economists bunch everyone together, they do this aggregate data, and they say, what are you guys talking about? The consumer is strong.Take a look at this. But policies are made on that, or politicians push through policies based on -- with the economists bunching everyone together. So you take 10 people barely making it and throw in one billionaire, and it looks like we're all doing OK.KALTBAUM: Yes, I just love government statistics that they throw at us and are not real world. Real world is what people are paying for at the supermarket, for insurance, for health care and so many other things.And we're talking about getting rid of the tax cuts. The proposals for long-term capital gains going from 20 to 44, insane, wealth taxes worldwide, unrealized capital gains they're proposing. As Reagan once said, if it moves, tax it.PAYNE: Yes.KALTBAUM: And I think Mr. -- President Biden pretty much gets it.PAYNE: We got 30 seconds.Frances Newton Stacy, taxing unrealized gains, that just -- that opens up the door to something that sounds just a pure disaster. Do you think it would ever come to that?NEWTON STACY: Well, I hope it never does come to that.PAYNE: Yes.NEWTON STACY: Because it's just fundamentally unfair. You could be taxed at a time when something's really high and it could sell off and you have still paid those taxes, and it just eats further and further.And what it's going to do is, these very wealthy people who keep investing, who keep the economy rolling through their investments and providing capital for these endeavors in the American economy, A.I., tech, all the things that we're enjoying, they're not going to want to invest.PAYNE: Yes. Yes.NEWTON STACY: It's going to just change the risk calculation entirely.PAYNE: We're talking about taxing everything, Gary, that moves and that doesn't move also.(LAUGHTER)(CROSSTALK)PAYNE: Frances Newton Stacy, Gary, thank you both very much.All right, folks, officials bracing for more activity after deadly tornadoes tear across America's heartland, cars flipped on their sides, homes and businesses reduced to rubble. We will have the latest.And now some House Democrats are joining calls for Columbia's leaders to step down or step -- step out or step down, as anti-Israel protests continue to sweep campuses across this nation. One of them is here. And we will be hearing from Columbia officials also at 5:00 p.m. on their next steps.So, stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: Deadly tornadoes tearing a path of destruction across the -- America's heartland. At least five people are dead and hundreds of homes and businesses destroyed after the worst tornado outbreak of 2024.FOX weather correspondent Katie Byrne is in Holdenville, Oklahoma, with the latest -- Katie.KATIE BYRNE, FOX MULTIMEDIA JOURNALIST: Hi, Charles.Well we have got another severe weather threat on the way. And emergency management officials are urging people who are dealing with damage from the weekend storms to take pictures of that damage. And then they're also giving out tarps so people can cover any belongings that may be sitting out without roofs like this home here behind me.Crews are still out surveying damage here, but they tell us at least 20 structures across this city look like this. And while we have been in town, we have met family members of the two young people who died here in Holdenville when the tornadoes hit, a 4-month-old baby and a man in his 30s who lived in this house.His family tells us he protected his niece and nephew who are recovering at the hospital right now.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't imagine what they're going through. Happy for what I got.(END VIDEO CLIP)BYRNE: Now we know at least 100 people were sent to the hospital for injuries because of this.There's a state of emergency declared by the Oklahoma governor, Kevin Stitt, in at least a dozen counties, as resources are pouring into some of these communities here, Charles.PAYNE: Katie Byrne in Holdenville, Oklahoma.Katie, thank you very much.More extreme weather threatening tornado-ravaged states this week.To FOX News meteorologist Adam Klotz with more on that.Adam, what should we be expecting?ADAM KLOTZ, FOX NEWS METEOROLOGIST: Charles, unfortunately, these folks just cannot get a break.These are some of the tornado tallies here over the last several days, 63 confirmed tornadoes across the Plains states. Likely, we're going to see that number continue to tick up as they continue to survey the damage. This is where a line of rain currently is. It has been so active over the last several days that the first concern just continues to be flooding.Some of these spots saw as much as six inches of rain. Rain is still coming down. Currently, the flood risk is there right along the Mississippi River from Memphis up into portions of Southern Illinois. That rain will continue to kind of shift a little bit as we see more rounds of severe weather pop up.Pay attention to the time stamp up in the corner, not so much today, but more Tuesday and then ultimately into Wednesday. You see this explosion of big storms across these same hard-hit areas. The problem is obviously not enough time to clean up in some of these spots.And the new storms could likely be in some of the exact same locations. We saw some of that big weather here at the end of last weekend of the weekend. Tuesday and Wednesday, this is our risk for severe weather. It's a 2 on a scale of five there, but you are running over some of the same spots, Kansas initially, getting up into Iowa and then ultimately on Wednesday, maybe the bigger day of this, you're looking at Oklahoma back into Kansas up towards Nebraska, Iowa as well.So, some of those same spots getting hit time and time again, unfortunately. And it's not just severe thunderstorms, which could be a risk, right? But there's so much debris on the ground, which adds to the risk here, because there is a tornado risk ultimately tomorrow that does linger into Wednesday. It's a little bit more low end. We're not expecting the same kind of major outbreak.But there is enough debris on the ground that all of that could get thrown around. That's obviously a very dangerous situation. Ultimately, I will leave you with this, because it's going to be a major concern as well, particularly there on Wednesday. I talked about how much rain we have seen here recently.Some of these areas saw as much as six inches of rain. Well, with all of those additional storms popping back up, flooding is going to be a major concern, Charles, on Wednesday and on Thursday, so, unfortunately, really no rest here for the weary as the middle of the country again has to gear up for some severe weather.PAYNE: All right, it's really tough. Adam, thank you very much.KLOTZ: Of course.PAYNE: Meanwhile, folks, a group of House Democrats demanding Columbia's board either take that encampment down or step down. We will speak with one of them as students defy that encampment deadline.But, first, not all Democrats are on the same page over these anti-Israel protests, right, Aishah Hasnie?AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: That's right, Charles.And we're going to see those divisions deepen even further as the House gets ready to take a big vote on an upcoming antisemitism bill. More on that straight ahead.And the president's education secretary on the Hill tomorrow. Going to get a big grilling.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: Back to Columbia, where anti-Israel protests persist and now officials are going to provide an update.FOX News' Alexis McAdams is there -- Alexis.MCADAMS: Hey, yes, about 15 minutes away from that update from the university, the president of this university, who continues to get more calls for her to step down and resign after a Jewish student and their family actually filed a lawsuit just in the past 24 hours against Columbia, saying they don't feel safe on campus.Take a look here. You can see, Charles, just over my shoulder some of the encampment which is still set up. Just the other day, though, when I was out here, there were more than 100 tents and that number has dropped. So we're not sure if that's because of this ultimatum from the school's president.But, still, the protests remain. This is what those protesters had to say short time ago. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PROTESTER: We will not be moved by these intimidation tactics.You can see outside you now that the students are mobilized. There's hundreds of them here today. They will not be moved. We demand divestment. We will not be moved, unless by force.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: Not moved unless by force.So, outside of the main gates, though, there are a lot of NYPD officers who remain on standby because this is a private campus, right, so they cannot come in unless they get the call from President Minouche Shafik. She has not picked up the phone yet, according to sources, to ask them to come in.But 5:00 is when that briefing is going to happen from the president here to tell these protesters again to get out or get suspended. But, hey, it is 4:45 and counting here and they still haven't left -- back to you.PAYNE: Alexis, thank you very much.So now to Capitol Hill, where there's a major debate over these protests.FOX News' Aishah Hasnie is in Washington with more than on that -- Aishah.HASNIE: Hey, Charles.Look, Democrats, at least in the House, and Senate, I would say, usually are very, very united when it comes to most issues, but on this one, Israel, they have been pretty divided and very vocal about it as of late. The House is actually expected to take a big vote on an antisemitism bill coming up this week authored by Congressman Mike Lawler.There's already a little bit of drama around this. The bill allows the Department of Education to apply a broader definition for antisemitism on college campuses. It basically makes it easier to defund any schools not enforcing that.It is expected to get some bipartisan support from pro-Israel Democrats, but Axios is reporting that Democratic leadership sent a note out to members advising that Jerry Nadler, a Jewish congressman from New York, is actually against this bill.Now, this is happening as Democrats are sparring with each other over these protests exploding across college campuses right now. Congresswoman Ilhan Omar setting off fireworks when she said that some Jewish students out there were -- quote -- "pro-genocide."And without naming her, Congressman Ritchie Torres hit back at her on X, writing: "Rebranding pro-Israel Jews as pro-genocide Jews is antisemitic dehumanization at work."Then, Senator Bernie Sanders was sidestepping when he was asked if he's comfortable with Omar's words.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): I don't know exactly -- look, what I think the essential point that Ilhan made is that we do not want to see antisemitism in this country.And I think the word genocide is something that is being determined by the International Court of Justice.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Meanwhile, AOC and Jared Moskowitz have been going back and forth on X after he questioned Sanders' stance on antisemitism. She called his remarks shameful.And, Charles, emotions again expected to run pretty high this week with that upcoming vote, as well as the appearance of the education secretary, Cardona. He is expected to be in front of a Senate committee tomorrow, expected to get a lot of grilling from Republican senators -- Charles.PAYNE: Aishah, thank you very much.So a group of House Democrats calling on Columbia University's board of trustees to remove the anti-Israel encampment on campus or resign.Florida Democratic Congressman Jared Moskowitz is among them, and he joins me now.Congressman, let's just start with that bit between Bernie Sanders, AOC, yourself, a lot of severs throughout the Democratic Party on this. What's happening within your party?REP. JARED MOSKOWITZ (D-FL): Well, thanks Charles. Thanks for having me.I have compared this situation to what happened a couple of years ago in Charlottesville, because there, obviously, we had people with tiki torches shouting, "Jews shall not replace us." And there was wide condemnation from the Democratic Party.There was no splitting of hairs there. That was clear antisemitism. Here in this case, right, we don't have Aryan men with tiki torches. We have a diverse group of people, diverse ages, college students shouting "Kill all the Zionists" or "Go back to Poland."And we don't seem to have the same condemnation from my side. It's much easier to criticize the other side. But when you look inward and you see antisemitism within your own house, obviously, some Democrats want to pretend like that's not happening.And so that's why I think it's important, regardless of where we see antisemitism, on the left or on the right, we call it out, we don't give -- we don't play this tribal game that, just because it's on my side, that we're silent.PAYNE: Right.But it has to be particularly painful for folks that you stood shoulder to shoulder with to -- I mean, do you feel like you have been stabbed in the back, that the Jewish people in some ways have been stabbed in the back?MOSKOWITZ: Well, Charles, let's not pretend like some of this is surprising.I mean, we have seen, unfortunately, some of the anti-Israel sentiment building way before October 7. This is not new. These students that are chanting for divestment, we -- like, this is some new idea.PAYNE: Yes.MOSKOWITZ: They tried this over a decade ago with the BDS movement. So a decade before their criticism of Netanyahu, they tried to get universities to divest from Israel.PAYNE: Yes.MOSKOWITZ: So they're regurgitating their greatest hits, which is that they're against the state of Israel. They want the destruction of the state of Israel. They want to go back to 1948, which is why you hear them chanting that.And that's why I have signed this letter, which is, now's the time for these universities -- I believe in free speech. I believe in the right to protest. But if you're chanting for a free Palestine, and then that rally starts chanting to bomb Tel Aviv, you're at a bomb Tel Aviv rally.And those sort of things violate the codes of conduct at the school, and these schools should be removing these encampments.PAYNE: Right. Right. I think the hope was that, maybe after October 7, there would be a different sort of awakening.On April 22, you tweeted about being with your family. You should have been with your family and Passover. Instead, you were at Columbia University standing with Jewish students, and you said to the Columbia president, do not make the same choice as the president's of UPenn and Harvard. Protect your students.What would you like to hear in nine minutes from the president of Columbia now?MOSKOWITZ: Well, I mean, listen, what I was saying is, is that Harvard and UPenn couldn't answer the question whether calling for the genocide of Jews violated the code of conduct, couldn't answer that. And that's why they're both no longer in their positions.Well, we're seeing the call for the genocide of Jews on Columbia campus. It's a violation of the code of conduct. The president has now said, this is a violation of the code of conduct. If you're not gone by 2:00, you're going to be suspended. You won't graduate if you're a senior.I hope that they're going to enforce this. You can't set a red line like Columbia did a couple of days ago and then did not enforce it. Now's the time for enforcement. So I hope that's what we're going to hear.PAYNE: And if we do not hear that, what would your next steps be?MOSKOWITZ: Well, look, in this case, right, if there are people, whether on the board or the president, that are setting these terms, setting these red lines, explaining that these are violations of the code of conduct, and the students then say, too bad, so sad, we're not going to listen, right, if the administration just lets the students walk all over their code of conduct handbook, then, at that time, the president and the board needs to have these students removed, or the president and the board should resign.PAYNE: Representative Moskowitz, thank you very much. Appreciate it.MOSKOWITZ: Thank you.PAYNE: And folks, we are just moments away from an update from Columbia University, as those protesters continue to defy that 2:00 p.m. deadline.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAYNE: Looking live at Columbia University. We're moments away from an update from the school on those protesters who are refusing to clear out, as we -- a very different story at the University of Texas in Austin, where lots of progress ha been made.Joining me now, former NYPD officer Joe Cardinale.Joe, two separate approaches. Just your thoughts on Columbia. What we're hearing is that, because it's private property, that the police have to be asked or invited or summoned to make arrests.JOE CARDINALE, FORMER NYPD LIEUTENANT: No, I disagree with that.I think it's time to clear them out. Charles, these are nothing but -- it's hostage negotiations at this point because they're nothing but proxies for a terrorist organization that are in that encampment over there. And they're allowing this. We don't even know who are students and who aren't students.So maybe it's time for the head of Columbia to come out and say, bring the police in, but give them a list of who the students are and let the police sort that out. And when they find out who's not students, get them for criminal mischief and get them for criminal trespass and let the other ones not be suspended, be expelled.Enough is enough. How much are you going to put up with this? Governor Hochul put the National Guard at Penn Station as nothing but a veneer of safety for New Yorkers, but she picks and chooses what New Yorkers to protect. Why isn't she protecting the Jewish students over at Columbia?She should have the National Guard there. Enough is enough. If they have to be escorted to school, don't cancel classes. Classes should be going on. This is supposed to be a learning institution.PAYNE: Yes, early on, there were a lot of folks who said this is very similar to the situation in Little Rock years ago, and that maybe even the federal government, maybe the White House should be considering weighing in somehow with some sort of police protection of these students.CARDINALE: Absolutely.But the White House is going to sit back and cater to the likes of the Squad. AOC is going to challenge everybody, and you're going to have Omar over there, and she's going to be laughing about this saying that genocide -- no, these are terms of hate. These are terrorist terms. This is a terrorist organization that they're protecting, which is Hamas.We're supposed to be eradicating Hamas to protect all the people over in Palestine, but that's not it. These are what I said was proxies, and that's exactly what they are. They're doing the dirty work for the people that are overseas.PAYNE: Joe, we got -- we started this show with Representative Waltz of Florida. He spent time up there with the Jewish students. He said one was under verge of tears. They're trembling. They're afraid.Isn't that enough? Isn't that enough for the police to intervene?CARDINALE: You think it would be enough, but I guess, because it's Jewish students, they're not taking it that way.But if this was any other group for any other hate crime, guaranteed they'd be bringing in all the forces to make a nice show on television for the other channels to say, see, look what the police are doing now. Look at this particular governor or this particular member of Congress is doing.That's the way they see it. They split hairs on this, whereas Congressman Moskowitz turned around and said, you know what, maybe we should stop doing that and just get together on this. This is so divided, and it shouldn't be. It should be crystal clear of what direction we're taking this.This country is taking an opposite direction to everything we stand for.PAYNE: Absolutely. I agree 100 percent. That's why it's so riveting and why everyone's hoping that there will be some leadership at some point. Maybe we will hear it in about a minute.Joe, thank you so much. Always appreciate when you're on.And, again, folks, you're looking live at those images in Columbia. There's going to be a press conference there in about half-an-hour. We will see what happens. These students have ignored, these protesters have ignored everything so far.That's it for me. By the way, Neil will be back tomorrow, but you can catch me every weekday on FOX Business. The show is called "Making Money." I try my best.Now here's "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.