SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".At this hour, we continue to monitor the repulsive anti-Israel protests going on around the country. Last night, far-left rioters in New York City burned an American flag. They also vandalized a World War I memorial.Meanwhile, New York's Governor Kathy Hochul was caught on tape saying, well, something downright degrading about African Americans. We're going to play that tape coming up.And as Democrats try to demagogue abortion, well, guess what? We're going to introduce you to one of the most pro-life senators ever to grace the halls of Capitol Hill. That person's name, Joe Biden. We've got the record.Now, of course, Joe has since flushed his deeply held, quote, Catholic beliefs down the drain to appease the radical base that now makes up his party, just like he abandoned Israel to appease the radical Marxists that make up the radicals that run the party. Now, the full story is coming up straight ahead.We do begin tonight with a Man -- in a Manhattan courtroom where justice is not being served at all in the name of, quote, equity. Well, District Attorney Alvin Bragg announced what was a long list of serious crimes. He says he'll never prosecute, including trespassing, resisting arrest, prostitution, certain illicit drug deals of the violent crimes -- well, Bragg is willing to prosecute the few he rarely requests bail, the no bail law stands letting offenders back on the streets almost immediately.He sought no bail, for example, for that 16-year-old caught on video viciously beating an New York police officer. And take a look at your screen, there was also no bail required for the illegal immigrants who attack the NYPD right there beating, kicking in Time Square.Another offender who was previously convicted of rape and robbery was arrested 33 times in three months, but D.A. Alvin Bragg didn't see the need for any bail during any of those 33 arrests. In his first year, Bragg downgraded almost 60 percent of all felonies to misdemeanors.Now, a person who participated in the murder of a U.S. Army vet was actually released from prison after only 14 months behind bars, thanks, of course, to a sweetheart deal from Alvin Bragg. Fourteen months for an alleged murder in the state of New York but now, Donald Trump is facing 136 years behind bars for a document, a bookkeeping error, allegedly mislabeled, and some other charge that they really haven't identified yet. A misdemeanor charge from almost a decade ago, well past the statute of limitations, that Bragg somehow converted into multiple felonies on the federal level.Now this from a prosecutor who routinely downgrades violent crimes into misdemeanors, does that make any sense to you? And we're just supposed to act like, oh, this is business as usual? That there's nothing suspicious, nothing unethical that's going on in the state of New York?This is nothing but a kangaroo court, a political hit job in the middle of an election. It's featuring a Democratic prosecutor, another lead prosecutor who left his very prominent role at Joe Biden's DOJ. He was third in line just to prosecute this little old case against Joe Biden's opponent in the general election in New York and that would be Donald Trump.And let's not forget a judge who donated to Joe Biden. Can't make all this up. A jury pool comprised of people who voted 9-1 against Donald Trump in the 2020 election, allegations that there might be, ooh, familiar benefit in terms of the judge's family. He should have recused himself.And today, another disgraceful chapter in this kangaroo court. Here she was, porn star Stormy Daniels took the stand, Stormy, Stormy, Stormy, for no apparent reason other than to embarrass Donald Trump. She answered questions from another prosecutor who donated to Joe Biden in 2020, and her testimony was superfluous and irrelevant.It was immaterial. It was filled with salacious, graphic details, jokes that weren't particularly funny that were gratuitous and inappropriate. Even MSDNC, even they were perplexed. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRY LITMAN, FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY: We're talking about a very, very colorful witness who detailed kinds of events and just -- you know, efforts and ways of being that I think for the jury was fairly foreign. She spoke very quickly, nervously. She told a lot of jokes and not all of them landed.I haven't seen Merchan this in this trial be so sort of irritated and it came across I think as being irritated with her level of detail that's something if you're the D.A. you're worried about because you don't want them to think that he, the judge, is actually displeased in any way with the witness.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Her testimony was so bad and unnecessarily salacious and irrelevant that Trump's defense attorneys moved for a mistrial. Naturally, that motion was denied by the Biden donor judge.Now, Judge Merchan should be embarrassed, his courtroom is a joke, a political circus, it's filled to the brim with clowns. And keep in mind, this is the same Stormy Daniels, remember, she signed a 2018 letter denying any affair with Donald Trump.Over the past few weeks, I have been asked countless times to comment on reports of an alleged sexual relationship I had with Donald Trump many, many years ago. The fact of the matter is that each party to this alleged affair denied its existence in 2006, 2011, 2016, 2017 and now again in 2018. I am not denying this affair because I was paid, quote, hush money as has been reported in overseas own tabloids. I am denying this affair because it never happened. I will have no further comment on the matter.Now, of course, her story has now changed. She says she signed a non- disclosure agreement only because she felt threatened. The prosecution's other star witness, that's convicted liar Michael Cohen, also tells an ever revolving story. But none of that really matters because so-called hush money payments or NDAs are perfectly legal, and this case is about the way a document involving the alleged NDA was labeled eight years ago but you wouldn't know it listening to the prosecution.Also about whether or not it has anything to do with an uncharged federal election crime that Alvin Bragg pretty much, you know, plucked out of the sky.Thirty-four felony counts, 136 years in prison, this is insanity. This is what the weaponization of justice in America looks like. This is what shredding our sacred constitution looks like.Of course, the Democratic activist pretending to be a judge is chomping at the bit to lock up Donald Trump with or without a guilty verdict. His unconstitutional gag order, well, it bars Trump from defending himself, doesn't stop the other side from saying and doing anything they want, even as witnesses now are smearing Trump all over social media and on conspiracy channels like MSDNC.The judge has already fined Trump thousands of dollars for exercising what are First Amendment rights and is now threatening to send him to prison. Fellow Democrat, New York City Mayor Eric Adams now says, oh, Riker's Island is ready and willing to receive the former president of our country.This is a disgusting abuse of power from a judge and state prosecutors and everyone else in Biden's orbit who is using our legal system to destroy their political rivals. Mark my words, no Republican is safe in the state of New York. If you're not a good little Democrat, they might well throw you in jail.Anyway, we do have some good news to share. President Trump's classified documents case also known as the boxes hoax that has now been postponed indefinitely.Here with reaction, Trump legal spokesperson Alina Habba is with us.Alina, thank you. Glad you're here.Well, my understanding is Stormy did not do well upon cross-examination. Her personality changed dramatically, her demeanor changed dramatically. She was very clear that she was coached by the prosecution in this case. She admitted she hates Trump, wants him in jail, and then admitted she didn't know if she would pay the money that she owes Donald Trump in legal fees, and admitted to tweeting all these crude remarks about Donald Trump, but I'm just touching the surface here.Your reaction? You were in the courtroom.ALINA HABBA, FORMER PRESIDENT TRUMP'S LEGAL SPOKESWOMAN: I was in the courtroom today. I was in the courtroom yesterday. What's more compelling to me is that the prosecution whose case frankly in my opinion has been destroyed is completely discredited and now they are saying as of yesterday that they want another two weeks, and that to me says it all, Sean.And the American people need to remember one thing. This case is not about defamation. It is not about a woman. It is about a recordkeeping category that was frankly correct, made in Trump Tower by the Trump Organization, somebody in accounting who did nothing wrong who's never spoken to President Trump, while President Trump was doing what in the Oval Office running the country.And that is what D.A. Alvin Bragg is trying to now put a former president on trial for it's not about the felony counts. It's not about what we heard today that is a distraction. It is about one thing, Sean. You know it and I know it, and that is to keep Donald Trump out of the campaign trail because Biden can't beat him, period, the end.His poll numbers are amazing and he's not even campaigning. So this is what they have to do and then put an unconstitutional gag order so that on the days that he can't campaign, he can't speak. He can't defend himself.What I have seen is absolute demise of American judicial system. You said it perfectly in your monologue, Sean. I can't believe what I've seen for the last two days in that courtroom and now you've got a judge who will not grant a mistrial when they violated parameters that he gave.They did not care. They went ahead and put salacious information that was frankly false. We know that from words that were said prior to this trial, and now, we are sitting here scratching our heads wondering where taxpayer dollars are going.Also that president Biden can win in November. That was all this is. It was very clear to me today.HANNITY: As a matter of law, everything she talked about today was immaterial. I mean, it had really nothing to do with the law.Let me go back to the official statement she said she was pressured to sign in January of 2018 that I just read. Well, was she pressured to deny the affair in 2006? Which she similarly pressured to deny it in 2011? Was she pressured to deny it in 2016? Was she pressured to deny it in 2017?Because that's an awful lot of times she was out there denying it and admits she wanted to make money and sell a book.HABBA: That's correct. And I'm not going to speak to her testimony. She's currently under oath and we're going to continue cross-examining her on Thursday.What I will say is this, Sean, when you have inconsistencies with any witness, it speaks volumes. When you pick people that are not credible, it speaks volumes. And I think that the fact that we have White House logs that D.A.s and A.G.s are all coordinating and on the south lawn with President Biden also speaks volumes.And we're going to hit each and every one of these cases like we have. As you saw with the boxes hoax today, this is disgusting. Jack Smith changing covers sloppy with evidence that he's now trying to blame President Trump when it was his hands in the cookie jar.Let's be clear on what is happening: their plan is falling apart. It's going in their face and frankly all of these cases should be dismissed.HANNITY: All right. The special prosecutor has confessed to the court that they basically tampered with evidence involving the documents case down there. Now, this case is on hold indefinitely. Most voters are saying that Donald Trump is being denied a right to a fair trial, in this case that we're watching unfold before us.Now, Congress will be investigating the special counsel in this case, and the document case judge pulled the plug on the trial because of this admission that they failed to preserve critical evidence and that footnote that we have spend -- been spending a lot of time on the last two days. Is there any greater admission? How does that case ever move forward at any time based on what we've learned?HABBA: Because when you're rushing cases, when you're bringing cases that are not true, when you're politically motivated, in time, it will show. I always tell the American people, sit tight and wait. What we saw today was a story that I've heard for a decade that is complete garbage.And finally, the facts are coming out and the cases are falling apart like a domino one at a time. You've seen it in Georgia. We're seeing it with Jack Smith and guess what? We're seeing it now in New York.And if the American people don't see that this is solely to take him off and out, silence him, censor him, censor his people, and make sure that he's sitting in a courtroom cold and listening to this corruption, then we are completely misguided and blinded, and we have to fix this country, Sean. It is completely disgraceful what I am seeing.HANNITY: Well, if this continues we don't -- we're not a constitutional republic anymore. Alina, thank you.All right. Let's -- let's circle back if you will to one MSDNC host who accidentally shared her fantasies about President Trump on air. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, MSNBC HOST: I think there's two categories. I mean, there's obviously the Tim Scott category as you said. That's embarrassing to watch. Cringey. I've watched it many times. I think many of them want to be close to power.They also assume or have this thought in their mind that maybe Donald Trump will go away. Maybe he'll go to jail, maybe he will die, not to be too morbid, but maybe -- I mean, he's not a young man.Who knows what's in their minds? They think maybe I will be behind the Oval Office. Maybe I will be in the Oval Office.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Maybe he'll die.Here with reaction to all of our top stories tonight, FOX News legal analyst, best-selling author Gregg Jarrett, and Harvard Law professor, also best-selling author Alan Dershowitz.Professor, this is -- there's a lot a lot of meat on that bone. I want to get your thoughts on all of it.ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: Well, first of all, it was clear reversible error today committed by the judge and by the prosecution under the reasoning of the recently reversed Harvey Weinstein case. So much information came out, that was utterly irrelevant.Let's start with whether they had sex at all. Utterly irrelevant, the only issue is whether she threatened to expose him and whether she extorted him and whether he then paid money to avoid the embarrassment to his family, to his business, to his children and according to the prosecution to help himself get reelected.The issue of what actually happened is utterly irrelevant. And then we get to the details, the silk pajamas, the kind of lotion he was wearing. I can't imagine how the court of appeals in New York that reversed the Harvey Weinstein conviction which was a harder case to reverse, wouldn't reverse this conviction if it got up there.I would certainly recommend to the prosecutors in this case that they study the Weinstein case very carefully because it gives a road map to what you can't do. And this prosecutor is just following the road map of what you can't do.And now, the judge says, well, he didn't object enough. You know, in the court of appeals, they have a concept calls chattering magpie. The courts warn lawyers don't object too much. Object once, and then just keep quiet. Don't become a chattering magpie.And this judge then says, well, well, they didn't object enough. Yeah, they objected before. Yeah, they objected during. Yeah, they objected after. Yeah, they sought a dismissal and a mistrial. That's not good enough for me, Judge Merchan, because I'm going to convict this guy no matter what.And I'm certainly not going to give a mistrial because if I give a mistrial, it may be tried before a different judge and then my daughter won't make money off this case. This is such a corrupt case. From beginning to end, it's corrupt.And you know, again, as somebody who doesn't care as much about politics but who's devoted his life to the Constitution, this endangers everybody's rights and every liberal, every conservative, every Trump supporter, every Biden supporter should be appalled by this case and should be complaining about how our Constitution is being weaponized in the interest of partisan politics.HANNITY: You know, it's irrelevant, immaterial.Gregg Jarrett, get your take on today's events and the trial in general.GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, Stormy Daniels was called to the witness stand for only one purpose, Sean, to slime Trump. But she's peddled so many conflicting stories. You know, you get whiplash on cross- examination though, she withered. She was confronted with hard evidence that her motive was greed, hatred of Trump.So you know, hopefully, jurors saw her for what she is, a shakedown artist. It's her livelihood and at one point she unbelievably claimed, oh, I don't care about the money, only making my story public.Well, if that's true, why did you agree to remain silent in exchange for big bags of money? She is so clueless, she walked right into it today and as witnesses go, I'd say she's self-destructed.But the professor is right. None of what she had to say today was remotely relevant to any of the charges against Donald Trump. She had no knowledge. Prosecutors put her on the stand to vilify Trump with a salacious story, irrelevant, highly prejudicial, probative of nothing.And that is the legal standard that makes her testimony inadmissible. And any fair judge would not have allowed it. Unfortunately for Donald Trump, he's stuck with Juan Merchan as the judge.HANNITY: And this is the problem. It'll be all smoke and all mirrors. And when the dust clears, you know, if there's a guilty verdict, I don't think Donald Trump can get a fair verdict in New York by the time the -- this case would be overturned, guess what, Professor, it's passed -- has passed the election. It's too late at that.Do you agree with that? We have about 10 seconds each.DERSHOWITZ: And that's exactly, that's exactly what the purpose was.(CROSSTALK)DERSHOWITZ: To get a conviction before appeal.HANNITY: And this probably, Gregg --DERSHOWITZ: What they should be planning now, right now is an expedited appeal, to get it reversed before the election.HANNITY: I agree with that. Can that happen, Gregg?JARRETT: I'm not optimistic. Three weeks into this trial and there's still no evidence that Donald Trump committed any crimes. Nobody has testified that he was involved in the bookkeeping which is 34 criminal charges against him. This is an utterly absurd case.HANNITY: Thank you both.When we come back, you're not going to believe the outrageous comments made by the New York Governor Kathy Hochul and also comments by Congresswoman Maxine Waters. We'll tell you what they said and we'll get reaction, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And tonight, anti-Israel protests continue to cause chaos across the country. Joining us now, the very latest, he's on the ground outside of the Fashion Institute of Technology, New York City, our very own Matt Finn is there.Matt, here we go again.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, that's right, Sean. Our understanding is that the last pro-Palestinian encampment in the city of New York is here at the Fashion Institute of Technology. You could hear this group right now chanting free, free Palestine. They're also chanting protect the encampment here on campus.Now, tonight's march is titled "emergency call to action all out for Rafah." These protesters are demanding the U.S. and all aid to Israel. Tonight, this group marched from Union Square, up 6th Avenue, to New York Public Library, now at FIT.And some arrests were made once again here in New York because these protesters were blocking traffic. Police are allowing these protesters to freely demonstrate on the sidewalk in public areas, but NYPD has no tolerance right now for protesters blocking traffic. They are quickly and efficiently making arrests. These protesters, we also see them taunting police once again tonight here in Manhattan, Sean.HANNITY: All right. Matt Finn, thank you.And as events warrant, we'll be going back to Matt throughout the night.Also tonight, New York Governor Kathy Hochul under fire for comments she made during an event in Los Angeles yesterday about Black children in the Bronx in New York. Listen to the governor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D), NEW YORK: We'd like to be first, with all due respect to people from other states. It's sort of -- it's sort of our attitude. You know, we will be the best. We will be the first and I want others to follow because right now, we have you know young Black kids growing up in the Bronx who don't even know what the word -- a computer is. They don't know. They don't know these things.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: They don't know what these things are called computers, really?Now, following an intense backlash, Hochul, she claims now only because she was called out on it that she simply misspoke.Also tonight, Congresswoman Maxine Waters is being criticized for making these comments about so-called right-wing groups if Biden wins in November. Wait until you see this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MAXINE WATERS (D-CA): I'm going to ask the Justice Department and I'm going to ask the president to tell us what they're going to do to protect this country against violence if he loses. I want to know about all of those right-wing organizations that he's connected with who are training up in the Hills somewhere and targeting, you know, what communities they're going to attack.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Any evidence behind that ridiculous statement? The same Maxine Waters by the way that has threatened violence against Trump and his supporters on multiple occasions.Let's refresh your memory, shall we?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WATERS: And if you see anybody from that cabinet in a restaurant, in a department store, at a gasoline station, you get out and you create the crowd. And you push back on them and you tell them they're not welcome.And with this kind of inspiration, I will go and take Trump out tonight.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Take Trump out tonight.Here with reaction, Project 21 chairman Horace Cooper, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee.Well, if this were you, Governor, if it was Horace, if it was me, I think there'd be a very different reaction. But I guess fairly predictable.Do you know about these far right groups that are training in the hills? Because I haven't heard a word about anything.MIKE HUCKABEE FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, you're just dislocated from all the action, Sean, because everywhere around me, I see these people training in the hills and they're training so that they can be ready to deal with Maxine when she catches him at the filling station or at the restaurant or wherever they are in public.Honestly, there's an old song from the `60s that a lot of old people will remember. It goes, they're coming to take me away, ha, ha, he, he, ho, ho. They're coming to take me away.And when I hear Maxine Waters, I swear to God I think that I see men in little red coats and I hear Maxine saying, they're coming to take me away.And, honestly, Sean, they really need to. This lady I think has demonstrated the IQ of broccoli.HANNITY: You're on your game tonight.I've got to pull that song out of Mothballs. They're coming to take me away, ha, ha.Horace, I don't know if you remember, but it is pretty darn funny and applicable in many ways.HORACE COOPER, PROJECT 21 CHAIRMAN: Oh, I've heard. I've heard it. It is hilarious. It is hilarious.Look, let me -- let me say first of all I agree with the governor. This Marxist minstrel show is getting very tiring. The desire to overthrow America, divide us on racial lines, to create phantom armies that are setting about all of this is a time -- a sign that the hook needs to come and she needs to be pulled off the stage.HANNITY: Okay. So you say that. But you know, it's very interesting. Michael Moore can say it's perfectly acceptable to break into buildings. Sounds a lot like they call for insurrection Governor Huckabee, the very people that were either silent or lied to us and said the 574 riots in the summer of 2020 were mostly peaceful, they were not, just like their quiet, their silence is deafening as it relates to a lot of the protesters and from the river to the sea and intifada and death to Israel and death to America.This seems like just very selective moral outrage from the left as per usual, Governor.HUCKABEE: Well, it's really disturbing because they keep talking about if Donald Trump's elected, it would be horrible because he wouldn't leave the first time. Gee, I remember Joe Biden getting sworn in January 21st of 2021. It seems like he got sworn in because Donald Trump had already vacated the White House and moved out.So there was no attempt to hold on to power, to call the military in, to keep him in there. That's nonsense. It's another one of the big -- massive lies that the Democrats have told.The truth is, they're the ones who are abusing every law they can twist and turn in order to remain in power. We're watching it in these trials. These phony, ridiculous, disgusting trials against Donald Trump -- they're all there for one purpose to keep the Democrats in power because they're afraid that Donald Trump's policies really worked for America and Joe Biden's have just darn near destroyed this country.HANNITY: They just wanted to embarrass him today, Horace. You get the last word.COOPER: This is a classic case of projection. The left claims about the right the very kinds of behaviors, the violence, the bigotry. You've got a governor talking -- the governor of New York talking about black kids as if they're from Somalia, not the Bronx.This behavior needs to be called out. That's what a media would do that was working for America.HANNITY: Well said. We don't have that. Journalism in America is dead. I proclaimed it right here on this show in '07. I had no idea how right I was. Thank you both.Up next, anti-Israel protests rage while Biden tries to appease both sides. We got reaction. Ari Fleischer, Stephen Miller, straight ahead.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Earlier today, Biden spoke at the Holocaust remembrance ceremony and blasted antisemitism. It's all too little too late. Nothing more than a symbolic gesture because, why? His far-left base is not listening to him, nobody's listening to him.With anti-Israel protests as ferocious as ever, last night, a large group demonstrated outside the Met Gala in New York City, vandalized a World War I memorial next to Central Park.The protesters, what, they're emboldened. Why? Because Joe has surrendered in the war on terror and Joe has been and continues to stab Israel in the back every chance he gets.That's now culminating with his reported withholding of military aid to Israel. Why? Joe wants to tell Israel how to fight their war on terror and doesn't want them to go into Gaza. He's been basically saying stand down the entire time.And but this -- in this particular case, this was congressionally approved monies and spending that our ally desperate -- desperately needs to win their war on terror. But he wants to prevent Israel from going into Rafah, winning the war against radical Islamic terrorists.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Ari Fleischer, former senior aid to President Trump, Stephen Miller.Ari, I start with you. Your reaction. I think Joe has surrendered in the war on terror. I think Joe is purposely withholding congressional funds. I think, clearly, once again, he doesn't believe in co-equal branches of government. He'll pick and choose what law -- what laws he wants to enforce and what ones he doesn't.ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, Ronald Reagan famously said peace through strength, and Joe Biden is proving that weakness gets you the opposite, and that's what we see. Every time you push against Joe Biden, he yields. And remember, when Joe Biden says don't by the way, when he said don't invade Ukraine, don't to Iran, fire missiles at Israel -- everybody does it anyway. So when Joe Biden gives a speech in which he mouths the right words about antisemitism I'm glad he said that, does it really matter? Is he going to deter anybody's behavior?Between Biden's weakness and the weakness of campus leaders, campus presidents and faculty, we have a left that's run amuck, that knows they can get away with whatever they want to get away with, that -- unless they're in a Southern school or SEC school or the especially the University of Florida, they will not get punished.So they push back against Biden. They push back against these pro -- these university leaders and we have a left run amuck.HANNITY: You know, why would Joe Biden, even after Iran was firing, you know, all these missiles into Israel or attempting to, Stephen Miller, why would Joe Biden then tell our ally don't? They're dealing with the worst terror attack in their history, the equivalent of losing 40,000 Americans in a day. Why would he have any other message other than we support your right to defend your country, we support your right to survive and we support your effort to win the war against radical terrorists? Why -- why doesn't he seem to have any moral compass here?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISER TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I think the answer is quite simple, Sean. Joe Biden is a weak man. Instead of standing up to these pro-Hamas mobs, Joe Biden has surrendered to the pro-Hamas mobs. So no sooner do these encampments form, no sooner do these hateful Jew-hating, America-hating, Christian-hating mobs form on these college campuses, but Joe Biden suspends the delivery of aid the Congress has approved and passed, illegally suspends the delivery of aid the Congress has approved and passed. Why? To placate these mobs, because he sees those mobs as his base -- mobs funded by the way as has now been widely reported by some of Biden's biggest financial backers.So Joe Biden is caving to the mobs. He's answering to his donors and he is not protecting the American people. And I would note his Department of Justice which could break up these mobs easily for violating civil rights is not doing anything to stop the unlawful behavior of these pro-Hamas radicals, instead what's the Department of Justice doing, trying to jail his political opponent Donald Trump.He's a corrupt man, and he is a weak man and we are all more unsafe as a result.HANNITY: Ari, we'll give you the last minute and by the way, those are live protests going on at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, more protesters again tonight.And Joe and Democrats have been quite hesitant to criticize a lot of what we've been hearing, including death to America, death to Israel, intifada, and the likes from the river to the sea, Ari.FLEISCHER: Can you imagine if Joe Biden had done this differently? If right from the beginning, Joe Biden said, if you put up one-tenth, I will tell those university presidents to take that tent down. If you sleep over on a campus, you're violating the rules.No one in America should support Hamas. No one should ally themselves with that cause and I will defend Israel -- he'd be politically so much stronger if only he had done that, but he's trying to placate the Dearborn Arab community and the Jewish community that he's going to lose. He's trying to play it in the middle, he can't do that.HANNITY: He tried to tread in the middle. You know what? People looking for moral clarity and leadership, he doesn't have it.All right. Thank you both.Straight ahead, the Biden campaign, they want to make abortion a top issue in November. Guess what? We're going to take a trip down memory lane and take a look back at Joe Biden's record on abortion. Wait until you see the tape.We'll get reaction. Kellyanne Conway, Reince Priebus, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Democrats, they want to make the election all about abortion since they think that's the only issue they can win on. Now, Biden's team has launched a new ad campaign centered around abortion. It is full of lies, featuring attacks on Donald Trump in an attempt to link the former president to strict state abortion laws, but Joe Biden's record on abortion is horrific.Let's take a look back at how Joe and his opinions on the issue has, well, evolved, changed, how he's flipped and flopped and flailed on the issue. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIPS)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm prepared to accept that the moment of conception is human life and being. But I'm not -- I'm not prepared to say that to other God-fearing, non-God-fearing people that have a different view.I respect them, they -- those who believe life begins in the moment of conception and all. I -- I respect that, don't agree but I respect that.I do not view abortion as a choice and a right. I think it's always a tragedy.It was Donald Trump and his Supreme Court who ripped away the rights and freedoms of women in America and it'll be Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and all of you who are going to restore those rights for the women of America.INTERVIEWER: Still oppose the public funding for abortion?BIDEN: I still am opposed to public funding to abortion.If Congress to pass a national abortion ban, I will veto it.(END VIDEO CLIPS)HANNITY: All right. Here now with reaction, FOX News contributor Kellyanne Conway, along with former Trump White House chief of staff Reince Priebus.Kellyanne, start with you. Let's take you back, if Donald Trump -- this new ad, if Donald Trump is elected, that is the end of a woman's right to choose. There will be no place to turn. That is just a flat-out lie.And then you go back in history and you look at Joe Biden's record on abortion, he basically has done what is politically expedient at the time when he was running for whatever office he's running for. That's his record.KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, yes. Look, there's no question this year, abortion could be a vote multiplier and a turnout intensifier for the Democrats. It basically is all they have. Maybe you could throw an electric vehicle here and there, a little bit of climate change but that's about it. It's mainly abortion.But Joe Biden, Sean, he's gone the opposite way of science. He's a science denier. Over time, we have learned so much more about gestational development, sonograms, we know what we see.Joe Biden and the rest of them have become science deniers. The left runs around science, facts, science and facts, and they look at a sonogram of a five-month-old and they pretend they don't see the male organ, the baby sucking its thumb and waving at mom and dad.I think they're going to go too far with this, because already, after Arizona, the Supreme Court decision there before the state legislature acted to rectify that, the -- most of the ads, most of the talk and the ads, the paid ads running in Arizona right after that we about abortions. I think they're going to overplay this.Look, women are -- 76 percent of fulltime healthcare workers in our country are female. We control two out of every three healthcare dollars spent in this country. We are disproportionately the healthcare consumers and providers.Republicans, wake up. Go and have a full health care plan. Go on offense, the days of repealing and replacing this and that are over. The Democrats want to pretend that healthcare is only abortion. We should have a full health care plan.Last point, Latino and Latinas, African-Americans, the idea that they think this is a winning strategy when they're saying where's my economic upward mobility, what's going on at the border, you're letting -- letting people in here by the millions to compete with me for my jobs, my prosperity and opportunity, many of them are very religious, too.So I think the Democrats are taking a real chance here, poll came out today in Pennsylvania, Kamala Harris, I know you stopped in Philadelphia to be the abortion czar, Russian title all. A poll came out by Muhlenberg College today showing Donald Trump beating Joe Biden in Pennsylvania. That's 20 electoral votes very important.HANNITY: You know, Reince, I look at this and I would make an argument -- I think I can make a strong argument that the reason -- one of the reasons the red wave didn't happen or unfold in 2020 was the Dobbs decision, and the issue of abortion, okay. If I'm right, I think people are a little bit more well-informed this time.Gavin Newsom debating Ron DeSantis on this very program after being pushed again and again and again was very clear. He said it's a decision between a doctor, a patient and their conscience. Meaning no restrictions, even late term abortion.I think that's how Republicans go on offense. Giving it back to the states means giving it back to the people of those states to decide and probably those states are going to end up somewhere between 12 and 15 weeks, like the Dobbs decision, right?REINCE PRIEBUS, FORMER WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF: Yeah, that's exactly right. But, you know, I agree with Kellyanne in part here because the Democrats have used this as a sledgehammer and Republicans have to really wake up on this issue. And they don't just use it broadly. They use it by hiring 10 people every 10 blocks in places like Madison and Columbus and places around Raleigh, North Carolina, and they are micro-targeting individual donors on this abortion issue.And when races come down to 20,000 people in Wisconsin and 10,000 people in Georgia, these little margins matter. But the good news here is that I think Donald Trump, when you read his tweets on this issue, when -- or his Truth Social posts on this issue or whatever, he focuses it on two things. One, it's a states rights issue which you've all covered thoroughly here, and it is a states rights issue.But number two, he's willing to talk about the part of this issue that 80 percent of the American people agree with, and that is in the third trimester, you ought not have an abortion. Eighty percent of the people agree with it. In the second trimester, 66 percent of the people agree that you ought not have an abortion that, you know, 13, 14, 15 weeks, that's plenty of time.And I think talking about this issue and not hiding from it is important but, look, it's the only thing they've got. And Kellyanne is right. On Hispanic voters in 2020, Joe Biden won Hispanics by 21 points. Today, he's only -- Joe Biden's only ahead by four points in recent polls with Hispanic voters. And you know, the last I checked, you know, a right to abortion --HANNITY: He lost, 28 points, Reince.PRIEBUS: -- is not very high on the -- on the Hispanic -- yeah, on the Hispanic on -- at the Hispanic -- for Hispanic voters.HANNITY: Oh, and if you look at, he's lost 28 percent of the African- American vote and large percentage of suburban women, key demographics that makes up the Democratic coalition.All right. Thank you both.When we come back, Tom Brady's ex-wife has responded to the roast of her husband Tom Brady -- not too happy. We'll tell you what she said.And a special announcement, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Gisele Bundchen is Tom Brady's former wife. She apparently now is deeply disappointed by jokes made about her marriage to NFL legend Tom Brady at this Sunday's Netflix roast. Here's an example.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You have seven rings -- well, eight now that Gisele gave hers back, but just want to --(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now the source is telling "People" magazine that she's -- her priority is to support her children that were affected by the, quote, irresponsible content.All right. Also, before we go tonight, a quick programming note, actually two. Don't forget, check out my new special. It's called "Outlaws & Lawmen". That's right. I did it from the set of Tombstone. It was awesome.Anyway, the first episode will be available tomorrow. You just go to FOX Nation. Let's take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Your names are known the world over. Some were heroes. Some were villains. But most -- well, they were a bit of both, and that's where the fun begins.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Clanton's been shooting off his mouth. We aim to shut it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Best start praying.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You hurt me.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I want to hurt you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: U.S. Marshall Bass Reeves (ph).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But there's a bad man.HANNITY: These are the true stories behind their legend. This is "Outlaws & Lawmen" coming soon for FOX Nation.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: The set of Tombstone was awesome. I think you're going to like it. The first episode drops tomorrow, FOX Nation. We hope you'll check it out.Also I will be on "FOX & Friends" tomorrow, 8:30 Eastern. We hope you'll be watching that as well.All right. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us and thank you for making this show possible.We hope you'll please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime -- I have good news -- let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld's standing by to put a smile in your face. I need one. Have a great night.