SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. Welcome to "Hannity".All right. The walls now crumbling down around Sean "Diddy" Combs with yet another disturbing scandal. Viewer warning what you're about to see is very graphic. This is surveillance video from appearing to show the music mogul brutally beating his ex-girlfriend in a hotel hallway. One question, why was Diddy never charged with assault? We have a full report tonight.Also, tonight, we begin with a headline from "USA Today", quote, Biden's poll numbers are awful. America, brace for a Trump victory in November. In every corner of the media mob, the Democratic Party, the anxiety is palpable. Even reliable blue states, they're now starting to look awfully purple. One veteran poster telling FOXnews.com, both Minnesota and Virginia, they are clearly in play.By the way, even New Jersey. Is that a possibility for Donald Trump? We saw a massive 80,000 plus person crowd for a rally there just last weekend.And get this: Trump is up by double digits in the great state of Nevada. That's a state he previously lost twice. Now, desperate to make up ground, Joe Biden finally agreed to debate Donald Trump, obviously, a sign of desperation. As James Carville, said nothing is working.But per usual, he's up to some pretty dirty tricks. The campaign has a list of demands and dictates and only debate Trump on a liberal anti-Trump woke network and not even consult with Trump. Kamala Harris out there, meanwhile, already agreed to a vice presidential debate on CBS. Trump hasn't even picked his running mate.You see what's happening here? The mob, the media, the Biden campaign colluding to just push Trump out of the way in plain sight. They get to pick the venue, they get to dictate all the terms of the debate before the Trump campaign is even able to respond. Trump has agreed to debate, he's agreed to fake news CNN. He's agreed to ABC, and he's agreed to one right here on FOX.By the way, all of this hatred, all this bias, it is rooted. It is a psychotic condition. It's called hate all things Donald Trump.For example, fake news CNN quickly agreed to host the first presidential debate and almost immediately they announced fake Jake Tapper is going to be one of the moderators. They didn't consult the Trump campaign. Oh, that's really fair.And let's be clear, fake Jake, he claims that he's a journalist, he is a far-left partisan hack with nothing but snark, contempt for most Republicans but especially for Donald Trump.Let's show you more tape. We'll show you tape every night, well, until they find a new moderator.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: He pushes the government of the United States to use its power and credibility to justify his lies.Congressman Brian Mast, a Republican from Florida, who lost his legs by the way fighting for democracy abroad, although I don't know what his -- I don't know about his commitment to it here in the United States.But has also been a time of extreme divisions, many of the divisions caused and exacerbated by President Trump himself.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: We'll continue to show the nation that fake Jake is a opinionated liberal Democratic talk show host, not a journalist.Fake Jake called Trump's presidency, quote, a nightmare. Oh, that's journalism, or is that opinion? But now, fake news CNN wants you all to believe that he's going to be fair and balanced. I've said it before, I'll say it again, fake Jake should never be allowed to moderate a presidential debate, and Donald Trump has to have a say.That's the way it's always worked historically. Trump will not only be forced to debate Joe Biden, but if this happens, he'd be debating Biden and an abusively by leftist talk show host by the name of fake Jake Tapper. He pretends to be the journalist. He's not.Of course, Biden needs all the help he can get. His cognitive decline is a big focal point in the election. By the way, you can't have notes and you can't have a teleprompter in a debate, Joe, in case you're trying to maybe sneak that in, too. Oh, and the networks, they're not allowed to put up on the screen, oh, these are the real facts and get in their opinion to help you know bolster your failing debate when they shut off Donald Trump's mic.Anyway, during a speech today for Biden in D.C., Joe didn't exactly help his cause. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, I'm from Delaware, so I go along with Delaware state being the best HBCU, Kamala keeps saying it's Howard. And I'm going now -- I'm going Sunday to make a speech at that other place, that that man's -- More -- Morehouse? Morehouse.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Morehouse College, Joe. It's impossible to know anything with this guy.You know, did he forget the name of the historically Black college university where you know he set to deliver the commencement speech, and if he did that's really sad, isn't it, but typical.Now, today's speech was the beginning of what the Biden campaign is calling a fresh appeal to African-American voters who are turning in droves to Donald Trump, record numbers. But instead of addressing issues that are a top concern, oh , let's see the economy, inflation, Biden is vowing to raise taxes and force Americans who did not go to college to pay off student loans enjoyed by those who racked up debt.Well, you know, with one two maybe even three degrees. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: That's why my administration is taking the most significant action notwithstanding the -- the Supreme Court trying to stop me to provide student debt relief -- the most supreme -- ever.We raised 400 million, a billion dollar over the next years.This investment's helped HBCUs (ph) do everything from build student housing, to study climate science.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Million billion? Help me out with that.Anyway -- and, of course, oh, he's losing young people. I'll pay off your college loan, I hope you'll vote for me. Maybe somebody in the Democratic Party should just listen to the voters. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: President Biden, I really feel like he making everything harder for everybody, got everybody jump through hoops just do extra thing.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He wants to make it seem as if he's for the Blacks and he's not really because he hasn't really helped anybody.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I like Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump, what he is doing. Trump has helped out a lot of people in the community, helped out a lot of Black businesses. And I'll vote for Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Even though I don't like Biden I would much rather vote for Biden than Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: That whole tape, African-Americans interviewed on FOXNews.com that continues for and a half minutes. It's not surprising many African-American voters detest Joe Biden first and foremost his policies are a train wreck. Why? Inflation, prices, they're up over 20 percent.You see what's happening with unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants, you know, coming from our top geopolitical foes, yeah, they're also taking resources away from you, the American people, your resources, defund, dismantle, no bail laws of the Democratic Party, what has that resulted in small towns and big cities around the country? Violence and chaos everywhere.We have two wars, war in Europe, war in the Middle East. And we could go on and on. I mean, but your president also has a terrible history with African-Americans.And I feel like I'm a voice in the wilderness, nobody ever wants to talk about it the only person that ever did interestingly in a primary debate was Kamala Harris. As a senator, Joe Biden, he works side by side with segregationist, even bragged about that part, in this case against busing and integration of public schools. Remember Joe Biden said he didn't want his kids to grow up in a racial jungle. His mentor, his friend, his words, in the Senate was the former Klansman from West Virginia, Robert KKK Byrd.But that didn't stop Joe from lying and telling everybody that he was actually a civil rights icon, even made up a story about getting arrested in apartheid South Africa while supporting Nelson Mandela. It never happened.Remember in 2020, pearly white Joe Biden even seemed to think that he alone could decide who is really truly African-American, Black in America. Remember Charlamagne Tha God, you know, if you don't vote for me -- well, you ain't black, wow. And that's not all. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Madam President, we have predators on our streets.INTERVIEWER: What kind of a chance would a Northeastern liberal like Joe Biden stand in the South?BIDEN: Better than anybody else. And you don't know my state, my state was a slave state.You got the first sort of mainstream African American who is articulate and bright and clean and a nice looking guy. I mean, it's -- that's a storybook.They're going to put y'all back in chains.Poor kids are just as bright and just as talent as white kids.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, HOST: We got more questions --BIDEN: You got more questions, but I tell you, if you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, and you ain't black.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: I love this. You know, for the first time ever, articulate, bright and clean, that's storybook, man. Wow!Anyway, instead of actually improving the lives of African-Americans, Joe Biden is hoping to win back their vote with sheer politics, fear-mongering, pandering and, of course, the big lie, oh, Republicans are racist. Really? With that track record?Unfortunately, for Joey, he can barely string two sentences together without getting lost and dazed and confused. As we mentioned at the top, Democrats, they are in full panic mode.You saw James Carville, we played it many times. Nothing they're throwing at Trump is working, nothing. And as the very real possibility of a second Trump term now come squarely into focus -- well, things are not going well for Joe.Here with the very latest, out of the White House, our very own Peter Doocy.Peter, I watch you every day and you've had a very interesting week. You ask questions about polls, you ask questions about Joe Biden. They don't really have very good answers, do they?PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Hey, we can ask about whatever we want and we were very interested this week in some of these polls and whether or not they contributed to this sudden decision to debate. It didn't feel for weeks or months like a Biden campaign was ever going to think it was beneficial to them to debate. And then, suddenly, there are these state-based polls by "The New York Times" and Siena College and the "Philly Inquirer" that were all five out of six of them were terrible for the Biden team. He was only leading in one state, Wisconsin.But the thing that they have been, it seems like, most concerned with this week with all this outreach to voters, to Black voters specifically is the FOX News poll out a few days ago. It's got him down seven points with Black voters compared to where he was in October of 2020, and you played that montage, the issue right now is not anything that he said, it is the -- a concern with the policies and the prices of everything.Here at the White House, they say that they the prices are coming down, but in communities, including in the Black community, it does not seem based on the polling and based on everything that we hear like they are feeling it.And in an election where it could only be decided by a few thousand votes, 7 percent with all Black voters could potentially be lethal for this president's reelection.HANNITY: Peter Doocy, great work. Thank you.All right. Here with more, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott.Senator, the demographics change. Well -- well, let me ask you first question. How is it that Joe Biden -- we played that tape of Joe Biden and the things he said, you ain't black, and you know they're going to put y'all back in chains back, the worst thing is --SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Back in chains, disgusting comments.HANNITY: The thing that is the most unbelievable to me and if it were a Republican probably would be career-killing, which is him partnering with his friend and mentor, a former Klansman to stop the integration of public schools and busing. Even Kamala Harris criticized him for that -- in that - - that presidential primary debate in 2020. I was that girl, I believe she said, and because he didn't want public schools, his words, to be racial jungles.Am I like the only one in the country that that dares to bring this up and ask incredulously why doesn't anyone care about that?SCOTT: You know they're not playing that on CNN. You know they're not playing it on MSNBC. They are not sharing the truth of who Joe Biden has always been.We should run commercial after commercial with Kamala Harris telling Joe Biden what he did in the 1960s, and in addition to that, we should make sure that his words of the jungle, what a disgusting reflection on who he is.I will say this without question, jobs and justice are moving more Black folks towards Donald Trump, because we want fairness and what we hear from Joe Biden over and over again is a pandering tour. But you're 100 percent right, to associate with a racist, a KKK member, and to celebrate it, you can only do that when all of the national media goes dark. They won't cover any negative news on Joe Biden.HANNITY: Let's look at this. Donald Trump didn't win Nevada in '16 and '20. He's up by 13. "New York Times", then you look at Arizona up by seven, then you look at Michigan up by seven, then you look at Georgia up by 10, then you look at Pennsylvania, up by three, down by two in Wisconsin, okay.So that is huge, but what's interesting is every poll is showing the same thing, that Joe Biden's base -- the -- his coalition base in the Democratic Party, he's losing African-Americans, Hispanic Americans and young people. How do you interpret that? Why is that happening?SCOTT: The coalition is imploding, the literal floor is being broken up because now they have the contrast between Joe Biden's years in office and Donald Trump's years in office, and you look at two categories. I just said it a second ago, jobs, Joe Biden has destroyed -- devastated the Black community with inflation and joblessness. African-American unemployment is now 6.4 percent and still climbing. But the only thing higher than that is inflation.Today, it costs you 40 percent more money to put gas in the car, 30 percent for food on your table, 25 percent for energy for your home. Those numbers are devastating for single moms and people working paycheck to paycheck, especially in the Black community, where you have a high concentration of poverty. But that's true in every community.The second truth is, we as a nation and our DNA is fairness. Alvin Bragg has made an in-kind contribution to the Democratic National Party for one reason, to beat Donald Trump and he's paying for it at the expense to New York taxpayers. Everyday Americans and I believe African-Americans specifically are saying a two-tier justice system, weaponizing justice against a former president, if they'll do that to him, what will they not do to me?Those two issues are driving millennials, African-Americans, white folks, Hispanics, Asians, all to look at Donald Trump and his four years in office, and they're saying the same thing you and I would say, Sean -- the border was closed, the economy was strong, inflation was low, enthusiasm was high, law and order everywhere, crime and violence nowhere, comparatively speaking to what we see today.It's an easy conclusion on why Joe Biden is sinking in the polls, and Donald Trump seems to be on a springboard. It's pretty remarkable.HANNITY: All right .Senator, say hi to our mutual friends when you see them. Appreciate you being with us. Thank you.All right. Now to more dirty tricks from the Biden campaign. They're now dangling even more government money which we mentioned that we don't have, in front of voters. Now, they want to initiate a $25,000 down payment for first time home buyers. It's almost like they want inflation to go higher. The debt, the deficit to go higher, or maybe they don't understand simple economics 101.Anyway, here with analysis, FOX Business host, our friend Larry Kudlow.Larry, great to have you as always.You know, it's interesting , the Supreme Court said they shouldn't be having student loan forgiveness. Now they what -- they want to buy votes with young people and home buyers and try to get people to vote from that way? It sounds to me like, oh, well, maybe that's one way to get people to support us. Is that what is happening?LARRY KUDLOW, FOX BUSINESS HOST: You know it's interesting. First of all, thanks for having me back, Sean. I appreciate it. It's so interesting to me, all this vote buying stuff, okay, money to help mortgages, money, of course, for student loan cancellations which going to cost a trillion dollars, by the way. And you're running a cumulative inflation rate of 20 percent and across the board, people are complaining all these polls whether there swing states or nationwide show the economy is number one, inflation is number one.Number one issue -- I mean, immigration, the illegal immigration is a close second, but it's inflation and the economy. And some good stories out, one of the best leading indicators of a presidential race, okay, is something called real disposable income. All right? That's income, that's wages, that's what you get after inflation, after taxes, okay? It's a classic presidential election indicator.And you know what you got here? Cumulatively, Joe Biden up 2.9 percent, Donald Trump was up twelve and a half percent. Biden's performance is the worst in the post-World War II period. His inflation of 20 percent is the worst in about 40 years. But his disposable income, which is after inflation, after taxes is the worst in the entire post-World War II period.So what? These guys now want to layer on more spending, which will create more inflation, inflation, Sean, first four months of the year through April, four and a half percent and an annual rate on the CPI, okay, and Mr. Biden did not inherit a 9 percent inflation rate from Donald Trump.HANNITY: He lied.KUDLOW: He inherit -- he inherited a 1.4 percent inflation rate. Yes,. I'm afraid he did.So I'm just saying all this --HANNITY: And, by the way, last three months --KUDLOW: -- all this vote buying, Sean, that's not what people want because they're already sick of government spending and inflation which is killing their paychecks.HANNITY: Sorry. Well-said, last three months inflation, 3.2 percent year over year, 3.5 percent year-over-year. This month, oh, we're down, it's only 3.4 percent year-over-year.No, that's a high number, over 20 plus per since he became president. It's killing American families.Larry, thank you as always. You're the best.KUDLOW: Yes.HANNITY: All right. Straight ahead, Judge Jeanine Pirro is here with the very latest on this sham Trump trial and, of course, the gutting of Michael Cohen yesterday and a fiery exchange between AOC and Marjorie Taylor Greene.And a viewer warning about what you are about to see, Diddy back in hot water after a video appears to show him attacking his ex-girlfriend. We got the tape and more, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: After a Friday off, Michael Cohen will face more cross-examination on Monday after this week's extremely dramatic and disastrous testimony, but that New York courtroom wasn't the only place where sparks were flying. Well, things got personal on Capitol Hill as the House Oversight Committee met late last night to consider whether or not to hold the Attorney General Merrick Garland in contempt for defying a subpoena and blocking audio from President Biden's interview with Robert Hur, you know, the one where he said -- was I still vice -- was I still vice president in 2009? Yeah, that's when you started, Joe.Anyway, let's just say things got pretty heated and way off track. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JASMINE CROCKETT (D-TX): Do you -- do you know what we're here for? You know we're here about AG --REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): I think you know what you're here for.CROCKETT: Well, you the one talking about --GREENE: I think your fake eyelashes are messing up with your reading.(CROSSTALK)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): That's beneath even you Ms. Greene. That's beneath even you.(CROSSTALK)REP. ALEXANDRA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): I do have a point of order and I would like to move to take down Ms. Greene's words.That is absolutely unacceptable! How dare you attack the physical appearance of another person!GREENE: Are your feelings hurt?OCASIO-CORTEZ: Remove her words down!GREENE: Aww.OCASIO-CORTEZ: Oh girl. Baby. Girl.GREENE: Oh really?OCASIO-CORTEZ: Don't even play.GREENE: Baby? Girl? I don't think so.OCASIO-CORTEZ: We are going to move and we're going to take your words down.RASKIN: I second that motion.OCASIO-CORTEZ: Absolutely not! Absolutely not!Not today! Not today!REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Do you agree to strike your words?GREENE: Yeah, I'll agree.COMER: OK, Ms. Greene agrees to strike her words.OCASIO-CORTEZ: I believe she needs to apologize.(CROSSTALK)GREENE: I'm not apologizing.OCASIO-CORTEZ: Well, thank you're not sriking your words.GREENE: I am not apologizing.COMER: Let's not -- come on, guys.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: You just can't make that up. That is awesome. I can't help it. I liked it.Here with reaction, co-host of the hit show "The Five", by the way, author of the new book "Crimes Against America," extremely relevant in light of a weaponized Department of Justice. Judge, I had you on about your book on my radio show yesterday.JEANINE PIRRO, CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": Yeah.HANNITY: No. I mean, it is so relevant to everything that's happening in the country.I -- first, I got to get your reaction to that exchange. Why are people so offended? You know, I don't -- look, I was a hockey player. We used to fight every time we played. You know, now, if you fight in -- you know, or say the wrong word, use the wrong pronoun, they want to put you in jail, except if you're an antisemite on a college campus.PIRRO: Look, here's my concern, you know I think it's -- I think it's funny too, but at the same time they're in Congress. You know, it's not as though their percentage of likeness in the country is high. The truth is we think very little of people in Congress, and when they engage in high school mean girl kind of back and forth, you say, you know why are we paying these people? Why do they have so much power? Why are they in a position to waste our time and their own time like this?Look, this is a hearing about whether or not evidence of an audio tape that was requested on February 5th as a result of special counsel Hur's examination of Joe Biden should be handed over to Congress. And instead of handing over that requested testimony and the audio of that testimony, what they do is they start trashing each other on the floor of Congress. That -- I mean, it's not appropriate. It really is.And it's funny but, you know, AOC, she comes out like -- I'm a mean girl, you know, I'm from the Bronx, I'm going to take you down. Well, you know what, AOC? You're from Westchester, that's not who you are, but if you want to play the tough guy, go right ahead.The bottom line is that we need to have that transcript because in that transcript, Joe is a guy with virtually no memory and he's a liar. He lies about the fact that the special counsel asked him about his son's death, and he -- the counsel did not, we already know that from the transcript.In the end, what you've got are women who are wasting time and I think they look bad as result of it.HANNITY: I understand. I everyone wants this highfalutin but you know what, sometimes you got to keep --PIRRO: You like it. Sean, you like it.HANNITY: I do, I'm not lying. I'm not going to lie. I don't lie under oath.You're -- now -- in all the years that we have followed cases and you've been on both sides of this. You've been the prosecutor, you've been the judge, you -- so you really have a deep understanding of what was happening in that cross yesterday, with Todd Blanche and Michael Cohen.I don't think I can think of a moment where somebody was gutted like that I know they teach people in law school, don't expect that moment to win you, you know, win a case for you, you're taught specifically, it's likely not going to happen, but it happened.Let's talk about how profound that is and where you think the result of this is.PIRRO: Well, look, in three decades as the prosecutor, a judge and a D.A. - - I mean, I've been Alvin Bragg, I've said this before, and I've been Juan Merchan, both those positions. I have never seen a witness torn apart like this witness is.First of all, we have to understand that this guy Michael Cohen is the lynchpin of the prosecution's case. This guy was ripped to shreds. We know he lies to everybody. Every time he takes a breath, he lies.He lies to Congress. He lies to judges. He lies to special counsel. He lies in court. The guy lies about his taxes. I don't want to go down the whole thing.But the truth is that when he said -- and this is where they got him beat down, he said that on October 24th of 2016, he called Keith Schiller to tell Donald Trump to get Donald Trump on the phone and he told Donald Trump the whole thing was resolved, except a text message seconds before is Schiller saying, call me, and a 96-second phone call and right after that a text message saying send me his number, it's clear they're talking about a 14-year-old who was a subject of discussion who was harassing Michael Cohen.The guy is a liar. This is a circus. He is a carnival huckster. This is a case that no judge I know of would ever allow to go to a jury.They have not made out a prima facie case. There should be a directed verdict, where this does not go to a jury and the judge dismisses everyone.HANNITY: Judge, thank you. Congrats -- congrats, by the way, on your book.PIRRO: Thank you, Sean. Take care, bye-bye.HANNITY: Appreciate it.All right. Straight ahead, a shocking admission from a U.S. official on gain of function research in China.Viewer warning, by the way, about what you are about to see. Well, Diddy back in the spotlight as new appears to show him attacking an ex- girlfriend. This is beyond disturbing. Anyway, we'll have a full report coming up, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And turning now to a very disturbing story. CNN obtains surveillance video showing rapper and entrepreneur Sean "Diddy" Colmes, well, apparently beating his ex-girlfriend. Now, we are going to show it to you now, keep it in mind, this is very disturbing video and it has very graphic content.Now, the woman that you see here, Cassandra Ventura is her name, has accused Diddy of sexual assault, rape, kicking her, stomping on her, beating her, forcing her to consume huge amounts of alcohol and drugs, all of these allegations came in a lawsuit file last year in the Southern District of New York in which Ms. Ventura calls Diddy a, quote, vicious, cruel, controlling man, nearly two decades her senior.Now, that suit was settled soon after it was filed. FOX News has reached out to representatives for Diddy for comment.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Tammy Bruce and former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi.Pam, start with you. As a prosecutor, one has to wonder if the hotel or wherever they were staying had this video, why didn't it come out sooner?PAM BONDI (R), FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yeah, and, Sean, as a in my early career I was a domestic violence prosecutor, it doesn't get worse than that and it was very disturbing, what he did, and it's completely corroborated in her lawsuit, allegedly it didn't come out because the hotel was paid $50,000 by Diddy, that's what they're alleging, she's alleging, the victim, to hide this video. If that happened, that hotel can be liable for destruction of evidence, hiding evidence of a crime.If they watch that, they had the duty to call 911 right away on that tape. I mean, these are very, very serious charges, and that poor woman.HANNITY: I mean, we hear about these horrible domestic abuse cases. I mean, to actually see this, Tammy, it just shocks the conscience. I mean, looking at this, I mean this is a beating.This is frankly a dangerous beating. This is where, you know, somebody can have per injuries are worse.TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, exactly, and so when you read about things like, well, he gave her a black eye and he stomped on her, it doesn't bring forth the reality of what this is. This is a man who clearly swung her down. She was either unconscious or dazed.He then went back to kick her in the head. He then picked up bags and stomped on her again. She's clearly disabled at this point. He then begins to drag her back as you saw around to where the room is, and Lord knows what would happen to her in that context.Keep in mind, this is eight years ago. And when you're dealing with -- and we've seen this over and over again, if there's enough money and it's the entertainment industry and there's power in that city and people are afraid that we -- we wonder with everything we know and have known over this last decade with what goes on in that city, that this is the kind of behavior that people have gotten away with because of settlements or because a hotel allegedly is paid. We don't know where this video came from, maybe a copy was made that eventually I think will come out.But this is such a -- it's like assault or a misdemeanor this or a third degree assault. You know, you could look at -- if a normal person was doing that and you wanted to kill someone, you could argue that you were trying to -- that that was attempted murder. It depends on the degree of the injury and when you -- when you have a moment, Sean, and I think Pam would agree with this, to reflect on what you're doing like once you've swung her down and hit her and then you have a moment and you go back to kick her in the head, that is a dynamic that is obscene. It is what costs women their lives and I'm glad she finally sued.But how many more in the last eight years and in the years prior to this, did this -- how many more women were affected?HANNITY: Yeah. I think that's a great question, Pam. I have to imagine that somebody be willing to ever do this, might have had a proclivity to do it before or after.BONDI: Yeah. Sean, in my years of experience as a prosecutor, that's not a one-time situation, not at all. He's probably done this multiple times and, you know, once one person comes forward, many women start coming forward in my experience as well, because they're not scared after that.And, you know, it was a very bad day for Sean Combs today because his drug mule in a Florida court today went into a diversion program for carrying the cocaine and marijuana on a plane with Diddy's children, by the way, went in a diversion program. And I can tell you those diversion contracts say you are to cooperate in any and all proceedings. So let's see what's going to happen there with his bodyguard, his drug mule Brendan Paul who entered into that program today.BRUCE: Great point.HANNITY: All right. Now, switching gears. It is certainly took long enough but yesterday on Capitol Hill, senior NIH official finally admitted that, yes, your government did in fact fund gain of function research in Wuhan. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Dr. Tabic, did NIH fund gain of function research at the Wuhan Institute of Virology through EcoHealth?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It depends on your definition of gain of unction research. If you're speaking about the generic term, yes, we did because but this is research the generic term is research that goes on in many, many labs around the country. It is not regulated and the reason it's not regulated is it poses no threat or harm to anybody.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: From the earliest days, Tammy Bruce, we have known and Rand Paul's book is a real beatdown on this, that there was a flurry from January or February of 2020, within NIH circles about uh-oh, did we fund this? Everybody knew gain of function research took place and coronavirus research took place at that Wuhan lab.They lied. They lied consciously. They misled the American people. The gullible mob in the media, they peddle these lies and -- where are we as a result of this? Who -- who's held accountable for this? Where's Fauci?BRUCE: This is a confirmation but sometimes you don't want to believe that the system, the bureaucratic system. And you saw this, it was the same answers, the same template, it was repeated over and over and over again that this massive bureaucracy could operate in unison in the effort to lie and gaslight the American people over an issue, Sean, about life and death.The nature of what they were doing with our tax dollars, the casualness in this and the ability the ease with which and the speed with which they aligned with this lie to us. Let's not forget, Fauci, with a "New York Times" story in the last year or so, year and a half, a cover story for the magazine said that masks really in the -- in the general population only have a percent effective rate, and then we have him admitting to Congress that the social distancing rule that was supposed to save our lives, just sort of appeared. The entire dynamic as we've complained always was false.And yet they also punished people who dared to push back on that by destroying their careers, getting them fired, getting them censored --HANNITY: Conspiracy theorists, yeah.We give you the last word, Pam.BONDI: Yeah and, Sean, to define gain of function, that is taking a virus and making it as deadly as possible. Best case scenario, to study it, worst case scenario, a weapon of mass destruction.Why in the world would we fund a lab in Wuhan owned by the communist party of China, a repressive government with livestock -- livestock living so close together? So best case scenario, it could leak out, worst case scenario, they could create a weapon of mass destruction.BRUCE: Right, exactly.HANNITY: They are our number one geopolitical foe and the WHO, they ran interference for China the whole time, get out of the WHO, get out of the U.N., get out of the WEF, get out of the Paris climate accords. No, we don't need any of these, quote, globalist organizations.Anyway, thank you both. Tammy, thank you. Pam, thank you.Up next, the left found a target for their latest meltdown, Chiefs' kicker Harrison Butker. And King Charles' new portrait has fans divided. Jimmy Failla has a lot to say about it, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TAPPER: All right. The woke PC left has found a new target for their latest meltdown, Kansas City Chiefs' kicker Harrison Butker. Now, the NFL star delivered the commencement address at Benedictine College, where he highlighted family values, took a jab at Joe Biden. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRISON BUTKER, CHIEFS KICKER: Our own nation is led by a man who publicly and proudly proclaims his Catholic faith, but at the same time is delusional enough to make the sign of the cross during a pro-abortion rally.I want to speak directly to you briefly because I think it is you the women who have had the most diabolical lies told to you. How many of you are sitting here now about to cross this stage and are thinking about all the promotions and titles you are going to get in your career. Some of you may go on to lead successful careers in the world, but I would venture to guess that the majority of you are most excited about your marriage and the children you will bring into this world.I can tell you that my beautiful wife Isabelle would be the first to say that her life truly started when she began living her vocation as a wife and as a mother.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Predictably, the media mob honed in on a few out of context sound bites and they spent the week feigning their outrage. Of course, led by that hard-hitting news show and the ladies of `The View". Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I would really encourage him, really encourage him to find the best parts of faith and not diverge into extremist.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And I don't think that this is a political issue. I think he has mother issues. He refers to Taylor Swift as that so and so. What did he say?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: His teammate's girlfriend.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: His teammate's girlfriend, another hugely accomplished woman he has nothing but disdained for because of mommy. So get a therapist.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Here with reaction, he is the host of the hit show "FOX News Saturday Night", even gets me out of bed occasionally late on a Saturday night because I'm a loser and I try to sleep.Anyway, our friend Jimmy Failla is back with us.You know, I like comedians like you. I like Dave Chappelle, for example. I like Chris Rock, for example. I like -- I like all comedians if they're funny. I don't care what they're funny about.I don't get outraged. If you don't like what somebody's saying, oh, you can turn off the TV, turn off a radio dial, turn off a podcast, walk out of a commencement, you don't have to hear it, can't walk out of a classroom. That's a captive audience.I just believe in freedom. Why are -- why are liberals so afraid of freedom and freedom of speech?JIMMY FAILLA, HOST OF "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": Well, to be clear, we are talking about "The View", which is the highest rated show in Guantanamo Bay for a reason, okay? Now that you can't waterboard, you put on Joy and Whoopi, and they're like, I'll confess, I did it.But here is the irony of what we're watching. As you know, this is supposed to be from the tolerance side. But the definition of tolerance is the ability to coexist in the face of something you disagree with. You know this, I know this.The people preaching tolerance are the most intolerant human beings in the world. He didn't say you can have a career. He didn't even say careers are bad. He just said a family life is more fulfilling than a professional life and I would agree with him.And let me be very clear, I have lost a lot of money betting against the Kansas City Chiefs over the years, so I have no reason to support this guy. I've never met Harrison Butker. Sean, the only Chief I've ever met is Elizabeth Warren. That's it.So I have no reason to support him. Thank you, well said.HANNITY: All right. Mr. Failla, we'll be watching tomorrow night, sir. Thank you.More "Hannity" straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNTY: All right. A programming note. The second episode of my new special "Outlaws and Lawmen" out today only on FOX Nation. Episode two, you get to watch the rough justice of Wild Bill Hickok and Wyatt Earp. Take a look.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: I hope you'll check it out, hopefully you have some time this weekend. FOX Nation.Anyway, that's all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime this Friday night, let not your heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great weekend.