SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".Wow, what a news night. Panic is in the air. Biden's poll numbers have never been lower, and prices -- well, sadly, they continue to rise, backbreaking inflation, up 20 percent under Joe Biden and this administration crushing you and your families.Now, America's base -- Biden's base is crumbling. Americans are suffering and you see that African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, younger voters, part of the Democratic coalition, they're leaving Joe Biden and going right to Donald Trump. They're desperately needing to make up ground -- well, Biden has now officially agreed to debate Donald Trump. Hmm, how convenient.In a heavily edited, kind of cringe-worthy video posted on social media -- well, Biden put on a brave face and he did his very, very best tough guy, Dirty Harry impersonation. Never thought I'd see it this bad. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Donald Trump lost two debates to me in 2020. And since then, he hadn't shown up for debate. Now, he's acting like he wants to debate me again. Well, make my day, pal. I'll even do it twice.So let's pick the dates, Donald. I hear your free on Wednesdays.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, I just made my day. Donald Trump has already agreed to three debates today and he wants to do more.Well, not only we can double make your day, Joe, why stop at two? Historically, by the way, it's always been three debates, presidential debates with the exception of 2020, why? Because of COVID.So, Joe, Mr. Make My Day Tough Guy, why not the usual three? Or how about four, or how about one a month until the election?You might have noticed by the way, there were five separate edits in that 13-second video. I don't know, did Joe need assistance every 2.6 seconds? One can wonder.On X, one user compared the video -- this is funny -- to clayma -- to a claymation film. Another said that the jump cuts could cause a seizure. Wow.And as for Biden's generous offer to participate two debates, oh, it came with a ton of conditions, none of them mentioned during his 13-second Dirty Harry tough guy routine.Let's be clear, Joe Biden and the media mob, they don't get to collude and dictate all the terms of the debates but that won't stop Joe and the mob from trying. Now, first, well, Mr. Make My Day Joe is demanding no audience. Apparently, Joe gets easily scared and likely gets disoriented from crowd noise which would be new to him since he never gets a large crowd at any of his events, his short events.Now, two, Biden wants third party candidates and independents banned from the stage, including RFK Jr. Well, as of now, in order to debate, third party candidates, they need to be polling at 15 percent, qualifying enough states to get the Electoral College votes that are needed. But that should be negotiable.Three, Joe wants mike's to be muted after the allotted speaking time expires. So, no back and forth. I guess it's just too confusing for Joe to keep track.Now, I would add that moderators mics, they need to be muted also after a question. Why? Because it's obvious, the liberal media they'd love to be two-on-one versus Donald Trump. No, that can't happen, nor should networks be allowed to put anything on the screen but the names of the candidates because they might try to hurt Donald Trump that way and participate that way. No go.And while we're at it, there should be no notes no teleprompters, Joe. In other words, Joe, you don't get giant cheat -- cheat sheets telling you where to stand and how to say hello and how to say goodbye.Meanwhile, Biden's fourth demand is that he's only willing to debate on certain, only four, liberal Biden friendly news outlets. His choice, ABC, CBS, Telemundo and fake news CNN.In response, well, Trump told FOX News this: I'm ready to go. The dates they proposed are fine, anywhere, anytime, any place. Let's see if Joe can make it to the standup podium.And Trump even agreed to hold the first debate on fake news CNN, a network filled with dishonest left-wing hacks we know who hate them. Now, this includes Dana Bash and fake Jake Tapper who are now tasked they say with moderating the debate.Let me stop right here. I'm sorry, but the media mob and Joe Biden, they -- I'll say it again -- they don't get to collude and choose radical Biden supporting host in the moderator's chair. Nice try, though. That means no fake Jake Tapper. Tapper is a radical left wing partisan talk show host that masquerade as a journalist.Now, fake Jake, let's look at his career. It started as the press secretary for a Pennsylvania Democrat. Then he worked for a D.C. public relations firm and a gun control group named Handgun Control Inc. Tapper even had a stint at the radical far-left publication salon.com before eventually making his way to fake news CNN, where all of a sudden now he wants to be called and considered a journalist.Make no mistake, fake Jake Tapper might be a lot of things, he's no journalist and like everyone else in the media mob, Tapper spent the last several years obsessively hating all things Donald Trump even retweeting a comment from a notorious Trump hater calling Trump, quote, 100 percent insane. Tapper said the tweet is noteworthy.But that's not all, you decide.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN HOST: As we watch Donald Trump attempt to turn his arrest and indictment into some sort of campaign commercial.The folks in the control room, I don't need to see any more of that. He -- this -- he's trying to turn this -- he's trying to turn it into a spectacle into a campaign ad. That's enough of that, we've seen it already.Here he is right now under -- under my voice. You hear him repeating his anti-immigrant rhetoric.President Trump now in quarantine has become a symbol of his own failures.He is running the single most negative sleazy campaign in American history for a major party candidate.If you were to open up a copy of Hitler's "Mein Kampf", you would find the Nazi leader describing the mixing of non-Germans with Germans as poisoning. There's really no other way to say it, Donald Trump's language mirrors this directly.He pushes the government of the United States to use its power and credibility to justify his lies.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Does that sound like a journalist or a talk show host with very liberal leanings?To be clear, Joe Biden will already be debating in friendly territory, with moderators who want him to win. Fake Jake is disqualified and, by the way, the media mob, the Biden campaign alone do not get to collude and decide if Donald Trump is willing to go on a liberal network then everyone must agree on who moderates, not much more, you know, to choose from there but they'll find somebody maybe Dana Bash will be all right, I don't know. Otherwise, Joe will lie with impunity.And while Trump will be forced to debate Biden and the liberal talk show hosts at CNN, stop, take that off the air. Oh, he's lying. Oh, okay. But that's the person you want to moderate?Biden's list of demands will also be in effect and I have no doubt that jacked up Joe will probably returned to the stage after a heavy dose of old caffeine, red bill -- bull or whatever he took before the State of the Union. That was weird, don't expect a walk in the park.Anyway, Biden, the media mob excluding Trump from any input is beyond unfair. It is beyond insulting. They know that Trump and his team won't just bow at their altar and agree to only one-sided terms negotiated likely in secret beforehand. Joe, you know, even announced this thing, they probably were all discussing it, knowing that, oh, well, we just agree. He'll have to do what we say. It's going to be Joe's way or the highway.What he's really trying to do here is ultimately maybe he's really cowering away from any real debate, either take my chosen liberal network with my chosen moderator with all my rules or I'm not going to debate, secretly hoping that Donald Trump insists on basic fairness so they can duck and dodge and cower and hide and say, see, we tried to debate, let's see, the American people, they deserve a fair debate. They deserve three fair debates, at least.Maybe Joe Biden just isn't up to a fair debate. Just this morning, he tripped again as he barely shuffled onto the stage in front of the Capitol. This after last night's disastrous exit after a speech. And earlier this week, he seemingly needed directions, how to get back to the White House after a short speech outside.Nancy Pelosi and the top Democrats are begging Biden, don't debate Trump. He doesn't have a choice. Look at your screen, latest poll "New York Times", Trump up by 12, Nevada, he didn't win Nevada in 2016, or 2020, up by 10 in Georgia, seven in Michigan, seven in Arizona, three in Pennsylvania. If that holds, it is game over for Biden.And according to prominent Democratic strategist, James Carville, I've debated him, actually like him. I don't agree with the thing he says. Joe Biden's in big trouble, everything they're throwing at Trump ain't working. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATREGIST: And Trump's more ahead than he's ever been. It's going the wrong way. It's not working. Everything that we're throwing is spaghetti at a wall and none of it is sticking, me included.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: So far, none of the chief political employees have worked, not the identity politics, not the fear-mongering, not the lying about the economy or the border. The left sloppy lawfare campaign is actually making Trump more popular and you can forget about Biden's policies improving his poll numbers, they have been an unmitigated disaster.So, now, these debates are almost like a Hail Mary for the Biden campaign which is a pretty tough pill to swallow for the White House Press Secretary Karen Jean-Pierre. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: So should we see this sudden offer from the president to debate as a signal that you guys realize you need to change the subject after some really bad polling?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: You know, we went to had a back and forth on polling yesterday. I just don't want to get into polling, any more details on polling. What -- as it relates to the debate, you got to talk to the campaign about it. That is a question for the campaign and I'm sure they are eager -- eager to answer your questions, Peter.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Democrats, Biden are desperate. But this race is far from over, 173 days away. There's nothing the left won't do to win an election. Think about it, they'll even trot out Joe Biden to a debate stage.Before we get to our guests, a quick FOX News alert, by the way, we are monitoring live images from UC-Irvine. Anti-Israel protesters are being arrested. We will small box that and keep you posted as the situation unfolds.Anyway, here now with more on our top story, FOX News contributors Joe Concha and Charlie Hurt.Okay, can we all agree, both Joe and Charlie, that fake Jake is not a journalist. He is a liberal leftist talk show host. I can pull more tape night after night after night to prove it to the country. He has to be off the list, agreed?Joe, we'll start with you.JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Agreed. Jake Tapper has said publicly sean that Trump is a threat to democracy and has a, quote, disdain for democracy. Never says that about Joe Biden for some reason.And as you just showed, Tapper has ordered his own control room to not show Trump speaking live. This is an activist you're looking on your screen, not a journalist and he's a narcissistic performer more than anyone that we can see at that network.Now as for Trump, by calling this bluff, what this shows, Sean, is that Donald Trump is absolutely fearless and he has no fear of Joe Biden whatsoever, especially this version of this 81-year-old president. And it shows panic in the Biden camp, use the word before, it's the accurate word.After seeing more polls as you just showed, key swing states but also Minnesota and Virginia are now a dead heat. No president, Republican has won Minnesota since 1972, no one in the Republican Party has won Virginia since 2004.Now, this first debate will be on CNN as you as we just talked about and that's about as trustworthy as gas station sushi. This is the same network you may recall who shared debate questions with Hillary -- Hillary Clinton in 2016 on two separate occasions. So, given the personal animus, almost everyone at that network has for Trump. I mean, who's to say this isn't going to happen again.This is also the same network, by the way, that ousted its own president last year for the crime of giving Trump a town hall on its air. And that's all thanks to a mutiny among its journalists from within starting with Jake Tapper.But on another front, Sean, we need to watch what topics are chosen for this debate because since the moderators are Tapper and Dana Bash, it is assured we're going to get a heavy dose of January 6th and Trump's legal trials and abortion with a capital A. So I'll leave it here, Sean. The most important issue for voters per Gallup right now are the following: economy, immigration, poor leadership and government, poverty and homelessness and foreign policy.All of these issues are ones that voters see Trump being able to handle particularly the border and economy far better than Joe Biden who won't have scripted remarks and a teleprompter to guide him for 90 minutes regardless of the venue. And we've seen what happens when Joe Biden speaks without a teleprompter. It's cleanups on aisles 5, 18 and 24.HANNITY: Okay, I also would add, Charlie Hurt, that they've go to -- they got to pool these debates whoever is has the debate, by the way -- oops, my flag moved -- whoever has these debates, every -- it should be made available to everybody, this way every network runs it, get the biggest possible audience so that we have a well-informed country before people start voting and go to the polls on November 5th. I -- do you agree with that?And secondly, what about the gall of the media and the mob in the media and Joe Biden thinking they can dictate the -- all the terms only four networks, I decide, I make all the rules, we don't even ask Donald Trump and the networks go along with that? Sorry, that's never happened, that can happen here, and people like fake Jake as Joe pointed out, no, you don't put partisan liberal host to make it two on one.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. Well, one of the great things about Donald Trump is that, you know, for a long time we've seen this kind of stuff from left-wing hacks in the media like Jake Tapper. But the problem for them right now with Donald Trump and the reason they hate Donald Trump so much is because in a debate between Donald Trump and Jake Tapper, Donald Trump wins. Donald Trump has been destroying this media. This is -- that's been his favorite thing to go after for eight years, and it's what has made him such a success in politics is that, you know, he's accustomed to going up against these people who have absolutely filleted every Republican who's ever come along.And Donald Trump's the first guy that comes along and, you know, steps up to him and fights back mano-a-mano and so I -- you know, I agree with everything you say there, but I also have a lot of faith that Donald Trump whoever the moderator is, Donald Trump is going to beat Joe Biden and then is also going to beat the moderator as well and the moderator is going to try to rig this thing in every way they can and we've seen it.What I think is so interesting about this -- you know, I think Joe Biden made this announcement this morning. It was his opening salvo. I think that, you guys are exactly right, that what he's hoping is that that they'll wind up with fewer debates, even fewer debates, but at the most, he'll agree to two.Trump, because he's used to walking into dens of his enemies, just as like, okay, sure, I'll do whatever. But I think that Biden wants to do this early enough so that however catastrophic this thing winds up being for him, it is that -- they're hoping that it'll sort of be forgotten by the time the election rolls around, and that's the other reason why they want to make it virtual. They want to make it virtual because they don't want it to be a dramatic event, so that they're hoping people will forget it sooner.And Joe Biden has proved that he's willing to run campaigns virtually. They're talking about doing a convention.HANNITY: Listen, I like this idea.HURT: Virtually.HANNITY: Earlier before any votes are cast is great and, by the way --HURT: Yeah, I agree with that.HANNITY: -- fake news CNN and ABC get a debate. Fox gets their debate. Trump agreed. Joe, are you afraid of Martha MacCallum and Bret Baier? They deserve a debate.But -- all right, I got to roll guys. Charlie, thank you. Joe, thank you.Here with more, RNC co-chair Lara Trump is with us.I'd say a couple things, Lara. Joe, if he's making the rules, we got to add no notes, no teleprompter, and if they're going to mute anybody that's not speaking, well, after the question is asked, that would mean muting the moderators and these liberal networks are not allowed to put anything written on the screen except the name of the person talking. That's it, because otherwise they will try to put their liberal commentary there, and make it two on one that way.So all of those things have to be worked out, but the fact that your father-in-law has said yes to two liberal networks and FOX, I think is fair.LARA TRUMP, RNC CO-CHAIR: Well, he called their bluff. I mean, in a lot of ways, people probably saw that video which you talked about with 13 seconds long five jump cuts. They probably spent the whole day, Sean, putting that together with Joe Biden with a lot of heavy editing obviously to get that.And I think they thought -- well, we'll put this out there and there's no way that Donald Trump agrees to do this. And he said, yeah, I'll do it because I said anytime anywhere any place. He is unafraid.And so while the scales are always tipped against him. This is not the first time, think back to when Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for the Steele dossier to actually collude with Russia, to influence an election. Think about the former intelligence agents from the CIA who, of course, signed on to the letter to say the Hunter Biden laptop story was fake whenever it was real.The scales have always been tipped against Donald Trump and this year more than ever, with all the lawfare, with all we've seen against him in some crazy way, Sean, they've actually prepared him for this moment because he's not afraid of anything they throw his way.He's not a typical politician. He is not more concerned with protecting his image than he is with speaking directly to the American people. He's blunt. He's honest and he is completely transparent. And that's why the people of this country love him.HANNITY: But, Lara, I agree with all of that.L. TRUMP: So try though they might, to rig this thing, which, Sean, they will, he is going to come out on top because --HANNITY: Here's the thing, they're trying to collude -- oh, the media mob and Joe Biden they dictate all of the conditions, all of the rules and Donald Trump gets no say? Sorry, that's not how it's ever worked and that's not fair Americans will see right through that.Now, it makes me wonder, does Joe -- they know that Donald Trump is going to insist on the simple things like no teleprompter. They're going to insist you can't have somebody's leftwing like a radical leftwing talk show like fake Jake, they know that if they're going to mute the mics, that means -- that would mean the moderators too. They know that they can't put stuff on the screen.So the idea that Donald Trump doesn't get any say on any of this? No, that's never worked like that. It can't work like that. Here's -- it's bad enough he's agreed to go on two liberal networks and then he said FOX. I think FOX will be fair.L. TRUMP: Well, I think you're correct, but you know, we've always also called for what Donald Trump has said is that he wants more debate. So, he said yes, I'll do this one in June, I'll do the one in September , I'll do the one in October, but let's do one in July. Let's do one in August.Let's do one every single month , leading up to this election because, Sean, we need these two men on a stage. We need to be very clear about the direction we want this country to go. We need to hear from Donald Trump about his vision for the future of this country, how he will give this country back to the people, how he'll fix the mess Joe Biden has put us in.And Joe Biden has a lot of questions to answer. So we want to see more of them on a stage, not less. And you're right, it's rigged so heavily in Joe Biden's favor, but everything always is. You've got Hollywood against Donald Trump. You've got the music industry against Donald Trump.Mainstream media, despite that and even the judicial system at this point, he is beating Joe Biden in every poll out there. It's amazing to see.So if Joe Biden shows up on June 27th and doesn't come up with an excuse like he has to wash his hair or something, I have full confidence that Donald Trump will outperform him.HANNITY: And it'll be -- no matter what, even if you cut the so-called moderator's mics, they'll still try to inject themselves. That can't happen if we're going to have a fair debate. The American people deserve a fair debate.But anyway, Lara, it's going to be interesting. We're going to watch this unfold. Joe, we can double make your day. You can have four, how do you like that?Take a look at your screen. Tense situation, Southern California unfolding live. Police moving in on anti-Israel protest at UC-Irvine. We'll bring you updates throughout the hour as we continue.And when we come back, horrific economic data released today. Biden keeps lying about the economy and numbers. Charles Payne, Mike Huckabee, they'll tell you the truth, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Polls not looking good for Joe Biden as we've been telling you tonight. As we mentioned earlier, according to "The New York Times"/Sienna College, he's down nearly in all swing states and for a big reason. That could be the economy.Look at this brand new FOX News poll, 70 percent of respondents saying the economy is either fair or poor, 89 percent of respondents saying grocery store prices are a problem for their family. Nine out of Americans families, 84 percent say the same thing about gas prices, and about 60 percent say they disapprove the way Biden is handling the economy.Unfortunately, everything is still getting more expensive. Inflation data released today showing that goods in April cost 3.4 percent more than they did in April last year. In March, it was 3.5 percent year-over-year. February, 3.2 percent.But Joe Biden has found a new favorite lie, he's now trying to claim falsely that inflation was 9 percent when he took office. Well, actually, it was 1.4 percent back in January 2021, took him about 18 months to hit that high.Since then, Joe Biden's been president a grand total 19 percent inflation, okay? Joe needs to stop lying. Things are so bad, according to a new report, almost one in five credit card users are completely maxed out. That is 20 percent of our country.Even McDonald's trying to lure back customers. They have a $5 meal, it's only possible thanks to a $5 million subsidy from Coca-Cola and it's only going to last a month. That's not going to help long term.Here with reaction, the host of "Making Money" on FOX Business, Charles Payne, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee.Before I get to the economics with Charles, Governor, this is real pain. People vote for peace and prosperity. This is not prosperity, 60 percent of Americans living paycheck to paycheck. You know what? We are better than that, the economy was better under Donald Trump.MIKE HUCKABEE (R), FORMER ARKANSAS GOVERNOR: Every American family understands that.I'm going to say something that's somewhat contrarian to a lot of views. I love McDonald's. I think it's a great company and a great corporation that for years has made eating out affordable for families that couldn't afford to go anywhere else.But McDonald's is struggling because of the cost of beef, the cost of eggs, the cost of bread, the cost of transportation and everything else, and then in California, they bump their wages up to 20 bucks an hour. So what does it do?Well, it's a gut punch to American families that would simply like to go get a Big Mac, some fries and a soft drink. And the fact is, McDonald's has provided a lot of first-time employment opportunities for young people. It's taught them the discipline of work, but they're struggling.Now, watch this, Joe Biden will blame McDonald's and not his own ridiculous management of the economy for everything that's going wrong. He always says, oh, it's these greedy corporations. It's not the greedy corporations. They are trying to help Americans but the reality is Joe Biden has butchered and just completely bungled this economy into oblivion.HANNITY: Unbelievable, sad for people. If you care about people, oh, liberals have a monopoly on compassion, not very compassionate to continue with these horrible policies.They talk about a 45 -- 44 percent capital gains tax. Charles, nobody will invest. Investment will dry up, that means jobs will dry up, prices will then go even higher.Let's get your reaction all these numbers and -- but Biden's been telling us, oh, the economy is great. What are you talking about?CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. Well, you know, listen, not only is the economy not great, but it is 100 percent Joe Biden's fault. Now, we had a little bit of inflation pressure, with the whole supply chain thing, but everything had settled down when they force that $1.9 trillion through ostensibly to help with COVID. The fact of the matter is, they were trying to political ploy of just dumping a bunch of money into the economy.And here's the real deal, that money always gravitates to the top 1 percent.People get it, they go out and spend it. They're supposed to go spend it, that's why the government sends it to them and eventually, the billionaires get even richer, and he can rail all he wants about the billionaires, but President Biden has been the best president in the history of America for wealthy folks. If the rubber barons are around right now, they would erect a statue of him.Now, this inflation thing is hideous because a lot of times in the media, they talk about inflation coming down. It has not come down. The rate of growth has moderated but if you compound it, it is a straight rocket ship straight up and it is crushing Americans. It is crushing the American dream.And we found out yesterday about delinquencies on the rise big time, and hurting young Americans more than anyone else, and certainly home owners, I mean, home makers, right? So people with kids.Today, we got the retail sales number, unmitigated disaster. We have to spend a lot of money at the gas station a lot of money on food, nothing left for anything else. We got this CPI report, it was still too hot. It's still too hot, and it's not going away anytime soon.In the meantime, though, that $2.1 trillion in so-called excess savings from the stimulus program, according to the San Francisco Fed is now minus 72 billion.So, all of that money is gone. It's gone to the rich folks out there, and the only thing that the most Americans have left, maybe a t-shirt that says I survived, I'm still surviving President Biden's generous $1.9 trillion.HANNITY: You know, it really is amazing. Just like he lies about the border, oh, the border is secure, the border's closed for three years. Now, all of a sudden, I -- let's say it's Donald Trump's fault. They lie about that. They lie about the issue of Israel. They stabbed Israel in the back and they surrendered in the war on terror.They lie about the economy. They lie about law, order, safety, security.Governor Huckabee, I never thought it could get this bad. I wrote a book -- I had written one in 10 years, "Live Free or Die: America and the World on the Brink", I'm beginning to feel we're at the on the brink point.HUCKABEE: I think the good news is there going to be some debates. Joe got what he wanted, but he's not going to want what he got. I was on the debate stage with Donald Trump in 2016. Give you a little insight, Donald Trump, doesn't matter what the rules are, doesn't matter who moderates, doesn't matter what network, he wins the debate.He's the Tom Brady of presidential candidates. He's going to find a way to win. Never count him out. He will wipe the floor and America will get to see the contrast between a great president and incompetent one.HANNITY: By the way, can you believe these rules? Governor, the media and Biden think they could dictate all the terms. Can you believe that?HUCKABEE: But it doesn't matter, Trump still wins. They can't beat him. They're going to try, they can't beat him.HANNITY: And like everything else, it'll backfire.Thank you both.Coming up, we're going to tell you something about the Trump trial that you're not going to hear anywhere else as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. A FOX News alert, as you can see on your screen, a tense situation in Southern California right now. Police moving in on anti- Israel protesters at UC-Irvine. We'll bring you updates throughout the hour.But first Trump's sham trial in New York is set to resume tomorrow, as the prosecution's final witness, convicted felon, serial liar Michael Cohen do back on the stand for more cross-examination. But what happens after that, with speculation swirling around how the defense will proceed, a possible witness has emerged in Cohen's former attorney, well, apparently, has waived privilege and his name is Bob Costello, who delivered extremely damning testimony today about his former client Michael Cohen, contradicting much of what Michael Cohen said on the stand this week during a hearing before the House Judiciary Committee Select Subcommittee on the weaponization of the federal government.This was earlier today. Look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT COSTELLO, FOREMR MICHAEL COHEN'S ATTORNEY: And I said to him, I said, Michael, the way this works is, if you have truthful information about Donald Trump that's clearly what they're looking for, I can have all your legal problems solved by the end of the week. His response, I swear to God, Bob, I don't have anything on Donald Trump.He focused on Melania Trump. He said, I didn't want to embarrass Melania Trump. He said that's why I decided to take care of this on my own.I went back to that several times. You did this on your own? On my own. Did Donald Trump have anything to do with it? No.REP. MATT GAETZ (R-FL): Is there a single branch of government that Michael Cohen hasn't lied to?COSTELLO: Gee, I think there isn't.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Here with reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz.Professor, they still have Michael Cohen for cross-examination, that testimony, Bob Costello to me was blockbuster, totally contradicts everything Michael Cohen said, and apparently he gave a waiver on attorney client privilege.My question to you is, what should they do on cross, should they call Costello in light of today and what other witnesses would you call? How would you handle the rest of this case if you're Donald Trump's attorney?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS: Well, the most important witness in the case other than Costello if he's called is the one that no body will hear from and that is Allen Weisselberg. He almost certainly contradicts what Cohen has said. That's why the government won't call him.The government could easily call him. They could give him immunity. They can grab him from jail and put him on the witness stand, and he's, you know, 15 minutes away.And the key point in the case is going to be the missing witness instruction. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, what does the government have to hide? Why aren't they putting Allen Weisselberg on the witness stand?And then I would ask Cohen, did you have any discussions with the prosecution about Weisselberg? Did you tell them that he could either corroborate or contradict your testimony? Did they tell you why they aren't putting him on the witness stand? He is the key.So the two witnesses we haven't heard from yet, Costello and Weisselberg are I think key --HANNITY: Costello was on the prosecution's witness list, does that matter?DERSHOWITZ: It doesn't matter that he's on the list. It means that if they do call him, there can't be any objection. Obviously, there's been a waiver of the privilege. We've heard testimony obviously that is also privileged from Cohen about conversations he had with his client Trump.So I think that if Costello was called and if he contradicts what Cohen says, that'll be critical and if they can get a missing witness instruction from the judge about Allen Weisselberg, that will be critical because it will allow the defense to argue in closing argument, what do they have to hide? This is a Brady violation.If they think that they have a witness who will contradict Cohen and they're withholding him somehow, that is a violation of the Constitution. So I think these are a lot of openings for the defense that they will probably exploit.HANNITY: What else should they be doing on cross-examination of Cohen? Should the defense call Costello and will that be allowed? I would think in light of today's testimony before Congress, it has to be. What other the witnesses should be called in your view and how should they handle the rest of this case, Gregg Jarrett?GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, I think it's only Costello. You know, I learned a long time ago the hard way when you're winning a trial sit down shut up and don't call any witnesses. Having said that, this is liberal New York. So the calculation is different, it's tantalizing to call Costello to the stand, Sean, because, you know, as he told the congressional committee today, Cohen's lying to the jury about Trump.Cohen told his lawyer, I swear I don't have anything on Donald Trump. I took care of Stormy Daniels all on my own, my idea. Trump had nothing to do with it. That is the opposite of what the jury heard from Michael Cohen. And he also told his lawyer that Trump's only concern was protecting his wife, not his campaign, again the opposite of what the jury is hearing from Cohen.And understand those are the two crucial issues in the case and Costello says his former client is brazenly lying about both of them.You know, of course, prosecutors know Cohen is lying. They want him to lie. They are so desperate --HANNITY: Let me ask this --JARRETT: -- to wrongfully convict Donald Trump, they're willing to suborn perjury to do it. My question is, who's going to prosecute the prosecutors?HANNITY: I want to know how much time they spend preparing Michael Cohen and what did they talk about? Should there be expert -- and I don't have a lot of time, should there be expert witnesses, somebody that will explain the law and the up-charging from a misdemeanor whose statute of limitations have run out?Quickly, Professor --JARRETT: Yeah, but then you invite the prosecutors to call their own expert witnesses in rebuttal and that opens a whole can of worms. I'd call Costello maybe Weisselberg but that's it nobody else.HANNITY: The professor, last word.DERSHOWITZ: I would call expert witnesses because the judge won't let them call the expert witnesses, because he'll say, I'm the expert on the law, not any expert witnesses and that will raise a good appellate issue.So I would try to call them with full confidence that the judge would not admit it.HANNITY: He's the only -- the only thing I think he's really an expert at is donating to Biden and not recusing himself.Thank you both.When we come back, Biden losing support from key demographics and the campaign is in a panic, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: We know the Biden campaign is in panic mode after the latest "New York Times"/Sienna poll had Biden down among key demographics that helped him in 2020. Biden is polling at 63 percent among African-Americans compared to 87 percent that supported him in 2020, wow.Donald Trump is at 23 percent among African-Americans, the highest level of African-American support or Republican candidate has had since 1964. And today, "Politico" pointed out that the rest of Joe Biden's week is jam- packed with events aimed at this specific demographic, starting with interviews with Black journalists in Milwaukee, Atlanta, then meeting with plaintiffs from Brown versus Board of Education in that case, then remarks at the NAACP event.By the way, among Hispanics, they are now tied, Trump and Biden. A massive turnaround.Here with reaction, Congressman Wesley Hunt, Project 21 chair Horace Cooper.Congressman, let's talk about these demographics and, you know, I find it interesting that the guy Joe Biden that referred to the former Klansman Robert Byrd as his friend and his mentor, former Ku Klux Klan poobah, the guy that he partnered with to stop busing and the integration of our schools. He said -- Joe Biden said he didn't want schools to be racial jungles.How come he's never been held to account on that? How come he'll meet with these groups and nobody will probably ask that question?REP. WESLEY HUNT (R-TX): Well, not only that. Let's talk about the '94 crime bill that he authored. Let's talk about him saying, if you don't vote for me, then you ain't Black. Let's talk about back in 2019 when Kamala Harris, his current vice president, literally called him a racist on stage.And what we are now seeing in the country is Black men, Black people but Black men specifically are looking back on that and we didn't forget it. We are remembering it.And also, let's keep in mind, if I said this once, Sean, I said it a thousand times, Black issues are American issues. This is about the economy and it's reflecting in those numbers. And if the Democrat Party cannot get at least 25 percent, at least 35 percent of the Black male vote, and if Donald Trump is able to get 25 or more percent of the Black male vote, this is not a conversation.And the issue for Joe Biden it's actually not his campaign. It's his poor policies for the last four years. We had it good under President Trump. Now, it's bad and now we want it good -- excuse me, now we want it great again and that's what these numbers reflect.HANNITY: All right. Let's get your reaction, Horace.HORACE COOPER, PROJECT 21 CHAIRMAN: Well, I'm not surprised by these numbers. In fact, in my latest book called "Put Y'all Back in Chains: How Joe Biden's Policies Hurt Black Americans", I predicted that we were going to see a rejection of Joe Biden's policies, this whole destruction of the economy.Under the Trump administration, Black Americans saw gains that we had not seen in generations. But here is what was so exceptional, like during the Reagan years, it didn't matter whether you were black or white, America improved.The thing under Trump was that Black Americans grew at a faster rate economically. Black Americans per capita bought more homes during the Trump period. Under the Biden administration, guess what? It's time to meet the repo man to take that new truck that you bought under the Trump administration to foreclose you from your home.Black Americans are wondering, is the fix in? If you work blue collar jobs, a lot of Americans work blue collar jobs, but more Black men do per capita than the rest of America, if you unload and open the wall and just allow an unlimited number of illegal migrants, you are guaranteeing that those working class Americans will not be able to compete.And let's not even talk about trying to take your kids to the McDonald's. This administration has created an inflation that just destroys any household who makes under $50,000. That's not fair. That's not just. And that's why Black Americans are signaling they're not going to take it anymore.HANNITY: Congressman, last 20 seconds.HUNT: This is about the economy. This is about the border and this is about our safety. And like I said, Black issues are American issues, and we have woken up to what's going on in this country and we want our country back.This is a country that I fought for, and I know that come November 5th of 2024, President Trump will restore what America deserves and what we are all about, and that's what Black America wants.HANNITY: The media mob needs to hold Joe accountable for his racial jungles comment and partnership with the former Klansman.Thank you both.More "Hannity" next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. A quick programming note, by the way, thank you for making on FOX Nation, my new special, "Outlaws and Lawmen" number one for eight straight days.Anyway, they have now released episode two. It follows the life of Wild Bill Hickok and his rough justice and Wyatt Earp.That's all the time we have. Set your DVR. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg will put a smile on your face. Thanks for being with us.