SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good to be with you all. And you can catch me weekdays on "AMERICA REPORTS" at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time. Thanks so much and for Neil, I'll see you tomorrow.For now, here is THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Katie Pavlich and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.The fixer turned foe, Michael Cohen finally taking the stand at Alvin Bragg's hush money trial against Donald Trump. The radical D.A. putting all of his chips in the testimony of a disgraced, disbarred, serial perjurer and convicted felon who was behind prison walls for 13 months.Today, the jury got to hear from a desperate and duplicitous man longing for Trump's approval and affirmation and would do anything for it. Including taking out a home equity line of credit to take care of a situation for his boss and secretly recording Donald Trump without his knowledge. Still no evidence of a crime yet. And Trump's still gagged and unable to respond to his former attorney, but he had this to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Everybody says there's no crime. The Soros backed D.A. Bragg who turned down the case.By the way, he turned down the case. And it could have been brought six years ago, seven years ago, almost eight years ago. They bring it right in the middle of my presidential campaign.There's no fraud here. There's no crime here. This is four weeks of keeping me from not campaigning.The whole world is laughing now at the New York weaponized legal system.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Trump's lawyers haven't gotten the chance yet to dunk on Cohen's credibility, but they'll have plenty of material to work with, since Michael Cohen's about as sincere as people who say they like Greg's sweaters.Last month, Cohen said he would cease posting anything about Trump during the trial. Then he goes on TikTok to trash him, wearing a shirt that shows the former president behind bars in an orange jumpsuit, and in handcuffs.Cohen's also trying to cash in by shopping this reality show called The Fixer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER ATTORNEY FOR DONALD TRUMP: My name is Michael Cohen. And for years, I was the personal lawyer for a notoriously bad man.Since then, I've been on a journey of redemption, working to set things right. But now I'm paying it forward, wielding the tools that I've learned for regular people in trouble. The little guy doesn't usually have access to people with my particular set of skills.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, Greg, you're laughing the hardest, you get to go first.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That was amazing to see him do that. I'm very shiny by the way. I don't know what's going on here. It looks like I just went for a big run. It's hard to poke -- it does. I'm sorry.But it's hard to poke holes in Cohen's testimony, because it's all holes and no cheese. It's just air and I'm calling his show The Fixer. What has he fixed?I mean, he couldn't fix the parking ticket. Look what he -- look at his career right now. It's like Jesse pitching a show on humility. Should we call him the rat, because he looks like a rat.Here, this is a lesson in lawfare. Where am I looking? Over here? It is a lesson in lawfare. Once they set their sights on a target, it's just like regular warfare, meaning they end up acting worse, and doing more terrible things and aligning yourself with more despicable rotten people that the actual person that you are targeting.So, you ask yourself, what's worse, Trump taking the lawyer's advice on an expense, or what the prosecutors are doing, which are using the felon who created the legal expense to imprison the defendant in a weird way?They don't know it, but they're prosecuting Michael Cohen right now instead of Trump. But you know what I call this? This is the queer for Palestine moment. You know, those activists that hate Jews so much they ally with people who would happily exterminate them?Here, it's the court, the legal profession, Democrats, media allying with an obvious criminal and felon to take down Trump, never mind that we'll ever stain everybody that's involved in this because you couldn't pick better witnesses on behalf of Trump. There's no -- no one can take this guy seriously. Even the guy that draws him is having problem.Also, one last thing, it's amazing how the media calls Cohen's testimony at times bombshells. Oh, this is a bombshell when he brought up Melania. That was a conversation not recorded between this liar and Trump.So, A, shouldn't the bombshell be that they're talking about a privileged conversation between the lawyer and client? And B, you don't even know if it's true. Why are you reporting on it? They can't even explain the crime.WATTERS: So, this is following up the last star witness who was a woman who gets paid to have sex with men on television, Katie?KATIE PAVLICH FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I'm aware. Thank you.WATTERS: OK. And she had sex on the camera for money, Katie?PAVLICH: Well, I don't need you to explain any further. And Dana is not here to hold your hands. So, maybe I should step in for her to do that.WATTERS: I'm in trouble.PAVLICH: But if you look at the testimony from today, there's not a lot of new that Michael Cohen is able to produce to the jury, not to mention reporters who are talking about this because we can't televise it.But coming into today, not a single witness has anything good to say about Michael Cohen. And then when you start hearing that he secretly recorded his client, who was Donald Trump that just goes into his bucket of credibility as negative when it comes to someone that he is trustworthy.If you're supposed to have attorney-client privilege, being able to trust your attorney, and then you secretly record them, so you can then use it against them later. That's something I think most people say is a red flag for them.And I'm just surprised now that they've had Cohen testify who went to prison for fraud, Stormy Daniels, who owes Donald Trump hundreds of thousands of dollars in a defamation case, I'm surprised they didn't bring out Michael Avenatti, who's serving prison for extorting Nike, given how much the media and left upheld him as the one guy who can bring down Trump. And that's what they've been hoping for this week with Michael Cohen, we'll see if the jury buys it.WATTERS: When do they teach you in law school, Harold, because I probably didn't go to law school that you should secretly record your client?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I never took that class. It's good to be back around this new table.The -- I would agree with a lot that's been said. I think Greg makes probably the most interesting point legal, and I'll be interested to hear the Judge's reaction.The same set of facts, it seems like Mr. Cohen was tried on years ago or while back, there's retrying him with the target now being President Trump, which I think is interesting.Two, it is not lost upon me. I heard a number of legal scholars today who were on different networks in our own network commenting about the taping of the conversation.There's no -- there's no doubt there's sometimes lawyers believe that they need to have something on record that their client may be saying or may be thinking about or may be posing to do, but you never tape them. You may have a witness with you, you may write it down yourself. But it is bizarre, if not illegal to tape your client and then be able to play it back. I found that really odd.The flip side of it, the evidentiary path that they're trying to establish here with Cohen, around whether or not these payments were made, or what the motivation were for the payments.I didn't see all of it, I saw a lot of the transcripts, I should say not transcript. I saw a lot of the -- what was being written about, the reporting we have from the -- from the courtroom.And this is only direct, it seems like Cohen checks some of the boxes that the prosecutors might have wanted him to check in terms of establishing a motivation. I've not yet seen where Mr. Trump was in on all of this, in terms of directing and all but I guess some of the -- we'll have some more of that testimony later.But as the Judge and I think -- I think I can quote the Judge. And this we thought pivotal last week and dispositive. And Judge Greg gave us a great definition of dispositive last week, is, is he convincing being Cohen? He is the key here. And if that jury believes him on two fronts, one that the reason that the president paid this money was because of the campaign advancement. And two, that he was in on all of it, then the jury is going to have you understand now while the prosecution think there's something for the jury to answer.But all of this is really not fair for the president at this moment until the cross-examination happens. And as we shared last week with some of the credibility challenges that have already been presented about Mr. Cohen, the cross-examination will certainly be interesting and incredibly intense.WATTERS: All right, Judge, take us through what happened today. But beforehand, please tell us what dispositive means.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: I don't know. Let me tell you something determinative. Obviously, Michael Cohen is a man with a cause. He is a man without a company. He is a man without a law license. He is the man without a job. And he is a man who was desperate.So, he needs a conviction. He needs for people to believe him in order to survive, because Michael Cohen has destroyed himself in all of this. The only way he goes forward in life is if he helps convict Donald Trump.The amazing part of this is in order to do that, he will do whatever is necessary. So, let's talk about the table being set here. The table is set. Michael Cohen comes in as the boy, the fixer, the guy who breaks things. That's why they need fixing. He comes in, "as a jerk", self-centered, a guy who's hated and a guy who is screaming at people, prone to exaggeration, hostile and throws a barrage of insults. That is what we've heard on the people's direct case.What we know about Donald Trump from people who've worked for him is that it was fantastic working for him. That's a quote, that he was a really good boss, that he was a multi-tasker, that he was a hard worker, that it was great working for him. So, that's your table.Now, you've got the main witness as Michael Cohen, the hated guy going into this trial. This guy is so corrupt. He is not just a convicted felon, he is a convicted liar and a convicted perjurer. That is the essence of incredible, he should have a sign on his forehead that reads, liar. All right, because we have defendants who go into court that we cross-examine them as felons. But you are per se unbelievable when you're convicted of perjury.Now, let's continue with this. He's incredible as a matter of law, he's a guy who goes in, lies to the bank, lies what he puts on the bank statement. The purpose of the LLC says is to retain her, Trump signed nothing. He has not put a finger on Donald Trump, it's just like Stormy Daniels. He hates Donald Trump. Stormy hates Donald Trump.And so, at the end of the day, the question is, if there's a conversation between Allen Weisselberg and Michael Cohen, what does that have to do with Donald Trump if Donald Trump didn't sign anything or was not part of the conversation?And I'll tell you another motivation for Michael Cohen who lie and trying to destroy Donald Trump. What a bigger insult is it to work for Donald Trump as his fixer as Michael called himself, then to not be invited into the White House? Do you know in Manhattan with all his friends, he says, I'm going to the White House, Donald is the president, I'm probably going to be his counsel, is this, is that. Donald Trump knew not to invite him. Donald Trump knew not to make him part of the team. Donald Trump knew exactly what he was.And finally, this is a one-on-one people are talking about, you believe one or the other. There's so wrong on that. This is not a one-on-one. There is no obligation on the part of the defense to present any kind of statement whatsoever. The burden of proof is on the people beyond a reasonable doubt. The defendant you cannot infer or anything if the defendant chooses not to testify.And finally, who's in the courtroom today? Alvin Bragg again, squeezing into one of those pews because he knows his career is over. He knows his case is a loser. He knows that he's weak as this jury looks in terms of a jury that is going to stand up and say we don't believe this. They know they've got nothing. Nobody's put a finger on Donald Trump.And finally, to put the nail on the coffin for Michael Cohen, how dare -- how dare you tape record a client? That is an ethical violation, and that is an attorney client violation.And by the way, what you recorded is meaningless. It's not even a crime. You're stupid too.WATTERS: And finally.PIRRO: And that's the end of it.FORD JR.: (INAUDIBLE) cheesecake.WATTERS: All right, up next, Donald Trump gets a rockstar reception in a blue state, while sleepy Joe gets clobbered in the polls.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAVLICH: From the trial to the trail, Donald Trump firing up a massive crowd of up to 100,000 people in deep blue New Jersey.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Officially play in the state of New Jersey, we're going to win the state of New Jersey. You could take the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country, add them up, that we haven't done the damage to our country that this total moron has done.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAVLICH: And with the election less than six months away, Trump is clobbering Joe Biden in five key battleground swing states among likely voters, all which Biden won in 2020 including a double-digit lead in Georgia and Nevada, so is the writing on the wall.One of the president's favorite commentators CNN's Fareed Zakaria seems to think so.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAREED ZAKARIA, CNN HOST: I have to admit, none of this is playing out as I thought it would. Trend lines are not working in Biden's favor. He needs to do something bold and dramatic to seize the initiative.JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Trump's more ahead than he's ever been. Everything that we're throwing is spaghetti at a wall. And none of it is sticking. What we're doing is really, really not working.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAVLICH: So, e have an expert here on the Jersey Shore and that would be Jesse Watters. And Jesse, it used to be gym, tan, laundry, and now it's gym, Trump, laundry, it appears.WATTERS: GTL for real. So, Johnny was there, you'll see that tonight. And he said it wasn't 100,000, he said it was closer to 30,000. That's still a packed venue. And that's still I would say 29,500 more than Joe's ever had.And he did promise that if he was reelected to terminate the windmills that are pop marking the Jersey Shore and save the whales, so that's a twofer.I like the new nickname, moron Joe. Sleepy was good, but it wasn't effective enough. If you have one side, calling you a Nazi genocidal dictator, and he just says you're a moron. I think that sticks. The guy's opening up the border, he's breaking the bank, he doesn't know where he is when he leaves the stage. Moron Joe is going to land and I can feel it.Now, if you look at these polls, the Rust Belts out of reach if these numbers stick, Nevada, double digits, and Arizona, and then Georgia because of Laken Riley and Fani Willis, that's gone.So, that just makes it a battle for the Rust Belt. And so Trump only needs one. He only needs one. And it looks like the whites are going to come back home. Because he lost a little white. He lost some of that white vote that he had with Hillary. Some of those whites, you know, persnickety, they convey they went to Joe Biden in 2020. The whites are coming home in the Rust Belt, but he's -- I'm going to call it diversity is really increasing because of the young and the black and the Hispanic, it was a 12 percent diversity coalition last time, it's up to 19 percent diversity, Katie, and that's all economic opportunity. You just don't have it. You can't buy a house. There's no way to get off your parents couch.And so, these feelings are entrenched. There's never been a position where a candidate at this point in May has been down every single battleground and ever come back. The only candidate to do that was Donald Trump.PAVLICH: There you go.So, Judge, it seems like the Trump campaign and Donald Trump wants to expand the map. They're willing to go into New Jersey, there's talk about him going into New York, there's also thought that he could win Virginia, if it plays his cards correctly.So, are Democrats trying to play catch up? And why are they also not nervous about Joe Biden being down by so much in the polls?PIRRO: Well, they are nervous, they are nervous and they know. I mean, who's the one that just said, Fareed Zakaria said, it's got to be a bold and dramatic move to seize the initiative or whatever.He's never done anything bold and dramatic for the last 3.5 years. I don't know what makes him think he can do it now.But you know what I think is significant is that Trump and Biden are essentially tied among 18 to 29-year-old, tied and Hispanic voters. Um, but more than that, I think that this trial, if you put the A block and the B blocks together, I think that three things -- one of three things are happening at number one, either people don't care about the trial, or people don't believe that Donald Trump is guilty, or people are totally offended by the concept of one party bringing a criminal charge against a man who's a former president running for president. And I think that's going to affect American history.And I think to all Americans, it's somehow offensive to us to be in this situation where you're literally putting a man on trial in a criminal case, while he is running for president. It's just so -- it's so odd down tastes worthy. It's so inappropriate. It just stings Americans.And so, I think that that has a lot to do with it.Now, Joe Biden apparently is planning on bringing out all the celebrities now. He's going to bring out Clooney and Eva Longoria and Julia Roberts. Well, none of these celebrities helped Hillary Clinton when she ran against Trump. And so, when you get a blue state like New Jersey, and I don't know if it's 30,000, or 100,000, which is what I'm reading in the reports, whatever it is, you've got a guy on trial who's showing up, and people are showing up like crazy, bigger than we've ever seen, a wildwood (ph), that's what they said for sure.So, I think that in the -- in the end of all this, the swing states are going to stay deeply by Trump against Biden, especially for all the reasons you just said, Jesse.PAVLICH: So, Harold, you know, Trump is the king of rallies and showmanship, but Democrats are the Olympians of voters, and they plan to be ahead by millions of votes ahead of Election Day for Biden.So, is that a good thing for Democrats when it comes to these polls?FORD JR.: I think it's a good thing for the -- first of all, these polls, you have to take very seriously, they're five months out. But this is a snapshot of where the country is and where five or six really important states are, I was -- I was moved -- interesting to me to see that in Georgia and Nevada, the press -- former President Trump is at 50.In polls, if you're incumbent and you're below 50 against your opponent. It's always a challenge. And you look at the poll and see if someone's at 50. That's always telling.Now, we're five months out. And we'll have to see what happens. If I'm Biden in the team. I do -- I take the alarm that the Carville and others have been sharing, it's time to change some things, because what's happening is frankly, not working. That doesn't mean that you're not right, that you don't care, that the things you're campaigning on right now are not things that Americans need and Americans want. But it's not working with voters.I'd get to the border, out and out for executive orders at the border and then call on Republicans to pass the compromise bill and say President Trump released the Republicans and let them do it.Mike Johnson, you did the right thing on Israel. You did the right thing on China and Russia and battling back at them with the -- with the foreign aid bill. Do that Mr. President, go and acknowledge gas prices are high, grocery prices are high. Talk about the investments we're making as a country and the tariffs you're going to put on China, use that money to bring down our debt. And use that money to ensure that we're able to -- that we're able to fight at our border.You've got to be different and you got to meet people where they are, the polling data that shows us down also shows what's on voter's minds. And if we're not attuned to it, if we're not committed to and invested in that, then we're going to lose.The only good thing about this poll right now is we've got five months to deal with it. But we're not -- you can't deal with it seriously, if you're not serious about what the numbers say.PAVLICH: Sounds like advice, Greg, for Biden to be moderate Joe, like he was the first time around.GUTFELD: It's too late, though. Joe is beating Trump in one state, confusion. By the way, it's good to see Harold starting to panic, right? That's what you did. That's like --FORD JR.: I'm just trying to light them up a little bit here --GUTFELD: You're starting to worry and I like that.FORD JR.: I've said that for a while.GUTFELD: Shiny Greg has a point. I think you're starting to see the realization that things aren't going well. You're seeing the doubts in the media. Fareed Zakaria, the frantic stare -- the frantic stares in the media, the blame throwing, they're like on a lifeboat that's run out of food, and they're starting to eye each other suspiciously. And yet, they're so close to land. Yet that land is called MAGA country.But their egos -- their egos won't let them swim to shore. They'd rather go down in the boat, never end the Never Trump ocean and find joy and pleasure in MAGA country.Carville said they were throwing everything at Trump. Not true. They haven't actually tried to persuade voters with policy or anything. So far, it's just been apocalyptic hysteria and unconstitutional law fair.So, everything they've actually tried is the reason why you had 100,000 people in New Jersey, Jesse.WATTERS: I'll re-check the numbers.GUTFELD: Where CNN called it just a few insurrectionists.That was -- that's a reaction to what Americans are seeing right now, which is un-American. What scares me though, is that when you see these Trump polls and you see these rallies, I'm worried about what we don't see. What are the Democrats cooking up with the votes, legal or illegal.Judging by your ears or your eyes, this election should not even be close. So, the Dems have two options. One, accept the outcome, be comforted by the fact that you got one Biden term, a deal with a dementia-ridden devil, or resort to electoral dirty tricks. And that's why we need the utmost transparency because I fear the Dems will go the second route, although I have very little evidence on that, but that hasn't stopped me before.PAVLICH: They haven't done any of that.GUTFELD: No, never. Not at all.PAVLICH: Never.FORD JR.: We've won the last election.GUTFELD: Won.WATTERS: We have to win so big you can't rig.GUTFELD: Yes. Win so big you can't rig. Good job, Jesse.WATTERS: You're welcome.PAVLICH: He took that from Trump.FORD JR.: (INAUDIBLE) get with W.PAVLICH: OK, we're going to move on. What's the deal with these pro-Hamas morons? Anti-Israel agitators walk out of Jerry Seinfeld's commencement speech.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: The pro-Hamas lunatics out in full force to disrupt this weekend's graduation celebrations. Anti-Israel agitators walking out of Jerry Seinfeld's commencement speech at Duke University with some of the crazies chanting free Palestine.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Free, free Palestine!STUDENTS: Jerry! Jerry! Jerry!(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And that wasn't the only hinged weekend walkout. Columbia University grads were wearing zip ties and one woman ripped up her diploma on stage. You know what? I'll go with the last one, ripping up your diploma on stage, Jesse. Do you think that she should have ripped up a resume as well because she doesn't have a chance of getting a job?WATTERS: Alvin Bragg will probably hire her. So, graduation is just as much as it is about the students as it is about the parents. Dad has been saving for years. He's been pinching pennies. He wasn't able to get the hot rod that he wanted. But now the tuition is paid for, he wants to take a photo, have lunch, and have a drink. He doesn't want to have to explain to the grandparents why Lizzy just walked off. They think Lizzy didn't even get a diploma. It's very confusing.So, if I were to give anybody advice, I would say do your little Hamas thing when you accept the diploma. They hand it to you, you go free Palestine, and you walk off. You just left Seinfeld. You don't get to hear what Jerry Seinfeld's advice was. This guy was the biggest star of the 90s besides Greg.GUTFELD: Thank you.WATTERS: It was a star at Men's Health, less shiny but still gleaming. This guy, he's wealthy, he has a young wife, he's a celebrity. Don't you want to learn from someone like that? And so, what he did was he goes, the key to life is hard work, relationships, and exercise. And he's right. I would only add one thing, food.I'm reading this book about inflammation, Judge. I'll give it to you afterwards. It is just astounding.FORD JR.: Which one?PIRRO: Oh, thanks for that.WATTERS: No, not you personally, but we could all use better diets. But it's like they were choosing ignorance. And anybody knows you never choose ignorance, you just stumble upon it like me sometimes.PIRRO: OK, Katie -- thank you, by the way. I'll take the book. Katie, you know, Duke University was very different from the kids at Colombia. I mean, what do you attribute the difference to? I mean, is it -- you know, Colombia, they stormed the administration building. And Duke is totally different. A few mal-contents walk out but they pretty much are yelling Jerry, Jerry. So, what's it about?PAVLICH: Yes, consequences for actions maybe. Consequences for actions, geography. Columbia is in New York City, Duke is in North Carolina. You know, Jerry Seinfeld is someone who stopped going to college campuses a long time ago to do standup because it just would be like this.But the facts are that the majority of students around the country don't believe in this pro-Hamas, pro-terrorism ideology that's ruining things for everybody else because they believe in Western society, creativity, the First Amendment, keeping their heads, women's rights, those types of things.And to Jesse's point, for them to walk out and not want to listen and learn from someone who has had a very successful career and life in America, too bad for them. And they are -- it just represents the larger liberal ideology of ripping things down constantly instead of, you know, building them up whether it's ripping apart your diploma or, you know, destroying the commencement speech for everybody else.And know, for Jerry Seinfeld to get protested, he's an American so it's really more about antisemitism than it is about anti-Israel protesting.PIRRO: You know, Harold, this Sunday, Biden is giving a speech at Morehouse which is --FORD JR.: Historic Black college in Atlanta and middle school.PIRRO: Yes. And apparently some of the students are not happy already and one saying generally the feeling on the ground is we don't want him here. We're obviously being used to score political points.FORD JR.: You know, I think one of the great problems in education in our society today whether it's education in the school or what we like to do with our kids is a really unfortunate trend where we are encouraging people to only want to be around easy tables in life. One of the reasons I love being around this table, the night you all have me, is that the conversation is always stimulating. It sometimes can be a little combative, can be a little disagreeable, but we all have a healthy conversation and I walk away from it having learned, and I hope I impart something that may make people think.Listening to these kids -- I listened to what you said. He is successful, but even if he wasn't, and you didn't mean it this way, you -- nor Katie, even if he wasn't successful, the man has been -- has accomplished something in life and he's lived his life. He's had the ups and downs. He's had more ups than he had -- has had downs. He didn't talk politics in his speech. He said -- in addition to what you said, Jesse, he said find something where you love the good parts and don't mind the bad parts too much.Now, he's a comedian. He loves to sort of make fun of things and give a little satire to what he's trying to say, but I hope the kids took that at heart. Now, for those that walked out, I hope they actually learn how to protest. They walk out, Greg, and say to your point -- you made the point earlier about the Hamas that those who are LGBQT hate Israel so much they'd rather be with people who might kill them if they were align with them. But I didn't hear them say Hamas, take the deal for ceasefire. Free the Israeli and American hostages. America we think you should do differently. There -- this is them talking but all they did was free Palestine and walk out.I don't think we teach kids, we're not teaching Americans, we're not teaching citizens how you protest. And frankly, worst off, we're not teaching people how to be around hard tables. Because hard tables can be fun, they can be interesting, they can be uplifting. And at the end of the day, you can push everybody forward and get the higher ground. So, thank you Jerry Seinfeld for standing up, being there, and even speaking when those kids walked out.PIRRO: Greg, UNC Chapel Hill, they are now moving to divert DEI funds to police and public safety. These are the kids who fought for the American flag and held it up.GUTFELD: Typical historic White college. You don't ever hear that. I think, you know, it's funny. It all -- it all comes down to what Harold said, fun. Seinfeld is fun. And the people that you see on the other part of this equation hate fun. That woman that tore up her diploma, that was a diploma for social work, you know.PIRRO: Yes, that's right.GUTFELD: You -- it would have been more of a travesty if she tore up like one of those paper placemat menus from IHOP because that's what it's worth. Seinfeld makes a really good point about privilege in his speech. He says, yes, I came from a place of privilege but so do you, guys. You're graduating from Duke.I want to add to that and say like, yes, you should use your privilege. But if you don't, fine, be a loser. No one is telling you to use it, no one's telling you not to use it except you. If you're rejecting the idea of privilege, then you need to reject your diploma. You should reject -- you shouldn't put Duke on your resume because that's privilege. You should take a vow of poverty. Anything that's related to your privilege you should reject because everything you do in life is related to your privilege.A lot of people who say they don't have privilege have more privilege than they're willing to let on. On the whole though, when you look at the numbers was what, like, 40 people?FORD JR.: Not many.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: You're seeing the literal example of the radical math. It's just a few idiots, but they pretend to be more imposing whether on social media or by having group -- far-left groups sponsoring them. And that should be a message to the colleges and to the Democrat Party, why are you so scared of a tiny faction? Why are you held hostage by the nuttiest people in your party, or even outside your party? I mean, they're afraid of these people.Maybe it's because they fear their antisemitic slip is showing. I don't know. But like you look at -- you go like why -- you know what? The right wing has zanies. They do. But they bubble up from the bottom. You know, the QAnons from Reddit. But the Democrats, they come from above. You know, they come from the professors. They come from the media. They come from these -- you know, these weird organizations.PAVLICH: The White House.GUTFELD: The White House, yes, that one. Anyway, that's enough out of me.PIRRO: Coming up, even Hollywood stars aren't safe in Liberal cities. Actor Steve Buscemi was punched by a maniac.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Actor Steve Buscemi is recovering after a stranger randomly punched him in the face in New York leaving him with a black eye and a swollen chin. He says he's doing OK though, but he's "incredibly sad for everyone that this has to happened to him while also walking the streets of New York." Cops are still looking for his attack or and releasing this photo of the suspect.Greg, we talk about this all the time. I love this guy. It's happened to him, it's happened to a lot of New Yorkers. What's your take on this?GUTFELD: Well, first, he's a good guy but that really shouldn't matter because, you know, it's in the news because he's famous but there are stories from -- out of New York in the last couple weeks that are so repulsive that we can't even cover. There was a brutal rape where a guy lassoed a woman and pulled her behind two cars and raped her unconscious body. That was actually on video but no one can show it unlike, of course, the George Floyd thing that we showed a thousand times.People would keep saying the crime is down but we now know that the crimes are not being reported to the Feds for tabulation. And the victims, seeing how quickly the perpetrators are released, will not press charges for fear that they will get paid a visit by the person they press charges from, so they decide I'll take my chances since the law enforcement can't do anything.Everybody -- you know, I have family in town. Every visitor to New York gets the talk now. It's like one, stay off your phone when you're on the street, be situationally aware. Two, if you're taking the subway, stand in the back. Don't try to board until the train all the way gets there and stops and pulled up to enter. Do not go in if you feel unsafe. And the last one is, in New York, 11:00 p.m. is the new 2:00 a.m.We're actually doing self-imposed curfews, you know. You can't walk around alone. If you're in the East Village, West Village, you got to always look around. It's a shame but that's why we are.FORD JR.: Judge?PIRRO: Well, first of all, anyone who punches Tony Soprano's cousin in the face is looking for the death penalty. But look, there is no law and order in New York anymore. Let's just come to grips with it. And the reason that there's no law and order in New York anymore, you can thank the Democrats who sponsored a bill to eliminate cashless bail. They all voted for it. Then you got a governor who tells us that we are imagining all this stuff and at the same time she puts the National Guard in the subways for a minute, then takes them out. And then George Soros who funds prosecutors who want to let defendants out of jail as opposed to putting them in jail.And you know, we've got a president who's putting illegals in New York about whom we know nothing. And you can assume that a certain percentage of them are criminals. And they already know because they attack cops. You can attack cops and be bailed, and they can give you their finger on the way out. America is no longer safe. It is no longer a place where people can say look, I pay my taxes but thank God I'm protected, the police protect -- protecting me. It's not happening. It's -- we're done time.FORD JR.: Primetime?WATTERS: Life's a beach, Harold. And if you're down by the water, you're going to get wet. The waves are going to crash on you, the criminal elements going to get you. And that's fine. That's the way life is.GUTFELD: (INAUDIBLE)WATTERS: It's an analogy, Greg. Try to follow along. But when you have money or you have celebrity or you're a politician, you could afford to live up by the dunes. You have gates, you have guards, you just don't have the type of exposure to crime up there. But the Democrats keep on telling us that crime is down. But Mariah Carey gets jacked, Drake is getting jacked, all of these politicians, the mayors are getting jacked, home invasions, assaults, carjackings. Don't pee on my leg, Harold, and tell me it's raining. Don't pee on my leg anyway, all right. I'm about to give my son the talk if you know what I mean.PAVLICH: Jesse, that is disgusting.FORD JR.: Katie, bring it -- bring us home here.GUTFELD: You did not prepare for that segment, did you?WATTERS: Mariah Carey, Drake, the Beckhams, Robert De Niro. If De Niro is not safe and Buscemi is not safe, no one is.PAVLICH: I don't know why you guys are all worried. The government says everything's fine and there's no crime, so whatever.FORD JR.: Well, up next, Jen Psaki accused of a falsehood in her new book.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: All right, Jen Psaki forced to edit her new book after making a bogus claim that Joe Biden never checked his watch during the ceremony for soldiers killed during his botch withdrawal from Afghanistan. Now, Jen will alter future reprint of her book.Judge, you're hot on this. What say you?PIRRO: Well, first of all I don't understand how people can lie in a book. Did you read the -- did you read the book? Did you write the book? Your name is on it. What is wrong with you? And then it says she's forced to edit the book after she made a mistaken -- she took an article and quoted it wrong. So, she lied and quoted the article wrong to confirm the lie. I'm sick of it.And Kristi Noem who is the hero in this kind of thing, now the French government says she lied about canceling a meeting with Macron. This is ridiculous.GUTFELD: Jesse, you felt very strongly about Noem. Do you feel just as strongly now?WATTERS: You know who didn't have to make a retraction in their book?GUTFELD: Who?WATTERS: This guy.PIRRO: And this woman.WATTERS: Get It Together and How I Save The World, zero retractions, both number one bestsellers. I know -- I know how these things happen, Greg, when you have a ghostwriter and then they write the book for you and then the editor gives it to you afterwards, you say do you want to double-check?GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: And you say, no, it's fine, just take it. That's how this happens.GUTFELD: I'm done with it. You know, Harold, in your memoir, you wrote about our --WATTERS: Memoir.GUTFELD: Memoir -- our brief time together in the Swiss Alps. Do you want to revise anything that happened in that book?FORD JR.: I thought it was Dear Valley. Look, at least ---GUTFELD: It was Dear Valley.FORD JR.: At least she can -- look, she said the President looked at his watch only after the ceremony. And if she was wrong, then I'm glad she came back and corrected it.PIRRO: That was a lie.GUTFELD: Katie?PAVLICH: OK, out all --out of all the things that you could try and spin, this is what she chose with the Gold Star Families, and they are furious understandably and some of them are actually threatening legal action saying that she's benefiting financially and that she'll be hearing from their attorneys.GUTFELD: All right. There you go, Katie. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg?GUTFELD: Oh, we got a great show tonight, Monday. Jamie Lissow, Joe DeVito, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, it's an all star cast having an all-star blast.WATTERS: As we said, Johnny showed up to the Trump rally which was just a shy under 100,000. Watch.PIRRO: Thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL PRODUCER: How excited are you to vote for your favorite president?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I am here to prove that Trump is not racist. A lot of Black people love him.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right. Let's go to you, Harold.FORD JR.: How do you call them? The what?(CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: Anthony Burgess, a school bus driver in Florida is having students write down their favorite quotes and words of encouragement to decorate the interior of the school bus. Among the stand-up quotes, you're mindset can change everything. Thank you, man.PIRRO: That's wonderful work.WATTERS: All right, have a great show, everybody.