MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": The funding for Hamas goes on. Their four main battalions survive. That is not somebody who wants to destroy Hamas. That is somebody who is betraying the Jews and the people of Israel.Hamas' American friend, their number one friend is Joe Biden.I'll see you tomorrow night on "Life, Liberty & Levin."BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "ONE NATION": Hi, everyone. Welcome to ONE NATION. I'm Brian Kilmeade.It is officially Saturday night. Great roster of guests, including these three: Senator Joe Manchin, why he is somewhat embarrassed by members of his own party and what he would do differently from the president. John "Sticks" Larkin on the anarchy on college campuses. What he would do about it and how our cops are handling it? Johann Hari, the "Magic Pill"-- Ozempic, Mounjaro. It works for him, but maybe it doesn't work for you. We'll discuss all of that.So let's begin. We start with some good news. Fear is gone and freedom is back, specifically fear of being canceled is gone and the freedom to criticize has returned.There was a time when society was so manic that if you said one thing that was deemed politically incorrect, guess what? You're canceled.I'm here to say this week, I'm convinced that the long era of diversity, equity, inclusion -- DEI -- and cancel culture is coming to a close. Why do I say that? Three words. Tom Brady roast.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEVIN HART, COMEDIAN: I've never seen Inglewood so white, Jesus Christ.(LAUGHTER)Hart: It is so (bleep) white in here. It looks like a Bruce Springsteen concert just let out.TOM BRADY, FORMER NFL PLAYER: Kim was terrified to be here tonight. Not because of this, but because her kids are home with their dad.(LAUGHTER)NIKKI GLASER, COMEDIAN: Tom also lost $30 million in crypto. Tom, how did you fall for that? I mean, even Gronk was like "Me know that not real money." Like --(LAUGHTER)JULIAN EDELMAN, RETIRED PATRIOTS WIDE RECEIVER: Fun fact, Jeff and I are both Jewish. The difference is, I'm the kind of Jew that people look at and go, oh, he's Jewish?(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: All right, there have it. You've got religion, race, sexuality. You can't get anyone offended anymore.Maybe we've turned the corner. I think it started with Dave Chappelle when the powerhouse comedian stood up to cancel culture.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVE CHAPPELLE, COMEDIAN: I am not bending to anybody's demands.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: When a handful of Netflix employees demanded him be fired, management stood tall.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHAPPELLE: You have the question? Am I cancelled or not?CROWD: No.CHAPPELLE: Then let's go.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Right. In journalism, let's switch there. The era of Dems walking on water seems to be over.It began I think when Bari Weiss, tired of indoctrinated journalistic culture leaves the iconic "New York Times." Rather than sell out her integrity, she went away from the mainstream. She started The Free Press and she is dominating."The Times" had tried to cancel her, that failed. Fast forward to Uri Berliner, with a 25-year career at NPR, never voted for a Republican, but the unfairness he was witnessing at his own publication was a pill he could not bear to swallow any longer.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)URI BERLINER, FORMER NPR REPORTER: Part of it was Trump's election. Like every newsroom, every legacy media newsroom, we were shocked, disturbed, distraught, really troubled.But after a while, we started covering Trump in a way that we were trying to damage his presidency, to find anything we could to harm him.(END AUDIO CLIP)KILMEADE: I know you knew that, but not many people were admitting that, so when they wanted us to suspend him for speaking out, he said I've got a better idea, I quit.More signs of change in legacy media. "The New York Times" new editor, Joe Kahn made it clear the paper will not become "an instrument of the Biden campaign."He goes on: "There are people out there in the world who may decide based on their democratic rights to elect Donald Trump as president. It is not the job of the news media to prevent that from happening. It's the job of the Biden people and the people around him to stop that from happening."No joke, Jack.And finally, the Joe Biden protection brigade might be breaking up. CNN did an interview, a real interview. Erin Burnett asking real questions. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIN BURNETT, CNN ANCHOR: It's also true right now, Mr. President, that voters by a wide margin, trust Trump more on the economy. They say that in polls, and part of the reason for that may be the numbers and you're aware of many of these of course.The cost of buying a home in the United States is double what it was when you look at your monthly costs from before the pandemic. Real income when you account for inflation is actually down since you took office.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: What happened? They're asking me real questions, cancel culture, political correctness, groupthink, indoctrination. Well, is America finally coming out of it?In my view, after years of darkness, we've seen the light and it is not just in news and comedy, the tide is turning in corporate America.DEI mandates are being phased out as companies across the nation, even elite colleges like MIT are getting rid of it. So once again, the people that deserve the most credit for a rollback to normalcy in my view, a handful of courageous journalists and the men and women that simply want to make us laugh.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GLASER: Tom Brady, five-time Super Bowl MVP, most career wins, most career touchdowns. You have seven rings. Well, eight now that Gisele gave hers back, but --(LAUGHTER)TONY HINCHCLIFFE, COMEDIAN: Tom is afraid of the Giants, which is why Kevin Hart is hosting tonight.(LAUGHTER)HINCHCLIFFE: It's true. All night, he has been using the stool that Aaron Hernandez kicked out from under himself.(LAUGHTER)BRADY: Like the rest of America, always remember where I was that fateful day in September of 2001, when tragically, those two Jets slammed into Drew Bledsoe.(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: So, cheers to canceling the cancel culture.Joining us now to answer this question, if I'm being too optimistic about trying to put a smiley face on our culture is Ari Fleischer and Will Cain.Ari Fleischer is a wonderful guy, but is Will Cain with the podcast, "The Will Cain Podcast," let's show a full screen as we adjust to my camera.Guys, great to see you.WILL CAIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "FOX & FRIENDS" WEEKEND: Great, kind of - - great. It's decent to see you.KILMEADE: All right, Ari, let's start with you. Am I right? Are things changing?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I hope you're right. I think you're premature.Yes, things are changing, Brian, but no, cancel culture has not gotten canceled yet. I still think it's dangerous as hell to go out and say ethnic jokes, to go out and say some of these things.You showed some nice breakthroughs here. But no, man, you go to a college campus and you say this stuff, you will get torn up and spit out.KILMEADE: Will Cain, Ari does not agree with my theory. I am being too optimistic. But I think there's a reason why. What about for example, the Biden situation.CAIN: Right.KILMEADE: You see him getting real questions.CAIN: I'm with Ari. I think you are a little optimistic, but I appreciate your optimism and I appreciate you promoting "The Will Cain Show" because I actually had this conversation on it last week with this very prominent YouTube person I named, Nerdrotic, and we talked about it. The issue, Brian, let me tell you is control.So for the history of media, and Ari, knows very well about this. And so I say this humbly, but the history of media is control, corporate control. You can't do comedy from a boardroom. You can't do comedy by comity.And so what's happened is Disney and every other big corporate boardroom has told us what we not only can't say, but how we have to say something.The point is to break through as you're pointing to, are people outside the system, Brian. They are stand-up comedians, they're independent journalists, and I'm real aware of where I'm sitting right now.KILMEADE: You know, they made themselves Independent. They made themselves superstars.CAIN: They had to. You had to get out to have that freedom, and look, in the beginning, Fox was that, because we were the fly in the ointment, and that's why Fox has been attacked.And here we are and I understand, I'm sitting in a corporate media environment as we speak and it is my job to be authentic in that environment.But it's very -- if we're being real, I mean, what you're seeing is people that had to leave the environment to get to that level of bravery.KILMEADE: Ari, in politics, the one thing about Trump, he is at the very least unorthodox. It drove people crazy. Some Republicans will never get over it.Don't you think -- because society is going a little bit more towards understanding the real Donald Trump. Is the real Donald Trump that should be looked at instead of feared?FLEISCHER: Yes, I think there is an element of that. That's probably why he's going to get re-elected, but there is also still this element of fear that if you go too far, say something wrong that mainstream media is still going to just make you look like you were the most narrow minded, small bigot racist.There are articles this morning talking about linking Donald Trump to antisemitism. Don't ask me where that came from. But let me go beyond the political sphere for a second. It's healthy, thanks to the Supreme Court striking down affirmative action in colleges, the rollback of DEI at many corporations.One of my favorite comedians is a guy named Matt Rife. The guy is hilarious. He sells out Radio City Music Hall. He sells out 17,000 seat venues. Classy, witty, funny, and a lot of his jokes are racial plays on racial stereotypes and the crowds, Black and White love it. The guy is crushing it.KILMEADE: Right, but what does that show you, Ari? People aren't happy with this.FLEISCHER: Outside the political sphere, things are changing.KILMEADE: Right.FLEISCHER: Inside the political sphere, it is still very dangerous.CAIN: That's where I have a little bit of disagreement. You're pointing out what is true. People want this authenticity. They want that bravery.That's not the problem. It's not everybody watching. They want you, the three of us to be real. They want a comedian that's brave. The question is who can give it to them? Because of the pressure of the loud minority that controls corporate boardrooms. The corporation is scared of the loud minority. It applies to politics, too. Trump was brave and the audience rewarded that bravery.KILMEADE: But I don't think you're wrong, but don't think you're playing it out. The most mainstream biggest stars in sports and entertainment showed up at the forum in Los Angeles at Hollywood, the bastion of political correctness. They were above us, right? They were arrogant. They are looking down at us.They started all of this, and they were as politically correct as you possibly can be and it's on the number one streaming service in the country.FLEISCHER: Well, that's why unlike Will who said you're wrong. I just said you were premature.KILMEADE: Okay.FLEISCHER: So I applaud you --KILMEADE: Use of language.FLEISCHER: The ice is cracking.KILMEADE: Because it means the same thing.FLEISCHER: But you can still fall through thin ice.CAIN: Well, Ari is a communication pro. He just said it nicely --FLEISCHER: I love adjectives. I have got a lot of them.KILMEADE: No, but I do think Shawn Gillis, for example, the hottest comedian in the country. Okay.FLEISCHER: Shane.KILMEADE: Okay, Shane Gillis is even better. He comes out and he's talking like five minutes on Down syndrome.FLEISCHER: Yes.KILMEADE: And I'm saying to myself, he's like, yes, my whole family -- I go, wait a second. That's the third rail. I keep watching. And then he ends up poaching SNL.If the cancel culture is so ripe, and so, so, so relevant today, why is he hosting a mainstream show?CAIN: You're absolutely right. He establishes it with a direct connection to the audience outside, but then because -- Disney's ratings are down. All of those Marvel things, everything is down. Stock is down.So what happens is, if the audience rewards Shane Gillis, or the audience rewards, then Netflix picks it up.KILMEADE: Yes.CAIN: Then Netflix will pick up the special.KILMEADE: It's beginning to change then. So you've seen the ice thawing. You're seeing that happen.FLEISCHER: I agree with that.CAIN: So you have a point.FLEISCHER: So you're coming around at my point about the ice is breaking, but it's not broke.KILMEADE: Right, and Will is just the one we all face now. How about this? Are we going to start treating Joe Biden like a legitimate candidate? Pointing out he doesn't do interviews? Is that the breaking point? Because he has shut out all of media laughed about it at the correspondents' dinner. He does one real interview and he got real questions.FLEISCHER: Yes. "The New York Times" is the one who wrote the big story saying that he won't talk to us and he won't talk to others. Yes, I mean, a little bit, but that is not --KILMEADE: I mean, you saw that quote --FLEISCHER: That's the example of this type of ice breaking. This is just usual, do they give a hard time to the Democratic president? And the answer -- especially because he is running against Donald Trump is going to be no.The mainstream media -- ABC, NBC, CBS, "New York Times," "Washington Post," they will never turn on Joe Biden.KILMEADE: Could I ask you guys something. Promise me that you're going to come back within six weeks and I want to ask the same question, because you say it is beginning to break. He's getting real questions."The New York Times" stood up to him. That's showing a sitting Democratic president against the most hated opponent, they still can't carry his water.CAIN: In six weeks' time, one of two things will happen. You'll be right and that means that he will no longer be the candidate, they'll start to push him out or you'll be wrong and they'll start to rally to protect Joe Biden.KILMEADE: Ari, we have to get your podcast, I would have plugged it right here. Thanks so much for coming on. It's always great to see.Will Cain, your podcast, fantastic. Congratulations on the great launch.CAIN: Thank you so much.KILMEADE: All right, meanwhile, there is no shortage of grave issues that will decide this year's election, but let's talk about the one that covers them all. It's leadership.We've got chaos at the border. There is pervasive political unrest on campuses as we speak, a climbing national debt and weakness abroad.I know you're a little depressed right now, it gets better.With America on the brink, we need bold and decisive leadership.Here with solutions on how to put an end to the madness is Victor Davis Hanson. He's a senior fellow at the Hoover Institute and author of a brand new book, "The End of Everything: How Wars Descend Into Annihilation."Victor, one thing about you, you're a historian. You don't get caught up in today's news, you put it all in perspective. How is what is happening today relevant when you look back in the past? What in the past reminds you of the place America is right now?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW, HOOVER INSTITUTION, "THE END OF EVERYTHING" AUTHOR: Well, all the things that you delineated in the past, they were they were similar when our society was in decline because they're self-inflicted, Brian.None of the things you mentioned were a result of a plague or a natural disaster or an enemy attack. They were all self-induced, usually as a product of affluence and leisure, and we got complacent.We got complacent on crime, on finance, on inflation on deterrence. We didn't invest in the military. We're borrowing a trillion dollars every 90 days. We haven't fully developed our natural resources as we could.We were not encouraging people in the proper way to join the military. We're 45,000 recruits short. We're spending more to service our debt than we are in the annual defense budget. But these are correctable. I mean, nobody did it to us, we did it to ourselves.And when we look at their 233rd year of this country since the Constitution was ratified, I mean, we're the largest -- we are the longest Constitution in existence today in the world and it is still solid.But the problem is that we're not reinvesting and we're complacent. And then when you get complacent, you go into a series of decline where the solution seems worse than the problem.You think we could fix the border, we could fix the campuses. We could fix deterrence, but my gosh, to do it would be so -- such a hassle. People would call us names. We can't.They say it's not right and when you get into that statis, there are ossifications that's very hard to come back.KILMEADE: So we need leadership. We need bold leadership, people that have a vision. There's a reason why we're divided because no one is making an effort to bring us together or be a beacon of hope out there that we want to follow.Do you think Trump in his second term could be that? Do you learn from his first four and being out for four that if he gets the second four, that he'd be even better?HANSON: Yes, I think so. I think people -- for a number of reasons -- I think people are seeing what he did in the four years he was in office and they compare him to Joe Biden now. And then they think that he not only had a record, but he's more experienced. He's got better people around him. He's got a better campaign staff. And he understands that now that he has been ostracized by the Republican establishment and the left.And I think that before he was kind of naive, and it was understandable that he couldn't really rely on people to carry through the agenda. I think people like the Heritage Foundation that are auditing and looking at background checks on possible appointees, thousands of them, it bodes well.But the key is he's got to -- he's got to win the House with a bigger margin. He's got to win the Senate. He's got to win the presidency. And they've got to be very careful about this new trend that 70 percent of the electorate do not vote on Election Day. They vote early mail-in ballot and the Republicans are way behind the Democrats in the art of that new development.KILMEADE: Well, we'll see, because we know he has an opponent that at the very least is vulnerable.Congratulations on the book, Victor, "The End of Everything: How Wars Descend into Annihilation," what I like most about it, you go back and study history, and you make it relevant for today.Thanks so much for joining us.HANSON: Thank you. Thank you for having me.KILMEADE: All right, meanwhile, straight ahead. From squad members uniting with the pro-Hamas protesters to Biden, cutting off weapons to Israel. Is the left-wing lunacy taking over the Democratic Party? We're going to ask that to Senator Joe Manchin. Is the party leaving him?Plus, the skinny and the diet drug craze sweeping Hollywood and beyond. Are the benefits worth the risk? One man studied it and he is here to tell us what you should do, only on ONE NATION.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, HOST, "REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER": Outdated racial pandering is one reason Democrats lose elections. When Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi put on Kente cloth, I don't think it earned them one vote for their powerful emotional ties to Ghana.Democrats are hemorrhaging the very voters they think they're pandering to. "The Financial Times" writes: "Democrats are going backwards faster with voters of color than any other demographic."The more you obsess over identity, the more you ignore the bread and butter issues that win and lose elections.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Wow. That is our longtime liberal talk show host, Bill Maher, comedian too, also a commentator. He is taking aim at his own party and a lot of things he is saying make a lot of sense.The Democrats should really listen. Instead, a lot of the left-wing lunacy continues to take over the party. Give you an example: You've got the college campus protests. They are riddled with pro-terrorists, antisemitic propaganda. What are these Hamas flags and Hezbollah flags I'm seeing? To a White House that's redefining Title IX without first defining what a man or a woman is? Why are we even debating this?To a president that goes back on his word with our strongest Middle Eastern ally, Israel, and renege on a commitment to that country to provide weapons that were promised and legislated by Congress.My next guest is another Democrat who is not afraid to break from his own party and do what he thinks is right. He's often the voice of reason that more Democratic leaders should listen to, and we are going to listen to him now.Please, welcome Senator Joe Manchin.Senator, welcome.SEN. JOE MANCHIN (D-WV): Thank you, Brian. Good to be with you.KILMEADE: I saw you take a big inhale. Do you sometimes worry about the direction of your party?MANCHIN: Well, I'm not a Washington Democrat, okay. So when you say my party, I don't relate to any of this. And I have a lot of friends who aren't Washington Republicans.The parties have gone so extreme, Brian and somehow we've got to bring the Grand Old Party and make it grand again and make the Democratic Party responsible again and I think they've both lost their ways and they just listen to their own chatter here in Washington, but none of this makes sense. We don't live our lives like this.You know, I can tell you in West Virginia, none of this would make sense to them whatsoever. They're going to protect their families. They know what's best. They want input with their families, and they should have it.KILMEADE: Where do you stand, Senator, on this cutting off and delaying of Israel aid at a time in which they're at war, clearly responding to the October 7th attacks?MANCHIN: I was asked about that this morning, you know, and I said, it is wrong for us to engage in there. We have allies who are with us 99 percent of the time. Do we agree all the time? No, none of us do. But they have been proven allies, whether it be Israel now with Ukraine, whether it be our NATO allies in Europe, we're going to be there and defenders of freedom. And when they're barbarically attacked, we're going to defend them.But now making decisions on what you can and what you can't use, you've got to do it our way or no way at all. That's not who we are, and it's not what we should be doing.I have said -- I've been asked today about it and I've said openly that, I think it's wrong. I think that we shouldn't be.We can sit down and work through these things. You know, but there are a lot of disturbing things coming out.Cindy McCain -- I was with Cindy in the McCain Institute over last weekend, Brian, and Cindy told me, she said, you know what they don't know? She says, I had 30 trucks full of food, 32 trailer trucks that were hijacked by Hamas, their own people, they would not even feed their own people.We're not hearing any of that on the news, not any of that.KILMEADE: Senator, listen --MANCHIN: She lost a lot of -- yes, it is awful.KILMEADE: You just broke news right now, and if the president -- if Cindy McCain knows that, the president knows that. Instead of denying aid, he should say they were attacked October 7th, the aid we are giving is being hijacked by terrorists. That's our struggle.That would be an easy thing to explain, and to understand, but instead the people making the most noise are making the most news. Listen to members of your party yesterday, this week. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): It is incredibly disturbing, though, you all that my colleagues are so quick to denounce the student protesters but are silent about these young people about why they are protesting.REP. CORI BUSH (D-MO): From GWU to WashU and everywhere else, students have been violently beaten without provocation. They have been arrested and charged with disproportionate offenses.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Neither one of those things are true.MANCHIN: It is so wrong, so wrong.KILMEADE: They firmly believe that. But that's your party, Senator. Where do you stand?MANCHIN: Well, you keep saying my -- please, don't do that. It's just that -- those are people that I don't think belong to any party and I would like to say that I've heard you know, whether it be Marjorie Greene saying that's the Republican Party. Marjorie Greene doesn't represent the Republican Party, nor to those people represent the old Democratic Party we used to know.So forget about the parties, that's just wrong. And basically, when you have so misinformation that's driving people to declare, basically burning our flag, declaring their allegiance and support for a terrorist organization like Hamas and we don't crack down immediately and say this, I lived, Brian, a lot of people, of your viewers lived through the Vietnam time period, when we saw an awful lot of protests.But the protest I saw back then, whether I agreed or disagreed, the protests I saw was trying to make America better. These protests are trying to basically tear down the fabric of America and there is no way that we should tolerate it.KILMEADE: Listen, I a hundred percent agree with you. Senator Fetterman, like you is making a lot of sense. He talked about what Trump is doing in all the battleground states and how he is winning most national polls. He said this this week to Bret Baier.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): Yes, well, I don't really follow the polls. But you know, I've been having that kind of a conversation now since 2016.You know, I identified that there's a risk here that Trump can actually win, and most people thought that it was going to be a joke. And I'm like, no, no. I said, I've spent too much time across the state and I realized that something is happening.And now '24, it's going to be very competitive. It's going to be close.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Do you believe that President Trump can win again?MANCHIN: Oh, I most certainly do. I feel it. You know, John, John comes from the same type of neighborhoods I come from, working people, all pragmatic, working people, hard-working people. They don't want government jumping on your back telling you what to do and making it harder for you.They believe in freedoms and democracy. They believe in all of that. They believe in giving a helping hand, but they believe you ought to get off your butt and do something sometimes.You know, if people -- and I told so many people, I said, and I've told the president, I said you've got to be careful. A lot of these bills and a lot of the direction, the executive orders, people that came from the generation that I've come from, and that you've come from, is basically John Kennedy asking not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.KILMEADE: Exactly.MANCHIN: We continue down this path and people are starting to ask how much more can my country do for me? Brian, that's not who we are. It's not how we have the country we do and it is not what I'm willing to sit back and watch it be taken away.So I'm going to be fighting for basically how much more can I do for my country and I appreciate what my country has done for me.KILMEADE: Absolutely, Senator. We've got to get people to take stock instead of put their hand out. Thanks so much, though.MANCHIN: Well --KILMEADE: For coming in.MANCHIN: We're not going to be quiet, Brian. I can tell you. I might not be in the Senate, but I'm still going to be in America and giving everything I've got.KILMEADE: I would count on that, Senator. It's always great to have you. Have a fantastic weekend.MANCHIN: You, too.KILMEADE: All right --MANCHIN: Thank you.KILMEADE: Let's talk law and order. Police officers stretched thin, on the brink right now and they are being forced to do so many things and they are forced to face off with now anti-Israeli protests.Inside the takedown into these encampments. How they do it. There's a method to it Sean "Sticks" Larkin, only on ONE NATION, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHANLEY PAINTER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Chanley Painter in New York.Russia is making progress in its ruthless invasion of Ukraine. Moscow, claiming its forces captured five villages in Kharkiv region today.Ukrainian officials have not confirmed the claims, but say its troops are carrying out counterattacks in the area. The villages lie in the contested gray zone near the Russian border. A renewed assault on the region has forced more than 1,700 civilians to flee.And a rare solar storm is lighting up the sky this weekend. The dazzling Northern Lights will be visible as far south as Florida. It is the most powerful solar storm in nearly 300 years. But it's not all bright colors, the storm could affect electrical grids, satellites, and GPS systems.I'm Chanley Painter and now back to ONE NATION with Brian Kilmeade.KILMEADE: Anti-Israeli protests are still raging across college campuses. Some universities like Columbia, USC canceling their traditional graduation ceremonies because of safety concerns. What a cop out.The police already stretched thin though working overtime to try and keep the peace there. And while pro-Hamas agitators spit on, curse at, and threaten them, it is a disgrace, they have to deal with all of this and they never brought this on themselves. This is about politics and someone is paying them.Here to discuss what the cops are up against and how they're taking down these encampments. They're not just winging it, the host of "CrimeCam 24/7" on Fox Nation and former Tulsa Lieutenant Sean "Sticks" Larkin.Sean, great to see you.Before we get to your new season, your new series, when I watched these police come out with their riot gear and have to take down these encampments. There's a method and tactic to this. Could you bring us through it?SEAN "STICKS" LARKIN, FOX NATION HOST: Yes, you know, obviously, first there is going to be the gathering of the mind sort of speak. Your administrators from the department, your tactical team leaders and they are actually usually going to speak with, you know, whoever is hosting the event -- the presidents of these schools, and they start discussing the ideas, the options. They want to have an overhead view of what the layout is like, what they're up against.And all of these departments, well before the defund the police movement that exploded in 2020, they have all practiced these large gatherings, how to disperse crowds, how to get them to move in certain directions.The departments that are lucky enough to have mounted patrol, deployable gases, and so forth. And so these things are practiced. It is just the application that if these schools allow the officers to do their jobs, they can deploy safely and get everybody out of there.KILMEADE: There are a couple of things I noticed with UCLA. They were shooting fire extinguishers at the cops. And we know they had bear spray, too, and they have the plywood. And as they're pulling away the plywood, I know they probably did some surveillance, probably put a guy probably in the middle of that somewhere, but they really didn't know what was going to hit him.I'm not saying these are experienced criminals. You're not taking down John Gotti's gang. But for the most part, you're walking in there blind.LARKIN: Yes, absolutely. It's that mob mentality. And again, not to, you know, go back to 2020 again, but when we saw it across the country, there were protests where young adults mostly were vandalizing, causing damage, assaulting officers, assaulting other citizens and we know there was a lot of these guys that were never prosecuted.So they're back at it again. We're just seeing it on the college campuses this time.KILMEADE: Right. We'll see how they take out the encampments. The other thing, real quick, because I want to get to your show is the spitting and the chants, NYPD or LAPD, KKK, and they are in their face and they know you guys can't pop them and you can't hit him with nightsticks like the old days.But isn't it tempting? How do you calm yourself in that situation?LARKIN: You know, well, first of all, you don't want to go to prison or lose your job, obviously. You don't want to get yourselves what we call a 1983 lawsuit, a Civil Rights violation.It is frustrating. The things that people say to law enforcement when they're in their uniform. You know, I've had this conversation with people myself when I was a cop. There's things that have been said to me, I'll even say from defense attorneys in the courtroom, from suspects on the street, that if they saw me in a bar, they would not say because they know when you're on duty, you're in that uniform, you've got that badge, you have your job, that you're not going to lose, you're not going to put your family in that position.And they just feel empowered to do so, you know, against the men and women in law enforcement.KILMEADE: Yes. They get out right away. They are death warrants. And they wear a mask, so they are cowards.I'm really excited about your brand new season on Fox Nation.LARKIN: Absolutely.KILMEADE: "CrimeCam 24/7." First off, this season, you brought a clip. It's about a woman in a police station. Do you want to set this up at all?LARKIN: Yes. Absolutely. This is a woman who walks into a police station. We are used to people walking into our offices, so to speak, they're there for help. They're wanting to talk to us. They want to report a crime.But this young lady, she actually walks in with a firearm exposed there to cause some trouble.KILMEADE: Let's watch.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)LARKIN: When no one responds to her banging, she tries a different approach. She fires around at the door leading to the interior of the station, which ricochets into a ceiling tile just can be seen falling from the damage.If she didn't have the attention of officers before, she does now.The shooter then takes several steps backward, aims her weapon, and fires two shots at the level three ballistic glass separating the lobby from the front desk.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Insanity. We can expect more things like that this year?LARKIN: Oh, every single episode is full of that. I also want to point out this young lady right here. That was her ex-boyfriends firearm who was an NYPD officer that she had taken. It was a suicide by cop deal.The officers actually did a great job, but people need to tune in and see how it ends up.KILMEADE: All right, Sean, you do a great job. I'll talk to you next week on Law Enforcement Week. I'll see you in Washington. It's going to be a big week there. Finally getting the respect you deserve.Also, I understand some recruiting for cops is going up. It's heading in the right direction.Sean, thank you.Be sure to watch "Officer Down" honoring the fallen, with Sean "Sticks" Larkin, available next Friday on Fox Nation.All right, we move ahead. Ozempic has taken the world by storm as a miracle drug for weight loss. But is there really such a thing as a magic pill? That's the name of Johann Hari's brand new book. He's been taking it, he has lost weight, but maybe you shouldn't.He'll tell you the pluses and minuses. Don't move.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CBS NEWS REPORTER: Adele has reportedly lost more than 40 pounds.HODA KOTB, NBC: You've been working on your body and on your health.TRACY MORGAN, ACTOR: No, that's Ozempic.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": Welcome to the show you skinny (bleep).SHARON OSBOURNE, TV PERSONALITY: I mean, the first few weeks was (bleep). You just throw up all the time and feel so nauseous.BILL MAHER, HOST, "REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER": Really?OSBOURNE: Yes.MAHER: That's their big secret. They made something that makes you throw up and who know, you lose weight. Oh my God. That's (bleep) is in the lab.ROSIE O'DONNELL, COMEDIAN: Lost 10 pounds since Christmas.CHELSEA HANDLER, COMEDIAN: The whole town is on Ozempic.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Maybe it's true. Is your town? You've heard the popular drug is turning the weight loss world into the Wild West.You have Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro, Zepbound with some possible side effects that are concerning, too. Some say there's kidney problems, pancreas inflammation, thyroid cancer.What's the reality?Our next guest documented his own journey on Ozempic, still on it now. He traveled from Iceland and Minneapolis to Tokyo to get up his expensive report, also says he was doing a book investigating this new class of drugs to find out if the risks outweigh the benefits.Joining us right now to answer your questions. I just know it is journalist and author of a brand new book called the "Magic Pill: The Extraordinary Benefits and Disturbing Risks of the New Weight Loss Drugs."Johann, great to see you.JOHANN HARI, PSYCHOLOGIST AND AUTHOR, "MAGIC PILL": Great to be with you, Brian.KILMEADE: You came in. You just wanted to be somebody who is going to use this. You thought, let's make a book about it. You've lost 42 pounds. Are you glad you did it on Ozempic?HARI: Yes. I'm glad I did it, because I'm older than my granddad ever got to be because he died when he was 44 of a heart attack and loads of them and in my family get heart problems.And we know sadly, obesity massively increases your risks of all sorts of health problems. So I took these drugs. It was a weird experience. There were lots of downsides for me.There are lots of people I think who shouldn't take the drugs. But for me personally, the benefits have outweighed the risks of continuing to be obese, which realistically I would have done.KILMEADE: What changed when you started your once a week injections?HARI: It's the weirdest thing. I'll never forget it. The second day I was taking Ozempic, I woke up. I had this weird feeling and I couldn't figure out what it was and it took me a while to realize, Hmm, I've woken up and I'm not hungry. That had never happened to me before.And I went to this diner that I used to go to every day for breakfast and I used to order every day a big kind of roll with loads of chicken and loads of mayo and I had like three or four mouthfuls and I was just full, it was so strange.So what I tried to explain in my book "Magic Pill" is how it feels to take the drugs, what the benefits are, and they're huge, what the risks are and there are some really big and worrying risks.And what I think people need to prepare themselves with because one of the things that happens is it screws with your head, right? When you take these drugs, it radically interrupts the way you eat. You can't eat the way you did before, and that brings to the surface a lot of the underlying emotional reasons why you eat, right?For a lot of people, it can cause depression. There's even a debate about whether it makes some people suicidal because you can't comfort eat anymore. Now, that can be a good thing. You can bring it to the surface so you can deal with those problems, but there is so much that people need to know about the drugs that we don't there isn't in the kind of public debate yet.KILMEADE: Because it's all so new and they weren't created for this reason and this is an aftereffect.They go, okay, let's do it. So we're experiencing the weight loss. True or false? You lose some muscle tone? True or false does your face drop? What they say Ozempic drop? Do you have that?HARI: Yes, that happened. Both things happened to a lot of people. My face is so round that it can drop a long way and I still look like a three-year- old baby.But no, you're totally right. There's really -- actually some of the biggest health worries for me are, there are some serious scientists who are worried that it increases thyroid cancer. There's some people who are very worried about pregnant women taking it. We know that in rats, it increases the risk of birth deformities.But I think the truth is, everyone has got to weigh two things. If you just look at the risks of the drugs, you think, well, you'd be crazy to take this risk. But you've got to weigh two things. What's the risks of the drugs? The 12 big risks of the drugs? And what are the risks of continuing to be obese? Because the truth is obesity increases over 200 known health conditions. So people have really got to go down the list in the book and figure out well, which of these apply to me and which ones don't.KILMEADE: I open the book. I want to know when I close the book, will I be more apt to take it? Or less apt to take it? And are you glad you did?HARI: I'm glad I did, but I think anyone is responding to these drugs, either with a yay, they are the best thing in the world or a boo, they are the devil, is missing the much more complicated picture. There is no answer for everyone.If you are severely obese, if your BMI is higher than 35, unless you've got thyroid cancer in your family, or you're trying to get pregnant, or some of the other risks I talk about, I personally would urge you to take the drugs, because there are real risks to the drugs but they are outweighed by obesity.KILMEADE: And I'm seeing all the different products out there, Mounjaro, Zepbound and others. Did you find any one better than the next? I know you chose Ozempic. Is there anything you'd stay away from?HARI: So we know that Ozempic causes 15 percent body weight loss on average over a year. Mounjaro causes 21 percent and the next ones that'll be out next year cause 24 percent.The risks are pretty similar for all of them, but the benefits are a bit greater for Mounjaro.KILMEADE: Do you take it the rest of your life?HARI: This is one of the big problems. When you stop taking it, you go back to the level of fatness you had before, right? So it's not like a holiday fling. It's like a lifelong marriage, which you know, it's a serious thing.We know that these drugs work primarily on your brain. They change what you want and how your brain works. People should not go into this lightly.The only argument for going into it is if you are going to be obese for the rest of your life. If that's the choice, and you should definitely try dieting first. But I don't know if that person who hasn't tried dieting, I'm sure you don't either. But if that hasn't worked for you, then you need to think about this.KILMEADE: Right. But you traveled. You said you went to Iceland, you went to Europe and you've traveled all around. Why do you want to travel to do this?HARI: Because there are countries that never became obese in the first place. Think about Japan, right? It's the weirdest thing. You go to a Japanese school. There are no fat children in Japan, almost none. It's bizarre.I wanted to figure that out. At the moment, people like me are in a trap, right? We've got to choose between a risky drug and a risky medical condition. That's what the book is about, helping people make that decision. But that trap was not inevitable and it doesn't have to be the case for our kids.In Japan, they didn't let the processed food industry and the junk food industry hijack and screw up their children in the way my appetites were screwed up in ways I talk about in the book.We are currently facing this difficult choice, but our children do not have to face that choice. We can learn from Japan. We can learn from other countries that have massively reduced obesity.KILMEADE: Whether we're our phones are distracting us, you can handle it. Whether these new weight loss drugs are the new phase, you can find out the facts about it. I can't wait to see your next project and you look fantastic.HARI: Oh, a pleasure.KILMEADE: You are an advertising for Ozempic. Johann Hari --HARI: Complicated advertisement.KILMEADE: Congratulations on "Magic Pill." It is certainly going to be a best seller. Good to see you.HARI: Cheers. Thanks, Brian.KILMEADE: Quick note, I can't wait. This has just been announced. I want you to catch me, "History, Liberty, and Laughs" Tour. I stop next in Indianapolis June 29th. Coming up quick and in East Stroudsburg on July 27th. VIP opportunities at BrianKilmeade.com as well as regular tickets.I want to meet you in person.Now, I told you to take ONE NATION on vacation, not necessarily me, but our stuff.Michael from Fort Myers did just that. He says he took it to Patagonia last month. "Sorry, but the shirt was under my jacket." I guess, we'll take your word for it. I should have been more specific.Michael, thanks for doing it. But we need to see it next time. We will feature you on the show anyway.Send us your photo or video. We're in ONE NATION stop at OneNation@fox.comKeep it here it is Saturday night. And I hope you're happy. Pharrell is.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: I can't go without wishing everybody a Happy Mother's Day to whom it applies. Hope you're having a Mother's Day weekend.Special thanks to my great wife, Dawn and all her kids. We know you're appreciated every single day and this is the only picture she okayed. I am extremely lucky to have a family like that and she is a fantastic mom.And I'm sure you feel the same way about your mom, wherever she is.Meanwhile, coming up this weekend on "Fox & Friends" Sunday edition. Karoline Leavitt is one of the reasons to tune in. They're going to break down the Trump campaign from here on in. They've got about five-and-a-half months to get it done.Be sure to listen to my radio show. Nine to noon. Fastest growing in the country. Aryeh Lightstone on the whole problem we're having with Israel and getting them the weapons they paid for. Ben Carson, a brand new book. Michael Goodwin, great insight on the chaos in New York.Now, it is time for "Fox News Saturday Night" with the great Jimmy Failla. He is right behind that door.I'm going this way.