SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Nation, hope you're watching. All right, I'll be on Fox and Friends by the way tomorrow morning. That's all the time we have left. Please set your DVR, so you never ever, ever, ever miss an episode of Hannity. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. All right. I know, I know, I know. I love MeToo. Hashtag. Happy Tuesday everyone. Let's get started. This week is National Brain Injury Awareness Week, or as Joe calls it every week.Former White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki is under fire for claiming Joe Biden didn't check his watch during the memorial services for soldiers killed during the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan in 2021. She was right. Joe Biden wasn't checking his watch. He was just surprised that those weird things at the end of his arms called hands.Stormy Daniels actually wear a bulletproof vest to Donald Trump's hush money trial, which is weird, because she's used to taking shots to the face.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You ain't playing tonight.GUTFELD: But to make her feel at home, a member of her security detail saw the vest and crumpled a $20 bill into it. Four years after Joe Biden picked Kamala Harris as his VP, he's still mispronouncing her name. It's contagious. He said, Kamala instead of moron. But you can't blame him, he's used to calling her the help.But you know experts say in order to remember a name, you should say the name more, repetition helps you get better at things which is why Joe is so good at falling.Walmart has decided to close all 51 of its health clinics. Damn, now I have to get my prostate checked at Ace Hardware. Don't laugh, they carry drain snakes.A CNN fluff piece claimed that Meghan Markel visited Nigeria as a duchess and left an African princess. It's true. She already sent me an email asking for money.Yesterday, Red Lobster abruptly closed more than 50 of its seafood restaurants across the country. As a result, that national suicide prevention hotline received dozens of phone calls from the same number.Researchers say having higher testosterone could add years to a man's life. Yes. In a related story, Randi Weingarten says she wants to work until 2085. Meanwhile, men with low levels of testosterone are 10 percent more likely to die than men within normal range. Well, guess who just has days to live.All right. Monologue time. The Board of Trustees at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill just voted to defund their diversity, equity, and inclusion program. I know. Defund. I love when their own rhetoric comes back to bite him in their fat asses. $2.3 million in UNC funds will be moved from that Leftist boondoggle to campus police and public safety efforts. That's right.Policing, they're refunding the police, so suck on that, commies. The only way it would sting even more is if they threw a few grand toward a barbecue and beer fest for the frat fellas who saved old glory. A lot of applause.But it's great news for students who want a good education and bad news for blue haired blobs and race hustlers who want easy paychecks. CNN might hire them. Hell, I mean they were dumb enough to hire Gayle King. Unnecessary. And that's just the next step, one month after the entire UNC system of schools move to repeal and replace their DEI policy.UNC's move comes in the wake of antisemitic riots on their campus and other colleges across the country where spoiled brats culturally appropriated scarves from Arabs and tents from lesbians.So, did these colleges do this to themselves, you think, did their maniacal focus on race produce an entire generation of bigots who are now unemployable assholes. Well, does Joy Behar (inaudible) in the woods?The same thing is happening at the Massachusetts Institution of Technology or MIT, Kat, which is no longer requiring diversity statements from prospective employees. Although they still have to be virgins. Nerds.As MIT President Sally Kornbluth put it, compelled statements impinge on freedom of expression, and they don't work. Well, thanks, Sally, where have you been the past 10 years? I've known that forever and I'm not smart enough to get into DeVry. Much less your nerd factory. It looks like Sally got the message.Remember, she's the only pres to survive the Congressional butt kicking from Elise Stefanik where former honchos from UPenn and Harvard couldn't identify antisemitism if it grew a tiny moustache and invaded Poland. So, the backlash is growing, and it's revealing more than Lizzo after a trip to Victoria's Secret.I approved that photo. But we now see that DEI was just a camouflaged racist revenge plot. If you look like the people from the past, we're told to hate, now we're going to punish you for it. It's just an old bigotry. cloaked as progress. But I hate to remind the kids who think they know history; Congress passed the law called the Civil Rights Act of 1964. That's back when Pelosi still had feeling in her face.And in forebay, discrimination on the basis of sex and race in hiring, promoting and firing. See, DEI actually reversed that. And we weren't supposed to notice, but we did. That's why as The Washington Post points out, a lot of companies are removing all references to DEI, including Kohl's, Eli Lilly, Starbucks and Coors. And as Anheuser Busch has learned, Americans just want a beer, not a lecture to come with it. Especially if the broad doing the finger wagging also wags a penis.And whether students know it or not, this trend is going to help them because companies won't hire the enemy. No one wants to hire a fresh Columbia law grad bathed in DEI hate just as you wouldn't throw a live grenade into your own barracks. Plus, it's nice to know that you were hired for your talent, experience and skill, not because you look like a plus size model from a Benetton ad.And it's also great news for companies, the hiring pool just got deeper and wider than Stormy Daniels' lies. Stormy Daniels' lies. You can now hire the most competent applicant and not worry -- and not worry about hiring a brainwashed Marxist who thinks two plus two equals racist. But they're -- OK. I can rest.But there are holdouts, one group, the Society for Human Resource Management thinks just moving the letters DEI around will do the trick. They replaced the term DEI with IED. Yes, IED. What's that normally stands for? Improvised Explosive Device. Great marketing guys. IED, I guess STD was already taken.But it's actually closer to the truth and they realize leaving IED at a school or in work and it'll blow the whole place up. But when a society focused on human resources, thinks you solve a problem by hiding it. It's time maybe to rethink human resources. Just move some letters around. OK, let's do it for you.From now on, human resources becomes each user mourns. All right, smattering. This is smattering. Sorry guys, even if P Diddy changed his name to D Piddy, nothing's changed. He's still going by person of interest. So, we hate to tell you, Society for Human Resource Management. IED is like a president with a new colostomy bag, it's just a different container for the same old (inaudible).Let's welcome tonight's guest. People wrap his head for a bad luck, Comedian Jim Norton. No, this isn't a hair club for men infomercial, he's the second ball guy on tonight's panel, campus reform higher education fellow Nicholas Giordano. She's like a sunflower, thin, colorful and plucked from abandoned lots, New York Times bestselling author and Fox News Contributor, Kat Timpf. He's sizable, recognizable, and messing with him is inadvisable, New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus.Jim, I like to think of you as an up from your bootstraps kind of guy, you didn't get where you got with any DEI. You're just odd, obnoxious, white male.JIM NORTON, COMEDIAN: Thank you, Greg. And I'm actually laying on my back holding my bootstraps.GUTFELD: Good for you. I'm picturing that right now and it's not pretty. Do you think this is a good trend watching DEI go and does it -- is there DEI in comedy?NORTON: It's -- there is in every business, but I think it's not spoken. No one says it. But I mean, like I know. like I haven't gotten things just because I'm like a white male like I did a show this weekend and like if you asked the 37 people that were there like I should really be doing a lot better than I am.GUTFELD: Yes.NORTON: I didn't held back because I have man breasts. Yes, you know, it's funny. Conservatives didn't ruin this. Progressives did.GUTFELD: Yes.NORTON: Like they wrecked it, like most people don't mind an honest trying to balance the scales --GUTFELD: Yes.NORTON: -- up for things that are unfair. I don't think anybody -- but it's like -- it just became this thing of, hey, we don't want the white people in this space. And everybody's like, just shut up.GUTFELD: Yes.NORTON: And it made everybody sick and tired of it. And diversity shouldn't be a word that makes you sick to your stomach.GUTFELD: No.NORTON: But you hear it and you just (inaudible).GUTFELD: Isn't that amazing?NORTON: Yes.GUTFELD: It's like they ruined something good because they don't have an off switch or a dial it back switch. Nick, you're from the academia, the world of academia. Is this -- am I like blowing the horn too soon? Is this stuff actually going out the door?NICHOLAS GIORDANO, POLITICAL SCIENCE PROFESSOR: Well, first, I want to thank the inclusivity of Gutfeld to allow two phallically challenged people to appear at the same time. With that being said, be suspicious, right? They'll probably rebrand DEI on to something else, repackage it. And there have been professors and institutions like campus from that have been warning about diversity, equity, inclusion, how it leads to tribalism.It leads to people chanting Death to America. It's based on anti- Americanism. And I think these institutions, at least some of them have realized that the movement has gone a little too far when you have a bunch of spoiled, entitled brats screaming that America is a racist and evil country. At the same time, they're calling for Intifada, and celebrating an organization, a terrorist organization that will destroy Christians, has purged Christians and Jews from its land and wants to destroy societies, right?I mean, so it really see how ironic it is that these Leftists have gone too far. But I've got a better idea than defunding, we should take the money that's being used, and send all these people to the most horrible places around the world we could find, and I will guarantee you, they will come back with a new appreciation for the United States of America, that's for sure.GUTFELD: Well, I mean, sending them to Chicago is not going to solve any problems. kat, all right, we know human resources is a screwy business. But I --KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I would never say that. I love you, human resources. You're watching this. I'm on your side. Sorry.GUTFELD: My file is a bit different than yours. But there's a Society for Human Resources Management, and they thought the solution was, take DEI and reverse it.TIMPF: Yes, I mean, that none of it makes sense. Right? For them to take this long, as you pointed out to say, oh, these statements that we tell people to write compulsory statements don't work. I think it's worse than that. I think that actually there's no greater gift you can give to a manipulative fake person than to outright tell them this is what you need to say in order to get what you want, which is all that that is.I mean, there's been so many times in my life when I've been like, he likes all the same things. I like, like no Kat, you dumb bitch. He knows like those things; he knows that you like those things. So, he's pretending to like those things.But this -- if you wanted to have someone to give a statement, and then maybe diversity is a part of that, that's how you would know the person cared about diversity. Write this statement about how diversity is important to you. I think they'll probably going to write about how diversity is important to them whether it is, or it isn't.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: And that's just basic logic, but if you say something like that then that means you don't -- you don't care about these. That's got nothing to do with it.GUTFELD: That makes me think how many guys are actually saying they like Taylor Swift.TYRUS: I know one specifically that he plays for the Chiefs. Oh, I love that song, babe. Oh, man, tear in my eye.GUTFELD: She found the one guy that likes Taylor Swift and she's going to marry him.TYRUS: Yes.GUTFELD: What do you make of this? I think this is actually good for students and good for employers.TYRUS: I just think we always miss the lesson. And the perfect example is that is by changing the name of some, but that's kind of how the woke work.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: They take words that mean one thing and they change them to the other. But now we're on to him. So now they're just moving letters around like is going to --GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: You know what I'm saying is like it's -- at some point, someone has to say, look, Dr. Evils, it's not going to happen.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: You know like.GIORDANO: It's not working.TYRUS: Yes, it's just enough for you. You know, it's like that whole thing about the Seinfeld thing.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: To Kat's point, 22,000 people, 40 walked out and two of them were Newman (ph). So, I mean, it's not even like, you know what I'm saying, but they're like, that's the problem. So, they're -- it's over. It's done for them. But we're not learning the lesson because we're not going to the people that it was affected by. We're not propping up the ones who were dismissed. We're not apologizing to lower class white America. We're not apologizing to men and women.We're just saying, oh, we're doing this. No, no, it needs to be more than, it's more than just here's a check for police officers. It needs to be from the universities. We're not only going to do that, we're going to have scholarships for getting people in law enforcement. We're going to do this. We're going to make up for the last five years of embarrassing and ruining people's lives and people who work their ass off being told no, because you're white.That's just as bad as in the 60s say no Tyrus, you can't sit around this table because you're black. That's the same thing.GIORDANO: Part of the problem is the administrators and the professors that actually --TYRUS: But it starts with recognizing, not just changing, you have to recognize to say, we (inaudible) up, we listen to the wrong people, and we're going to fix it. And this is how.NORTON: You know these college students are frauds because at Harvard now they've given up on this little sit in they were doing.GUTFELD: Yes.NORTON: And they're demanding to be reinstated.GUTFELD: Yes.NORTON: Instead of just leaving the school which is still doing business with Israel. They're actually we want to be reinstated, because they're not willing to give anything up.GUTFELD: Yes.NORTON: They got nothing and they're like, all right, we got nothing. Please put us back in class.GUTFELD: Exactly. It's some hunger strike. Call when you're dead.TYRUS: It was a hunger moment.GUTFELD: Yes. Up next, our voters disgusted because Cohen can't be trusted.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: I'm going to go to you first Tyrus, on day two of testimony, Cohen admitted to pressuring Stormy Daniels to lie about the hush money. He also admitted to misleading the Federal Election Commission about the payment. And he also kind of came off as a spurned lover that he was obsessed, obsessed with Donald Trump and when Donald Trump -- now he didn't say this, but he didn't get a position in the government. He turned on him and started meeting with investigators while he was in prison. What do you make of all this?TYRUS: It's confusing because it was fashionable to be the side bitch.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: I'm saying he was the side lawyer.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: He was a side lawyer, which means he got all the -- he just wasn't allowed to come to the house in front of the family.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: You know what I'm saying, it was -- and if you can't tell this is a love story.GUTFELD: Yes, it is --TYRUS: He love too hard, and Trump used him to file some paperwork which again, the President made a mistake because when you -- when they go back and forth, and this is where I've got to kind of go at the President a little bit. You tell us how terrible he was and he's telling you how terrible you are. But you all worked together for a long time. So, the attacking I think just isn't working. And I can't wait for the jury to come out because I love to hear how his testimony was riveting and it was just at some point someone just give him a box of tissues, looked at president's eyes, you broke my heart, I was up all night.My bags were packed. I had already told my friends that I had an office at the White House. I've got my kids White House dad T-shirts, you've ruined and not ruined, ruined everything. You broke my heart and that's why I'm here.And then we get it, but the jury is going to come back and the verdict, I can tell you right now word-for-word what the verdicts is going to be. Jury is going to come up, they're going to hand the bailiff and he's going to go, jury comes back with what the (inaudible) we don't know.GUTFELD: Kat, do you sometimes wish that you had someone that cared about you, the way Cohen cared about Trump? He admitted to lying out of loyalty and in order to protect him.TIMPF: I do have someone like that. I'm sorry that you don't.TYRUS: He does, Gus.TIMPF: Yes, Stormy's attorney saying that he thought he was going to kill himself because he didn't get the job. That's a meltdown that I can picture.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: That's -- I can see the flurry of text messages that were being sent. And it's also like the guy is a convicted perjurer. I mean, this is their big witness.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: It's just none of it makes sense. It's gone on for so long. And to me, it's so remarkable how something involving sex and power and betrayal is this boring.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: At the end of the day.GUTFELD: Because and they don't even know the charge yet. They don't even know the charge yet. It's about an entry into an expense, a legal expense - -TYRUS: I think you're going somewhere else with that, so.GUTFELD: Logging in illegal expense --TYRUS: There you go.GUTFELD: -- that they couldn't do it any other way because there was no way to do it. So, there's actually no --TIMPF: We have not -- I haven't heard them talking about that.GUTFELD: No. And they haven't. Nicholas, have you been following this, you better, but it's like he's a known perjurer. How can anybody take him seriously? This is all a vendetta.GIORDANO: Well, I've been following this closely. And I'm starting to think that the District Attorney Alvin Bragg is really a MAGA, closet MAGA supporter. I mean how else do you explain this trial? It's completely ridiculous. Everyone sees what it is that you use the weight of government to target one person that you dislike.But I do have to give a thank you, because I've been teaching nearly 20 years and I never thought I'd be able to bring porn stars into the classroom and talk about that. I got Hunter Biden and his crack and sex addiction, who dunnit, with the cocaine in the White House. I mean, politics in 2024 has gotten really interesting.The only thing I wish is that this trial was televised, I think that would add a new element to it, where we could watch it on TV. But I'm starting to think that at first, it was maybe a hung jury. Now I'm starting to think that the jury may actually, a New York jury, only Democrats could do this, a New York jury actually goes with a not guilty verdict based on what we've heard.GUTFELD: Yes, I mean, there could be an opportunity that it doesn't even go to a jury. I heard Jonathan Turley say that before he left for work, shouldn't have said that. Oh, he's going to kill me. All right, Jim, what say you? What's the comedy world thinking right now? What's going on in the comedy brain?NORTON: That's a great non-humiliating way to ask, right. Thank you. I don't -- it's so -- I think Michael Cohen is probably telling the truth. But I don't care. I absolutely don't care about this crap at all. I don't care if he did it.GUTFELD: Yes.NORTON: He should have had sex with her, he did. He lied. I don't trust any president that gets caught cheating on his wife and immediately goes, you got me, like that's not a negotiator. I don't care at all if he -- I don't care if he has sex with her and wiped her back off with a classified document.GUTFELD: Hung jury.NORTON: It has nothing to do. I wouldn't care if Biden did it. I don't care who these guys have sex with. If they have to like, they get busted. It is a non-issue.GIORDANO: Visual.NORTON: It's a waste of everybody's time.GUTFELD: Yes. Went from top secret to top secretion.TYRUS: Either way he declassified it.GUTFELD: Yes. Beautiful. All right, I can tell him everything everybody just said, I just want you to know that. Up next, Pelosi can't contain her elitist disdain. Awesome.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: All right. Pelosi may be great at trading stocks, but she sucks at giving talks. Our video of the day comes to us from former House speaker and current wax figure Nancy Pelosi who recently spoke at an Oxford Union debate. That's in England, Pat. She argued that Americans who see themselves as populists are just poor souls looking for answers. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI, (D-CA): We have seen demagogues come down the pike, destroy the press. What is it that Republicans say? Fake news. So they're diminish that in the eyes of these poor souls who are looking for some answers. We've given to them, but they are blocked by some of their views on guns. They have the three g's -- guns, gays, God.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Guns, gays, God.TYRUS: That's how I use my g's.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It was an echo of Obama's comment that working class voters cling to guns and religion, except the only thing clinging to Nancy are her eyebrows.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Nicholas, it's always kind of the same refrain. It's like, oh, these poor ignorant masses, if they were only smart enough to see how great the Democrats are.GIORDANO: Well, it's the elitist attitude. They forgot what public services is all about, that they're there to serve the public. Instead, they think they're there to rule over the public. And I think with Nancy Pelosi, you see that elitist attitude, even back when she made the salon open up to get her hair done during. Meanwhile, I had to give my kids haircuts and they looked like Jim Carrey from "Dumb and Dumber."(LAUGHTER)GIORDANO: And then she massed up her servants as she held this big, lavish fundraiser. So it shows that these politicians have the "let them eat cake" attitude where it's not about ordinary people in the plight. But who's really to blame? Is it them or is it the people who keep on putting people like this in power?(APPLAUSE)GIORDANO: And I think we have to start looking internally, where they're denigrating us time and time again. They're constantly talking down to us as if we're children and we don't know what's in our best interests. And yet there are so many people that will go and just reelect them back into office. So at some point we have to blame ourselves.GUTFELD: It's just name recognition. Jim, you and Nancy dated back in the 80s.NORTON: Yes, we did.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: First of all, her and that guy look like they are dressed for the dinner party of "The Shining."(LAUGHTER)NORTON: They should be sitting at the end of a bed with a guy in a rabbit outfit coming to his lap.GUTFELD: It's like she is doing some kind of weird satanic spell.NORTON: The only poor soul I can think of is the cop who had to look at her husband in his underpants --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: As he flirted with a hammer-wielding stud.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I don't know if those facts are true, Jim.NORTON: They're probably not, Greg, but that's why they call it elitism and not elite-wasm. Back after this, ladies and gentlemen.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, I don't know what that means, but at least he is honest about her elitism. She can look down on anybody in public. Some people will do it behind the scenes. They'll pretend they are for the people, they're a populist. But she will look down on you to your face.TIMPF: I don't want her telling me what to do. That's not true. I'd love her to tell me what stocks to buy.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: That'd be great. But to say people cling to this or that. OK, if that's what that person's values are, then that person clings to their values. That's what everybody does. I can't vote for any of these people, either major party, because of what my values are. And to look down on someone just because theirs are different than yours, that doesn't make you better or smarter. Just trust what people -- that people know what's best for themselves.GUTFELD: If they want to cling to it, they should cling to it.TIMPF: Go for it.GUTFELD: You should see the things I cling to.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: You should.TYRUS: Unfortunately, one of them is my leg.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I just get excited.TYRUS: I know.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's so funny --TYRUS: You should see the Gutfeld water spray bottle I have. No.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Greg, I don't even need a question. I have a question.GUTFELD: Yes?TYRUS: Where was she coming from before she did that? Did she sprint uphill, jump through over some stuff. We've got to get out -- why is she so pressed for time? She's exhausted. She's out of breath. And I don't get it, because she's usually, she's so good at predicting things, to Kat's point. She knows what stock market to pick, but she doesn't know the pulse of the American people. It's crazy. It's almost like, one, she is cheating at something, either us, or -- well, I'm not going to finish that, because I don't want to end up dead.GUTFELD: Is that her husband on the left? Yes. There you go.TIMPF: They look very happy together.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: To be fair, I do know that look.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: He's looking at her like he just realized he married Mick Mars.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I guess we should move on.Coming up, will climate change be easing if your shower is freezing.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Writer says take cold showers. Kat, I know you love this story. A "Washington Post" journalist is telling Americans to take cold showers -- she probably won't do it herself -- and use cold water almost all the time to save the planet. Can you name anything worse than taking a cold shower?TIMPF: You know, yes, this woman.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I don't think I have ever said this before, but if I saw her I might try to fight her.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I might get into fighting, because you know what, I don't just take hot showers to shower. I do it recreationally. I like to bathe, I like to shower. It is the one warm, peaceful place in the world that's full of misery and stress. And like you said, there's no way to verify that she's really taking cold showers, because if I said, OK, then let me watch you shower, then I'm creepy, right? So this is the most awful. You're not winning anyone over to your cause. Come over on my team. We take cold showers every day. No, boo.GUTFELD: I don't think she has a life.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: You've really upset me. I've never warm. That's the one time I'm warm, and you want to take that for me.GUTFELD: It's one of the few things we have. Jim, I'm telling you we have no evidence that this author she made these changes herself, but the people that do this, eat bugs, don't use air conditioning. OK, you do it for a month, you asshole. Right?NORTON: Yes, and then tell us how it went. I won't to do this at all -- not only will I not do this. I use hot water on my plants.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: And I won't flush the toilet unless there is hot water in there. I'm going to send my little treats away nice and toasty.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's disgusting.I think that these should be forced, Tyrus, to actually prove and show that they are doing this.TYRUS: Listen, this sounds good, but again, they are just running out of --GUTFELD: Yes, they're running out.TYRUS: Hold your breath and the planet will be better. Cold showers is a man thing. And I take cold showers all the time because it prepares me for the rest of my day. I step out, my face is already set.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I'm already disappointed. I'm already at my worst physical point with all the freezing, but I'm ready for the world. Let's go do it. There's a lot of -- the big thing right now is those cold plunges. And it's good for your body, it's good for your joints and whatever. But I don't think in the mainstream of things, when the planet is falling apart and we're holding on, and they're like what was it. And they'd be like, somebody took a hot shower.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: And as you and I follow, we look at Kat, and like, you, it was you.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: By the way.TYRUS: As she sips smoking hot tea as she walks away. And we die.GUTFELD: By the way, Jesse on "THE FIVE" today said that he cold plunges for five minutes.TYRUS: Jesse is a liar. He's a liar.GUTFELD: Did you hear that? There is nobody who does it.TYRUS: It takes 40 minutes to --TIMPF: No, no, no, because if he did that he would be posting it.GUTFELD: Yes, yes, exactly. There's no way.TYRUS: Johnny did it, and then he recorded Johnny, and then said he did it. I'll take the challenge. I will call Watters out right now. I will challenge you to a cold plunge. Let's see who can go.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: There you go.So Nicholas, they also said not washing your plates. You wash your hands with hot water because you kill germs.GIORDANO: That is correct, and doing the laundry, they want you to do it with cold water, too. Dirty sheets, like Stormy Daniels sheets. Cold water.(LAUGHTER)GIORDANO: But these people, it's the elitist mindset. They are all frauds and hypocrites. They're just miserable in life. It's like taking away plastic straws, as if that's the thing that is going to save the earth, the planet. Instead, now we use paper straws and every drink is just miserable to use them. They're all frauds, and I think it's about time we don't listen to and acknowledge them at this point --(APPLAUSE)GIORDANO: Because if they are going to live by what they say, then don't preach to me.GUTFELD: If we ignore them, then I have to find another story to do, and these are really easy stories.GIORDANO: Come to college campuses, man. It never ends.GUTFELD: It's just "Washington Post." OK, when I was editor of "Men's Health," before I would do anything, I would actually do the thing. I lived in a monastery for a week when I talked about it. I actually ate McDonald's for eight days when I wrote about eating McDonald's every day. I've tried everything.GIORDANO: Dan Rather shot up heroin.GUTFELD: Really?GIORDANO: He did.GUTFELD: That explains it.Jim, you are grinning at me.NORTON: I just like to look at you.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I know what I am doing tonight.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Up next, we've got news to give from where our guests live.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Coast to coast with stories that matter most. You are watching local news with Emmy-winning anchor Kellie Crystal Kelly, replacing Chet Van Jansen, who died.And now, here's Kellie.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Hello, I'm Kellie Crystal Kelly, and this is local news where every guest has to share a story from wherever they are from. Jim, why don't you go first?NORTON: Thank you very much. Did they show the video of the little duck that escaped in the school? There was a duck running through the school. It was like, no one knew what to do, and they had to finally wrangle it up. And they did free it. And it reminded me of something happening like this in high school. I was a hero. I was a local hero in North Brunswick. It was puppies. Somebody had left them overnight, and they got out of the box. And there was like seven of them, and no one knew what to do. And I called Kristi Noem.(LAUGHTER)NORTON: And she raced right over with a blowtorch and two golf clubs.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Wouldn't it have been so much easier if she came on the show? She just came on the show.All right, Nicholas, why don't you go?GIORDANO: I chose a campus reform story, because it's amazing when you find out that a person was convicted of murder and bludgeoning someone to death was allowed to sit on a college campus for nearly a week is one of these encampments. And yet it's the same people that say words are violence, that want to ban people like Riley Gaines, and they shout down people like Heather Mac Donald, yet they allowed a murderer. And it took the college a week --TIMPF: A bludgeoner, nonetheless.GIORDANO: Exactly, with a blunt force object, no less. And it took the campus a week to finally kick him off. But it shows you how far off the rails some of these people in academia have gone, and how far off the rails the students are when they will except somebody like that, but if you miss- pronoun someone, you're Satan.TIMPF: That's crazy. If I was in college and somebody was like, oh, I killed a -- I'd be like -- I wouldn't believe it. Like, why are you here if you are a bludgeoner? Tyrus, why don't you go next?TYRUS: With a blunt force object, no less.TIMPF: Yes.TYRUS: Speaking of blunt force objects, it's time for a new segment, Tyrus's stowaway.(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: So as many of you know, I have a zoo menagerie, and every once in a while we get a stowaway, somebody who tries to join the time. But we take our immigration very seriously at my zoo, and we had a little bit of an issue where someone tried to come across into our border. And we caught her, covered her up. Now listen, do not try this at home. You only can learn this if you grew up in the swamps of Louisiana. And because we have more than one son, I was fine with him doing this.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: So we caught her. We taped it up. It turns out the reason she was hanging around, she had a really bad injury. She had fishing line that was wrapped around her foot, to the point that her foot was falling off. So Rhett cut the fishing line off her and then we sent on her way.(APPLAUSE)TYRUS: But he used an old school rope and string. He caught her. He was very proud of himself. And I said, well, this doesn't excuse not going to college, but it's a start.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I was just going to say, my parents never let me do anything.TYRUS: Oh, no, if you get eaten by an alligator, it's an act of God.Would you rather me bludgeon him? Would that be better?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: This is a happy story. I don't know if your remember the story about these Bay Area school students, I think they're from St. Francis Mountain View High School. They were expelled from school because they were accused of wearing blackface in an old picture when it turned out they were wearing acne facemasks for their skin.TIMPF: I remember this.GUTFELD: They were just awarded $1 million in tuition.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Two students, they were awarded $1 million in tuition reimbursement after they were expelled.TIMPF: Two students got the money. What happened to the third guy?GUTFELD: He was actually in blackface. No, I'm kidding.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I don't know what happened to the third student.NORTON: Maybe he wasn't a student. Was he a student?GUTFELD: He might not have been a student. But anyways -- thank you, Jim, for supplying that fact. So they got $500,000 each. And it was St. Francis high school. So there you go. Maybe that'll teach people to stop trying to cancel people for things they didn't do.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: That's a good message. All right, don't go away. We'll be right back.GUTFELD: Yes.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thank you, Jim Norton, Nichola Giordano, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)