MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS HOST: And while he points to it in Israel, claim a victory, take a victory lap, America is wide open to nuclear attack. And let me just be very clear: I shouldn't be the only voice speaking about this. You're going to wake up one day and Iran is going to announce that it has a nuclear weapon and missiles to deliver it and then what?And then what?I'll see you next time on "Life, Liberty & Levin."TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening and thank you for joining us. I'm Trey Gowdy and it is SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.With a world in a precarious state, yesterday, the House passed a series of aid packages for Ukraine, and Israel, and Taiwan. Ukraine continues to fight for its life against the Russian invasion; Israel was attacked by Hamas last October and again last weekend by Iran. Taiwan is constantly threatened by China. But it's not just the need for help that's obvious. So too, is the anger among Republicans that the aid packages were even brought up for a vote.The final tallies were overwhelming and bipartisan and yet still deeply contentious. A majority of Republicans actually voted against providing aid to Ukraine, and two dozen Republicans voted against providing aid to Israel.Some Republicans have threatened to get rid of yet another speaker because these aid packages were even brought to the floor.Joining us now is someone who has served two stints in the House of Representatives, including chairing the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Darrell Issa from the great state of California.Welcome, Mr. Chairman, thank you for joining us.More Republicans voted against aid for Ukraine than for it, and two dozen Republicans opposed aid for Israel. You've been a student in Congress for a long time, so let me just ask why.Why the votes against Ukraine aid and why the votes against Israel aid?REP. DARRELL ISSA (R-CA): Well, Trey, you know from your experience, those meetings in conference where people tell you what they need to have in a bill to vote for it, or why they won't vote for something even if they agree on it. This was one of those cases.We all know that the most important thing we have as an obligation is to defend our own borders and many Republicans were angry that there wasn't more in the way of protecting our own borders, countering an administration that willfully has led over 10 million people into the country, that led to votes that would have otherwise been yes, with a package that included border security, but in this case, it was a protest vote.But there is no question at all, we are still the party of national defense, both here and around the world.GOWDY: You know, I had an old Chairman named Darrell Issa who always told me never let -- never let perfect be the enemy of good. I am sure some of our viewers are trying to figure this out.I mean, you laid it out. I've been in those conferences. You've been in more of them, but the so-called hard right within the GOP conference -- Bob Good, Matt Gaetz, Andy Biggs -- voted with Rashida Tlaib who thinks from the river to the sea is a campfire song; Cori Bush, who wants to defund all police, and Jamaal Bowman who has a thing for fire alarms.So for our viewers who have not served in Congress like you have, what do we make of a world where the House Freedom Caucus is on the same side with the squad.ISSA: Well, unfortunately, it wasn't quite all of the Freedom Caucus. But there's no question at all, we have this sort of, you know, the breakdown in the assumption that we're a team. And when you were there, we were much more of a team with division going on in conference and unity on the floor.But again, there is that issue that unites us, border security, but it is also the issue that because some people don't get enough, it divides us.And you know, the next election with President Trump coming back to office, border security being a priority, I think we're going to be able to focus also on the fact that there are other borders that enemies are attacking, which by the way, includes the Philippines and Taiwan, which didn't get the big headlines, but was quite bipartisan.And in fact, we know that China is a threat and that that is absolutely something where I think we're doing the right thing, and we're going to do more.GOWDY: All right, Chairman, you're from California, the home of Ronald Reagan. It was all about peace through strength, tear down this wall, fighting communism, is something happening within the GOP that there is a growing dovish segment or is this just an anomaly?It seems to me like the Ronald Reagan peace through strength, that there is another side within the GOP. You're closer to it. What do you make of it?ISSA: Well, I think there has always been another side Reagan unified the country by having a message and speaking above those who might say, well, you know, you know this is good, but this is imperfect.There is also the fact that the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan, a defeat after 20 years of victories, people living in oppression, the massive loss of lives of those that we went there to establish an opportunity for freedom, all of that leaves people a little disgruntled, and quite candidly, Trey, there aren't enough people who remember the Cold War and why we fought it.They talk about Reagan, but they really don't understand. Reagan came in at the end of a half century plus of fighting an adversary that wouldn't go away. And he said, you know what? We are going to take them on. We are going to double down even after the disastrous Vietnam War ended.That needs to happen again. I believe that those leaders are in the wings. I'm very happy with the company I had in voting for Ukraine, and voting to push back on these dictators.GOWDY: Chairman Darrell Issa from the great state of California, which by the way, California may actually decide who controls the House, it will not be ruby red districts like the one I live in, it is more likely to be California and New York.Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for joining us on a Sunday night and I look forward to seeing you very soon.ISSA: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.GOWDY: A third Republican has joined the effort to defrock House Speaker Mike Johnson. Others are threatening to follow suit.Johnson had to rely on Democrats to even pass the rule, allowing debate on a foreign aid package for Israel, Taiwan, and Ukraine. And Johnson also allowed a vote on FISA reauthorization.Last October, Matt Gaetz and Nancy Mace and Bob Good all linked arms with the squad to get rid of one Republican speaker, and now they have buyer's remorse.The difference is Democrats would not step in to help McCarthy, but they are riding to the rescue of Mike Johnson. So what's going on inside the Republican conference, and how does this portend for the November election?Joining us now is former Utah Congressman, Jason Chaffetz.Welcome, Chairman.Marjorie Taylor Greene called the Republican speaker of the House a traitor, which I'm pretty sure is a crime for which you can be hanged and her Republican colleagues now refer to her as Moscow Marjorie.So things have changed a little since you and I were there kind of politely poking fun at one another's suits. This is a pretty serious fight going on within the GOP conference.CHAFFETZ: Yes, Trey, when they moved to vacate the chair with just one person, I thought that was a fundamental mistake. I think there should be a more significant number of people to call for another vote.And it is interesting because Democrats could do that at any point, and they haven't. And so I think they need to change that.But look, one of the challenges I see and I don't know if you see it this way, but I see is that members have forgotten one of the core competencies that our founders sought in a member of Congress and that is the art of persuasion.It is not good enough to just go on Instagram and throw some bombs out there and just yell and scream and throw a tantrum. It's an art of persuasion. That's the way our government set up. You've got 435 members, and if you're not getting your way and you're frustrated, then you're failing, because you have yet to do what you're supposed to do, which is persuade others to see it the way that you do.GOWDY: Speaking of the art of persuasion, or perhaps the antithesis of that, let's listen to the congresswoman from Georgia together and then I'll ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): Mike Johnson has betrayed America. He's betrayed Republican voters.Under his leadership, he has passed the Democratic agenda, passed the Biden administration's policies and fully funded them.We're going to fight in Congress to do everything we can to stop this type of uniparty leadership.Mike Johnson's speakership is over. He needs to do the right thing to resign and allow us to move forward in a controlled process. If he doesn't do so, he will be vacated.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: You know, JC, that sounds like a Democrat attack ad. That's what that sounds like to me, and it is one Republican going after the speaker of the House. So look, I mean, November elections are just a few months away. The districts that determine who wins the majority are not ruby red districts in Utah and South Carolina, they are swing districts in California and New York.So how does this kind of language and fighting and name calling help win the minds of undecided voters in swing districts?CHAFFETZ: Yes. I didn't hear the name Hakeem Jeffries come out of her lips and talk about the frustration that she has for the Democrats.Look, the bill that came up, I think, I probably would have voted against it. I think that the priority of securing our border over supporting all those other worthy causes, I think is paramount and I would be frustrated about that.But let's remember that when the majority of the majority, the so-called Hastert Rule that you and I lived under, when you have so many people that are voting and supporting those types of things and want to see those bills happen and go to the floor, then put them up for a vote.I happen to think that Congress should be voting more often, even if I don't like it, I can vote against it, but to rail against the speaker to say it's all on him and that he is some Democratic, you know, uniparty person, I don't think is productive whatsoever.She would be, I think, better off to shoot that ire that she has towards the Democrats and try to get them to explain why they won't secure our borders. They'll secure everybody else's, but they won't secure our own.GOWDY: You know, it's almost like there's not two Democrat US senators in Georgia. I mean, that's where my ire would be directed at how my state elected two Democrats, which gave them a working majority back when it happened.Lots of this, I think JC, is about fundraising and fame. Matt Gaetz made a lot of money going after Kevin McCarthy, others watched and wanted to follow suit. You literally became a household name as the chairman of the Oversight Committee, but not because you were calling people names. You actually did it through your work, through committee work, through legislative work, will we ever get back to the days were actually working hard is what makes you famous, instead of what you say making you famous?CHAFFETZ: Well, thank you, and I appreciate it. I think you did the same as you made the argument. I think back to Patrick Moynihan, the Democratic senator, you know, 30-plus years ago.I didn't agree with much of what he said, but his ability to persuade people to go to the floor and make an argument. I saw you do that. I saw others in our conference do that.Tim Scott is exceptionally good at this. Marco Rubio is really good at this. That's why Congress, that's the way our founders had this setup. It wasn't to have the biggest following on Instagram and get to people -- look, I'm frustrated with the way the country is going, but I also know that my frustration is mostly fired towards, you know, a feckless Joe Biden and Democrats who won't secure our border, but you've got to be able to make that argument.Barack Obama was the president, I had seven bills passed, and that's because I was able to persuade people on both sides of the aisle.GOWDY: Jason Chaffetz proving that you can be famous and still not call for a Republican speaker be guilty of a capital offense.Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night. Look forward to visiting with you soon.CHAFFETZ: Thank you.GOWDY: Still ahead, the outgoing Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem on where Israel stands and the ever present threat from Iran. That's next on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.War in the Holy Land continues. Last weekend, Iran attacked the Jewish state launching hundreds of drones and missiles. Israel responded this week with strikes of its own inside Iran. Are the direct attacks between Iran and Israel over? Will Iran revert to using proxies to do the fighting and dying for them?Now, what about the US? With Russia and China siding with Iran, where is the world's greatest superpower in this war?President Biden was clear in his condemnation of Iran, but he has also been pretty clear in his criticism of Israel. Reportedly, Israel wanted to respond to Iran forcefully and immediately. But Biden made it clear, Israel would do so alone without the help of the US.The United Nations has been about as worthless as you would expect. But the European Union stepped up sanctions to discourage more Iranian aggression.The world is dangerous, Congress is feckless, and Joe Biden is trying to appease both sides heading into the November elections grudgingly siding with Israel, but courting young Democratic voters who are decidedly anti- Israel.Joining us now is outgoing Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem Fleur Hassan-Nahoum.Welcome, Deputy Mayor.Iran has been a war with the West for decades. It's just a lot more obvious when hundreds of missiles and drones rain down on Israel. So first of all, tell us what damage was done inside your country despite a robust defense system, actual and psychological damage that you suffered last weekend.FLEUR HASSAN-NAHOUM, OUTGOING DEPUTY MAYOR OF JERUSALEM: So you're very right. We've been at war with Iran for many, many years, but they've always -- they have never shown on their hand. It has always been a proxy war through their agents -- Hamas in the south of Israel, Hezbollah to the north of Israel in Lebanon.They've destroyed Syria. They've gone in with the Houthis, and even killed some American servicemen and women in the Red Sea Channel.And today, what we see is that for the first time ever, Iran has shown their hand and Iran attacked Israel directly in an unprecedented, incredible amount of missiles and we are very grateful to the United States for helping us fend off that very brutal attack, which could have been really, really, really bad.And thanks to help from the United States, France, the UK, and even the Jordanian Air Force, we managed to repel the attack that could have been really devastating.GOWDY: You are correct that the US and other friendly nations did defend Israel and helped with the Iron Dome, Israel responded to the Iranian attack, but to some of us, the attack was more muted than what we were contemplating.So in your judgment, was Israel, planning something more robust and was discouraged from doing so, in particular, by the Biden administration?HASSAN-NAHOUM: Look, we're in the middle of a war, a brutal war with Hamas in the south who have taken 134 of our innocent men, women, and babies. And if we went all out war with Iran, it could mean a huge regional war that everybody would have dragged into.I actually think that Iran is the Nazi Germany of the 1930s, and I think that the world eventually is going to have to deal with Iran. Enough with this Chamberlain attitude of appeasing them. They will not be appeased.These are fundamentalist jihadi ideologues who want to push the world back 500 years. So sooner or later, they threatened the entire free world. At the moment, they start with Israel, but they make it very clear, Israel is the Little Satan, America is the Big Satan. They talk about it very, very clearly.And so at the moment, maybe it's not the time for a regional war, because that may have escalated to that, but I think that eventually we're going to get there. Whether the administration thinks we're going to get there or not, it is inevitable.GOWDY: All right, mentioned Iran as part of this new evil axis, axis of evil harking back to World War Two. Both Presidents Obama and Biden seem to think Iran could be negotiated with, that a country who fundamentally believes in Death to Israel and the United States is a good negotiating partner. What should the world's response to Iran be either via sanctions or militarily?HASSAN-NAHOUM: Well, first of all, I'm a believer that when people keep telling you, they want to kill you, you should believe them. And for years already, what Iran really wants to do is change the world order, but start with the Middle East.The Middle East has got a very significant American presence and Iran doesn't want America in the Middle East. We're just seen by Iran as the agent of the United States and the free world. And so, they see Saudi Arabia, they see the Emirates, they see Bahrain, Iran is a threat to any country in the region and in the world that wants peace and prosperity for their people.They want a very dark jihadi fundamentalism. And this is a threat to the entire world. So when America helps Israel and other countries help Israel, they're also helping themselves. But like I said, I just don't see how we can continue to live in a world where these people are doing everything they're doing. They're the biggest exporters of terrorism across the world.If you get rid of the Iranian regime, you get rid of the majority of the terrorism in the world. Just think about that for a second. So I don't see how eventually, we don't have to deal with it. The question is, who's going to be brave? Who's going to be Churchill? Because at the moment we see a lot of Chamberlains in the world.GOWDY: Yes, speaking of Neville Chamberlain, Chuck Schumer called for regime change in Israel. I have not heard him call for regime change in Iran, but we will save that for another conversation.The deputy mayor of Jerusalem, thank you so much for joining us again on the Sunday night.HASSAN-NAHOUM: Thank you.GOWDY: Still ahead, the jury is seated. Opening statements are next in the state of New York versus Donald J. Trump, former federal prosecutor, Andrew Cherkasky and Fox News legal editor Kerri Kupec Urbahn on this historic trial after the break.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JACKIE IBANEZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jackie Ibanez in New York on this Sunday night.The White House and several New York leaders are strongly condemning the ongoing pro-Palestinian protests at Columbia University. President Biden is calling them blatantly antisemitic and a rabbi at the school is warning Jewish students to leave the campus for their own safety.Protesters are demanding a ceasefire in Gaza, and for the university to completely divest from Israel. More than 100 people have been arrested since demonstrations started last week.Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is urging the US Senate to quickly pass a $95 billion aid bill to help his military fend off Russia's invasion. He says long range weapons and air defense systems are needed most. The aid is part of a larger package passed by the House, Saturday. It also provides aid to Israel and Taiwan.The Senate is set to vote on the legislation, Tuesday.I'm Jackie Ibanez.GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Jury selection is more psychology than law. It's more art than science. Can people really put aside opinions and beliefs and base their decisions solely on evidence from inside a courtroom? Because that requires restraint and fairness and humility and yet it happens in courtrooms all across our country every week. Can it happen in a case so inextricably intertwined with politics?It is true some people want to serve in high profile cases. It is more common people will do almost anything to avoid serving on a jury, because jury service is hard and is inconvenient and it is thankless, but as a fundamental part of our justice system, the government can be told no by a group of ordinary citizens sitting in a jury box. It is one of the great marvels of our republic that one person can defeat the whole of government or a single person can take on a large corporation and win.History will be made this week. It's the first time a former president has gone to trial on criminal charges, but history has already told us what to do: May justice be done, though the heavens fall.Joining us now, former federal prosecutor, Andrew Cherkasky and Fox News legal editor Kerri Kupec Urbahn.Thank you both for joining us.Kerri, politics tends to ruin everything. Can 12 people set their personal beliefs aside, even on a polarizing defendant and base their verdict solely on the evidence presented inside the courtroom? Are you confident that can be done?KERRI KUPEC URBAHN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL EDITOR: Of course, it can be done, but what my concern is, Trey, more than anything else is that these jurors will take their cues from the prosecutor in this case. They will take their cue from Attorney General Letitia James.You know, something that Bill Barr used to say when we were at DOJ was that the Department of Justice is not the department of prosecution, and I think people need to understand sometimes, and this is -- and Justice Jackson, who was an attorney general, in the first part of our 20th Century, he said this: The prosecutor has more control over life, liberty and reputation than any other person in America.And what I've been very concerned about, as I've watched these cases in New York unfold against Donald Trump is that there seems to be only a focus on the letter of the law and not the spirit. The spirit asks what is fair and without the spirit, that's not justice. That's an abuse and manipulation.GOWDY: All right, Andrew, I'm going to appoint you to give opening statement for the defense.So what do you say, do you do it now or do you wait until you present your case later? I assume you can do that in New York. I know you can do it in South Carolina.What defense is both admissible and will work in front of a jury? And do you let the jury know upfront whether your client will testify or not?ANDREW CHERKASKY, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Well, it's show time for the defense in Donald Trump's case and I think that they need to stand up and give a very powerful opening statement.I always do in my practice, give that opening statement right after the prosecution before the open of the case and I think what they need to sell very strong is that this started with an extortion scheme from Stormy Daniels and that Donald Trump in the run up to the 2016 election, wanted to get rid of that nuisance instead of involving the Department of Justice of his enemy in politics at the time, Barack Obama and Joe Biden.And that instead of dealing with the legal fallout that might come with a DOJ complaint that what he did was engaged in a perfectly legal nondisclosure agreement with Stormy Daniels, not for the purpose of protecting his run up to the election, but for purposes of protecting his own self-image, for purposes of protecting his business, his marriage, and many other very valid reasons for somebody to engage in a hush money or a nondisclosure agreement with an individual who is coming forward with allegations that simply he claims are not true.And so it's not just that level, but the defense also has to raise that even if that specific intent is found in that first part of the element, that there is an additional element that they must prove, an additional crime, essentially, that it was dealing with an election money cover up.And so, there are so many layers here. The defense really needs to put that case forward in the opening statement, talk a lot about the specific intent elements that are required here and the difficulty the prosecutors are going to have.And then finally, they need to hammer on the proof beyond a reasonable doubt standard. They need to never let back on that.GOWDY: Kerri, I am going to make you a jury consultant, at least for the next couple of minutes.Members of the jury watch everything, and even if a defendant does not testify, they are watching how a defendant reacts, conduct himself or herself. What advice would you have for the former president on how to comport himself once the jury is in the courtroom and they are watching him?URBAHN: Well, to the extent that he can sit in a counsel's table, I would suggest that he appear engaged, which he always is; polite when things pop up, certainly have a good demeanor, a demeanor that they will like and feel comfortable with.I think it's very important for him to not to do anything that could be perceived as intimidation, anything that can be perceived as rude or abrasive. He wants to be as likable as he possibly can.And given how I personally think unfair this whole proceeding has been against him and I think a great example of that, it is just the fact that this gag order remains imposed against him, yet there is not one for Michael Cohen who has a podcast, who can do media interviews, can say anything, and not be under the penalty of perjury, I think says quite something about the way these proceedings are going, you have a judge who donated to Joe Biden's campaign for president, a small dollar donation. But the fact that he did it when there were Trump cases percolating and could come before him, I think says something as well.So it's important though, that Trump keeps his cool to the extent that he can and be as likable as possible.GOWDY: All right, Andrew, we've only got a little bit of time, but Kerri just raised some things. My question you. You're our evidence professor from now until we go to the break. How much of that is going to be admissible? The president calling it a witch hunt, the political motivation -- how much of that is a jury going to be able to hear from the defense?CHERKASKY: They're going to hear almost none of that, and I think that the defense should steer away from that. We saw Donald Trump really try to hammer in his New York civil trial over and over again how unfair it is, but this is the time to engender good spirit with the with the jury to have them see Donald Trump as the magnanimous figure that he sometimes can be. We saw him a couple of weeks ago at a Chick-Fil-A in Atlanta, and how much people loved him.So he needs to walk into that courtroom and be a lovable character that the jury wants to cheer for.GOWDY: It is going to be fascinating. History will be made. We shall see if, in the words of John Adams: Justice is done though the heavens may fall.Thank you both. I have a feeling this will not be the last time the three of us get together. But thank you for joining us on a Sunday night.URBAHN: Thank you.CHERKASKY: Thank you, Trey.GOWDY: Up next, if you blinked you missed it, the impeachment trial of DHS Secretary Ali Mayorkas over before it began. Senator Joni Ernst after the break with more.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.The border remains open and one of the two people responsible will not face an impeachment trial after all.Ali Mayorkas was charged on Articles of Impeachment, but when the judge is also the foreperson of the jury and the Senate's leading Democrat, the result is predictable. Nothing. The border is the number one issue on the minds of voters. It's just not the number one issue on the minds of Senate Democrats.Mayorkas wasn't going to be convicted by a Democrat controlled Senate, but there wasn't even a trial because what Chuck Schumer really wanted to avoid was a public airing of the consequences of an open border from fentanyl deaths to Laken Riley and others killed by those here illegally, to people on the national terrorism watchlist roaming the country, to what this open border has cost in money and blood: Can Republicans capitalize on the disconnect between what voters want and what Democrats are offering or will House Republicans deflect attention off of vulnerable Senate Democrats and back onto themselves?Joining us is Senate Armed Services Committee member and Republican Policy Committee Chair, Senator Joni Ernst from the great state of Iowa.Welcome, Senator.The border is the number one issue for voters. The consequences of an open border are devastating and Mayorkas will not even stand trial.Do you think the Senate GOP is going to make sure voters know how vulnerable Senate Democrats voted?SEN. JONI ERNST (R-IA): Absolutely, Trey, and thank you so much.This is a travesty. It was our constitutional duty to take up those Articles of Impeachment that were sent over from our United States House of Representatives on Alejandro Mayorkas and the Senate Democrats refused to do that. We didn't even hear any evidence.The Democrats dismissed those articles before we were able to take a look at any level of evidence. So this is on voters' minds. This is the number one issue in Iowa, of all places. We are not a border state physically touching Mexico.But at this point, all states are border states because of the influx of drugs, human trafficking and so forth. So this will be on voters top of mind, come this November. And I do think that the Senate Democrats are going to be very vulnerable, because they refuse to take up this impeachment trial.So yes, Trey, I think this is going to weigh heavy on them in the elections, as it should.GOWDY: Yes, as you as you say, I was in your beautiful state of Iowa, it is not a border state, not a southern border state, my of my geographical recollection, neither does South Carolina and neither is Montana, which there's a very competitive seat.Pennsylvania, there's a very competitive seat. Ohio, there is a very competitive seat. So we shall see.President Biden seems to be able to find his executive power pen when it comes to student loan relief or gun control or COVID mandates. But he claims that he is powerless to do anything about the border via executive action. What is the truth? Can he do more what he is doing without Congress?ERNST: Oh, yes, Trey, and you know this quite well. We saw this under President Donald Trump. He was able to secure the border with the laws that were in place, but President Biden has exacerbated the issue by encouraging people to come to our southern border and then allowing his Secretary of Homeland Security Mayorkas to catch and release into the interior all of these illegal immigrants.So the president does have authorities to shut down the border, he refuses to exercise those authorities. We know we need to strengthen our own codes to make the border more secure, but certainly, the president has great opportunity to do what he can within executive actions to make sure that we are not taking these illegals and releasing them into the United States.GOWDY: Senator, you served in uniform, so before I let you go, I have to ask you a question about war. It looks like the tide of war is turning in Eastern Europe. The House just passed an aid package.Speaker Mike Johnson actually changed his mind on aid to Ukraine. He said, based on intelligence briefings, that he doesn't think Russia will stop with Ukraine, that they will keep going.You're a student of this. What do you think? I mean, do you think that Russia is just going to take a little tiny bit of Ukraine and back off, or do you think it's the right move for Congress of the United States to help Ukraine defend itself?ERNST: I think it was absolutely the right move by Speaker Johnson to reassess his beliefs in Ukraine. I am a supporter of Ukraine. I'm a supporter of pushing back against authoritarian regimes. I think that this is really important, because no, Trey, we all know that Russia is not going to stop with a little sliver of Ukraine. They will continue to gain strength, they will continue their march across Ukraine, they will take what they can, they will control the southern portion of Ukraine.Certainly, they'd love to have Odesa under their control, because that leads them right on to Moldova. Moldova is not a NATO member as well. And it would fall quite easily. It does not have the means to defend itself.But yes, our NATO friends in Europe are very, very concerned about this. I think that we should do what we can to make sure that Ukraine can push back against Russia, because right now, Trey, it's not our sons and daughters that are involved in this war. And if they move further, if they advance on the Baltics, if they advance on Poland, it will be our sons and daughters and that is a risk I am not willing to take.So let's stop Russia where they are. Let's get them out of Ukraine and let's keep them in their place.GOWDY: Senator Joni Ernst from the great state of Iowa, thank you for your service to our country. We'll see you soon.ERNST: You betcha. God bless you, Trey. Thank you.GOWDY: Yes, ma'am. You, too.Up next, what brings happiness? One of the nation's leading experts on how to find happiness and significance, Dr. Arthur Brooks joins us next only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.More research is out this week about young people and the epidemic of unhappiness in which they are seemingly mired. Information technology, social media connection aren't leading to happiness. So what does?Recently, I had the chance to sit down and talk to an expert on many things including the science of happiness.Harvard professor, social scientists, and prolific author, Dr. Arthur Brooks.Thank you for joining us, Doc. What's going on? Young people have what you and I do not have any more with respect to both of us, which is youth and time, and yet they seem to struggle with this thing called happiness.DR. ARTHUR BROOKS, HARVARD PROFESSOR, SOCIAL SCIENTISTS, AND AUTHOR: Yes, that's right and nice to see you, Trey.It is an important topic that has been studied a lot by me and many others and there's new data out from Gallup on this that shows exactly what most of us have been seeing with the younger generation, which is that they have higher rates of depression, higher rates of anxiety, and lower rates of happiness than older adults and people in past generations.So you're right, the big question is why? And the second big question is, what can we do about it?GOWDY: All right, well, like any mediocre lawyer, I am going to ask you why and what can we do about it? Those are my two follow up questions.BROOKS: Yes, you know, I got it and the reason why is actually pretty simple that we find. So there are four big things that bring anybody greater happiness. The habits of happiest people are faith, family, friendship, and work that serves other people that feels like a vocation.Meaningful work is incredibly important and people have really struggled with that, although you're finding that more and more young people are kind of getting into the zone of their work.Faith is falling away, and more and more people say that they have no faith. The year that I was born in the mid-60s, one percent of the population said they had no faith, and now, it is 33 percent who say they have no faith and that is primarily concentrated in the cohorts that we're studying, which is to say Gen Z and millennials.They are less likely to form families. One of the great secrets of a happy life is getting married and having kids. It is old as the hills and yet it needs to be reinforced in generation after generation. And fewer people have close friends. More and more people are -- especially young people -- are likely to say no one knows me well.Those are the four big reasons, and then of course, there are these, you know, these crises. The biggest crisis, of course, is the people are mediating their friendships through social media. You can't do it that way. Your brain won't let you do it that way. The more you binge on social media, the lonelier you get.Now, that's not a problem for you and me, but for young people, it certainly is. The second is that they are child soldiers in a culture war based on campus activism, and how the political parties are manipulating young people to hate people who disagree with them, that will make them miserable and indeed it is.And last but not least, it is the loneliness that has come from the coronavirus epidemic and that just hasn't healed up yet. So there is your list of reasons, Trey. What do you think?GOWDY: I think you're an expert on it. I now know why you teach a class on it.You and I were talking recently about a test on your website to kind of find out who we are and what to embrace about it. You said I was a mad scientist. My wife said you were half right. You were half right, you got the mad part right, but not the scientist.Is there something to self-acceptance as who we are as part of happiness? And how do we balance our gifts with our limitations?BROOKS: Yes, well, part of it is actually -- it is knowing yourself, is actually gathering a little bit of knowledge and then trying to work on yourself in a very real way, as opposed to trying to change the whole outside world.And the younger generation has learned through the way that we've kept them safe as much as possible, I mean, the sort of the babying that has gone on way longer than past generations, my parents, certainly they took no interest in what I was doing, perhaps that was a problem in the other direction, but young people today are told that if you're feeling anxiety or depression, something is wrong with you, we have to treat you. It's not normal. All of that is false.The truth of the matter is that, you know, life is hard that we actually learn and grow from negative emotions. They're very normal and you need to learn about yourself such that you can manage your feelings, so they don't matter to you.And we've taken away the skills from young people to do exactly that by protecting them, by sending them to schools that fire them up in radical activism and then try to protect them from all opposing points of view, and the result of it is that we're paying the price. Young people today are really suffering a lot and it is my generation that is responsible for that.GOWDY: All right, before, I let you go, money and fame have been talked about forever. You mentioned finding significance in your work and how that can lead to happiness. I'm going to let you take the last minute and tell us how that works, finding significance and what we do for a living.BROOKS: Yes, so social media has been really deleterious in the relationship, meaning the relationship that young people have with their work. Why? Because it's made people more materialistic, more comparative with other people and made them want to seek fame or the admiration of other people much more than they have in the past.None of those things will make you happy, especially through your work. What I tell my students is that they need to look for what is most interesting to them and do it with a singular focus, with a sense of love, with a sense of purpose, where you earn your success in other words, with your hard work and personal responsibility, you try to be rewarded and acknowledged and you serve other people.You see your work as an offering up to other people. That's what you need: Earn success and service to others. That's what will bring meaning from work and that's going to solve a lot of our problems once a lot of young people figure that out.GOWDY: Dr. Arthur Brooks, I'll tell you friends, if you're not following him, if you're not reading him, if you're not listening to him, you're doing yourself a disservice.Thank you for joining us again. Always love talking to you.We'll see you soon.BROOKS: Thanks, Trey.GOWDY: Thank you for spending part of your Sunday with us. I hope you have a great week ahead. Until next week, you can find us online at Gowdy America or "The Trey Gowdy Podcast."Goodnight from South Carolina.