BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: I'm Benjamin Hall, in for Shannon Bream.Israel orders civilians in Rafah to evacuate as it prepares to move its military operation closer to the heavily populated southern Gaza city, despite tough words from President Biden.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: If they go into Rafah, I'm not supplying the weapons that have been used historically to deal with Rafah.HALL (voice-over): The White House warns it will withhold key weapon support over Israel's threatened full-scale ground invasion of Rafah. The move causing friction on both sides of the aisle.SEN. JOHN THUNE (R-SD): It puts Israel's national security interest at risk. This is insane.REP. JARED MOSKOWITZ (D-FL): When they see America pulling back, even in the slightest, right, that is a message to Hamas of, we don't have to agree to a ceasefire.HALL: And leaving Israel vowing to fight on.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: If Israel has to stand alone, we'll stand alone.HALL: This as protester rage on campus collides with commencements.We'll speak with Florida Republican Senator Rick Scott and ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee, Democratic Congressman Adam Smith.Then, former President Trump loses out on his push to lift a gag order in New York's hush money trial, as testimony from the prosecution star witness wraps.But in the thick of legal obstacles, Trump's track takes him to the Jersey Shore.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Every time the radical left Democrats, Marxists, communists, and fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor.HALL: Our Sunday panel discusses the campaign, the trial, and next week's big testimony.Plus, inside one of America's premier rehab hospitals helping veterans regain their lives.You walk as if you -- you didn't have prosthetics. How -- how did that happen?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A lot of work, blood, sweat and tears.HALL: All, right now, on "FOX News Sunday".(END VIDEOTAPE)HALL (on camera): And hello from FOX News in Washington.Here are the headlines from the Israel-Hamas war. Thousands of Palestinian civilians are trying to flee Rafah after Israel ordered an evacuation of the southern Gazan city Saturday. An IDF spokesman says dozens of Hamas militants have been killed in targeted operations and Israel now controls the Gaza side of the main crossing gate from Egypt.The World Food Programme says it is running out of food to distribute in southern Gaza, fearing civilians could face a full-blown famine.Here in the U.S. demonstrators calling for a ceasefire continue to protest, hundreds shutting down the upper level of New York City's iconic Manhattan Bridge and commencement ceremonies at a number of universities across the country saw disruptions this weekend, including the University of Wisconsin at Madison, the University of Texas at Austin, and UC Berkeley.In a moment, we'll talk with Republican Senator Rick Scott, and House Armed Services Committee ranking member, Democrat Adam Smith.But, first, let's turn to Trey Yingst on the ground in southern Israel.Trey, good morning.TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Benjamin, good morning.With diplomatic efforts to end the war unsuccessful, here along the Israel- Gaza border, air strikes continue against Hamas positions.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (voice-over): Nearly 220 days into the war between Israel and Hamas, the battle rages on. Israeli forces are now operating again in northern Gaza, going after cells of Hamas fighters and launching new air strikes, while ground troops move in on Gaza's southernmost city of Rafah.REAR ADMIRAL DANIEL HAGARI, ISRAEL DEFENSE FORCES SPOKESPERSON: Since the start of our precise operation against Hamas in Rafah, we have eliminated dozens of terrorists, exposed underground terror tunnels and vast amounts of weapons.YINGST: The Israel Defense Forces say more than 300,000 Palestinians have fled Rafah for the Mawasi humanitarian zone that sits along the Mediterranean Sea. More leaflets were dropped with evacuation orders in recent hours.AHMED AL-NADI, DISPLACED MAN (through translator): Words cannot describe how we feel right now, like people who were forced to flee from northern Gaza to the south now people living in the south have to flee to the central part. Life is extremely difficult, unbearable.YINGST: Pressure continues to mount on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, to call off the Rafah ground invasion, cut a ceasefire deal and end the war.Not only is the Israeli leader facing continued international pressure from the Biden administration and others over increasing civilian casualty rates in Gaza but he's also seeing fresh demonstrations against his government that currently lacks a plan to end the conflict. More than seven months into the war, Hamas still holds 132 people hostage, some dead and some alive.RICHELLE TZARFATI, MOTHER OF LATE HOSTAGE OFIR TZARFATI (through translator): Use the full force required to bring our loved ones at any cost necessary in order to restore peace of mind in comfort to the bereaved and hostages' families.(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): Amid negotiations to get the hostages out of Gaza, Hamas maintains an ability to target major Israeli population centers. Earlier today, we heard rocket sirens sounding in the southern city of Ashdod -- Benjamin.HALL: Yeah, those rockets, they keep coming.Trey, has there been any update on the humanitarian pier that the U.S. military was building. And I suppose, is there any danger to U.S. soldiers as that starts to move towards Gaza?YINGST: Yes, so we understand that the pier is now complete, this $320 million project was slightly delayed due to weather and the tide. But once it's in place, U.S. officials do estimate around 90 trucks of aid a day. We'll be able to pick up supplies from the Mediterranean coast and take it into Gaza to help many vulnerable Palestinians there -- Benjamin.HALL: Yeah. Trey Yingst, thank you very much, reporting from Israel there. Trey, thanks. See you laterWell, joining us now is Florida Senator Rick Scott.And, Senator, very grateful for having you on today, and as you heard there, the situation in Gaza at the moment is getting -- it's getting pretty harsh for the -- for the Palestinians. But the big news this week is that President Biden is withholding weapons from Israel.You know, what message do you think that sends both to Israel and also what message does that send to Hamas?SEN. RICK SCOTT (R-FL): Well, first off, it's a horrible message for Israel. I was over -- I was over in Israel about six weeks ago, I met with the prime minister and I met with Gallant, the minister of defense, I met with IDF.And they don't have a choice. The -- you know, Hamas is you know the last battalions are in Rafah. If they're going to destroy Hamas, which they have to do for any security, they have to go in. And they said they're going to do everything they can to get the civilians out.I went to Kfar Aza, half a mile from Gaza, I walked the same streets I was in 2019, where today, 63 people were killed, babies were beheaded, girls were raped, people were burned alive, people shot just point blank for being one thing, Jewish.I went to the Nova Film Festival area and I talked to parents. I lost their loved ones. Israel has no choice but destroy Rafah.I've always believed that, you know, Biden is unfortunately now part of the pro-Hamas wing of his party that's all they're worried about is he's worried about winning a presidential election. Thank God for President Trump, he is one of the most pro-Israel presidents in our in our history and I hope he wins so, you know, we can get somebody in there that's going to support Israel.This is -- it's disgusting. This -- if money that goes to Gaza is going to Hamas, whether we like it or not, it's not going to the Gazans, it's going to help Hamas. Those tunnels were built with money from America, those missiles or rockets that were sent into Israel, there's money for America.HALL: And I suppose, you know, one of the big news this week is that President Biden is withholding weapons from Israel.But Republicans are heavily critical about this, but you have to remember that Reagan did the same thing back in 1981, "The New York Times" saying this, saying, Mr. Reagan used the power of American arms several times to influence Israeli war policy at different points, ordering warplanes and cluster munitions to be delayed or withheld.So what do you make of that? I mean, I'm sure you were a fan of President Reagan, but how do you explain the difference from what happened in 1981 and what President Biden is doing today?SCOTT: Well, we have to live in reality. Today, here's what we know, the last battalions of Hamas are primarily in Rafah, all right? Israel has no choice but to destroy Hamas, all right? Egypt, unfortunately, won't open up their borders to let the Palestinians or the Gazans come in. I mean, that's frustrating -- that that's not happen.I don't know why Biden is doing nothing to force Egypt to open up their borders to -- so the civilians -- if he was worried about the civilians in Gaza, get Egypt open their borders and let them come in. But this idea that we are not going to support Israel's ability to destroy Hamas and how is Israel ever -- how do you ever live in, in any peace in Israel?And by the way, we still have eight American hostages. Why doesn't Biden even talk about these hostages? I mean, we have eight Americans. We have over 30 Americans that were killed. I -- you know, hardly ever hear anything out of Biden's mouth.Today, you know, where we are today is Israel needs our support. They've got to destroy Hamas. Hamas is in Rafah. So the civilians need to leave. That's what Israel is trying to do. They're doing everything they can to keep the civilians safe.HALL: But it is interesting --SCOTT: That's a commitment they've always made to mean.HALL: It is interesting that President Biden is doing something that President Reagan did in '81, and yet he has you know been criticized for it.So, you know -- I'd like to move on to President Trump's court case at the moment, but I mean, it's interesting to see how both sides did that.President Trump was in court recently and you were there as well at his alleged hush money trial and speaking afterwards, you came out -- you spoke and you attacked the judge's daughter, the prosecutor's wife, something that the former president has prohibited from doing himself under a gag order.And I suppose why did you decide to join the president this week in court and then purposely go after the judge's family?SCOTT: Well, number one is President Trump is a friend. I've known him for a long time even before I was Florida's governor. I mean, this is ridiculous what's going on. You know, they're using, you know, the Democrats are using the court system to go after and prosecute criminally a political opponent. I mean, that's a crime. This is wrong.I mean, what the Democrats are doing they're just thugs trying to stop Trump from being able to run for president. I mean, this has happened -- it happened to me, it's happened to a lot of people.But here's the deal. Just think about this is, the Justice Department and Biden Justice Department sent their number three person down to be the lead prosecutor. Does not sound bad? His wife is a big donor, right? The judge's daughter -- judge is a Democrat donor. The judge's daughter is a big Democrat fundraiser.Everybody involved in this, right, is part of the Democrat machine. And so, it's this -- I mean, it just it looks horrible what's going on here. And so, and then they put a gag order on Trump in the middle of a presidential race. I mean, all they're trying to do is make sure Trump can't go win the presidency.Biden can't run on his record. Trump's got a record. The border was secure, the economy was -- were good and not at war.Biden's record, the Biden -- the border's wide open. Inflation is unbelievable and now we're at war around the world. So what he's got -- what Biden's got to try to do is try to silence -- silence Trump, and that's what he's trying to do right now.HALL: Yeah. You were very vocal about certainly earlier this week.I wanted to ask also about the campus protests that we're seeing across America at the moment. You are taking part in an Israeli solidarity event countering these encampments.What do you make of these protests? And also, what do you think that it says about the future of university here and perhaps also about the future of young Americans?SCOTT: Well, first off, these university presidents are complacent in allowing people to spew hatred. Picking one group, Jews, to allow these individuals come on their campus and be violent, trespass all these things without immediately saying that has to stop, you -- then you're complacent. You've got -- we've got to call out hatred, antisemitism every day.So what's going on in this country, we're allowing people to spew hatred and not countering it.I'm really disappointed in the mayor of D.C. I mean, when George Washington University asked for support, right, asked for support, she said no. She only got rid of the protesters when she had to testify in Congress.So this is a dangerous time. I mean, we need to stand up for Jews in this country. We need to stand up for Israel, and it's -- it's a pretty scary time if you're a Jewish student at these universities right now.I've talked to a lot of them. I was at George Washington University which is where my daughter went. And the Jewish student leaders were not even allowed to meet with the president of the university.HALL: Yeah.SCOTT: I mean, this stuff's wrong.HALL: Yeah, and the concern is that we're going to start seeing more and more of this as well in the future.Senator Rick Scott, thank you so much for joining us today. We really appreciate it. Thank you.SCOTT: Have a good day. Bye, Benjamin.HALL: Bye.Well, joining us now is Washington congressman and ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee, Adam Smith.Congressman, I wanted to start perhaps with the protest, again, we were just talking about.In your own party, the far-left members are saying that it is because of these protests at universities that Biden has decided to hold back weapons to Israel.Here's what Congressman Ilhan Omar said. She said: This is what young people across the country were protesting for and finally the needle has moved in a significant way. I hope we see more progress but don't ever let people tell you that your voices are meaningless and your actions are worthless. The ark of what is possible is always within us to bend.So do you agree that the protests influence the White House's decision and do you think they are incentivizing further disruption as well?REP. ADAM SMITH (D-WA): Yeah, absolutely not. I mean, that is a ridiculous assertion.What incentivized the president's decision was two things: the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, which you described I think quite well in the opening to this, and second, the fact that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has no plan for what's going to happen in Gaza going forward. And this is something the president has been pushing from the very beginning.Yes, destroy Hamas. And by the way, the notion that President Biden isn't supporting Israel is ridiculous. We just signed a $15 billion supplemental plan to support Israel. We have been shipping weapons to Israel throughout this crisis. President Biden has been doing that.He is unquestionably supporting Israel and, by the way, I was at an event with President Biden yesterday. The very first thing he said was, if Hamas would release the hostages, this war would be done. He supports Israel, he understands that Hamas needs to be destroyed.HALL: Yeah.SMITH: But that's not it. That's not all that needs to be done. There needs to be a future for Gaza, and that is not there. Even in the sections of Gaza that Israel has cleared, Hamas is coming back. What is Netanyahu's plan for the future? That's what the president is pushing.HALL: Yeah.SMITH: He supports Israel unequivocally, but it's not going to help Israel if Hamas just comes back because there's no future for the Palestinian people.HALL: Yeah. Congressman, you say that President Biden is totally supporting Israel. But I want to read you something that the "Washington Post" reported just yesterday. It says, "The Biden administration, working urgently to stave off a full-scale Israeli invasion of Rafah, is offering Israel valuable assistance if it holds back, including sensitive intelligence to help the Israeli military pinpoint the location of Hamas leaders and find the group's hidden tunnels."And I think it is amazing, first of all, that this intelligence has not already been shared. That's what someone would do if you wanted to help and get American hostages out.SMITH: Sure.HALL: And the other one is, how can the U.S. use intelligence like this as leverage?SMITH: The crucial thing about that story is there's no evidence whatsoever that it's true. The Biden administration has absolutely been sharing intelligence and been working with Israel from the very start of this war. That too has been widely reported. So I don't think there's any evidence whatsoever that that is being done.HALL: But there is evidence they're putting back the weapons as well. I mean --(CROSSTALK)HALL: There's a strong message they're sending.SMITH: Fair enough. But don't bait and switch me here, OK? The first thing you said was that there was evidence that we had information that we could provide to Israel that we're withholding. I don't see evidence of that.Now, as to the weapons, and I will admit the President was not as clear on this in the Erin Burnett interview as he should have been. But all that has been held back to date are dumb 2,000-pound bombs, because the president feels, and I think rightly, they should not be used in Rafah. It is exactly similar to what President Reagan did. He didn't withhold all aid to Israel any more than President Biden is. He tried to shape the campaign to move Israel in a direction that's going to be better for Israel and better for the Middle East.Look, you can't credibly argue that President Biden hasn't been supporting Israel based on what he has said and done since October 7th.HALL: Yeah. Nevertheless, despite everything that the White House is saying, it is somewhat embarrassing perhaps that Netanyahu isn't listening to President Biden.SMITH: Oh, 100%.HALL: And more than that, the Israeli National Security Advisor posted this on X. He said, "Hamas loves Biden."SMITH: I know.HALL: I mean, what does that say about the president's influence?SMITH: I tell you what it says is that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not good for Israel right now. He is leading them down a path of endless war, conflict, and no peace.HALL: Are you calling for the removal, you think, of Netanyahu?SMITH: No, no, no. Yeah, I don't vote in Israeli elections. OK.HALL: But you would support him leaving office now?SMITH: That is up to the Israeli people, OK, to make that decision. What I am saying is, as long as he is in office, it is an obligation of President Biden to try to influence his policies in a better direction, OK? And look, it is undeniable that Prime Minister Netanyahu led them to the point where October 7th happened. And he's continuing those same policies.We support Israel. We want to move in a direction where there is a sustainable peace. And in this proposal by the House Republicans this week to say, blank check to Israel, the President can never, ever not give Israel something.HALL: Yeah.SMITH: I mean, that is a ridiculous proposal. We've got to get to long-term peace for the sake of the Israeli people.HALL: Congressman, we have -- our next guest is the mother of an American hostage. She's coming on. Look, it's been 219 days. They say not enough is being done. And frankly, they're saying that the American hostages have been forgotten about. What would be your message to her?SMITH: Well, like I said, I was with President Biden yesterday. Very first thing he said, President Biden for the last several months has been pushing a peace agreement. And look, let's be clear, the biggest block to a ceasefire right now is Hamas.There is a deal on the table to get a temporary ceasefire in exchange for releasing the hostages. That has been the president's singular focus. CIA Director Burns, Tony Blinken, a variety of people have been in the Middle East working with anyone we can work with to get that deal and get the hostages home.And there is no doubt right now that Hamas is the block to that deal. And we need to continue to put pressure on them. And that is one of my criticisms of some of the protests you've seen in the U.S. They're not putting any pressure on Hamas. And Hamas is blocking the ceasefire right now.HALL: Yeah. Well, Congressman, look, thank you so much for joining us today. I'm afraid that's all we've got time for. But Congressman Adam Smith, thank you.SMITH: Thank you very much.HALL: More than 100 hostages remain unaccounted for as Israel and Hamas remain far apart on a deal. One of those hostages is Hersh Goldberg-Polin.Up next, we will speak with his mother, Rachel, who only recently received proof he is still alive. What she is calling on the Israeli government to do.And we'll bring in the panel to discuss Biden's vow to not supply weapons to Israel if it continues with its Rafah offensive.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) U.S. PRESIDENT: My commitment to the safety of the Jewish people, the security of Israel, and its right to exist as an independent Jewish state is ironclad, even when we disagree. My administration is working around the clock to free remaining hostages and will not rest until we bring them all home.(END VIDEO CLIP)HALL: President Biden there pledging to help bring the remaining Israeli hostages held by Hamas home during a Holocaust remembrance ceremony earlier this week. Ceasefire negotiations between Israel and Hamas ended with no deal, leaving family members wondering the next move.One of those hostages is Hersh Goldberg-Polin. The 23-year-old was kidnapped on October the 7th and taken to Gaza. Joining me now is Hersh's mother, Rachel Goldberg-Polin.Rachel, thank you so much for being with us today. I know it is Mother's Day. And I know this is not how you want to be spending it. But at the moment, there is so much dialogue. There are so many political divisions. There's so much ceasefire talk and they're going so slowly. Do you feel today that not enough is being done? And what do you think needs to be done?RACHEL GOLDBERG-POLIN, MOTHER OF HAMAS HOSTAGE HERSH GOLDBERG-POLIN: Well, I think it's clear that not enough is being done because we still have 132 cherished souls who are being held captive for 219 days. And within that cohort of 132 souls, there are the American eight, who I think that not most Americans even are aware that there are American innocent civilians being held against their will. But there's a lot of people in that hostage cohort that we don't hear about when we hear a lot of noise about the hostages being held.You very rarely hear about the Muslim Arabs who are hostage. You very rarely hear about the Thai Buddhists who are held hostage. You very rarely hear about the Black Christian Africans who are being held hostage. There's Nepalese. There are Mexicans. There are Argentinians. There are Germans. And somehow there has been an attempt to make this group of people a monolithic, homogenous group.HALL: Why do you think that has happened? Do you think that it just doesn't serve the political benefits of the sides working for a solution?GOLDBERG-POLIN: I think it's an excellent question, Benjamin. I would actually turn it around to you being someone in the media, since I have nothing to do with why certain things are crafted or narrated a certain way. But I find it curious and suspicious that for whatever reason that has not been publicly, you know, saturating the news.HALL: I would also ask at the moment, do you think that perhaps an Israeli invasion into Rafah, do you think that would put your son, would put all these other hostages, their lives in danger?GOLDBERG-POLIN: Well, listen, I'm not a military strategist. I am a mother who is horribly, miserably worried about her only son, who has been in an active war zone for 219 days, along with 131 other people who, you know, the oldest one is a grandpa, Shlomo, who is 86 years old. The youngest one is Kfir, who is one and a half years old. We have daughters, sons, sisters, brothers, spouses, fathers, mothers, grandparents. And we are all horribly worried about our loved ones being in harm's way.HALL: Would you like to see the ceasefire talks continue? I mean, it must have been awful to see those end. Is that where you think a solution might be found?GOLDBERG-POLIN: Well, I think that we really have to be creative and insightful and figure out a way forward. Both sides really have to figure out a way forward and calling for a timeout certainly will give some time for people to start to think straight again.I think what really gets lost in this is that America should not be considered sort of this neutral, you know, negotiator. America was also a victim on October 7th. Forty-five Americans were killed on October 7th. Twelve were taken into captivity and eight are still being held hostage.And I certainly want all the suffering in the region -- and there's so much suffering to go around -- I mean, there is no competition here. There are hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians in Gaza who are suffering, and there are also 132 innocent civilians in Gaza who were dragged there on October 7th who are suffering. I think people have trouble holding those two truths. And that does an injustice to everyone involved.HALL: Yeah, and you've made it very clear that this was an attack on America. And also, Rachel, we will try to keep telling the stories of your son and all the other people who are being held because they have to be the main focus of what we do.Thank you so much, Rachel, for joining us today. We appreciate it.GOLDBERG-POLIN: Thank you for having me.HALL: All right. It is time now for our Sunday group. Politico Congressional Reporter Olivia Beavers, Fox News Senior Political Analyst Juan Williams, former Bush White House Adviser and Fox News Contributor Karl Rove, and former Bush National Security Official Michael Allen. Thank you all for joining me today. I really appreciate it.I want to start off by playing a soundbite from President Biden. And we'll get your response to that in a minute.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I've made it clear to be in the war cabinet. They're not going to get our support if, in fact, they go in these population centers. We're not walking away from Israel's security, walking away from Israel's ability to wage war in those areas.(END VIDEO CLIP)HALL: Karl, we've just heard from Rachel. These are there are Americans being held inside Gaza at the moment. And I think President Biden, they're saying he's not walking away from Israel's security, even though he's holding weapons back. Do you think the administration is getting this wrong?KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I do. And I think they're getting it wrong for the wrong reason. I think this is all about politics. I think the President has feel compelled by the demonstrations on college campuses and by the disarray in the left wing of the Democratic Party, the sort of the anti-Israel, pro-Hamas wing of the Democratic Party. He's got to do something about it. And so he's got to look tough to them in his dealings with Israel. And I think it's a mistake because anything that makes it look political makes the President look weaker and makes America's position in the region look weaker as well.HALL: I think it's a big thing to say that this is a political decision. I mean, Juan, would you think that that is why President Biden is withholding weapons just for domestic political purposes?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Not at all. But first, let me just say how important it was that we hear from that mother of a hostage. I think that is a perspective that is lost in all the commotion here about the campus protest focused on the Israeli, you know, crushing offensive. But I think her perspective is so important because it's so human, this Mother's Day.But to Karl's point, I don't think that the president's responding to any campus protests. I think he wants to bring those hostages home. He wants to see an end to this war. He wants to see U.S. policy satisfied, which is calling for a two-state solution, a state of Israel and a state for the Palestinians.And the idea that you would support an attack on a -- on a population center like Rafah with, you know, more than a million people, a potential humanitarian crisis that would be caused by Israel's attack, doesn't help us to get hostages home. It doesn't help the Arab countries that are negotiating with Israel to come to a deal.In fact, it puts those Arab countries in a more tenuous situation because then all the Arab world is like, all right. Can't you see what the Israelis are doing? That's what the president here is talking about constructive steps to achieve a deal. That's the goal.BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS STATE DEPARTMENT CORRESPONDENT: Some people would say it's a mixed policy the way he is dealing with the Israelis back and forth.But, Michael, look, Peter Baker of "The New York Times" posted this on X. He said that Biden privately threatened to rethink his support for the war and a private call with Netanyahu in February, two months before doing so publicly, but the White House didn't put it into the readout of the call to try to avoid a public blow-up.What do you make then of President Biden's sort of evolution of his support and his policy towards Israel?MICHAEL ALLEN, FORMER BUSH NATIONAL SECURITY OFFICIAL: Well, I think the Biden policy is muddled and self-defeating. The Congress passes a $14 billion resistance package for Israel. Biden says repeatedly, we've got your back, and yet, we say on the other hand, we're not going to send you arms and don't do anything we ask you not to do.This week, I was in Israel. We learned that they have submitted -- the Israelis have submitted a humanitarian plan to the Biden administration that begins to take care of the movement of some of the innocent civilians northward in Gaza.And that way, I think there will be fewer civilian casualties when Israel goes in full-scale into Rafah.HALL: Yes.ALLEN: But to go back to the hostages, by the way, I think when the Israelis put forward a very serious, very well thought out proposal recently that was cynically rejected by Hamas, we realized that there is no leverage that the Biden administration has over Hamas.They should put more pressure on Hamas and the -- and support this invasion of Rafah because they'll have more leverage in future hostage negotiations.HALL: Yes. Olivia, very quickly. I mean, how do you think that the policy at the moment is playing out domestically? Like, how much does this affect President Biden at home?OLIVIA BEAVERS, CONGRESSIONAL REPORTER, POLITICO: I think President Biden is in a tenuous situation where his party is divided. And we're seeing that just on the college campuses. And Republicans are definitely picking apart every opportunity that they can where he seems to bend and bow to that side or, you know, withhold aid.And May 20th is when senators have asked for him to provide more information about the withholding of offensive weapons.HALL: It seems to be trying to play the middle line and please both sides is hard.Panel, we're going to have to take a break right there, but we will be back just after the break.Michael Cohen, expected to take the stand next week. And former President Trump's New York Criminal Trial on Monday.We'll discuss whether he will be a credible witness for the prosecution. That's coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I got indicted four times in a period of about three seconds. Anytime there's a plane that flies over, if I fly my plane over a blue state, the following day, I get subpoenaed to go before a grand jury.Why didn't they do it nine years ago as an example or eight years ago? They could have done it many, many years ago. And they waited till the election. They waited right into the middle of the election.(END VIDEO CLIP)HALL: Well, former president Trump lashing out at the indictments that he faces in multiple states last night at a huge rally in New Jersey, calling the cases politically motivated.And we're back now with the panel.And, Olivia, it's been a very busy week for President Trump. Of course, we heard the highly anticipated testimony from Stormy Daniels.And I wondered, on a broader level, do you think that this trial is hurting or helping President Trump? You know, he says he raises money when he appears in court.BEAVERS: Mm-hmm.HALL: He gets to speak after the trial every day. He's on air. But what do you think, overall, good or bad for him?BEAVERS: Well, it's also pulling him off from being able to do campaigns. And I think it's going to depend really how the court, how the jury decides whether he's guilty or not.But I think there's a more interesting point of watching him not being able to have this outlet of, you know, he's known for attacking his enemies and bringing down people who cross him.And here, he has a gag order and he's not able to say anything. And that's limiting how this person has sort of defined his reputation. And he's not able to do that.And now, we have Michael Cohen coming to this stand and that's someone who has a very vitriolic relationship with and he might not be able to say anything.HALL: Well, absolutely. And, Karl, that was -- is it going to be the question there? Michael Cohen is coming up.I don't know. Is this good or bad? Neither side really seems to warm to him.ROVE: Well, we've had an interesting week, last week. And now we're going to have another interesting week in which we engage whether or not he's a credible -- a credible witness.But, look, today, this whole process has ironically energized the base of Trump's political support. Raised him a bunch of money.There -- it is not an accident that we saw that gigantic rally on Saturday with tens of thousands, nearly a hundred thousand, according to some reports, of people from New Jersey and New York City and in the New York environments.But what gets me is, we don't know how important this is going to be to the ultimate decision.But I'm amazed at the difference in public opinion. YouGov, on the 10th of May, 22 percent say, well, ending conviction.Three days earlier, a Suffolk/USA Today poll, 65 percent say he will be convicted.HALL: Huge difference.ROVE: ABC News/Ipsos poll, 52 percent of the people say, it's a significant issue. A few days later, an NPR/Marist poll, 45 percent said it was unfair. Forty-seven percent said he did something illegal. But 30 percent said he did something unethical, but not illegal. And 21 percent said, nothing wrong.So you have 51 percent of the people saying he didn't do anything illegal. I mean, this -- we are conflicted about this. And I suspect the impact is going to be if you're for Trump, it's bad. If you're against Trump, it's -- you like --HALL: Yes.ROVE: -- what you're hearing in the trial, but it doesn't really change a lot of mind.HALL: And that's probably how close the election is going to come down to.ROVE: Right. Right.HALL: I mean, it's going to be neck and neck.And, Juan, but they're kind of big news for Trump. So there are no other cases really coming up for Trump before the election, you know. This kind of hush money case, of course.But then after that, everything else has been pushed back. And I wonder, is that a big boost for President Trump? Once the hush money case is done, he's off campaigning.WILLIAMS: Right. Well, I think his number one legal strategy has been delay, delay, delay. Just push it away, which is why it's ironic to hear him on the stump say, why didn't they do this all this long time ago.Seems like the whole justice system, even the Congress, is afraid of being accused of playing in politics. So everybody is like, well, we'll wait. We'll be cautious.And Judge Cannon down in Florida, she gave him such a big kiss this week. If I say, oh, yes, we -- we'll just delay this, well, you know, after the election.So the American people will not be informed voters in November. But in response to what Karl was saying, you know, I think it's not the Stormy Daniels testimony that was in the headlines or the upcoming testimony by Michael Cohen it's going to make headlines. It's the real story of this case.The real story is, does Trump testify? If Trump testifies, headlines like you wouldn't believe, and he will be at tremendous risk. Because who believes that he didn't have sex with Stormy Daniels? Who believes that he didn't pay hush money?And if he has to testify and lie, that would be perjury. That's a different ball of wax, not only for Trump's opponents but for -- even for his supporters. Some of whom have said if he's convicted, they'd have second thoughts.ROVE: We're ain't going to see him. He's not going to testify.HALL: No way. Yes.ROVE: No way at all.WILLIAMS: Right. That's what -- that's what -- that's what his supporters hope. Because otherwise, he'll -- his lies will become a court record.HALL: Well, and there we go. And I suppose we don't have very long, Michael. But very quickly, we have three primaries coming up in three -- in three states.And in Indiana, Nikki Haley won 22 percent of the vote last week. I just wonder if you think that that is part of this trial. Like a lot of suburban women voters watching the trial and switching over away from Trump's.ALLEN: I think it's -- yes. I think that's part of it. And I think President Trump, to win the battleground states that he needs for the presidency, needs to appeal to college-educated women --HALL: Yes.ALLEN: -- and independents. And I think that's why you're seeing the 22 percent for Nikki Haley.HALL: Yes. Well, we'll have to see how that plays out.Panel, thank you so much for joining me today. I really appreciate it. Thank you.WILLIAMS: Good to be with you, Benj.HALL: Well, look, up next, we take an inside look into one of the country's preeminent military hospitals and the work that they are doing to help American veterans reshape their lives.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HALL: During my time this week in Washington, I traveled to Walter Reed National Medical Center to get a firsthand look at the amazing job the dedicated doctors, nurses and physical therapist do to help vets recover from catastrophic injuries. I myself received excellent care at another military hospital, the Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas, after sustaining serious injuries in an attack that killed two colleagues of mine while covering the Ukraine war back in March of 2022.I talked to three vets about their stories of pain, hope, and recovery, beginning with the day that changed their lives forever.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JUSTIN "J.P" LANE, U.S. ARMY VETERAN: So, I had one of the most dangerous jobs in the Army. I would search for the IEDs in Afghanistan and clear the routes.And July 2, 2011, I was actually blown up. And it actually penetrated my RG-31. It was a 200-pound directional charged bomb that went straight through. And in that moment, as you can tell, it amputated both of my legs, slammed my left femur in half, my pelvis snapped in half, dislocated my spine and my pelvis, my right arm snapped in half, right middle finger was amputated, four front teeth were knocked out when my face hit the steering wheel, and everything inside my torso was destroyed, except for my heart and my left lung. So, they cut me open and went in and fixed everything.HALL: What an incredible journey. I mean, I don't - I wouldn't have thought that - it is possible to survive someone like that.LANE: Yes, I actually died twice on the operating table. And they were already preparing my family while I was in a coma for a month and a half saying, hey, we - he probably won't even come out of this. And if he does, he's not going to be normal.HALL (voice over): Marine Tyler Vargas was working as part of the Marine Air Ground Task Force during the evacuation of Afghanistan back in August of 2021 when a suicide bomber blew himself up nearby.TYLER VARGAS, MARINE VETERAN: I came to, recognized we were assuming (ph) fire, and my team leader goes to me, some - a few of my other bet friends, and threw tourniquets on me right away. I was awake through most of it. You know, screaming, kicking, the whole nine yards. Got moved back to our CCP, behind our sniper tower, and then triaged, just about completely bled out by the time I got to our roll two (ph) facility, to the, you know, joint medical center there that had about three drops of blood in my body racing around.HALL (voice over): Veteran Stacey Roddick was back home when he sustained his injuries back in June of 2022.STACEY RODDICK, U.S. ARMY VETERAN: So, it was a motorcycle accident. I don't remember much at all. I was rushed to the emergency room. My bladder disconnected from my urethra. My left leg was broken in two places. My right arm in two places. My esophagus was dislodged. My right arm and my right leg were also broken.HALL (voice over): For all three vets, the early days of recovery after the day that changed their lives were traumatic.HALL: What was that like when you first - sort of, you come out of your coma and you see that path ahead?LANE: My first words to my dad was, well, this is different. And everybody laughed because they were like, well, he's got a point, this is different, but we can't take back time. We can't change this. Can't grow my legs back and - so how do we get past this moment?HALL: You seem so full of sorts of optimism. And I wonder where that comes from. Have you always been like that though?LANE: No. No, actually, I almost took my life 12 times after I was blown up. And I would look at - there was a mirror on the wall next to me - my hospital bed. And I would look every morning and I'd see a monster.One of the ways I realized I was going to be able to get through was not pushing people away. Not hearing them say, oh, you're going to get through it and be like, you don't know what I'm going through. If they're there, they want to care and they want to be there for us. So, I stopped pushing people away and I allowed people in my circle and - to give me encouragement.HALL: Yes. I mean my injuries aren't like yours, you know, but I -LANE: We're right leg twinsies.HALL: Yes, we are.But I got the knee.LANE: Yes. Yes.HALL: I got the knee.LANE: (INAUDIBLE).HALL: But I said to myself early on, I said - and I would never have done this before - if I'm having a bad day, I'm going to tell the first person that comes in the door. I've got to do that. If I don't tell them, then it's going to get worse and worse for me.LANE: Yes.HALL: And I would never have done that before.LANE: So, this changed our respective of our life and how we respond to bad things and good things.HALL: Yes. Yes.And, of course, we couldn't do it without family either.LANE: A hundred percent.HALL: I mean your wife was by your side the whole time.LANE: Yes. She's as - last six and a half years she has been kicking my butt, literally telling me I need to tell my story and go out - go out there and enjoy life.HALL: What were those early thoughts of when you - you know, you were finally stabilized, had the habitation, and then what - what did you think about the path ahead?VARGAS: My mom was with me for the first I want to say about six months of my recovery. And she raised myself and my siblings as a single mother. And, you know, I grew up seeing her struggle through a lot but always overcoming it. And so I kind of always had that mindset.And I remember, you know, she was in tears one - one day and she's like, Bud, like, you're going to run again.HALL: How's the whole process of physio been?RODDICK: I would say more mental than anything. Knowing where I was at before the accident and then trying to get back there. And, you know, when it comes to healing, healing is never a straight process. You know, you get so many far steps ahead and then you take a whole bunch back. You know, if all I could do is 1 percent one day, and just doing - just keep doing it every day until that 1 percent adds up to something bigger.LANE: There's so much love here when you come to Walter Reed. Like, they look at our situations and say, OK, what do we need? In fact, most of the time they're already prepared when we walk in the door. They're like, yes, we know you needed blades. Here you go. They're right here. Already made. Set for you. And, get running. Go.There you go! Get it! Get it! That's awesome.HALL (voice over): Walter Reed physical therapist Bob Bahr has helped hundreds of vets go through rehab over the last 20 years.HALL: It's a tough job that you do.BOB BAHR, PHYSICAL THERAPIST: It has its challenges at times.HALL: Yes.If you want someone to get through injuries like this, you've got to push them.BAHR: Correct.HALL: So, talk us through like what a physio program would look like. You've got a new patient who's come in. He's an amputee. Where do you start? What do you do?BAHR: We work on strengthening their residual limb. We work on strengthening their endurance and we want to work on their balance and coordination. So, we take different parts of that and put it together and we just keep adding on until, you know, they're up and starting to move.So, let's have you put your right foot up on here. And then with this, what I'd like you to do is to hold it out at arm's length and see if you can rotate from trunk from side to side.VARGAS: Yes.HALL: You must always be looking for what you can grip hold of.VARGAS: Yes. Yes.BAHR: How does this feel?VARGAS: Challenging.(END VIDEOTAPE)HALL (on camera): Well, those are just incredible stories, remarkable people.Up next, we will take a closer look at some of the high-tech equipment that injured vets have access to at Walter Reed and we're going to hear what's next in the life of the three vets that we talked to.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HALL: Walter Reed National Medical Center is on the cutting edge of technology when it comes to a wide range of prosthetics used by patients. We got to sample some of those amazing artificial limbs and we got some final thoughts about the future from our three vets.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HALL: Looking at all these, I mean, you're covering almost every limb, from the top to the bottom.JAMIE BOEHM, CERTIFIED PROSTHETIST ORTHOTIST: Yes.HALL: I mean hands, for example. These - this just seems remarkable.BOEHM: Yes, so this is a myoelectric prosthesis. So that's for a transradial amputee. The hand is powered by using electrodes on the inside. So, if our batteries are charged - we can never make any guarantees - oh, it is! So, our batteries are charged. So, using the electrical signals from somebody's forearm -HALL: Wow.BOEHM: And keep in mind, like, yes, we make these really cool prosthetics. Nothing works without good therapy.HALL: Yes.BOEHM: So, it's a full team environment.Our technicians in the back would help us fabricate the actual socket portion. The prosthetist (ph) would be the one, as you know, casting and making how the socket fits. And then our OT team would work with the patient to control those muscle contractions so they can properly open and close the hand.HALL: Wow.BOEHM: So, it's not easy to isolate those muscle contractions. And that's why it's such a team environment. So -HALL: Yes.What would something like this cost?BOEHM: You know what, that's a really great question. Here at Walter Reed, we don't care about how much things cost on the civilian side. It's not a cheap had.HALL: Yes.BOEHM: So, I'll say it that way, it's - it's a -HALL: Imagine that -BOEHM: It's under $100,000, if that gives you a ballpark. But for us we - when we purchase things for our patients, we get it at cost.HALL: Whenever I asked the doctors down in San Antonio what the big difference was is they said that we don't have to worry about cost. We can provide to you exactly what you need and when veterans need and what soldiers need.So, also, what - what is this here?BOEHM: So, this is a suit. This is a dynamic movement orthocy (ph). Maybe you had a crush injury or you have some type of nerve injury and chronic pain being tingling, numbness.HALL: Oh, yes.BOEHM: So, we use these on our patients. It's an off brand we call it because -HALL: I think I want one.BOEHM: Oh, well, we know - we know people -HALL (voice over): All three of the vets we interviewed are grateful for the care they've gotten here at Walter Reed and are optimistic about the future.RODDICK: I have a new normal now. My left arm, I'm not able to fully extend it, so I've got to be mindful of what I can and can't do when it comes to physical activities, but I say I can still do a lot of this stuff that I used to do, it's just the strength is not quite there yet. So, I just have to - it's back to square one.LANE: God kept me here for a reason, and he reminded me that the world considers PTSD as certain thing - what - what we know it as. But he gave me posttraumatic successful domination in this situation.HALL: Yes. And you're going on now to do bigger, better things, right? You're - you're - warrior games coming up?LANE: Yes, next month, Warrior Games in Orlando. Can't wait.VARGAS: There does come a time where you've got to draw a line and be like, your life's not so bad. You're still alive. I've got buddies who were sitting as close as you and I are right now that were killed next to me and I'm here and they're not, you know. So, I don't - I don't have survivor's guilt, but I'm grateful. And I know that, you know, my family doesn't have to grieve me for the rest of their lives. So -HALL: No, I feel the same way. You know, our cameramen was killed, our fixer (ph) was killed. And I just know that if I was speaking to them, they would want me to pick up, stand, keep going and never stop for them.VARGAS: Yes.HALL: I mean I work harder in their names. And I know that's what they'd want.VARGAS: Yes. That's the best way to honor their memories, you know.(END VIDEOTAPE)HILL (on camera): Well, I think the two things that we learned that day, one, are that injuries like that, they last for life. They will need treatment for life. And also is about the community around them who got them through it.Now, for me, that community was my wife. And on this Mother's Day, I want to reach out to her and say, thank you.That's it for today. Thank you for joining us. I'm Benjamin Hall.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)