(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT: We have to be more quick. That means to lose all the bureaucracy what we have. Otherwise, we will not have any chance to -- so, to be smart technology, more technologically, and, of course, quick.It`s not money. It`s people -- people`s lives.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Now we have seen Russia on the move. It took full control of this town, Avdiivka, south of here. It`s the biggest gain, as you hear in artillery round there.ZELENSKYY: Yes.BAIER: The biggest gain in nine months for Russia. And is -- does that mean that we`re seeing the tide turn here, the war change?ZELENSKYY: It`s not -- not a new page, because, during these two years, we deoccupied the Kharkiv region. Now we are in this region, also with dozens of villages, small villages and cities.And, also, we unblocked the Black Sea. Now we have their grain roots, and et cetera, and destroyed a lot of their ships, Russian fleet. That`s what we did during two years. Yes, the last year was mostly complicated for us at the end of the year.But what we -- what have been done, I think it was a good job. And what they could do, only this one place, but what for?(END VIDEO CLIP)NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: You heard those explosions in the background.Bret and the Ukrainian president were about a mile from the front lines of this war that goes on now into a third year. You can catch that full interview tonight on "Special Report" with Bret.I want to welcome Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick of Pennsylvania, what he makes of this standoff right now on aid for Ukraine and if and when it`s going to come.As you know, Congressman, President Zelenskyy is getting anxious. Should he be anxious?REP. BRIAN FITZPATRICK (R-PA): He is Neil, and he should be.We have introduced a two-party solution that`s pending in the House right now that addresses borders, our border, Ukraine, Taiwan and Israel`s border. It`s called the Defending Borders and Defending Democracies Act.So in the past eight weeks, Neil, I have been to our southern border, I have been to Ukraine, Israel and Taiwan`s border, met with the presidents and prime minister in the case of Israel and the head of CBP here. We have a problem and it`s all consistently tied back to invasions of borders.We have a two-party bill to address it, but, Neil, Ukraine in particular, as you heard President Zelenskyy say to Bret, they have weeks and not months. They have already lost Avdiivka. That is a loss that`s directly tied back to the lack of artillery.And the sense of urgency couldn`t be stronger right now for many of us in the House. And, hopefully, it`s 218 of us that have that same sense of urgency to get this done.CAVUTO: Well, you have been very consistent, sir, on that urgency.A lot of your colleagues, a lot of your Republican colleagues have not. What do you tell them?FITZPATRICK: This is existential and time-sensitive, and you cannot play politics with people`s lives. Politics is bad enough when it gets injected into a transportation bill or a post office naming.But when you`re talking about people`s lives -- and in the case of our southern border, it`s generations of children that we`re losing to fentanyl. In the case of Ukraine, people are getting slaughtered on the battlefield.And, Neil, if we don`t get that aid in a timely fashion, all the money that we have spent to hold the line, help them hold the line will have been for naught. And it`s also very important to know that the military piece of this, which is a piece that we ought to lead on here in the United States, 80 percent of that gets spent inside the United States.We`re modernizing our own military through the course of this to prepare our nation for potential conflicts, including if China moves on Taiwan. So we have to put politics aside here. And in the case of our border and Ukraine, the two most time-sensitive matters, I hope my colleagues will sign on to our bill.It`s a two-party bill. It`s equally bipartisan, Democrats, Republican.CAVUTO: All right, we shall see. We will watch it closely.Congressman, thank you very much.