BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: First off, here's the president yesterday taking great pride in sitting down with CNN and telling -- saying to Prime Minister Netanyahu, I'm holding back 500-pound bombs and 2,000-pound bombs. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I've made it clear to Bibi and the war cabinet, they're not going to get our support if, in fact, they go in these population centers. We're not walking away from Israel's security. We are walking away from Israel's ability to wage war in those areas.ERIN BURNETT, CNN ANCHOR: So it's not over your red line yet?BIDEN: Not yet, but it's -- we've held up the weapons. We've held up that one shipment. It's an old shipment. We held that up.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Senator Rick Scott sits on the Senate Armed Services Committee. He's on the couch with us right now.Senator, your reaction to the president last night making those statements.SEN. RICK SCOTT (R-FL): It's disgusting. I was just in Israel about a month ago. I met with Netanyahu and Gantz and Gallant. They have to go within, that's where Hamas battalions are left in Rafah.KILMEADE: Would we leave bin Laden in a corner and just pull back?SCOTT: No.KILMEADE: Because the rest of the world didn't like the way we're fighting a war?SCOTT: And they're all committed to making sure they give the civilians plenty of time to get out of Rafah.KILMEADE: Hundred thousand through a passage, right?SCOTT: Right. They said they're going to give them plenty of time to get out. They've got to do that. I mean, think about it, if they attacked America, if somebody attacked America, we're going to say, oh, no, we're not going to go after people who killed our women and children? We still have eight American hostages, five alive, three dead, and they're holding them. They are holding all these other Israeli hostages.I went to Kfar Aza, half a mile from Gaza a month ago. I saw where babies were beheaded. Women were raped. People were shot point blank and burned alive. And this president is saying they're not going to give them the aid. I knew this was going to happen. I said this was going to happen with the supplemental because here's the way it went. All he wanted was Ukraine aid. That's all he cared about. And humanitarian. He got it. He didn't believe in Israel aid. It was held up. Remember, we tried to get the vote? He wouldn't do it.STEVE DOOCY, FOX NEWS HOST: That's right. Well, you know, it's all about politics. Brian and Ainsley are absolutely right. When you look at Michigan, see, he's got a problem in Michigan.AINSLEY EARHARDT, FOX NEWS HOST: He's selling out.DOOCY: Because there are so many Arabs who live in that particular state. He needs that, that is a swing state. But you know, personally -- I just got a picture from a friend on Capitol Hill yesterday when they walked through the halls of Congress, you know, your senators and your representatives, a lot of them have Palestinian flags in the hall.SCOTT: Oh, yes. Oh, yes. There are still protesters there.DOOCY: So whose side they are?SCOTT: I know. I mean, it makes it bad. I mean, I am on Israel's side. I support Israel. I support Jews. This is disgusting what the president is doing.DOOCY: So whose side is Joe Biden on?SCOTT: Well, he's clearly on Hamas's side. I mean, look, what he wanted, right, he wanted the aid so he could give it to Gaza and get rid of those Hamas. And then we saw yesterday UNRWA is stealing the aid and selling it. I mean, you knew this was going to happen.KILMEADE: UNRWA, the U.N. organization?SCOTT: Yes.EARHARDT: Well, what's more -- but the message is who's more important, Israel or these terrorists?SCOTT: All he cares about is his election. So he has got a pro-Hamas group in the Democratic Party and he is part of it now.KILMEADE: So, Senator, real quick, for people who say, well, this is Hamas that did this, not the Palestinian people, I remember and the videos posted of these hostages being taken into Gaza and being hailed sold and spin on.EARHARDT: Being mocked, yes.KILMEADE: And they were like they were the Yankees up at the "Canyon of Heroes."EARHARDT: And they elected Hamas.KILMEADE: Right.SCOTT: And they still support Hamas. Look at all polls.KILMEADE: This is all on Hamas.SCOTT: Israel too. This is all on Hamas, right?KILMEADE: Yes, the president of the United States slow-walks weapons to Ukraine, watch it and support it, and then goes halfway with Israel and they want to support who.SCOTT: He wants to bring them here. And now he wants to bring him here.KILMEADE: You mean the people that teach their kids to hate Israel and that this Israel doesn't exist.SCOTT: Right. Right. We need more protests.KILMEADE: And we're going to bring professors, Palestinian professors to the college campus.SCOTT: At Northwestern, they're going to pay for professionals to come, and spew hate.EARHARDT: And Israel gave civilians an area to go to that's safe.SCOTT: Right.EARHARDT: They dropped the pamphlets against to warn them that this invasion could be happening. It's imminent. So they gave them a path to go safety.SCOTT: And why did Egypt open up their border?DOOCY: Right.EARHARDT: Yes. Yes.KILMEADE: No pressure on Egypt ever to do that. But there's no --(CROSSTALK)DOOCY: So, obviously, it's not only to protect the Palestinians but it's to protect Joe Biden's --SCOTT: Election.EARHARDT: Yes.DOOCY: Absolutely. Meanwhile, speaking of elections, coming up in about six months, it most probably is going to be Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump. Donald Trump is going to be back in the courtroom in Lower Manhattan in about three miles from where you are sitting right now. Stormy Daniels is going to come in again and when she sits down, she will be able to look out at the people in the courtroom and you're going to be there.SCOTT: Yes.DOOCY: Why?SCOTT: Look, I support my friend. I support Donald Trump. This is just political persecution. It's a crime to use the courts for political persecution. And by the way, I saw this. This happened to me. I fought Hillary Care and guess what happened when I fought Hillary care? Justice came after me and attacked me and my company. So think about this, if we don't stop this, all right? If we don't stop, this they can go after you.Every American is at risk. So I'm going to go support this president because this is wrong what 's happening to this guy. He's just being politically persecuted. What, they fine him for that? No one lost any money. Now they are trying to put him in jail over an accounting dispute?KILMEADE: Bookkeeping.SCOTT: This is wrong.EARHARDT: We keep hearing so many people involved in this court case. They are giving money. On the other side they are giving money to Joe Biden and his campaign and have been donors. And this is the latest. The wife of the ex-top Biden DOJ official, the one that's prosecuting Trump, the top prosecutor has donated --KILMEADE: Matt Colangelo?EARHARDT: Yes. Thousands to Biden and Obama. She donated in 2800 to Biden's campaign in 2020.SCOTT: Right. But first off, the guys, the lead prosecutor is the number three guy in Biden's Justice Department. Then he goes there to prosecute Trump. But they are all Democratic donors. This is just political persecution. And it's -- we've got -- this has got to stop.KILMEADE: And by the way for him to leave that job, people have told me in the legal profession. It's like going from the Major League's first place team to aa team. Why would you do that unless just to take out Trump. It makes no sense.Just talk about the big picture. You see the Georgia case, you see Fani Willis who's going to have an ethics investigation. They're going to delay there. You see Aileen Cannon says we have so many problems and so many appeals we're going to have to delay past May 20th. And there is no sense that that's going to get started. And with the documents case we're trying to -- with the January 6th case we are waiting to see about immunity and what actually they can put in and what he's going to be tried for.Do you believe from what you know this thing is going to be delayed until after November? Is this the only case, you think?SCOTT: I hope so. I mean, think of it, these are just the Democrats and Biden just trying to say, hey, this is my opponent, Trump's my opponent. I'm going to put him in jail. I'm going to get him the hell. I'm going to do a gag order so he can't talk. Well, I'm going to make sure he can't be on the campaign trail. This is going on in the United States of America. Not in Nicaragua.KILMEADE: So what does the rest of the world think? You travel around. What are they saying?SCOTT: First off, they think Biden is a joke. And they think what has happened to your country. But first off, the college campuses, I have talked to a lot of my friends around the world they say what is going on? You guys have got these protesters in your own country saying they support Hamas? I mean, this is crazy.DOOCY: What are you talking about, Joe Biden is a joke. He was on CNN last night and he said our economy is on fire, Senator. We're doing great.SCOTT: Do you know how many people working age in this country are not working? 100 million.DOOCY: Of course.SCOTT: All we are adding is part-time jobs. We are losing full-time jobs. And inflation, if you -- look, I grew up in a poor family. You go to a poor family, what, grocery prices are up 40 percent. Gas is up 50 percent. Rent is up probably 25 or 30. These people are having a very difficult time succeeding.DOOCY: Senator, you are in Florida where a lot of people are struggling to pay their electricity bill. They've got to decide, am I going to make my house payment, am I going to make my medical payment, I'm going to turn off the air conditioner.EARHARDT: Yes.SCOTT: But we're losing full-time jobs. We have fewer people in the workforce. And that is Bidenomics. That's Bidenomics.EARHARDT: Senator, what did you think in the interview last night two things really stood out to me. He said inflation was 9 percent when he came into office.SCOTT: Lie.EARHARDT: That is a lie. It was 1.4 percent. It went up to 9 percent in June of 2022. A year and a half into his presidency. Then he also said that Trump has never succeeded in creating jobs. Not only the Trump Organization, but he was also president for four years and created jobs.SCOTT: Right. Right. Think about it. When Trump left office, the border was secure, the economy was great, and we weren't at war. This, look, just in, what, three years and five months what's happened. Inflation is out of control. They can't control it. All right. The border is wide open. Wide open. And now we have got all these wars.KILMEADE: You're running for six more years in the Senate. How much harder is your job being it is now six weeks abortion and that's going to be a referendum in Florida and it makes it so much harder for Republicans? Don't care if you're pro-life or pro-choice.SCOTT: No. The number one issue in my state is the border. Number two is inflation. But the Democrats all they are talking about, all are going to run on is abortion. That's all it is.DOOCY: Senator, thank you very much for dropping by before you go to court.SCOTT: OK.KILMEADE: Best of luck.EARHARDT: Yes.KILMEADE: Yes.