NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Nefarious elements at the border, and a good many of them may be already here.Congressman Dan Crenshaw, the Texas Republican, kind enough to join us.You were warning about this as long as I can remember, Congressman. And now it appears out of control, where all our top security officials, including the FBI director, who you were dealing with today, kind of confirmed it. What do we do?REP. DAN CRENSHAW (R-TX): They did confirm it.Look, what do we do? We stop the incentive structures that make hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants come to our border and then pay the Mexican drug cartels in order to do so. That`s what we do. We change the laws and we change their incentives.And we recognize what`s really happening. We hear from our Democrat colleagues sometimes that, well, the fentanyl, it`s not really coming between points of entry. It`s coming through the ports of entry. Well, I always have to remind them, that`s because we`re -- that`s because where we have a lot of people actually watching and inspecting.There`s between 1,000 and 2,000 got-aways every single day. We don`t know what they have. They`re trying to get away from Border Patrol. They`re not turning themselves in. So there`s a massive security problem, 170 people in the terrorist watch list.We don`t have a good idea of what happened to them after they have been encountered. That`s a problem that we brought up today in the hearing. And the main thing I bring up is this. We have a large, very formidable, very well-armed, very well-funded force south of our border, the Mexican drug cartels.They kill tens of thousands of Americans a year, and they have the potential to topple the Mexican government. That`s a real problem that we have to address.CAVUTO: You also wonder their influence on the Mexican government already. That`s a lot of money there.But I am curious about what happens now, because one of the things I was hearing from a lot of these intelligence officials is that there might be elaborate networks here working with those who`ve made it into this country to plot God knows what. What do you think?CRENSHAW: Yes, look, the trafficking networks, you can look at them like supply chains. So the cartels take their part. They take their pay. They establish mechanisms for immigrants to go into the U.S., and maybe those immigrants are trafficking into labor or sex trafficking or whatever it may be.But they absolutely collude with local gangs, local criminal elements, local financiers. It happens everywhere, because there`s plenty of money to be made.CAVUTO: So let me get your take on some other developments today, Congressman, concerning what some interpreted to be a bit of a browbeating for the special counsel Robert Hur from both sides, disappointment among your Republican colleagues that he didn`t prosecute the president, even though legally that might have been tough, anger on the part of Democrats that he went out of his way to criticize the president and call him a doddering old fool and all this.Didn`t call him that, just significant memory problems, I believe, was the wording. What do you think of the back-and-forth, whether anything that came of any of this?CRENSHAW: I`m not sure anything came of it, and I wasn`t following it as closely.So I have been in the SCIF all day doing the intel briefing. So I`m not sure I have a lot for you on that.CAVUTO: All right. Well, I admire that.Let me get your sense then of something Robert F. Kennedy Jr. was mentioning earlier as a third way, an alternative way to the established parties and the way they do business. They talk past each other, that the appetite is such to avoid a repeat of the last election and seek out alternatives.Now, I know you`re a Republican and all that, but what do you make of what he`s saying, that that is something that Americans share, a sense of frustration with another race like the last race?CRENSHAW: Sure, I get that.And this is what I say to those Americans. I asked them a simple question. Did you go vote in your primary? Because if you didn`t, then I don`t know what you`re complaining about. Our primary elections have extremely low turnout, extremely low turnout.So if you don`t like your choices, it means maybe you should encourage you and your friends to vote in primaries. Now, I`m also not as maybe pessimistic as he is as -- at the state of American politics.The entire point of politics is for people to disagree, and to disagree peacefully. We will never all think the same. And that`s OK. That`s the entire point. That`s why we have a system the way we have it.CAVUTO: Congressman, very good talking to you again. Thank you very much.CRENSHAW: Right.CAVUTO: Congressman Crenshaw on all of that.