SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: and three or four episodes. This one follows legendary man hunter, Bass Reeves, when you haer that story. All right. Please let not your heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld's next. He'll put a smile on your face. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes, yes. Yes. All right, all right. Wow. I agree. Happy Monday, everybody. Let's get started. Donald Trump has demanded a drug test for Joe Biden for the first debate. Biden privately told aides, if he wants my urine, you can get it from my seat cushion like everyone else.A woman through -- a woman swam through shark infested waters in San Francisco, saying the sharks weren't even interested in her. Wow, even the sharks are gay. New York City is in peak pollen season. On the bright side, a stuffy nose makes it harder to smell the piles of (BEEP). Iran's President Ebrahim Raisi was found dead after his -- all right.Well, I didn't expect that, but should be grateful. Dead after his helicopter crashed in a remote mountainous region. Local investigators blamed the weather and the Jews. Why not? Yeah. How about those Jews? President Raisi was known as the Butcher of Iran. Now, he's known as the ground beef of Iran.Amid rumors of divorce Ben Affleck and J.Lo were sitting together at an event on Sunday, Ben was able to avoid photographers by taking cover behind J.Lo's (BEEP). That's cheap. A true disturbing video appears to show Sean Diddy Combs assaulting singer Cassie Ventura. Combs defended the move, saying, I was sampling Eye Turner.Oh, that goes too far. That goes too far. Oh, we have limits. Make fun of fat people. Charges will likely be dropped against pro golfer Scottie Scheffler after the cop's body cam was found to be off during the incident. Hillary Clinton remark, this reminds me of when I murder Jeffrey Epstein.Yeah. This is my audience. And then, New York City law student went to rehab for a cheese addiction that had her eating nearly six blocks of cheese per week. That's nothing, said one man. Let's do a monologue. That was fine.So, let's talk about Bill Maher. Is he only -- giving away the surprise. Is he only other talk show host besides me that hasn't worn blackface? But, the night is young. It is Fox. But weirdly, he's been saying stuff that I like hearing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL MAHER, COMEDIAN: Because the guy in the news name, Harrison Butker, I can't express how much this guy is not like me. He's religious. He loves marriage. He loves kids. He said, some of you talking to this -- the women, some of you may go on to lead successful careers in the world.OK, that seems fairly like modern. But, I would venture to guess that the majority of you are most excited about your marriage and the children you will bring into this world. I don't see what the big crime is. I really don't. And I think this is part of the problem people have with the left is that lots of people in this country are like this.Like he's saying, some of you may go on to lead successful careers, but a lot of you are excited about this other way that people -- everybody used to be, and now, can't that just be a choice too?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Something is happening. Could this be the biggest one AD since Bruce Jenner replaced his tracksuit for a hoop skirts? No. Fact is Bill's likely seeing a party go in a direction that deviates what we used to call, sanity.And Bill and I have more in common than you think. We're both hosts of successful shows. We can both fold our legs behind our heads. And we both carry around Canadian quarters to give to the homeless. But, we also agree on today's insanity, and Bill's great new book, he talks about presentism, which means judging everyone in the past by the standards of the present.He says, it's like getting mad at yourself today for not knowing what you know now when you were 10. I feel the same way when I read my old diaries, to think, I wanted to be one of Charlie's Angels. But, I also feel that way when I read some of the stuff I wrote years ago.I could see that I let my concerns about terror mistakenly convinced me that safety Trump freedom. Does Bill feel that way when watching older episodes of real-time? I'd ask him, if he were here tonight. Oh, wait, he is.All right. See, today -- today's world can create strange bedfellows. I mean, Bill Maher and Greg Gutfeld together? That's like Kat Timpf in Ozempic.Dr. Drew and Dr. Kevorkian, Dana Perino and Barack Obama. One loves to take dogs for a walk, and the other likes to cook dogs in a walk.(VIDEO PLAYING) THAT'S RIGHT! PRESIDENT OBAMA ONCE ATE A DOG.GUTFELD: I just have to remind everybody. But Bill's right, judging the past against the present is pointless and lazy. Sure people in the past might look ignorant compared to what's now with perhaps the exception of not letting women vote.That more adds that the left irritates and frustrates him, but the right alarms him. That's exactly how I feel about condoms versus impregnating my dog walker. But, I get it. Instead of listening to the saner voices on opposing sides, we often focus on the nuts, because it's fun.Protesters are more fun to expose than debating a nerd on the Middle East. God, that sounds boring. I'd be the one stepping in front of traffic. And likewise, it's easier for the Dems to focus on January 6 than the millions of decent people who think Trump is their guy.The question, however, is which crazies have more sway? The right's nuts come from below a fever swamp of Reddit and QAnon, and on the left, though, they come from above and they make progress. The Mayo Clinic just apologized for saying, there are two sexes. Heads of children's schools announced will no longer use the terms boys and girls.A dude just creamed another slew of girls in a High School Championship race. And they totally ruined Ghostbusters with an all-female cast. Call me old fashioned, but the only place women should be busting ghosts is in the kitchen.Bill is here for a few reasons. He's selling a book, which we never do at Fox. But also, when was the last time we had two normal people from different sides disagree in front of other people?MAHER: Exactly.GUTFELD: There you go. So here -- here, the goal is to understand and not undermine, to see that people at Fox aren't bad (BEEP) crazy. And people over there aren't all transgender pro terror bike messengers. Some of them are just cross-dressers.But, there's one thing we might always disagree on and that's Trump, even though, I can't argue with Bill over Trump's personality. Sure, Trump has no filter, but neither do the joints that Bill smokes. It's true, but I wonder if Bill -- if Trump has Biden Tic Tacs.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: This is called Biden Tic Tacs. Can you see it? This cost more money than the one that was like 10 times bigger. This is inflation. But, Americans are not struggling? You know, this is the worst platform. Who put this stage up and this is the way the fricking place is falling down. I noticed, it keeps tilting for the left. What a crappy contractor this was.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: That's Trump. He insults people. But, I insult people. Hell, if I stopped insulting people, what would be left of this show? Happy Monday, everyone. Love you, America. That would be it. And yet, Trump's deeds often defy his bluster. He's the most anti-war President I've seen.And, unlike Joe and Hillary, he goes after individuals in power, not the masses. He doesn't slam millions of people is racist, perhaps because in his mind he still thinks he could win him over. He's a populace. And in a world where the elites locked us down, then went to find restaurant, that matters.Point is, it's the least, not the populace, who pushed insane COVID measures, reverse discrimination, and child mutilation under the ruse of gender affirmation. True Trump refuses to concede elections. He's like an athlete who's convinced the umps were rigged. If only the other side did the same thing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: I think it's also critical to understand that, as I've been telling candidates who have come to see me, you can run the best campaign. You can even become the nominee. And you can have the election stolen from you.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Well, people say Trump traffics in hate, but I think he's got competition.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN: PRESIDENT, UNITED STATES: Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans represented extremism that threatens the very foundations of our republic. MAGA Republicans look at Americans, see carnage and darkness and despair. They spread fear and lies.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Well, that speech was as uniting to America as Lorena Bobbitt was to a (BEEP). But, sorry, Dana -- but, the big criticism, the big criticism is that Trump lies. Fine, but as opposed to who? Obama and Hillary brought us three years of Russia gate. Joe says, the number one threat is White supremacy.The border is secure and inflation was 9 percent when he took over, those are double whoppers with extra cheese. This guy got elected on the fine people hoax, push the Trump, said, drink bleach hoax.He claims, he was arrested marching for civil rights top of his class in law school, runner up state scoring champion football, yet the only proof he played football is the brain damage.What -- I know that was me. What does Trump lie about? Things like the size of the crowd at his inauguration, or his (BEEP) not looking like it should (inaudible). I mean, who among us? I tell everyone my audience is huge, and that I bent it playing football.People also call Trump a clown. Fine. But when you work in a circus, why not be the clown? It beats cleaning up after the elephants. The government's is circus and the idiots are the ones who give it the respect it deserves.Look, no one's asking you to love the guy, great leaders are always hated. Bill Parcells' players hated him. The same with Vince Lombardi, and of course, there's Joe Jackson.Fact is, the guy you hate might be better at the big issues than the guy who claims his uncle was eaten by cannibals. Either way, I don't expect to change Bill's mind on Trump.But, that's the point, not everyone's going to agree. And if you need to have everyone agree with you on every single thing, you're going to be very, very lonely.MAHER: When do the other people talk?GUTFELD: You have (inaudible). I have another hour. You know. That's it. You're off the show. I changed my mind. I've changed my mind. Anyway. You're going to be very lonely.Very lonely if you want everybody to agree with you, which explains why Joy Behar goes through three vibrators a month. This would be the ideal time for a song.(SONG PLAYING) I'm so sorry. Mr. Bill Maher, stupidly, I didn't see that we agree. Such a surprise. Now, I realize that we share the same philosophy. And we're both 6 foot 3 inches.When you ditch your dogmatic confinement, you'll find surprising alignment. And so, Mr. Maher, I say, one more time in a heartfelt way, I'm sorry.GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. He's got more Emmy nominations (inaudible). So, some real-time with Bill Maher, (inaudible) and author of the new book, what this comedian said, will shock you, Bill Maher.She wants to ride on a hot wheel, host of America's Newsroom and The Five, Dana Perino. His prostate exams have a four-month waiting list. Chief Patient Officer for The Wellness Company, Dr. Drew. She's tough as nails, but easy on the scales, New York Times bestselling author, Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. Welcome to the show, Bill.MAHER: Thank you.GUTFELD: So far, so fun.MAHER: I have a few cribs. OkaGUTFELD. OK, go quick away. Crib away, Mr. Crib.MAHER: Well, I mean, I agree that it's great that we're talking. I agree that we agree on some things. We're not exactly aligned on the most important things, which is basically, Trump is someone who does not concede elections.GUTFELD: Yeah.MAHER: The most important thing.GUTFELD: Yeah.MAHER: You don't seem to see it that way. That's the most important thing that's going on in this country. He didn't concede the last election. He's not going to concede this election.GUTFELD: You don't know that. You don't see into the future, Bill. I don't see your crystal ball.MAHER: Yeah, I did, I did, because I was the only one who was talking about that way back when? And everybody said, oh, you smoke too much pot. Turnout, I smoke just the right amount of pot.GUTFELD: There's no right amount.MAHER: But, can you really picture this guy going? You know what? I lost. That's it.GUTFELD: He did, he left. He left.MAHER: He left because he had to leave. Because he couldn't --GUTFELD: Yes. But, that's what's -- that's how it works.MAHER: Well, it's --GUTFELD: What do you think? He's going to like board up the White House? You know, pull a straw dogs with Dustin Hoffman?MAHER: I don't know. Well, last time he thought the other Republicans would -- would back him up. When he called that guy in Georgia and said, I need 11,000 votes, I want you to find them.GUTFELD: He said -- he said, find. He didn't say create. He said find.MAHER: Well, that's the same thing.GUTFELD: No, it's not you don't say on an Easter egg --MAHER: Find the men --GUTFELD: I want you to create a show here.MAHER: Boys, boys. We have a show here.GUTFELD: All right, Dr. Drew.MAHER: Boys. My (inaudible) television ever to do was politically incorrect, which you stole. This is this is exactly what it looked like. Except that, the difference was politically incorrect was purposely mixing people with different viewpoints.GUTFELD: Which is what we're doing.MAHER: Tonight.GUTFELD: Yes. This is why it doesn't work. I'm kidding.MAHER: No.GUTFELD: So Dr. Drew.MAHER: Yes, sir.GUTFELD: We -- you're really good at diagnosing mental illness.MAHER: OK.GUTFELD: What is Bill's problem?MAHER: Wow. (CROSS-TALK)GUTFELD: I does feel personal about Trump with Bill.MAHER: It's not.GUTFELD: It feels that way.DR. DREW PINSKY, CHIEF PATIENT OFFICER FOR THE WELLNESS COMPANY: It's just a difference of opinion.MAHER: He did sue me.GUTFELD: Did he sue you?MAHER: Of course.GUTFELD: I didn't know that.MAHER: Really?GUTFELD: No.MAHER: Hearing news.GUTFELD: Yes. I don't follow everything in your life, Bill.MAHER: Well -- well, that was kind of -- yes, he sued me because I said he possibly was the son of an orangutan. Because we showed the picture. He looks exactly like the hair color. It looks exactly like an orangutan.PINSKY: You know, it's interesting, where it very pertains to orange. He has always been the stand-up politician. Right. But now, he's sort of heading towards Carrot Top. Some of the stuff he's doing at the podium with the Tic Tacs and everything. He's really becoming a comedian at the podium.GUTFELD: Well, he's -- you know what? He realizes that he's winning. I think that's bothering you, Bill.MAHER: Well, it is bothering me because, again, he's an insurrection who doesn't believe in Democracy, so, of course, it's bothering me. And, of course, he's also insane and a criminal.PINSKY: Except for that.MAHER: But, I go to say --GUTFELD: (inaudible)MAHER: Like, what works for him. Like, when you use that clip you've just shown. I mean, look, he's almost the same age as Biden. But, Biden presents as old.GUTFELD: Yeah.MAHER: Ancient.GUTFELD: Yeah.MAHER: That does not look old.GUTFELD: No, it doesn't.MAHER: He does not present as old.GUTFELD: Yeah.MAHER: I mean, he's -- he's like, he's like kiss. He puts on the wig and the face paint, and it's 1976 all over again.GUTFELD: Those were the days. Dana, let's bring you in here.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: As the other orange one.GUTFELD: Yes. That really is bright. Just thinking about Tang.PERINO: I love Tang.GUTFELD: If we can sit here and have a conversation, why can't other Americans feel the same?PERINO: I think most Americans are.GUTFELD: Yeah.PERINO: I think a lot of this actually online, and that, it is people thinking that America is so polarized, when in actual, in your daily life, if you get offline and you see people in grocery, there's smile at (inaudible) smile.Like, I know that there are people that would never -- maybe on a school board meeting, right, those get contentious. And you could feel like nobody agrees with me. And I hear that a lot. But, I'm like, I look around and like actually, I don't think people are that much at each other's throats.We, in the media, tend to exacerbate that. One of the things that Bill had over the weekend on his show was, Nellie Bowles.GUTFELD: Yeah.PERINO: She is a co-founder of the Free Press, independent media. They are doing some great work over there. And in her -- she was also selling a book. In her book, she writes about her politics, she believes, is a lot like other people's, which is, not so much doctrine, but exhaustion. And that people are just looking for some good common sense, which is --MAHER: Like my book.PERINO: -- what we talk about here. We are --GUTFELD: Will you just calm down, Bill?PERINO: We will get to that, but I don't think --GUTFELD: Now I -- now I understand all the rumors about you are true.MAHER: I don't know what that means. Like, we are polarized. I don't think, we can deny that. The point is that we can also be friends. That's it. We can't -- let's not -- let's not -- let's not pretend that these disagreements are not profound.Let's just say OK, they are profound. But, you know what? there's 90 other things we could talk about, which we wouldn't disagree on, and I can't hate you. I've said it a million times. You can hate Trump. You can't hate all the people who like him. It's half the country.GUTFELD: Yeah.MAHER: And I am certainly not blind to Donald Trump's fault. I get it, why people choose to vote for him. You know, somebody who's conservative once said to me, what you don't get, you liberals don't get about Trump is that, we don't like him either.We just see him as a bulwark against the nonsense on the left. And I understand that because there is a lot of nonsense on the left and that's in my book too.GUTFELD: Yes.MAHER: My book.PERINO: Your book.GUTFELD: Kat, is there anything you want to get off your chest?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: There's nothing on my chest. But well, I do disagree with something you said, Bill, which is that, there's no difference of opinion on the show, because I disagree with Greg about a lot of stuff actually. I mean, I've never, in my life, voted for a Democrat or a Republican, and I don't think I ever will because I'm just a small government person, and neither side is offering me that. I vote for the third-party.MAHER: The third party?TIMPF: Yeah. I vote libertarian and you know what? If you want to get (BEEP) for that, it certainly wouldn't be the first time I heard that.MAHER: No, no. It's fine.TIMPF: People -- I mean, I get people coming at me on both sides, for sure. And people think or they'll say, I'm a moderate, which I am not a moderate. I'm for very small government. But, I have so many friends.MAHER: You're heartlessTIMPF: No, I'm not. I wish, my life would be way -- I live a passionate life full of love. But, I think -- thank you, thank you.MAHER: Well done, Kat. Well done.TIMPF: I do have so many, obviously, I work here. I have a lot of friends who are Republican, very conservative. I have a lot of us who are very liberal in my -- in my real life. And I -- the people sometimes who like watch a show like this, will be like, how is that possible?GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: But, it's actually so easy.PINSKY: But you know what? You said something on this show a few weeks ago, so they just stayed with me, is, you said, some of us have not gotten over COVID yet.TIMPF: Yeah, that's true.PINSKY: And the bitterness that the excesses that COVID left behind are fueling some of this acrimony. There are many of us that just can't get over what they were able to do.MAHER: We're the shoehorn the medical part into this doc.GUTFELD: Yeah.MAHER: Right?GUTFELD: And you were -- I mean, you know that personally, but we got to move on.MAHER: All right.GUTFELD: Stick around. More (BEEP).(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Sorry, moms and dads. Joe's here to depress your grads. You already heard about Kansas City Chiefs, Dr. Harrison Butker's speech at Benedictine College. He encourage women to embrace their roles as homemakers, which the outraged mob called sexist since none of them can cook a decent breakfast.My defense was simple, it's appropriate for the venue. Same thing I said when they injected me from flashed answers for wearing pasties. He's a Catholic giving Catholic values at a Catholic University. Besides, if you want to hear a speaker promote abortion, drag queens and destroying the family, just go to a children's library.But, compare Butker's speech to Biden's commencement address at Morehouse College in Atlanta, where he started off strong by saying, it was VP during the COVID-19 pandemic, which he meant to say, the Spanish flu pandemic of 1918.He was at Black college, so he pretended that it's the Republicans who are racist and not him, resulting in the worst race pandering since Rachel Dolezal ODed on bronzer. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Today, in Georgia, they won't allow water to be available to you while you wait in line to vote in the election. What in the hell is that all about? I never thought I'd be a President of time when there's a national effort to ban books. Not to write history, but to erase history. They don't see you in the future of America. But they're wrong.GUTFELD: Sorry, the only history erased is from his short-term memory. He also bragged about ignoring the Supreme Court in a desperate move to buy students support and told them they face insane racism wherever they go.BIDEN: I'm relieving a burden of student debt. Many of you already had the benefit of it, so I can chase your dream, grow the economy. When the Supreme Court told me, I couldn't, I found two other ways to do it. What is Democracy? If Black matter being killed in the street, what is Democracy?The trail of broken promises certainly Black communities behind. What is Democracy? You have to be 10 times better than anyone else to get a fair shot. Most of all, what does it mean, as we've heard before, to be a Black man who loves his country, even if it doesn't love him back in equal measure.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Well, nothing inspires college graduates like telling them their (BEEP). Oh, let's stop there, then. Dana, there's more from there, but I'm just going to dump out, where's Biden speechwriter in all this? Like, what -- is this --PERINO: Oh, they all graduated from grievance University, because they -- I just -- I would never allow somebody that I work for to give a speech like this at a commencement, when you have young Black people, who have just worked really hard, and they're -- they might be the first generation to go to college. And in front of all of the parents, the president of the United States was like, yes, you guys, you'll never amount to anything. And then when he said you have to be 10 times better than anybody else, they were all thinking, wow, I could be 20 times better than you right now.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Kat, if he really wants to get rid of white supremacy, should he have just resigned? He has a black lady right next to him. What's her name again?TIMPF: This speech, it was a little strange. Just like, hey, black people, a lot of people hate you. Don't worry, because I'm here. Like, eww. It's just So weird. And the other commencement speech that was controversial at the Catholic college where he was saying Catholic stuff, I mean, I agree that I could not disagree more with his view of what a woman should be. With the way I live, I don't make dinner. I make money. Thank you.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: But my having a different view of the roles of a marriage, I've solved that problem with other people thinking that way by just not marrying those people.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: It was pretty bleak, Dr. Drew.PINSKY: Yes. I noticed also he kept saying black men. What about black women?GUTFELD: Because it's a black men's college.PINSKY: It's only male.GUTFELD: Yes. Do your research, Dr. Drew.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You call yourself a doctor?PINSKY: My fault. My bad.GUTFELD: Can't you talk about the difference between a man and a woman?(LAUGHTER)PINSKY: We'll talk about that soon. It's coming.GUTFELD: Go ahead.BILL MAHER, COMEDIAN: About what?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Anything. Let me ask you this -- do you think there is a purpose to him being so stark and bleak?MAHER: I think it's not helpful. First of all, it's anachronistic. That speech would have made sense some years ago. I think we should acknowledge that racism still persists, and we should always be making remedial remedies for it. But we're not in the past. I always keep saying let's live in the year we're living in. We're not living in the year where you have to be 10 times better to succeed if you're a person of color. And in some instances it's an advantage.GUTFELD: Yes.MAHER: In some places it's not an advantage. But we're not living in that world that he's talking about. And I don't think that helps anybody.PINSKY: And the past is complicated.(APPLAUSE)MAHER: Didn't I hear that Angela Davis found out that her -- she's related to somebody that came over on the Mayflower.GUTFELD: Yes.PINSKY: I've been fascinated by the French struggling with presentism, exactly what you're writing about in your book. What is the book called again?MAHER: This is called, "What This Comedian Said Will Shock You." It's funny when you see the cover. It looks like clickbait.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes, it does.PINSKY: But they're trying to struggle with Napoleon and what to make of him. Did you know that he was not short.GUTFELD: Really.PINSKY: He was average height for a Frenchmen.PERINO: So is reg.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: That's unnecessary. Out of nowhere. All right.PINSKY: You're short on time. Let me be.GUTFELD: Up next, gender issues get muddy over another revealing study.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five words -- suicide risk multiplies for trans. Dr. Drew, this is amazing. This is a new study supported by the NIH, or nih (ph), found that individuals who underwent gender affirming surgery had 12 times higher risk of suicide attempt. I'm not a doctor, but that seems like a red flag.PINSKY: Yes, I would say that's a lot. And there was a study years ago called the Williams Study out of UCLA that suggested something very similar. People are getting very screwed about the difference between gender and sex, right. There's biological sex and then there's gender. And the reality is there are biological sexes, and there's diversity amongst them. Gender is something we can talk about.But the reality is, for my profession, for gender affirming care, we have to determine the right patient and the right treatment. If we give the same treatment to everybody, that is not medicine. We don't practice medicine that way. It's on us if people are hurting themselves because of care we're giving them, dangerous surgeries and medication.GUTFELD: Bill, we were told that if we didn't transition kids, we had blood on our hands. And now we're finding out that it's actually the reverse, that we should actually be not doing any of it. What do you think?MAHER: I like girls.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: So does that mean you want more boys to transition to girls?(LAUGHTER)PINSKY: You're confusing him with Jim.(LAUGHTER)MAHER: I was talking about this on my show last week. I mean, we are the outlier now, the United States. It's so funny the way sometimes the woke stuff, and I always try to make this point, that liberalism is not the same thing as woke. Woke, they would like to think they're an extension of liberalism. I'm an old school liberal. They're not. It's very often the opposite.And they think going so far in the right direction and it actually turns out in they're in the wrong direction and they've actually reversed it, because most of the countries in Europe now, England, the Scandinavian countries, the ones we used to always be able to say, well, look what the liberal countries are doing, they've all reversed themselves on this. They don't do the puberty blockers anymore. They don't do this stuff because of studies like this. And America is just doubling down on this stuff. So we are the outlier country on this stuff.And look, there's always a sensible middle ground. That's what I'm always trying to find. Is there such a thing as trans? Of course. There are sometimes people who are, let's just say there's a mix up at the factory, and you don't feel in your head the way you do in your body. But some of this is also just a TikTok challenge that got out of hand.(APPLAUSE)MAHER: Some of it is just social contagion and is trendy and we should recognize both.GUTFELD: Yes. The problem is if you ever say that, Kat, then you can be portrayed as transphobic. So people, I think, we're kind of like psychologically bullied into just going along.TIMPF: Is that what is supposed to happen?(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I don't know. I mean, I think for some people that's true. But I do think that most people have a sensible view of this, I think. I mean, I'm against people killing themselves.GUTFELD: Yes.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: It's a bold stance to talk. But also whatever an adult wants to do with their own body, then that's fine.MAHER: Hundred percent. And "phobic" means fear. It's a way to shut down debate when you use the word "phobic." Islamophobia. I'm not afraid. It's not about fear. It's a way to go, oh, you can't talk about this. Well, sorry, I talk about everything.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Dana, what do you make of this?PERINO: I think if you were watching "THE FIVE" or the "GUTFELD!" show in the last five years, you heard all of the things that you're starting to see the mainstream media cover now, which is like, oh, wait, maybe this isn't such a great idea if there is a big rise in suicides. But, as we have said, if we're saying it, then the mainstream media has to immediately say, oh, no. But we are the early warning system for the left. They should pay more attention.GUTFELD: Yes!(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Coming up, a flyer said it was unfair when she couldn't get a wheelchair.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: She's hell on wheels because she never skips meals. Our Video of the Day comes to us from the plus sized travel influencer who says an airport worker in Washington state refused to push her in a wheelchair up the jet bridge, leaving her gasping for air as she was forced to walk off the plane. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm a plus sized wheelchair user, and on a recent trip to the SEATAC Airport, I requested wheelchair assistance, as I always do. When it came time for me to deplane, I saw the employee who would be assisting me with my wheelchair waiting for me in the entry of the jet bridge. As I approached her and she realized she would be assisting me and not one of the smaller passengers, she started to walk away with the wheelchair while making comments about my size.I was then forced to walk up one of the longest jet bridges I have encountered. And she didn't stop. By the time she let me reach the wheelchair and sit down, my lips were white. My oxygen levels had dropped and I almost fainted. This is the first time flying without oxygen. This woman just assumed I could walk and would rather me do that instead of her having to push someone my size up the jet bridge. All the other attendants wheeled their passengers up the jet bridge, but my needs were disregarded.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: She said she was out of breath and nearly fainted after having to walk the length of the jet bridge, but she was able to keep going when she picked up the scent of a Cinnabon.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Terrible. I feel dirty.Kat, there's something going on here that I don't like. Basically, she is demanding people to be servants for her because of her weight. You have to get me into a chair. How is this -- this is almost like class warfare -- fat privilege.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: But also, just based on physics and gravity, what if the other person couldn't do it? I couldn't do it. You know. She wants everyone to accept everyone's bodies. You should also accept that maybe my body couldn't push your body.GUTFELD: Yes.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes. Dana, she's made previous demands for hotels to create size inclusive amenities like making elevators and hallways more spacious. So she's no longer saying the clothes are too tight. She's saying the buildings are.(LAUGHTER)PERINO: Everybody is going to have to expand.GUTFELD: She is expecting tiny people like you to pay for the stuff.PERINO: Not only that, but she's filing a lot of lawsuits -- I don't know if she is. But there is a movement to file a lot of lawsuits or to preemptively call somebody and get them to change something by the threat of a lawsuit, which is a big mistake.GUTFELD: What's happening?MAHER: First of all, I think this is the best show you've ever had.(APPLAUSE)MAHER: I just like to make that --GUTFELD: Let me guess why.MAHER: I don't know why.(LAUGHTER)MAHER: But I find it odd that we see this long video of her walking down the -- why if she can walk down the plane.GUTFELD: Who is filming it?TIMPF: Who is filming it, right.MAHER: Also, why do we need a wheelchair if you can walk down the length of the plane. You obviously can walk. We shouldn't make fun of the obese. I mean, look, I was just saying to you in the break, of all the topics I have ever covered, and I've been pilloried for everything, this is the one that I have gotten the most -- about. This is the ultimate third rail in America because it's a bunch of fat -- in this country.(APPLAUSE)(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: You know what -- and Bill.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: And they lied to us. They said they were jolly.(LAUGHTER)PINSKY: I want to take this woman and take her on a walk. Let's get going. Let's get it going. Let's do something. I feel so bad for her.MAHER: How do we fix this? Instead of feeling like victims, let's fix it.GUTFELD: Our diet culture, they way our nutrition -- it's all screwed up.PINSKY: We're too heavy and we're too thin at the same time.MAHER: This is old school liberalism. You have a problem, let's fix it. Let's not just rename it, or just be a victim of it. Let's fix it. The homeless, let's get you off the streets, instead of the woke view --GUTFELD: How dare you. No, it is. It's how dare you do that. It's how you dare tell me to get healthier, how dare you tell me to get off the street? It's like you're anti-compassion.PINSKY: We privileged denial. We privileged denial in the law and in the discourse. And that's a big mistake.GUTFELD: We've got to move on. Up next, an in-depth look at Bill's new bag.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: He's got a new book. Amazing cover. If you don't get it, you'll have to explain it. You've got a couple minutes. Tell us why you did this, what it's about.MAHER: OK, well, it's honestly, it's the editorials I've done at the end of my show for the last 20 years. Everybody kept saying to me, you should collect these and put them in a book. When we had the strike, I finally had the time to do that. I went through all the editorials, rewrote them, redid them so they're up to date, and put together in a book. Perfect gift for Father's Day, not that I'm plugging it.GUTFELD: It really is.MAHER: And everybody who's read it so far says it's the funniest book they've ever read because it has been LOL tested because I did a lot of these already on the air. And if you get the audiobook, I read them again. It is. It's funny on every page. And also there's something for everybody to like. Yes, there's stuff that your audience will just cream over it. They'll love it. And there's stuff they won't like, and that's OK, because like we did here tonight, you have to talk to each other and you have to hear the other side. And I speak to a different group. I don't want anybody who is ideologically captured. I speak to the normies. I speak to the people who don't want there to be any hate anymore in America. If there's any theme in this, is that I am tired of the heat. I don't want to hate half the country.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: I think you nailed it.MAHER: And I don't hate half the country, so there you go.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: That's his book. Pick it up.Don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Bill Maher, Dana Perino, Dr. Drew Pinsky, Kat Timpf our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)