(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS HOST: This is a Fox News alert. The first direct attack by Iran against Israel with more than 300 drones and missiles has caused little damage. That's because of Israel's sophisticated missile defense system with help from U.S. forces shooting down rockets, as well.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIEL HAGARI, ISRAELI DEFENSE FORCES SPOKESPERSON (through translator): Of approximately 170 unmanned aerial vehicles that Iran launched, zero crossed into Israeli territory.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: A few dozen Israelis were injured, including a child, and there was minor damage to an Israeli military base. Let's go right to Trey Yingst in Israel. And Trey, Fox and others are reporting that President Biden in a phone call has urged Bibi Netanyahu not to retaliate, since Iran has framed this as its retaliation for Israel's killing of three top commanders in Syria. What is the choice facing Netanyahu right now, holding back from another round of attacks or not?TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Yeah. Hey, Howie, good morning. Israel has a very difficult decision to make, and that's how to respond to this massive drone and missile attack overnight directed from Iranian territory targeting this country.Now it's a decision that is based on recent history. Remember, Israel has been at war for more than six months against Hamas inside Gaza. And following their response to Black Saturday, October 7th, and the massacre in southern Israel, Israel started to lose Western support, including that critical support from the United States. They've since gained it back.The tone from the Biden administration shifted in a matter of 48 hours. The President went from saying that the Israelis were making a mistake in Gaza and threatening to pull American support both politically and militarily from this country. Well, now, they have stood behind Israel as they faced an unprecedented attack from Iran.And the question will be if the Israelis see it as worthy of a response, are they willing to risk the relationship with Washington and their other Western allies to hit back against Iran, targeting a variety of different positions in Iranian territory, or will they wait? They held a meeting today with the war cabinet here in Tel Aviv at the Kiryat, Israel's version of the Pentagon, to make that very decision. Howie.KURTZ: Was this largely about saving face for Iran? Because the Iranians must have known that most of these drones and these missiles would be shot down by Israeli defense systems. And they were saying, well, our response is over, even before it was over. So, maybe they didn't really intend to cause much damage?YINGST: Absolutely. And when you think back to why the attack overnight took place, it was a direct response to an Israeli attack on April 1st that killed Mohammad Sahadi, a top Iranian general, along with six other members of Iran's IRGC at one of their linked buildings in Damascus, Syria. And so, it was a significant attack conducted by the Israelis that drew this response.The Iranians felt they had to do something. They say a red line was crossed, but they're also playing politics in the region. They went to the United Nations to say that there was a violation against their country's sovereignty because the building belonged to the Iranian consulate in Damascus, Syria.KURTZ: Yeah.YINGST: But also, this is a country that is constantly violating international law. And so, when they go to the United Nations and ask for support, they also have to consider their actions across the region.KURTZ: And Trey, just briefly, President Biden condemned the Iranian attack in the strongest possible terms. Has America's help, along with the British and the French, in shooting down some of these rockets now changed what was a very fraught relationship, as you described, between Joe Biden and Bibi Netanyahu? Or since we still have the questions about an invasion of Rafah, could this just be a temporary coming together?YINGST: This could certainly be a temporary coming together, but it also defines a red line for the United States when it comes to attacks against Israel. Israel faced thousands of rockets from Hamas and Islamic Jihad over the past six months. The Americans supplied weapons, bombs and also missile defense interceptors for Israel's smallest system, the Iron Dome.What took place last night was totally different. Ballistic missiles, cruise missiles, swarms of attack drones. The Americans were looking to send a message to the Iranians that these large-scale attacks will not go unmet and that the Americans will stand behind the Israelis --KURTZ: Right.YINGST: -- to help them if they are attacked on a large scale. And that was the message sent last night. It does not mean Israel will be immune to other criticism --KURTZ: Yeah.YINGST: -- when it comes to their operation inside Gaza.KURTZ: Well, I think that particular message was received. Trey Yingst, thank you very much and stay safe. Joining us now to analyze the coverage, Caroline Downey, a reporter for "National View". And in Los Angeles, Leslie Marshall, the radio talk show host and Fox News contributor. Caroline, there's been no U.S. aid to Israel for months because of partisan gridlock on Capitol Hill, which is complicated, but it's gone on for months. Will that change now?CAROLINE DOWNEY, "NATIONAL REVIEW" REPORTER: I think now there is this, just like after October 7th, there's this unique solidarity we're seeing from both sides of the aisle. However, I will note with the Democrats, it seems to be fleeting because as much as Chuck Schumer is now supporting Israel with open arms, a week ago he was calling for regime change in Israel.So, again, we have to stay on the pulse of what these politicians, what their tone is. In the next week, as soon as Israel tries to fight back, because this is the same old story, a tale as old as time, if Israel takes it and just absorbs the attack, then we say, okay Israel, you know, you're not doing anything wrong, like, we're so sorry that happened to you.KURTZ: Yeah.DOWNEY: But if they try to defend themselves, then it's all over.KURTZ: Well, Mike Johnson was on Maria Bartiromo's show last hour and said, we stand with Israel, but didn't give any indication about breaking that impasse, Leslie. And so, if he put an Israeli aid bill on the House floor tomorrow, wouldn't it pass easily?LESLIE MARSHALL, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: I'm not sure. I mean, I think that we've seen, even though FISA was eventually passed, I think we have seen over half a dozen times bills that should have had either bipartisan support or should have easily passed, you know, at least along party lines with Republicans.He has, you know, a problem within his own party, people that are disgruntled with him or disgruntled with or align themselves with the former president, depending on the legislation at hand. So, I think, it would be problematic due to that fragmentation, Howie.But you know, I want to say something regarding, you know, this attack. Iran said they were going to do it. And I think it is obvious that this was a message because Iran did it, not Hezbollah. And Hezbollah actually has, you know, many more missiles of which you are accurate. Ninety nine percent of these 300 were intercepted and Iran knew that they would be intercepted.KURTZ: Yeah.MARSHALL: But the minister of Israel, Gantz, said, quote, Israel would exact a price from Iran in a way and time that suits us. So, it might happen or it might not happen.KURTZ: Right. I think, by the way, that Schumer would say that he was doing it, was taking the stand that Bibi should resign. Some Israelis agree with in the interest of Israel, but we can debate that another time. So, Caroline, Biden kept telling Iran, don't whenever he was asked, he said, don't.DOWNEY: Yes.KURTZ: So, Iran did. Now, even though the missiles did little damage, some media conservators say this show weakness on his part. Is that fair? What else was he supposed to do?DOWNEY: Howie, my domain is politics. One thing I've been observing on social media is that there's a 2018 tweet circulating in which Trump warned Iran not to threaten the U.S. or they'd suffer the consequences. So, I think, Iran's attack is going to unlock new nostalgia for Trump foreign policy. In 2018, "The New York Times" said that Trump pushed the U.S. to the, quote, brink of war with Iran. The nation accused Trump of trying to spark such a conflict for his re-election prospects.And all of these legacy outlets said that the Soleimani strike, which responded to Iran's provocation, was reckless endangerment and escalation. Turns out that was effective deterrence that scared the regime. And so, what we need to see here is less of this much -- much talk and more action from Biden. And his actions speak very loud. I mean, he lifted the economic sanctions against Iran that allowed for the transfer of six billion dollars to the war chest of Iran.KURTZ: Well, Leslie, on the other hand, media liberals are saying that Joe Biden, this was a success. The U.S. did what Biden said it would do, ironclad commitment and helped shoot down dozens and dozens of missiles. Now, Biden wants to prevent a wider war. Isn't that in Israel's interest, as well?MARSHALL: Yes, because when President Biden said don't, it's not weakness. Look, the art of war, number one, is the element of surprise. You hear that in the Minister of Israel's -- Prime Minister of Israel's remark. You also hear that in Joe Biden's remark. You don't show your hand, especially in this day and age where people kind of know your chest move --KURTZ: Yeah.MARSHALL: -- you know, 10 days before. And that's not only ineffective. It's not safe for your citizens. Look, Israel has stepped up their escalation of attacks on Iran, on different sites in Syria.KURTZ: Right.MARSHALL: And in the past, they have largely really tried to avoid casualties. And that wasn't the case here. It's not just a Syria. This is what you get for, you know, dealing with Iran.KURTZ: Right.MARSHALL: It's like, hey, Iran, this is what you get.KURTZ: Right, I got to get a break.MARSHALL: -- working with Hamas and working with Hezbollah.KURTZ: All right.MARSHALL: So, I don't think it's weakness at all.KURTZ: More on Israel later when we come back. Donald Trump drawing media flack for disclosing his stance on abortion.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: When I asked Donald Trump about abortion in a Mar-a-Lago sit down, he made pretty clear he favored a ban after four months of pregnancy.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: You were quoted as saying to one of your aides, well, I like 16 weeks because it's a nice round number, four months. Do you think that could be politically acceptable?DONALD TRUMP, REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: So we're going to find out. And pretty soon I'm going to be making a decision. And I would like to see if we could do that at all, Howie. I would like to see if we could make both sides happy.(END VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ: When the former president made his announcement this week, there was no mention of any time limit or any ban.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The states will determine by vote or legislation or perhaps both. And whatever they decide must be the law of the land, in this case, the law of the state. Many states will be different. Many will have a different number of weeks or some will have more conservative than others.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: Trump said in the video, almost verbatim, what he told me, the Democrats are the radicals because they favor late term abortion. Turns out there were two factions in the Trump camp and the more cautious one prevailed. That led to these headlines. "New York Times", "On abortion, Trump chose politics over principle. "Politico", "Why Trump balked on an abortion ban, pure politics."Joe Biden ripped Trump, but only in a statement. And pro-lifers criticized him as well, especially his pal Lindsey Graham, who compared Trump's stance to the infamous Dred Scott ruling on slavery. Trump hit back, saying the senator was doing a disservice to the country. The pundits, of course, were deeply divided.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAURA INGRAHAM, "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE": Republicans fought for 50 years to get Roe overturned and courtesy of Trump, they finally succeeded. But didn't he do the thing, the only thing really he could do at this point without committing political suicide?RACHEL MADDOW, "THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" HOST: The substantive, new and important thing articulated by Donald Trump today was that he has now abandoned any criticism he once had for the strictest abortion bans that are now in effect or under consideration.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: Caroline Downey, why did Trump, after seeming to embrace a 15 or 16 week ban with me and others, take this more minimal approach of saying, as the Supreme Court had already ruled, that this should just be left open to the states?DOWNEY: I mean, look, Howie, it's well documented that Trump is a populist more than a principled conservative. So, he really tries to keep his pulse on the people. And it's well known to even our movement, the conservative movement, that we have not won the argument yet in culture.And so, you know, as remains to be seen with Trump appointing the judges to the Supreme Court, that was to overturn Roe, which even progressives recognize was bad law. And as you know, Howie, the Constitution says absolutely not all progressives.KURTZ: Well, not all progressives. But anyway, he owns that because he made it happen.DOWNEY: But many of them. Yes. But that was to defer the issue to the states because the Constitution says absolutely nothing about abortion.KURTZ: Yeah.DOWNEY: But of course, there's been many mainstream outlets that have claimed, you know, Trump's record is grossly inconsistent. You know, "The Guardian" said that he was kind of weaponizing this position. CNN said that he's changed his position 15 times in the last 25 years.KURTZ: Yeah.DOWNEY: And so, it's -- but at the end of the day, if you follow his evolution. He's just trying to keep his pulse on the people. And he just wants to deescalate the issue, not be obsessed with it.KURTZ: Leslie, but didn't he deliver a wink and a nod by talking about with me and others, 15 weeks, 16 weeks, kind of saying, hey, this is what I would really like to do, but then not doing it because he took the cautious approach.MARSHALL: Yeah, I mean, you can say keep your finger on the pulse and the people or you can say, I want to win. What can I say to win and what can I say at that time to win? Look, sorry, I can say it about Mitt Romney. When he was in my home state of Massachusetts running for governor, he was pro choice. But then all of a sudden he became pro-life and he was pro-life before that.Many politicians changed their minds and changed their stance. And there are a lot of people out there, myself included, that wouldn't trust somebody like Donald Trump, especially saying, I won't sign it if it gets to my desk. Not sure I buy that.He does say, let's put it to the states. But that is still a concern. And we know it's a concern and it's a concern of Republicans. Nikki Haley even said, and I thought it was a very good statement. We need to be pro-life, yet figure out how to be pro-woman, as well.KURTZ: Okay.MARSHALL: It is a problem. When you look at the numbers for Republicans, abortion Democrats exceedingly lead Donald Trump. So, it's very clear what he's doing. He's trying to get a leg up on one area where Joe Biden beats him heavily.KURTZ: Let me jump in here, Caroline. Some pro-life groups and advocates are really disappointed. And "National Review", your magazine, says this is his divorce from the pro-life movement. Do you agree with that?DOWNEY: Well, there is still some debate within National Review. Andy McCarthy kind of echoed what I just told you --KURTZ: YesDOWNEY: --which is to de-escalate the abortion politicsKURTZ: Right.DOWNEY: -- to defer it to the states, is in fact in line with even what Antonin Scalia had had written in some opinions.KURTZ: Trump also told me you got to follow your heart, but you also have to win elections.DOWNEY: So, that's what I want to say.KURTZ: Yeah.DOWNEY: That statement in which he said, follow your heart is parroting way too closely pro-choicers. Many pro-lifers did feel abandoned by that because when he said that, he didn't even say, well, in those states where federalism will prevail, he's not even advocating for pro-life laws in those states. He could have at least said, I think pro-life laws should succeed in those states. But he didn't. He was silent. He merely said, let us just follow the proper course, you know, de-escalating from the federal government to the states.KURTZ: Well, you know, the Biden team, meanwhile, has been lobbying the press to portray Donald Trump's stance as much more negative, as he's really for a ban, but he won't tell you and so forth. Here's a press call, we'll play the audio from the deputy communications director of the Biden camp, Brooke Goren, talking to reporters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BROOKE GOREN, DEPUTY COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR OF THE BIDEN CAMP: Trump kept his word to overturn Roe in his last term, and he will not rest until he has banned abortion across the entire country, period. We all know this and the coverage needs to reflect it. And some, like "USA Today" actually changed headlines as a result. Leslie, what do you make of this bit of exertion on the press? So, they have every right to do it, but is it a little heavy handed?MARSHALL: Look, I'm hearing a lot of opinion nowadays, whether it's about Joe Biden or Donald Trump, and that's obviously more opinion than what he said. But look, we also have on video, Howie, that he said before that he felt doctors should be prosecuted for performing abortion. So, you know, just because you say it and you have the reel to go with it, that you can watch and listen to at the same time, you know, doesn't mean that somebody can't change their mind and, you know, turn around from that.We have seen the impact of the issue of abortion, not just in the midterm election, but we certainly saw it in the state of Ohio. Right. So, it's going to be a big issue among voters. And, you know, except for the evangelicals, which Donald Trump really does need to get him over the finish line if he wants to be president again, you know --KURTZ: I will put you down as skeptical, Leslie. Again, I got to get a break. Up next, how a drastic move by Arizona's Supreme Court is changing the abortion debate.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: The day after Trump's video on abortion, Arizona's highest court revived an 1864 law passed by a white man during the Civil War when women couldn't vote. There was no electricity and Arizona was just a territory which outlawed abortion, except to save the mother's life and mandated prison terms for providers. Reporters asked both presidential candidates about the ruling.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Mr. President, did Arizona go too far? Did Arizona go too far?TRUMP: Yeah, they did. And that would be straightened out. Yeah, and as you know, it's all about state rights and to be straightened out. And I'm sure that the governor and everybody else are going to bring it back into reason.REPORT: What do you say to the people of Arizona right now? We're witnessing a law go in place that dates back to the Civil War.BIDEN: Elect me. I'm in the 20 -- 20th century, 21st century, not back then. There weren't even a state.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: Twenty-first century. Caroline. Trump critics are saying, look, see, this is what you get when you leave it up to the states, that a court can step in and revive this 1864 law where you can get up to five years in prison if you're a provider.DOWNEY: I mean, look, Trump recognized that these states can hold referendums, they can undo some of these restrictions if they want. He even said Florida could be on the chopping block. Although I'm not so sure because that's a pretty heavily read majority there now.But this is the problem with the GOP messaging on abortion. It's not effective counterattacks because what Trump said in his statement was the extremism of the Democrats is astounding and it's not marketed enough. The fact that they could support abortion up until the moment of birth and verges on infanticide.KURTZ: Well, the infanticide thing is, is a bit of a Republican talking point Nobody is killing babies.DOWNEY: But there's extremism on the other side, too, Howie.KURTZ: That's why I brought it up.DOWNEY: And the fact that it doesn't get as much airtime as is a GOP messaging problem.KURTZ: Okay, so, Leslie, Trump said, look, Arizona, this goes too far, came out right away. It will be fixed in a couple of weeks, he said. But it's the Republican lawmakers in Arizona who quickly adjourned any vote so it couldn't be fixed right away. And the Republican Speaker of the House there says he won't allow a vote.MARSHALL: Howie, you just put your finger on it. It's Republicans. Republicans, although they're punishing women and medical providers with this decision, and I mean, hearkening law from the 1800s. Like you said, you know, women couldn't vote. I mean, where do we go next?They're giving Democrats a gift in the state of Arizona. And even though somebody might say give it to the states, what happens in the states, Howie, if you fight and fight and fight in court and you fight and fight and fight? It goes to the Supreme Court. Who decides who's on the Supreme Court? The President of the United States.KURTZ: Caroline, this is from a time before Lincoln freed the slaves. A few thousand people live in this Arizona territory, half a century away from statehood. Even Carrie Lake, who once embraced this 1864 law in her last campaign, now says it can't. I don't support it. It can't take effect.DOWNEY: Howie, as I said, the coverage of this is basically trying to drown out the entire pro life side entirely. But if you look at like how the public feels, a morning consult poll from 2023 found that 67 percent of Americans believe in at least a 15-week limit. So, I mean, this idea that Americans are so, so insanely pro-choice is just not true.Granted, you know, this is taking up all the airtime. But again --KURTZ: Are you saying that the press is jumping on Arizona as a way of winning the broader argument?DOWNEY: Of course. Of course. Yes, I mean, this is a -- this gets a lot of drama. You know, this is a lot of drama for the press to capitalize on. But the reality is that 15-weeks is very popular among the GOP. And that still allows 95 percent of abortions.KURTZ: Leslie, I just have half a minute. But the guy who wrote this was married five times, had relationships with girls as young as 12. So, not exactly a moral beacon.MARSHALL: Yeah. You know, you know, the hypocrisy, I mean, come on. It's not just -- it's not just laughable. It's predictable, isn't it, at this point?KURTZ: Well, but it's the state's highest court and the state's highest court in Florida, as Caroline said. Also, the six week ban there, which Trump also opposes, is going to go into effect next month. So, this battle is obviously not over. But this conversation is, Caroline Downey, Leslie Marshall. Good to see you both. Next on "Media Buzz", more on Iran's first direct attack on Israel as the former president weighs in.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: Now, that Iran's first direct attack on Israel has caused little damage, 99 percent of those drones and missiles shot down outside Israeli territory with help from the U.S., the political finger pointing has begun. Here's Donald Trump last night.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: That's because we show great weakness. This would not happen. The weakness that we've shown is unbelievable and it would not have happened if we were in office.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: Joining us now in New York, Griff Jenkins, Fox News anchor and correspondent. And here with me, Kevin Corke, Fox's senior national correspondent. Griff, you've been in a lot of war zones. What Trump is saying is a hypothetical -- what would have happened if he was still in the White House? But he's certainly not going to credit Joe Biden with a great success.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, and, you know, last night I was on "The Big Weekend Show" and we took those comments live and I was expecting the president to talk about the U.S. response. Because one thing that is undeniable, and we can get into the wavering in recent weeks of the Biden administration supporting aid to Israel.Last night you saw the U.S. fully engaging with warplanes and our aircraft carriers shooting down the missiles and drones that Iran sent in what was an unprecedented moment in the Middle East. Tehran has never struck Israel or attempted to directly with missiles and drones. And last night, you cannot deny that the U.S. was there a hundred percent defending Israel.KURTZ: Well, Kevin, in an earlier, less partisan time, both candidates might have said we stand with Israel and praise the U.S. response. But didn't Joe Biden do what he promised to do? Yes, he's been at odds with Bibi Netanyahu, but U.S. forces took down dozens of Iranian missiles.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: They did the right thing. And I think politically, this is a victory for the administration in this sense, Howie, you have got to be consistent. We've talked about the longevity of the relationship. We've talked about the importance of the relationship.When they waver, especially as it relates to other Israeli incursions and policy decisions, it makes them look weaker. And I don't think it helps them as much as they think it might with a relatively small group of voters in various states.KURTZ: Griff, Iran obviously was behind Hamas' unspeakably brutal attack on October 7th. It's behind Hezbollah's rocket attacks on Israel, always using other proxies. What's the significance of the direct attack? Because now it's war with Israel, a shadow war, I guess you could call it, now out in the open.JENKINS: That's a great question. And that's what this is all about. What happens next? What will Israel's response be? Because we're on this path of what appears to be an unstoppable escalation in the region, even though the administration and everyone's saying, let's have cooler heads and maybe Israel will temper their response.But you go back to October 7th and then you saw, of course, the proxies in Syria and Lebanon attacking and then you get the Israeli response taking out General Zahedi in Damascus, that Iranian consulate. And of course, Iran felt they had to save face. They had to respond. But now it's gone to this next level.KURTZ: Yeah.JENKINS: And it's almost, as some have described it, an escalation ladder and it's anybody's guess to see what the next step will be.KURTZ: Yeah, that's such a crucial question. And Kevin, it seems to me Iran doesn't want a sustained war with Israel because otherwise it wouldn't have constructed an attack that we knew would cause limited damage and had been telegraphed in advance. But Israel is so trained to retaliate that they may decide we can't let this go unanswered and then you have endless cycles.CORKE: Here's the hope. And you've heard Griff refer to this, this escalation ladder. What the administration really would like to do is encourage Bibi Netanyahu to let this be more or less it. The problem is --KURTZ: That's what the President told Bibi. Yeah.CORKE: Absolutely right. If it doesn't turn out to be this way, the real issue for the administration moving forward is how much influence do you really have? You can talk about your relationships, but if you have no influence, then you kind of wonder, well, where is this relationship, based at least on where we are in 2024 versus say where we thought we were maybe in 2020.KURTZ: You know, a quick one for both of you. We've got a half minute for each. Does the vivid demonstration of Israel being bombarded or people spending all night in bomb shelters make the House's delay, this partisan warfare, so to speak, in providing military aid. Look, like it's just out of step with modern warfare. Griff first.JENKINS: On the political front, it is fully engaged and you're seeing the politics already playing out this morning with Speaker Johnson saying they're going to start first thing tomorrow this week to put a back on the House floor. But on the Democrat side, you're seeing the lead editorial in "The New York Times" is military aid to Israel must -- cannot be unconditional.Well, Democrat Senator John Fetterman has been hammering that all day saying no conditions whatsoever. And so, you're going to see this play out politically this week early and fast, and I think it's going to be a bigger problem for the Democrat Party.KURTZ: Well, but how can the United States do nothing at this point when we've seen Israel in this kind of attack?CORKE: I think you have to be consistent -- support, support, support. And if you don't support, be clear about why you don't and make that your mission.KURTZ: All right. On that note, we'll keep an eye on what's happening. After the break, television's endless exploitation of murder trials, how it all began with O.J. Simpson.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: It was a circus of a televised trial. O.J. Simpson charged with murdering his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ron Goldman. Simpson, who just died at 76, was at the center of a racially charged case that began with a low-speed chase of his white Bronco.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOM BROKAW, FORMER NBC NEWS HOST: We are looking at live pictures of Interstate Five in Los Angeles. We believe that that white vehicle, which is being trailed by a phalanx of California highway patrol cars and helicopters, belongs to Al Cowlings, who disappeared with O.J. Simpson.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: And trial stunts that everyone endlessly debated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: If it doesn't fit, you must acquit.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: And there's O.J. trying on the glove -- the infamous glove. Defense lawyer Johnny Cochran, prosecutor Marcia Clark, Judge Lance Ito, everyone in the trial became famous, even fringe characters like house guest Kato Kaelin. Despite substantial evidence that the one-time football star had stabbed Nicole and Ron, the jury, which was two-thirds black, acquitted Simpson, and there was a racial uproar.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Not guilty of the crime of murder, and violation of penal code section 187, and count one of the --OPRAH WINFREY, "THE OPRAH WINFREY" HOST: The jury has spoken. Obviously, you're very happy.UNKNOWN: I'm very happy for his family, for his children.UNKNOWN: I think justice was served.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: The first interview went to BET's Ed Gordon.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)O.J. SIMPSON, FORMER NFL STAR ACQUITTED OF MURDER: I think the media is the main reason why America is feeling the way they're feeling. They were lied to.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: All the media's fault. Kevin Corke, how did you feel at the time that O.J. was acquitted by black jurors who, through what's called jury nullification.CORKE: Yeah.KURTZ: The hell with the evidence. He's one of us. He beat the system. We're going to cheer. And most whites were angry because a double murderer had been turned loose.CORKE: I don't think that this was really about O.J. at the time. It was really about the LAPD. People forget that. The whole Rodney King thing -- Rodney King.KURTZ: And the way officers were acquitted.CORKE: Yeah. Literally, O.J. might have been able to do pretty much anything and would have been found not guilty because of the feeling in Los Angeles at that time.KURTZ: Interesting observation. Griff Jenkins. O.J., of course, was later hit with a $33 million civil verdict in the civil trial brought by the victim's families. This trial was such a ridiculous clown show that I thought it was embarrassing for the media, but they didn't care because of the ratings crack.JENKINS: Right. And it begs the question, would this trial -- O.J.'s trial, be any different if it were held today, for example? But to Kevin's great point, I mean, this trial certainly laid bare this national divide over race and policing on the heels of Rodney King. But I was talking with our former colleague, Greta Van Susteren, about this.Of course, she was at the center of all that, and she said, you have to remember, Howie, that the jury was often taken out every day at various points of the trial, and so they saw a very different trial than the one that the media and the rest of the nation watched on full display. And they were charged not with whether or not O.J. Simpson was guilty of this brutal murder, but whether there was any reasonable doubt that he committed it.And that's why when you see things like the glove not fitting and elements of the case, maybe that's how they got there. One thing is for sure, and that is that this trial has set in play many of the future trials that have leaned on celebrity in the legal system.KURTZ: But you don't have celebrities of O.J.'s caliber. So, what happened is, and by the way, remember after he quit, he said he was going to go find the real killer? That never worked out. Today, we have coverage of local murder trials involving people, Kevin, that we have never heard of who are turned into national melodramas because, and sometimes after these sagas over missing white women, because everybody in the T.V. business knows that this will deliver big ratings.CORKE: Think about what this really did, Howie. Created networks, stars, journalism stars, elevated folks who would never have been a household name into just that. The bigger difference though, and I think Griff's point is well taken, if you look at it through today's prism of media, imagine how unbelievable that would be. We're talking this would be like Tom Brady or somebody like that. Some Hollywood star being accused of some heinous crime. It would be that kind of thing, and I don't think, I could be wrong, I don't think we'll ever see anything like it again.KURTZ: You know, Tom Brokaw's NBC Nightly News, I wrote at the time, it surged in the ratings because it did two O.J. stories a night in the lead, no matter what had or hadn't happened, and Tom didn't like that. Griff, O.J. even put out this absurd book, "If I Did It", which was an obvious confession without saying he had really done it, and some news outlets played along, others didn't, but HarperCollins ended up canceling the book, and the rights were turned over to Ron Goldman's family, and they marketed it and were able to make some money toward that civil judgment.JENKINS: Well, and I think you saw on the announcement of O.J.'s death, Fred Goldman said, so what? He's dead. You know, I mean, O.J. clearly, in writing that book, was almost rubbing it in the victim's family's faces, and clearly that was something that many had hoped he would be on a path to rehabilitation.I remember he ended up doing time in jail, not for this case, but because he was conducting his own sting operation, trying in Vegas, getting some, you know, relics back, and so he clearly was a troubled individual, and did very little to rehabilitate himself.But, you know, your point about Brokaw is very significant. I think all of us old enough to remember that car chase that put all of this in motion. I was in a sports bar in downtown D.C., it was a Friday night when it happened, and all of a sudden there was a white Bronco being chased on every television, and people in the bar we were in in downtown D.C. were shouting, Go O.J. Go! And that, of course, told me where we were headed.KURTZ: So, Griff anticipates my next question, which was, O.J. did end up serving nine years because of the stealing back his sports memorabilia.CORKE: Right, right.KURTZ: And in an Al Capone tax evasion sense, Kevin, a lot of people felt justice had finally been done.CORKE: Yeah, sometimes if you can't get them one way, you get them the other way, you know, the old expression, show me the man and I'll show you the crime. In this particular case, I think they finally felt like they got some justice, but remember this, Howie, there's a long arc of history. We will look back at what happened, not just from the jury's perspective, but from what happened to the woman and the man who were killed, and we will probably all say, good riddance.KURTZ: Yeah, you know, O.J. died of cancer at 76, Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown didn't get to live to 76, and their families have had to live with that loss for so long. Thank you both for bringing us back. Still to come, the NPR editor who says his network has gone so far left, it's off the rails.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KURTZ: An award-winning senior business editor at NPR, been there 25 years, is taking on his own network. Murray Berliner tells "Free Press" founder Barry Weiss that while NPR has always leaned left, in recent years, it's gone off the rails into liberal activism. And he traces it to Donald Trump's election in 2016.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)URI BERLINER, NPR SENIOR BUSINESS EDITOR: We were shocked, disturbed, distraught, really troubled. After a while, we started covering Trump in a way that, like a lot of legacy news organizations, that we were trying to damage his presidency, to even find anything we could to harm him.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: During Bob Mueller's investigation of alleged Russian collusion, NPR had Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff on 25 times.UNKNOWN: We really latched on to Adam Schiff. He was like our muse to the Trump collusion story. We had him on constantly.(END VIDEO CLIP)KURTZ: NPR had no interest in the Hunter Biden laptop story. I remember vividly when managing editor Terrence Samuels said, we don't want to waste our time on stories that are not really stories. And we don't want to waste our listeners' and readers' time on stories that are just distractions.Joining us now, Fox News analyst Juan Williams, who spent a decade at NPR. Putting yourself aside for a second. Do you think NPR in recent years has moved from just being left-leaning to one that engages in liberal activism and anti-Trumpism?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS ANALYST: Well, I think there's no question Trump has contributed to a polarized media landscape in America. So, I think when Uri Berliner says you see lots of people on the left side of the media looking to damage Trump, that that's quite right, that that's intentional. And I think they see themselves in a media landscape where there's strong voices on the right, especially on radio, Howie, where the talk show hosts who dominate are right-wing talk show hosts.I think NPR has planted a flag on the left and said we are, you know, given the audience and given how the audience has shifted, the number percentage of conservatives who previously listened to NPR has gone down in the Trump era. I think you see this more clearly now.KURTZ: Right. But NPR doesn't see it that way. In fact, the CEO, Catherine Maher, said questioning our journalists and their identity is disrespectful, hurtful and demeaning. But going back to you, your contract was terminated in 2010. I remember the controversy. Some comments you made on Fox and NPR said undermine your credibility. You said, if you see someone in Muslim garb get on a plane, you get nervous. But you also --WILLIAMS: This is after 9-11.KURTZ: Right. But you, all right, very different environment. You also said all Muslims shouldn't be blamed for what extremists do. So, why did this lead to your getting the ax, you think?WILLIAMS: Well, again, this is interesting in the in the context of Uri Berliner's piece, because this is before Trump, right?KURTZ: Right. This is before Trump then.WILLIAMS: And I think that what we've seen time and again at NPR is an insulated cadre of people, liberals, I think, for the most part, who think they are right thinking, they're well-educated people, that they think they're good people. And it can lead, I think, to a sort of arrogance. So, someone like me, I think you've known me a long time. I'm no flaming conservative, but I am too conservative a black guy for their taste.They would say, well, why is he willing to hear this out, to talk to a Justice Thomas, to deal with black concern? They know that for them, it was like that doesn't fit with advocacy groups who say we need to do more in terms of black American experience. And, you know, obviously, I've written, I think, best-selling books about the black experience in America.KURTZ: Right.WILLIAMS: But it didn't fit with their understanding.KURTZ: By the way, NPR admitted botching this. And also the executive who dumped you had to leave. And also the CEO didn't get a bonus. So, and there had been friction. And I guess maybe you weren't as comfortable there. But meanwhile, there's also Uri Berliner saying that now you have to enter in a database anything about age, race, ethnicity, other people you interviewed. And, you know, they keep track.WILLIAMS: I think -- I think this has gone to an extreme. But again, you know, there's just an interesting angle here, which is it's not conservatives at NPR battling against liberals at NPR.KURTZ: Berliner voted against Trump twice.WILLIAMS: Right.KURTZ: He's not the right winger.WILLIAMS: So, what you have is sort of liberals against more people who are trying to prove they're more liberal. That's the conversation in that very niche media environment. And I think this is highly regrettable because from the kind of journalistic experience I've had, you want people challenging ideas, people pushing you so that you're doing your best and not only getting the facts, but presenting a balanced picture to the audience.KURTZ: Well, you know, "The New York Times" waited two days and then did a sort of NPR and turmoil piece, but didn't get into any of the specifics that Berliner cited. Meanwhile, nothing in "The Washington Post," nothing in "Politico," nothing on air at CNN or MSNBC. Doesn't that prove Berliner's point? If this had been a senior Fox person speaking out, I think it would have been covered about nine seconds later.WILLIAMS: Oh, I don't think there's any question. I can tell you that. And I think that's interesting that in this environment now, media companies have to sort of identify one way or another.KURTZ: Yeah.WILLIAMS: And then, you know, so Fox or NPR -- NPR, I think they're saying, we don't believe the big lie. Other people do. And we're here to do it. And they think that they are right and they are going to show you how right they are. But it leads them into a point of blindness on some occasions.KURTZ: Yeah. Donald Trump now calling for the defunding of NPR. But I think these stations are popular in the local communities. So, that's a hard thing to do. Juan, thanks for sharing your thoughts with us. Juan Williams of five major networks, including Fox News, along with A.P., PBS and others, are urging Donald Trump and Joe Biden to debate each other this fall.In a letter out today, there's simply no substitute for the candidates debating each other before the American people. Trump had already said yes. Biden hasn't committed.And that leaves me some time to say goodbye. I'm Howard Kurtz. Thanks for joining us. And we'll see you next Sunday.