HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: That's him giving his granddaughter Deanna her diploma in engineering from Georgia Tech just over the weekend. Congratulations to that family and congratulations to him on all of his courage. And young Deanna, go for it, girl. You go, girl. JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: I bet he was very proud.All right, that's it for us tonight. Have a great night, everybody.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, Judge, thank you very much. Appreciate it.Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier.Ongoing anti-Israel protests force another prominent school to cancel its main graduation ceremony. We'll take you there.House Speaker Mike Johnson meets with the Republican lawmakers seeking to kick him out of his job. We have a behind the scenes of that meeting.And who will former President Trump pick to be his running mate? A look at the contenders tonight.But first, breaking tonight, Israel has begun striking targets in the Gaza Strip city of Rafah. Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu saying that a ceasefire proposal agreed to by Hamas is far from his country's essential demands.However, Israel will send negotiators to continue talks to try to find a solution. But in the meantime, they are not letting up.Correspondent Jeff Paul is in Tel Aviv with the very latest tonight. Good evening, Jeff.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. We are learning the Israeli war cabinet has unanimously decided to continue its operations in Rafah saying that it wants to keep pressure on Hamas to eventually release all of the hostages.But at the same time, Israel's also signaling that it will send a delegation of mediators to possibly figure out a new deal that is more acceptable to Israel.Now, shortly after those comments were made, the IDF confirmed that it is carrying out targeted airstrikes on Hamas terror targets in eastern Rafah. That is where earlier today the Israeli military started warning civilians to start evacuating using flyers, phone calls and even text messages, the IDF urged roughly 100,000 Palestinians to move to the Mawasi humanitarian zone. The Israeli military described it as a limited scope operation and not a large scale evacuation. Here's how IDF spokesperson Daniel Hagari described the current situation involving both a possible hostage deal and their actions in Rafah.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REAR ADM. DANIEL HAGARI, ISRAEL DEFENSE FORCES SPOKESPERSON (through translator): We examine every answer and reply very seriously and find every possibility regarding the negotiations for the return of the hostages to their homes as a central task as quickly as possible. And at the same time, we continue our operations in the Gaza Strip, and will continue to do so.PAUL (voice over): Shortly after news broke of Hamas agreeing to a deal, Palestinians in Gaza could be seen celebrating in the street clearly happy about the development. The details, though of the deal that Hamas has agreed to, well, those remain unclear.However, in Israel, a much different scene unraveled there, thousands throughout the country, including some families of hostages started protesting including right there in downtown Tel Aviv. They're outraged that there are 132 people who were kidnapped back on October 7th who are still missing. So, they're pushing the Israeli government to do whatever it takes to bring them home.YEHUDA COHEN, FATHER: We expect the government to take these deal to save all the remaining hostages who are still alive. Save life. Don't talk about fighting in blood.(END VIDEOTAPE)PAUL (on camera): Meanwhile, Hamas has released a statement saying any sort of military operation in Rafah will not be a "picnic", Bret.BAIER: Jeff Paul live in Tel Aviv. Jeff, thanks. Let's get reaction to the ceasefire proposal, Israel's response from the Biden administration. White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich joins us now live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. This morning during a 30-minute phone call, President Biden reiterated to Prime Minister Netanyahu that the U.S. would not support a large scale operation in Rafah that would endanger civilian lives.But Netanyahu continues to be pessimistic that continued talks would yield any results. So, when Hamas announced that it had accepted a ceasefire proposal, both governments scrambled to unpack it. Israel later announcing it was not acceptable.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (voice over): It's unclear if the ceasefire proposal Hamas claimed it agreed to Monday is aligned with what the U.S. and Israel put on the table.JOHN KIRBY, PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: We want to get these hostages out. We want to get a ceasefire in place for six weeks. We want to increase humanitarian assistance.HEINRICH (voice over): In recent days, Hamas reportedly made clear according to Egyptian officials, its demand to fully end the war with complete Israeli withdrawal in return for the release of all hostages.After Israel announced it began targeted operations in Rafah, the U.S. making clear it stands by its allies' key goal despite opposing a large scale operation that would endanger Palestinian civilians.HEINRICH: Is the U.S. still aligned with Israel in its intention to eliminate the terrorist threat posed by Hamas?KIRBY: Of course. I've said many times here, you're not going to eliminate an ideology through military operations. But decision will have a right and responsibility to eliminate the threat that they suffered on the seventh of October 100 percent. Absolutely.HEINRICH (voice over): U.S. officials would not say whether the latest volley by Hamas may be part of a public pressure campaign to make Israel look like the aggressor and get the U.S. to back off support for its ally.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President, what was your message to Netanyahu?HEINRICH (voice over): When following reports the administration withheld in arms shipment to Israel, congressional Republicans have their view.SEN. TOM COTTON (R-AR): Sounds suspiciously like an info operation in trying to win a P.R. war because Hamas knows it can't win a military war against Israel. As long as Joe Biden, the Democratic Party keeps putting pressure on Israel, it makes Hamas that much less likely to actually agree to release any of these hostages.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): Jordan's King Abdullah, who met privately with President Biden at the White House today released a statement saying an Israeli attack on Rafah would lead to a, "new massacre" or threatens to lead to a new massacre accurately. That's pretty notable caution, Bret, coming from a very critical ally in that region, Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich live in the North Lawn. Jacqui, thanks.A 5:00 p.m. deadline has come and gone set by anti-Israel protesters at Harvard for the administration there to begin negotiations. Demonstrators have not specified what will happen next.Meanwhile, in Manhattan, protesters from Columbia University and Hunter College are leading what they call a citywide day of rage. Correspondent Molly Line is on the Harvard campus in Cambridge, Massachusetts right now with the latest. Good evening, Molly.MOLLY LINE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. As some protests are growing and escalating, the negotiation deadline set for Harvard leaders by the demonstrators that have created an encampment right here on Harvard campus. That deadline has passed.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)LINE (voice over): Officials from Columbia announced today that the school's university wide commencement ceremony has been cancelled after weeks of protests.As Harvard's interim president with commencement just weeks away, calls for an end to a disruptive encampment entrenched on the institution's iconic yard, threatening disciplinary consequences.Alan Garber said the encampment favors the voices of a few over the rights of many. Writing, those who participate in or perpetuate its continuation will be referred for involuntary leave from their schools.With finals underway, some Harvard students are fed up.ALEX BERNAT, STUDENT, HARVARD: They're disruptive to people studying, they are anti-symmetric on a visceral level. They're calling for Intifada. They're calling for the destruction of Israel in no uncertain terms.And quite frankly, it needs to go.LINE (voice over): The protesters calling themselves Harvard out of occupied Palestine have not been clear about their next steps.And nearby MIT, the institute told students to leave the encampment there by 2:30 p.m. or face academic or full suspension.President Sally Kornbluth, writing that the threat of outside interference and potential violence is real.And UCLA, more arrest today as students return to campus after last week's unrest.While law enforcement in tactical gear faced off with demonstrators at U.C. San Diego, and protesters remain in Washington D.C. Mark Meredith reports.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: The protests here at George Washington University remains ongoing. You can see the statue of George Washington remains covered up but the University says enough is enough. They want these tents to come down. They think this has gone on for far too long. And the university is now asking for D.C. police to step in.(END VIDEOTAPE)LINE (on camera): The tents have come down at Rutgers among several institutions that have cut deals with the protesters meeting some of their demands, Bret.BAIER: Molly Line at Harvard. Molly thanks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LT. GEN. KEITH KELLOGG (RET.), FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: When you're in the military, if you're in the army and you're in the infantry, (INAUDIBLE) you really don't want to fight is the city.They're going to be showing casualties, there is what's called collateral damage. It's just a fact of city fighting.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: There you have Keith Kellogg talking about the fighting inside Rafah that we believe is going to start soon as Israel's continues to move forward even those talks about ceasefire continue.Let's bring in Fox News Chief Political Analyst, Brit Hume. Brit, good evening. Your thoughts about where we are now between the U.S., Israel, Hamas?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, Bret, I think it's worth remembering that when Hamas carried out those hideous atrocities on October 7th, a ceasefire was supposedly in effect. So, one can imagine that to the Israelis, any ceasefire that Hamas agreed to may not be worth much.But Israel I think is in a position where it must at least pretend to go along with ceasefire talks, because it's facing to not always compatible objectives. One is to defeat Hamas militarily and eliminate the continuous threat of Hamas's military wing, which is about all there is Hamas now, I think.And the other is to try to get for the benefit of the Israeli families, worrying understandably terribly about where the hostages are, which families, which hostages may still be alive, if any at this point, we don't -- we know very little about that.So, they have to at least be going through the motions of talking about any deal that might involve return of the hostages. It is notable, of course, that what we know yet so far about the, you know, what Hamas has agreed to, there was no mention so far as we know of the hostages.So, Israel I think feels free at this moment at least to go forward with its military operation, which is has been reported as well underway.In the meantime, the Biden administration, of course, is supporting Israel's objective of venting to Hamas threat, at the same time that is rhetorically admonishing Israel not to finish the job.So, heaven knows what all that really means. But it's just one more headache for the Israeli government to deal with.BAIER: Yes, the headlines are pretty different. Biden speaks with Netanyahu as Israelis appear closer to Rafah offensive. Biden meets Jordan's King Abdullah amid no agreement over ceasefire proposal, ceasefire talks between Israel and Hamas again at an impasse over hostages. Here's John Kirby on the issue of hostages.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KIRBY: It's not like we sit down pie in the sky and say, hey, today's a good day, let's negotiate with terrorists. You got to negotiate with who you got to negotiate to get people back with their family.So, frankly, if there's a better idea to get those hostages home with their families, I think we'd love to hear them.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Do you think it's possible to negotiate a ceasefire that holds with Hamas, that however Israel gets to the negotiating table here, that Hamas is on the other side of the table can uphold what it agrees to?HUME: Well, he theoretically could but all experience we have suggested Hamas is not to be trusted on any level at any time.And I think, you know, that's a terrible dilemma if you're trying to get the hostages back because, you know, it's largely been militarily defeated. Its forces have been reduced. Its total network has been, to some extent, demolished, and Hamas is in a bad place.What it has going for it is the apparent possession of these hostages. And in the situation that Israel faces, they don't know how many hostages are left alive. They don't know where they are exactly. They suspected a lot of them in Rafah, but they don't know. So, it's a terribly hard situation for Israel to confront.And, you know, think back, Bret, I mean, the Biden administration has been discouraging the final piece of this military puzzle here for Israel for some time. If it had gone ahead, months ago, this might all be over with, it's even possible one can imagine that these campus protests would not have reached the critical mass that they seem to have reached if the -- if the fighting had been over and done with, there were going to be some civilian casualties, to be sure, and perhaps some hostage casualties, such as the realities of war. War, as the saying goes is indeed hell.BAIER: Brit, as always, thank you.Russia says it plans to hold drills simulating the use of battlefield nuclear weapons. An announcement coming amid rising tensions following comments by senior Western officials about the possibility of deeper involvement in the war in Ukraine.The Russian statement comes on the eve of President Vladimir Putin's inauguration to a fifth term in office.American soldier has been arrested in Russia accused of stealing. Two U.S. officials say the identified -- unidentified soldier was stationed in South Korea. He was in the process of returning home to the U.S., instead he traveled to Russia. He's charged with criminal misconduct.Up next, another threat of jail time for former President Donald Trump during his criminal trial. We'll take you there.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. The head of the United Nations atomic watchdog travels to Iran, where his agency faces increasing difficulty in monitoring the Islamic Republic's rapidly advancing nuclear program.Rafael Mariano Grossi already has warned Tehran has enough uranium enriched to near weapons grade levels to make several nuclear bombs.This is a live look at Mundaka, Spain. One of the big stores there tonight, Spain's Prado Museum confirms a painting that was supposed to be auctioned in Madrid in 2021 is in fact a previously lost work by Italian Baroque master Michelangelo Merisi the Caravaggio. Spanish authorities halted the auction in April of 2022. The painting will be unveiled to the public for the first time in the museum later this month.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Another fine for former President Donald Trump and another threat of jail time over the gag order in his criminal trial put on by the judge. That did not stop the presumptive Republican presidential nominee from talking again, following today's session.Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the state's Supreme Court in New York again tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: He's taken away my constitutional right to speak.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Today, Judge Juan Merchan, threatened to jail former President Donald Trump if he continues violating the courts gag order. Judge Merchan fined Trump another $1,000 for commenting on the jury. Adding, "If appropriate and warranted, future violations of its lawful orders will be punishable by incarceration."Trump says the gag order prevents him from answering questions while he campaigns for president, like in Miami over the weekend.TRUMP: Frankly, you know, what, our constitution is much more important than jail. It's not even close. I'll do that sacrifice any day. And this is really truly election interference and it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace.FOY: Today, on the witness stand, former Trump Organization controller Jeff McConney detailed payments made to Michael Cohen. Some coming from Trump's personal account. With checks signed by the former president himself at the White House.But prosecutors did not prove Trump intended to pay Cohen back for payments made to Stormy Daniels. McConney said he never spoke to Trump about the payments Cohen received. Trump maintains they all represent legitimate legal expenses.Former Trump Organization CFO Allen Weisselberg signed off on the payments to Cohen, a financial supervisor for the Trump Organization named Deborah Tarasoff testified about Weisselberg. "He had his hands in everything."(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): Tonight, the prosecution estimated that it's going to take about two more weeks for them to make their case which is longer than former President Donald Trump would like.While leaving court tonight, he said it's all an effort to keep him inside the courtroom and off the campaign trail. Bret.BAIER: Nate Foy outside the courthouse. Nate, thanks.Former President Trump is questioning the integrity of the way classified documents found at Mar-a-Lago in 2022 were handled by the FBI. His lawyers say in a court filing late this afternoon, they have concerns with how exactly the bureau organized the documents.Late last week, Special Counsel Jack Smith, indicated agents ran out of classified cover sheets using hand written cover sheets instead. The case is still on the calendar to begin May 20th. But the judge is expected any day to move it back. We'll follow that.There had been a -- there has been a new development in the challenge to the Speaker of the House.Georgia Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene, who is leading a move to replace speaker Mike Johnson had a long meeting with him this afternoon.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram has some details on that, live from Capitol Hill tonight. Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, Greene met with House Speaker Mike Johnson for nearly two hours. She is threatening to oust Johnson over how he has run the House. This is the second time since fall that the House has flirted with trying to remove a Speaker.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): We just had a very long discussion with Speaker Johnson. We'll be meeting with him again tomorrow based on the discussion that we had.(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Congressman --GREENE: And then, I'll have more information --I have been patient. I have been diligent. I have been steady, and I've been focused on the facts. And none of that has changed.PERGRAM (voice over): A senior House GOP leadership source tells Fox, they are trying to stave off Greene's motion. Johnson aims to work things out.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: How was your meeting with Congressman Greene?REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): It was good. We had a productive conversation. We're talking about some ideas. I think we can -- I think we can get everybody on the same page. So, I'm working on that. 0 UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Did you talk to President Trump today at all? Was he - - didn't call into that meeting?JOHNSON: I talked to him today, but he did not call into the meeting.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Now, Johnson told Fox, the maneuver to unseat him was, "not good" for the country, the conference, or the cause. Johnson was not even sure that Greene would pull the trigger today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Are you expecting this meeting with Ms. Greene to go well, and what else have you said to her at this stage?JOHNSON: I am not going to comment on it.PERGRAM: Are you expecting a vote here about your speakership later today?JOHNSON: I don't know. I just have to do my job every day.PERGRAM (voice over): Johnson is expected to survive the effort to take away his gavel. That's because Democratic leaders say they will vote to thwart Greene.It's a move endorsed by a former Speaker.PERGRAM: What does this say about the Speaker Johnson if he has to turn to the minority party to survive?REP. NANCY PELOSI, (D-CA): He doesn't have to turn to minorities. But the minority party is saying is we support the integrity of the House of Representatives, who will not let it be littered of behind nonsense.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM (on camera): Here is how a vote would go down: Greene would trigger her resolution to oust Johnson, but Johnson's allies would force the House to vote on killing Greene's plan. That's where the Democrats would intervene. Bret?BAIER: Chap Pergram, live on the Hill. Chad, thanks.Up next, who will former President Trump pick to be his running mate in November? We'll take a look at some of the contenders.And then, we talked with the president of the Committee for a Responsible Budget about a new Social Security and Medicare report out today.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Former President Trump is still keeping his thoughts about a November running mate to himself. Several of the top contenders, however, were in Florida this weekend for a major campaign event. Senior national correspondent Rich Edson takes a look at some of the possibilities.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)GOV. DOUG BURGUM, (R-ND) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I don't think there's a short list. I think there's a long list of great people that want to support President Trump.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS STATE DEPARTMENT CORRESPONDENT: And many, like North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum, met this weekend at the Republican National Committee's spring donor retreat in Palm Beach. Senators Marco Rubio, Tim Scott, and J.D. Vance, Governor Kristi Noem, and Representatives Elise Stefanik and Byron Donalds, also made the trip. Several have offered the types of answers most politicians give when asked about whether they are in the running for V.P.REP. ELISE STEFANIK, (R-NY) REPUBLICAN CONFERENCE CHAIR: There's a lot of names that are in the mix. I'm honored to have my names as one of them in the mix right now. But it is a true testament to the strength of the Republican Party.SEN. J.D. VANCE, (R-OH): I talked to President Trump a lot. We're very close. I've never spoken to him about being Vice President.SEN. MARCO RUBIO, (R-FL): The amount of talent that we have the in Republican Party is extraordinary.EDSON: Rubio could face a constitutional problem. Electors may not vote for both president and vice president from their own state, risking Florida's 30 electoral votes. As to whether he'd move.RUBIO: Leaving me aside for moment, I think that before anyone decides to move from their state, you better make sure you move to a state there's not some D.A. that makes a career after going after Republicans.EDSON: Noem is also addressing the controversies in her book, especially the revelation she shot a dog.GOV. KRISTI NOEM, (R) SOUTH DAKOTA: Joe Biden's dog has attacked 24 Secret Service people. So how many people is enough people to be attacked and dangerously hurt before you make a decision on a dog?EDSON: Noem also claims to have met North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un which is unlikely. Her publisher says they are removing that passage.(END VIDEO TAPE)EDSON (on camera): Trump has said he thinks he will announce his V.P. choice closer to the Republican convention in mid-July. A Republican strategist with ties to Trump says the retreat was more about raising money than V.P. auditions. The Trump campaign and RNC say they raised $76 million in April. Bret?BAIER: Rich, thank you.Optimism about a possible cut in the Federal Reserve's key interest rate fueled a positive day on Wall Street today. The Dow gained 177. The S&P 500 finished ahead 53. The Nasdaq jumped 193.Tonight, we take a look at a new report on Social Security and Medicare. Joining us in Maya MacGuineas president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. Maya, great to see you.MAYA MACGUINEAS, COMMITTEE FOR A RESPONSIBLE BUDGET: Great to see you.BAIER: This is the trustee's report on Social Security and Medicare. What's the bottom line headline of this report?MACGUINEAS: Yes, the bottom line, unfortunately, is the same bottom line that they have every year, which is that our two biggest government programs, Social Security and Medicare, the thing that seniors -- that matters to seniors the most, are both headed towards insolvency.BAIER: Now, A.P. led with they added a year to Social Security and two years to Medicare. That was the lead.MACGUINEAS: Yes. If you really scratch below the surface and look hard, you can find some good news, which is the economy is doing a little bit better, disability take-up is a little bit lower. But there is a big picture issue here that has been here not for years but decades. And that is we know the trust funds don't have enough money to pay the benefits that have been promised. And that means when they run out in less than a decade for Social Security, if you are newly retired in Social Security, I'm talking about when you are 71 years old, they there are going to be across the board benefit cuts of above 20 percent. That's terrible. I mean, it's really unimaginable that nobody is doing anything to fix these programs.BAIER: Yes. We have talked about this for years. And, at some point, we as a country have to turn the aircraft carrier of state a little bit to be able to deal with big entitlement programs. But both parties have avoided this. Here's the president and former president recently about this issue.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Many of my friends on the other side of the aisle want to put Social Security on the chopping block. If anyone here tries to cut Social Security or Medicare or raise the retirement age, I will stop you.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: You first of all, there is a lot you can do in terms of entitlements, in terms of cutting, and in terms of also the theft and the bad management of entitlements, tremendous bad management of entitlements. There's tremendous amounts of things, numbers of things you can do.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So when it comes to politics, there is a lot of demagoguing to both parties hitting each other, to the point where they don't even talk about it that much anymore.MACGUINEAS: It's getting worse and worse. So this is both parties trying to outdo each other with promises of what they will not do to fix the system. And that's the opposite of what they should be saying. First, it's dishonest to voters and particularly to seniors. And second, it's sort of government no longer functioning. And instead of saying, hey, we have a program that has overpromised because we are living longer. There is nothing that is bad about this situation. It reflects that we are living longer. But that means you have to make changes to the program. Politicians aren't willing to talk about anything hard because it's always a death match between the two parties.We need to be honest with people because the longer we wait, the more difficult those changes will be, particularly because nobody is going to touch benefits for existing seniors. They will be protected. So so much of this is going to fall on younger workers.BAIER: Right. So they will be protected is the key part.MACGUINEAS: Right.BAIER: But you can change other things.The president put out a statement saying he would deal with solvency for Medicare, for example, by asking the highest income Americans to pay their fair share without cutting benefits or privatizing Social Security. We've heard that system for how many years, Maya?MACGUINEAS: And that can be part of the solution. But guess what, if you're going to ask the richest Americans to pay their fair share to fix Social Security and Medicare to pay for all the new programs, whether it's day care or pre-k, to reduce the national debt, there is only so much can you do there.So again, there's all these fiscal myths out there. I promise not to do anything to fix Social Security or Medicare. I promise not to raise taxes or only raise taxes on very rich people. I promise not to cut spending. Those things don't live in the reality that we are in right now where our debt is near record levels, our major trust funds are headed towards insolvency. And if our political leaders don't do something about it, it's going to weaken both our economy and our national security.BAIER: Yes. It was only a few cycles ago we had candidates campaigning in front of a debt clock.MACGUINEAS: Yes.BAIER: But that time is not now.MACGUINEAS: Talking about what they would do to fix it. You don't hear that anymore.BAIER: Maya, we appreciate your time.MACGUINEAS: Thank you.BAIER: Thanks.Up next, the panel on the Hamas acceptance of the cease-fire deal and what that means, what Israel is saying about it.But first, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 29 in Philadelphia where a man who tried to shoot a pastor during a church service Sunday says he did it because God told him to. Bernard Polite attacked Reverend Glenn Germany during his sermon. The gun did not fire. He was tackled by a member of the congregation. Later, police found the body of a man who was shot in Polite's home. He was identified as a relative of the suspect.This is a live look at Cape Canaveral from FOX 35, our affiliate down there. One of the big stories down there tonight, a space launch double header with the countdown for tonight's scheduled launch of Boeing's Starliner rocket. The liftoff is scheduled for 10:34 p.m. eastern. A three- person crew is aboard. Boeing is hoping to demonstrate its readiness to fly long duration missions for NASA.Also, earlier this afternoon SpaceX, successfully launched nearly two dozen Starlink satellites to low earth orbit. There you go. A lot happening.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President, what was your message to Netanyahu?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The U.S. was potentially weighing withholding an arms shipment Israel. Is there any concern that Hamas was trying to capitalize on that public pressure and play a trick, as Israeli officials put it?JOHN KIRBY, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: I don't think there's any possible way I could answer that question unless I got between the ears of Mr. Sinwar, and that's a place I really don't want to be. I think that is a great question for him.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, Hamas apparently agreeing to a cease-fire, Israel saying it's not really a deal, but sending negotiators. Reuters writes it this way, "An Israeli official said no cease-fire had been agreed to in Gaza after Hamas said it had accepted a proposal from Egyptian and Qatari mediators over the Israeli-Gaza conflict. "This would appear to be a ruse intended to make Israel look like the side refusing a deal," said the Israeli official who spoke on the condition of anonymity." "Axios" had a story about that ammunition being held back by U.S., not confirming that, you heard from the White House. But here's what happens one senator said about the possibility.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. TOM COTTON, (R-AR): These reports are true about Joe Biden withholding ammunition from Israel. It may be the worst blunder yet of his administration around the world, maybe worse than the withdrawal from Afghanistan, because it does exactly send that signal to Hamas that they do not need to surrender, they do not need to release the hostages. They can count on Joe Biden to force Israel to capitulate as opposed to backing Israel to the hilt.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So with that, let's bring in our panel, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, former Republican National Committee communications director Douglas Heye, and Katie Pavlich, news editor at Townhall.com. OK, Katie, thoughts on where we are and what this means big picture?KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, the first thing is that there would not be an invasion into Rafah in Hamas were to unconditionally surrender and return all the hostages that they have been holding. There has been a lot of handwringing over the past couple months about whether they should go in. The administration urging full support of Israel but then pulling back. And then there's this report now of them taking back this ammunition shipping, which the former U.S. ambassador to Israel, David Friedman says is a mistake given the ammunition they were sending was actually very precise and would help them rid Rafah of Hamas, which 8,000 fighters are still there holding the hostages while also trying to preserve civilian life.The administration has changed their tune over the past couple of months because Joe Biden is trying to preserve his political future while Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu backed up unanimously by his war cabinet today is trying to preserve their country. So they can either deal with this problem now in Rafah or they can let Hamas stay and have another war in a year, two years, five years.And also, Egypt here has a lot to answer for, considering they have not opened their border. They share a border with Israel and with Gaza. And they haven't opened their borders, they haven't sent in humanitarian aid. And of course, this was complicated over the weekend by that strike on the new humanitarian crossing that killed four IDF soldiers.BAIER: Yes, Senator Bernie Sanders, Doug, tweets out today on Rafah and Israeli aid, "One million people have fled to Rafah. For months the U.S. has warned against an attack. Netanyahu ignored the warnings. Now an assault is imminent. It will kill countless civilians. President Biden must back his words with action. End all offensive military aid to Israel." So that's the push and pull here.DOUGLAS HEYE, FORMER REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: Yes, absolutely. And so much of what we see on this comes down to essentially partisan politics. Whether or not they support Israel in this is dependent on whether or not they liked Netanyahu from the get-go.And I think we still have more questions than answers here. What is, and this is sort of what Senator Sanders is referring to, what is the Biden policy on any given day? It seems to shift because the politics for him are very difficult for him both here and certainly abroad.The other questions that we have are, when we talk about the hostages, how many of them are alive? How many of them are well? We still don't have firm answers on that. It's part of the reason why Hamas doesn't want to really genuinely come to the table.BAIER: Here is Prime Minister Netanyahu this weekend.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: Eighty years ago in the Holocaust, the Jewish people were totally defenseless against those who sought our destruction. No nation came to our aid. Today, we again confront enemies bent on our destruction. If Israel is forced to stand alone, Israel will stand alone.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Juan?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Clearly Israel is not standing alone. I mean, the United States Congress, the Biden administration just sent $17 billion in addition to military supplies to Israel. Now they have delayed -- and I want to just emphasize that word "delayed", not stopped. Not that they are not sending it. They've delayed. Why did they delay? It was part of an effort to get Israel to go along with the negotiations.And what we have seen so far is that, in essence, the Biden administration wants to pick up on the Abraham Accords that were started by the Trump administration. What does that mean? It means bringing in the Saudis, the Jordanians, Qataris, Egypt into better relationship with Israel. Why? To separate and sort of segregate out Iran, to put Iran in a corner. That's the goal here.And I think one of the things that gets lost is that that's really what Israel would want. That's the greatest benefit to Israel is they would have security in their country. So that's what the phone call was about today, Biden saying to Netanyahu, look, global public opinion is not on your side right now. Why don't we go for a deal that would essentially isolate the Iranians?BAIER: Yes. The question is the hostages have been out of the talking points. You know, it hasn't -- we don't know exactly what's in this deal that Hamas apparently agreed to. But we are hearing that it's not hostage related.PAVLICH: You have John Kirby saying that there had been impasses as a result over the hostages. A couple of months ago you had Hamas saying we can't come up with 40 hostages who are alive to even negotiate in this situation. And again, if they would just turn them over, this would all be over. And that is something that the Biden administration should be pounding every single day to get them home. They have tried.But on the issue of the two-state solution that continues to be pushed and the normalizing between Saudi Arabia and Israel, people in Israel, especially the young people under 30, do not want a two-state solution after October 7th. And they certainly don't want one if Hamas is going to continue to be active in the Gaza Strip.WILLIAMS: But the United States, that's our policy. That's who we are. And I mean, they've got to have some idea of what we have after the fighting stops, don't we?PAVLICH: It's failed for 30 years, and they need something new. And clearly moving forward there will be different conversation about what that's going to look like.BAIER: All right, we will follow it all.Up next, the campus protests. We're going to check in on the Trump trial. Then the legend more than 100 years ago today started.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: The government just said that they want two to three more weeks. That means they want to keep me off the trail for two to three more weeks. Now, anybody in there would realize that there's no case. They don't have a case. Every legal scholar says they don't have a case. This is just a political witch hunt.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The former president speaking out again, even though the judge fined him $9,000 for violating a gag order. And then today had a very specific warning. He said, quote, "The last thing I want to do is put you in jail," Judge Juan Merchan said. "You are the former president of the United States, possibly the next president as well. There are many reasons why incarceration is truly a last resort for me. To take that step would be disruptive to these proceedings." But essentially, Judge Merchan said I will.We're back with the panel. Doug, what about this, the state of this case? We're eventually going to hear from Michael Cohen in this case, and his -- obviously he comes under a lot of scrutiny as a witness. The former president said there's no case here. Others say there is.HEYE: Look, clearly the judge is saying don't make me do this thing that I don't want to do. But the reality is that threat is still there. And as long as Trump is out there saying, not that the trial is a sham or larger things like that, but targeting specific staff members at the court, it's a very real possibility that could happen. How this resets things for the campaign or doesn't, I don't think anybody is really smart enough to tell you, except they will tell you it's great for their side, which means you can immediately discount it.This is going to go on for several more weeks. It's not beneficial for Trump unless there's a game-changing in this or an exoneration, and that's what we still have to wait to see.BAIER: Katie?PAVLICH: Well, he has a right to a speedy trial. And when he comes out and says the government wants two or three more weeks and that takes him off the campaign trail, he has a point. When you have reporting from "The New York Times" saying that the crime under scrutiny here is falsifying business records, and yet, that is not what we have heard a single thing about. We've heard a lot of salacious material. We've heard a lot of trying to imply that they there are crimes that have been committed that aren't actually the things he has been charged with.So he's very frustrated. He is also essentially goading the judge into potentially putting him in jail, which is a legal strategy to try and get this case kicked up to the federal level, which would then delay this even further, but he would be able to get out of the courtroom. So we'll see where it goes tomorrow. Unprecedented times.BAIER: Day 13. Juan, how do you think it plays politically?WILLIAMS: Politically, look, if he gets acquitted, well, then that plays good for him. But if he is, in fact, convicted, that's not good. I think that's the one not good thing. And I think if he has to testify, and what we have seen the last few days, Hope Hicks and the accountants who appeared today, is they are trying to tie the former president directly to these documents, to the falsification of these records. And if he has to testify and it puts him in the position where he has to say, oh, I didn't have sex with these women, oh, I didn't sign these checks. Well, that's perjury. And that, again, raises the stakes. That's a different issue, I think, even for Trump supporters.BAIER: I want to turn back to the campus chaos, which has continued, Doug, and we see these protests continuing. Now we see more graduation ceremonies being canceled. And even "Saturday Night Live" mentioning that in their opening monologue. What about it?HEYE: Not everywhere is a disaster. Last Thursday I was on my alma mater's campus, the University of North Carolina, where we saw some of these protests. And what we saw is the interim chancellor Lee Roberts came in and said here is very specifically what the parameters are, what is permissible and what's not. And he fixed that situation, which also tells us there are a lot of weak-willed chancellors of presidents of universities who are unwilling to do anything, or local politicians in the case of Mayor Bowser in Washington, D.C., where the president of George Washington is saying we need your police, we need your help, and they are not getting it. This threatens current activities, classes and exams, and so forth, and then, obviously, graduations.BAIER: And the question is whether it's going to continue and for how long. Each school is handling differently.Panel, as always, thank you.All right, finally tonight, today's throwback.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Going, going, it's gone. The greatest homerun hitter of all time, Babe Ruth, made this inimitable homerun trot around the bases 714 times.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And 109 years ago today Babe Ruth hit the first of those 714 homeruns. New York Yankees hosting Ruth's Boston Red Sox at the Polo Grounds in Manhattan. Ruth stepped up to the plate in the third inning, smacked the ball into the right field stands. That record of 714 home runs would stand until 1974 when Hank Aaron hit number 715. Aaron's record of 755 was broken by Barry Bonds in 2007. There you go.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, we'll have an exclusive interview with Pennsylvania Democratic Senator John Fetterman about the college protests, some other big issues where he has bucked his party. He'll be here on set live.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.