JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: America and the Russians, formerly the Soviet Union, they have always had excellent cooperation in space. I was a kid. I came out to Cape Canaveral. And watch them on.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Those are the days. Those are the days.SERRIE: The Apollo-ing (ph) of the Apollo-Soyuz mission.CAVUTO: Thank you, my friend.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro along with Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters, Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Operation Old Man is a go. The White House is still cooking up new ways to hide or minimize President Joe Biden's advanced 81-year-old age, but it appears to be backfiring as Americans give another scathing assessment of his fitness for office.According to the latest survey, an overwhelming 81 percent say Joe Biden is too old for another term. We already know how his staff gives Joe the shorter staircase for him to board Air Force One, how they deploy an army of aides to hide his shuffling. And who can forget how they lace up the president in anti-slip sneakers as a way to prevent embarrassing falls.And now team Biden is admitting that they police how many words the man can say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The campaign is looking to shorten its speeches. Biden's general election strategy is less is more. The president's aides are seeking to tighten his pitch to voters with shorter, crisper speeches.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Our campaign believes in quality over quantity. We believe that these touches, these smaller things that are getting directly to the point about what is going on in the stakes of this election are going to be easier for voters to tap into.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Joe's old press secretary Jen Psaki says Biden should actually shun more traditional media interviews and have his ego stroked by media sycophants like Howard Stern.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What would your advice be to the White House in terms of his accessibility to press?JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: My view is he should come on "The View" before he does a press conference.JOY BEHAR, ABC NEWS HOST: Thank you.PSAKI: Because he should, because people want to have real conversations about issues that are happening. I think press conferences are important but I also think him doing Howard Stern, that's the interview that reached a broader audience of people. Him talking to the guys from SmartLess, which is a great podcast.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But the Trump campaign thinks the more Trump, the better. The former president revving up supporters that this year's Formula One Miami Grand Prix.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: USA. USA. USA. USA.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, Jesse, I'll start with you. Isn't Joe Biden's campaign admitting that Joe Biden is incapable of campaigning the way a president should?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, I mean, the Democrats have gagged both candidates. They won't let Trump talk because he tells the truth. They won't let Biden talk because he tells the stories about his uncle being eaten by cannibals.This works they think because in COVID it made Biden look safe, and it made Trump look reckless. And it made the whole election more of a referendum on Trump and not a choice.But when you're president, you can't be kept away from crowds. You can't be kept to six-minute scripted speeches to the camera, you're just going to look like a brittle detached king afraid to face his subjects.So, Trump goes out to Formula One, that takes courage, takes confidence. It takes a certain level of energy and relatability.And if Joe Biden went there, the risk would be too high. He could trip, he could get booed, he couldn't hear a thing.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: And if you asked me in terms of voters being able to tap into something, I think it's more effective to see someone being able to work a crowd, or a crowd worker guy than to just read something off of a script that a consultant wrote for you and then leave.The American people see Donald Trump running for president and Joe Biden running scared. He's not even in control of his own campaign. He wants to talk. He wants to talk all day, and they won't let him.He's not even allowed to walk where he's supposed to walk. Trump can walk wherever he wants, can say whatever he wants. Joe Biden can't do either. And now you realize why he's down in the polls. It's because everybody is realizing that Trump is more appealing, and he's eating away at Joe Biden's base. He's now ahead in both the 538 battlegrounds and the Real Clear Politics, Harold.PIRRO: OK, Harold, I'll go to you now.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Good to be back. He got out of the gates like Mr. Dan did. He keep firing out of the gates here at the start of it. I'll let you ask the question.PIRRO: Well, really, I mean, if you think about it, if Joe Biden gets reelected, how is he going to run this country in the next four years if he can barely make it through this year?FORD JR.: I'm sure he'll figure it out. But I'd say this, Jesse pointed out a lot of numbers. And the last numbers are out about the polling data from Real Clear Politics. I think you said 538.I was on another show this morning with one of the co-hosts of this show her 9:00 a.m. show. And I was paired up against Guy Benson and made the point that President Trump is ahead in some of these polls. But when you look at likely voters, President Biden is ahead by I think three or four points nationally.But the other thing was a national poll also. So, what -- I think a couple things, this race will be decided according to Axios by six percent of voters in Pennsylvania, which is not to say the Commonwealth, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Georgia and Arizona, billions of dollars will be spent trying to persuade those people, that small group of voters, which is the case in just about every election.And I think what it really points to is the only certainty in this election right now is the uncertainty of the outcome. I don't differ with your numbers and your sense. And you certainly have a theory of the case about the race.I think this thing is tight, it will remain tight. And I think one of the things and we talked about it this morning, will be and I'll be curious to hear the reaction around the table is when the trial gets over here. And I think when that'll be over sooner rather than later, and thus far, I'm not seeing anything that would suggest former President Trump would be convicted.But when that is over with, I think the calls for debate between these two candidates will only increase in whichever candidate is refusing to or seems reluctant or is demurring about debating. I think he will face some polling data that shows that people want to see the both of them engage.And I've said those three dates, which I think are important, Memorial Day, Fourth of July, Labor Day, but even before that, if they don't get us a calendar for when they will stand on a stage together and debate the serious issues confronting the country and what they would do to your point, Judge, over the next four years. This is the first time we've had two guys running who had been president in contemporary times, I think will be a decider in this race in a lot of ways and whomever says they don't want to debate will be at a disadvantage in the minds of voters and those six states that are most critical.PIRRO: You know, Dana, the Trump is beating Biden in virtually every category -- in every category, immigration, the economy, crime, foreign policy, and yet, his team thinks the way to handle that is for him to talk less.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Their polling must be so bad. I mean, can you imagine that they -- you can't tell me that they wouldn't prefer to have the option to send Joe Biden to the Formula One race to get cheered. That's just not realistic.I think Jen Psaki is giving them some pretty good advice. I mean, like when you have not much -- in the cards you have to play are the ones that they have, then, yes, you should go on Howard Stern in the SmartLess podcast and call it a day and just hope that the basement strategy can go through.But a couple of other things is that you have all of these people that support Joe Biden saying he should do something else. So, we've heard lots of different ideas for him. I'm guilty of it. I tried to give ideas to the T.V. for everybody on communications.But Ro Khanna the congressman from California said, I think Joe Biden should go to the colleges where there are protests and give a speech and I thought, under the genocide Joe flag? I don't know if that's going to work.And also, what about Kamala Harris? She was on a big college tour. What was her purpose? To talk about abortion. I don't think she's -- she was a former prosecutor. Does she not want to talk about college campus issues? Does she -- is she unable now to go and talk about abortion on college campus because they're going to be called genocide? Joe? There's a lot of things like that.The other thing is, I'll end with this. You mentioned like debates, right? Imagine the scenario that they want Biden to talk so little, that they figured out an excuse and they believe that it's OK for them to say they're not going to bait to debate Trump and they're going to move on.What if RFK Jr says, I'll debate Trump, and now you have the network saying, well, we got to have a presidential debate. And if RFK Jr. is on the ballot in the several battleground states, he could make the difference for the election. Imagine that. You have RFK Jr. and Trump in a debate. And Biden's kicking it in Wilmington.PIRRO: You know what, Greg? That's fascinating. What's your take on it?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, you know what I think it's sad when your supporters want to see you less. I mean, if I -- if I really liked something, I don't -- I don't prefer to have it hidden unless it's a really bizarre fetish.But his handlers -- his handlers say the reason is they want quality over quantity with Joe and it's like, how do you choose that with Joe? I mean, how do you choose quantity over quality with the -- when the substance itself is crap? Less isn't more with poop, it's still poop. And I'm sure when Trump showed up with Formula One, the media accused him of being all about race.But, you know, I want to mention the polls too. You know, Trump is leading in inflation, crime, border, foreign policy, these are all things that are measurable.Biden has an edge in the unquantifiable, which is the personality hence, the trials, which the media can shape a narrative over, minus the numbers. But what can't be -- what can be measured by the population by your ears, and your eyes is function.You know, it's like pornography, you know, when you see it, and the more opportunity there is to see it with Biden, the worse it gets, which is why they're trying to localize it like mold in a basement. It reminds me of me when I played little league, you know, the more options I had to participate in the game, the worse it was for my team.So, they had me play one inning and right field, and then I could pinch run for the fat kid. That was it. They kept me out of the action, but they wanted me to feel included in all of this, which made me feel good.Meanwhile, Trump is out there, right? Even when they're trying to hold him back. He's out there. He's the most transparent candidate on Earth, the reverse of everything that Dems have been saying, in fact, it's the Dems who are now functioning under this veil, this lack of transparency, and it's why -- I think it's why Trump was able to tell you everything about how stuff works. He can't be behind the scenes, he is the scene.Meanwhile, Biden has to hibernate. And it's just the irony of saying how secretive and false Trump is, but Trump put himself in a glass cage. He can't hide anything. He accepted that role. He embraced it. Biden got the role and he's running as you say.WATTERS: I want to hear more about you in right field.PERINO: I want to know what they call your league now.GUTFELD: Well, that's true. What do they call a little league?PERINO: I don't know.FORD JR.: Lil league.GUTFELD: Oh, really?(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: Yes, coming up, pro-Hamas morons are now ruining graduation ceremonies, and Biden donors might be funding them.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The serious and dramatic development in the war between Israel and Hamas, the terror group agreeing to a so-called ceasefire proposal, which made no mention of the 132 hostages held captive for the past seven months.Israel says they're examining the plan but says it differs from an earlier framework, and one Israeli official warns it could be a deception by the terrorist organization.If it falls apart, you can bet those pro-Hamas anarchists will use it to inflame the situation even more. The agitators projecting the words genocide Joe onto the American flag at the George Washington University Gaza encampment. Columbia University will cancel its university wide graduation ceremony after the chaotic protests there.And pro-Palestinian protesters tried to disrupt the University of Michigan commencement, but it looks like the other graduates didn't take their crap.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Arbor, arbor you can't hide, you are funding genocide.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Meanwhile, all roads lead back to Joe Biden. Politico is reporting that the "pro-Palestinian protesters are backed by a surprising source. Biden's biggest donors." Judge Jeanine?PIRRO: Well, I want to talk about this supposed ceasefire that was negotiated in Egypt or in Qatar and Hamas has agreed to a ceasefire. But the problem is Hamas was negotiating with itself because Israel wasn't involved.The truth is the craziest part of all this is that Hamas broke a ceasefire on October 7th at a time when Israel was not in Gaza as they are now.So, the whole idea of a ceasefire, the whole thing is bizarre. You know, everything from Israel not being a part of this so-called ceasefire, but from October 8th, on forward -- forward -- and forward, the United States and most of the world has been telling Israel you cannot prosecute this war the way everyone else has prosecuted a war, the way we prosecuted the war after Pearl Harbor and how many hundreds of thousands of Japanese did we kill and how many hundreds of thousands of Germans had we kill with the allied forces?All of a sudden, the hundreds of thousands in Afghanistan and Iraq, all of a sudden Israel is told how you got to prosecute a war.So, and the fact that you can even talk about a ceasefire without talking about hostages 138 or how about the five American hostages? And yet, Joe Biden does everything he can to make sure that the ammo and the armaments that are supposed to go there have either been canceled or are being held back.So, you know, if the whole point is to make it look like Israel is going to attack the Palestinians. I mean, the truth is that Israel has done more than any other country, they stopped the war. They bring in the medics, they bring in the food, they bring in the water. And they tell them when where they're going to fight. And yet, the Arab nation won't take care of the Palestinians. They won't take them.And Queen Raffia (ph) from Jordan whose husband is King Abdullah is on -- I don't know if it was "Face The Nation", one of the Sunday shows and she's - - she supports the Americans who are disrupting on college campuses, saying yes, you know, it's about time that the American stood up for the Palestinians. You sleep with your husband, he's the king, you bring the Palestinians to Georgia -- to Jordan.And finally, this ceasefire is all about delay. That's all it is. Right now, Hamas has four brigades in raffia (ph). OK, Hamas has just killed three IDF soldiers in a humanitarian zone.And then, you know, we're tired. I personally am tired of everyone trying to stop Israel from prosecuting the war, where Hamas came in and killed a thousand Israelis, didn't kill them, they massacred them.WATTERS: Harold Ford Jr. They're going crazy over there, your alma mater, University of Michigan.FORD JR.: They seem to have a little energy up there around this. I am a believer that I agree with what the Judge has said. I think when you think about the college campuses, I think the person who has really imparted the right message and I hope becomes a symbol for these things. The president of the University of Florida, Ben Sasse, he was the former senator from Nebraska.He laid it out like I think a lot of us have tried to lay out on this set, in other shows that we support freedom of speech, we support freedom of assembly and protests.But as soon as you cross that line, as soon as you believe that vandalism, intimidation or violence are protected by free speech, you will be arrested and or suspended and then expelled from school. That should have been the position taken by everyone from the outset.But we can't look back. We got to look forward, presidents around the country, look to Sasse, follow what he's doing, to ensure that kids can get a graduation. But more importantly, get an education, and as a part of the education understand what critical thinking is, understand what critical debate is. Critical debate is not I'm right, you're wrong, and I'm going to be violent against you because you don't believe I'm right. Critical debate and critical thought is having a meaningful, robust, serious conversation and respecting one another.Dr. King did that, always people -- I have said this, if I just can't -- it's hard for me to accept. These people argue that this is a tradition of protest. There is but not this. There's no tradition of successful protests that succeeded with the kind of violence and intimidation that we're seeing on campuses today. All of those -- all of those efforts failed.WATTERS: Greg, why do you think Columbia canceled graduation?GUTFELD: Oh, because they're weak. But I have a -- I have a slogan, don't be an ass, follow Sasse.By the way, Harold, you have you're suffering from a serious case of dad brain. And it's so good to see. Because what you're saying is what we're -- what we're going through right now is internet brain. This is all of these kids. Their brains have been taken over by garbage that has been solidified by activists on the internet.And this healthy trend. You're seeing dad brain come up. It's like -- it's like when the kids go, I'm going to take a tent and I'm going to put it on the campus quad, dad brain says no, we pay you seven -- we pay 70 grand, you're going home and you're going to study.The dad brain is very patient. And up to a point, right, and that you could see it emerge. You could see it emerge, it's like, the internet amplifies these global issues. So they make you feel important but also helpless.So, you worry about climate change, you worry about the Middle East, you worry about global inequality. You can't do crap for it, but it makes you feel really good.But then dad brain comes over and says enough with Hamas, pay your phone bill, you know? Because that's going to help you. You're not doing anything there. It's like you know what? We should really eat insects to help the planet. You know what you should think about? It's Mother's Day coming up. Did you get your mom a card? Are you going to go to brunch with her? You know, that's what -- the brain -- what dad brain is doing and you're seeing with these college presidents is they're localizing the concerns of the students.They're saying, look, the world out there that's going to exist. We're talking about right here, clean your room. You know, take your car to a car wash, look for a summer job, locally -- like, as long as you sit there and transplant all your concerns to something else like this, your entire life suffers. This is why a lot of these protesters had such terrible relationships with their families. It's because they prioritize these amorphous issues, because that makes them feel better. But it also makes them feel hopeless.And the dad brain through the Sasses in Florida and elsewhere, there's another guy that's really good. I can't think of his name, might be Harold Ford. But they are stepping up and they're saying, OK, we're going to take care of this now. We've -- you put on your little show. But family -- we're going to -- we're going to we're going to dinner at Applebee's, put on your clothes.WATTERS: We're going to have a dad with a dead brain on "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" tonight, very upset about his daughter's graduation being canceled.PERINO: Well, even "Saturday Night Live" isn't on it, right? The cold open was about a dad who said I didn't work all these extra jobs to go through the COVID years to get my daughter to Columbia so that I can't go to graduation with her.And if "Saturday Night Live" is doing that as a cold open, you know that it has penetrated. This is an 80-20 issue, meaning that 80 percent of Americans want to support Israel.So, I don't see why it's hard for Biden to get on that. He'll say I do support Israel. But how can it be that the night before Holocaust Remembrance Day, which is today and we do remember, they are going to have a story out there that says that the Biden team has decided not to send weapons that Congress has appropriated to Israel. They don't say why, the White House declined to comment. DOD declines to comment. National Security Council declined to comment. Israel declined to comment. What does that tell me? Something's happening and why? I thought you got impeached for something like that.And the other thing I would point out is that the only way for this war to end is for Israel to win it. So, if you want this to end, if you want the suffering of the people in Gaza to end, if Queen Raffia (sp?) wants their country not to have -- Jordan is made up of 80 percent Palestinian.PIRRO: That's right.PERINO: Right? So, if you want the Palestinian people to have a brighter future, then you should say free Palestine from Hamas and get this done. Get the bad guys out of the tunnels, get the hostages returned and remember the Holocaust and do -- never forget and actually mean it.WATTERS: So, Biden needs to use his dad brain to get it together?PERINO: Yes, dad brain would work beautifully.GUTFELD: He need to have a brain.FORD JR.: I was really surprised that the Queen this weekend on that show. I thought -- I could have understood her saying we support peaceful protests, but she didn't distinguish.PERINO: No.FORD JR.: And that was -- that was -- that was -- that was no noteworthy.WATTERS: I would have been surprised to if I'd watched the Sunday shows also.Ahead, Trump's not afraid to go to jail after the judge makes his latest threat.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: The judge in Trump's hush money trial making the most dramatic warning yet to jail the former president as day 12 of the trial wraps. This morning, Judge Merchan holding Trump in contempt of court for violating the gag order for the 10th time and imposing a $1,000 fine. The judge then bluntly said this. "The last thing I want to consider is jail. You are a former president and possibly the next one."Trump reacting to that while outside the court.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: this judge is giving me a gag order and said you'll go to jail if you violate it. And frankly, you know what, our Constitution is much more important than jail. It's not even close. I'll do that sacrifice any day.This is a real threat to our country and it's a serious threat to the Constitution. The most important day in the history of our country is going to be November 5th of this year. That's called election day. God bless the USA.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And then he turned around. Judge, what do you think of this this morning?PIRRO: You know, when I heard the judge say that, I said to myself, that's very interesting. He'll never do it. And then when I heard Donald Trump say go for it, buddy, I thought to myself the judge is in a pickle right now because he drew a red line, he either follows it or he doesn't. He's either going to be a Joe Biden or Obama and you know, the red line comes and goes and doesn't do anything about it.But this is what I think would happen. He would probably want to do something that would somehow confine former President Trump, maybe to his house as opposed to jail. If President Trump goes to Rikers, I'm telling you right now, every felon in there is going to try to get a ballot and vote for him because Donald Trump will go in there and I think impress them because he really is a kind of guy you like and people respond to.But in the end, look, there is no case here. There is no crime here. This is about the abuse of process. And they haven't touched him. This whole trial, from everybody, David Pecker, Davidson the lawyer, Hope Hicks, this guy McConney today, nobody has connected anything to do with Donald Trump. And it's almost pathetic at this point.And he is -- I think what President Trump was saying there is go for it, buddy. The Constitution is more important. You're going to prove to the country and the world that you are at turning this place into a third-world country and a kangaroo court. Do it and you will pay the price.And by the way, the last thing I want to say is the only thing that's proven beyond a reasonable doubt is that everybody hates Michael Cohen.PERINO: That's for sure. Greg, I have a message for the Democrats.GUTFELD: What?PERINO: No judge is coming to save them. Like, even if that were to happen, it's not going to save them from a tough election in November.GUTFELD: No. And every time they try to do something to Trump, it just helps him. It reminds me of that cliched scene in every action movie where the hero is tied to a chair in a gritty warehouse, taunted by an armed and lethal enemy. And what does a hero do after getting pistol-whipped? He smiles and he spits blood back in the enemy's face.So, in that story that I told, who is the hero and who is the abusing enemy? Even if you don't like Trump, you know who the hero is in this and it's Trump. And I think the judge just mildly endorsed him by saying possibly the next president. I think he did.PIRRO: That's right.GUTFELD: I hope they do arrest Trump. I hope they put him in jail because that does guarantee that he wins. Please, please, please. This is becoming the greatest third act of any political story perhaps moving. And by the way, there's this unintentional benefit. I think that America is reaping benefits by shunting all of the Trump derangement people into this small patch called the courtroom drama. It keeps them busy. What's going on? So, they're not on the street harassing people in red hats or doxing people. They're just, ah, what's going on? So, it keeps them busy. This is their little shiny toy.Meanwhile, and I've said it a million times, I want to say it again, it's focusing and sharpening Trump. He comes out of the gate like a Bronco ready to just roar. And it's working. I mean, man, it's like he's up.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Keep it going.PERINO: Should he keep it going?WATTERS: Well, he kept it going after court today. He said the judge was a disaster who hates me and wants to extend the trial to keep me off the campaign trail. And then he called Alvin Bragg a disgrace who only brought the case because he was winning in the polls.So, I think he's going to go to jail, directly to jail without passcode, not collect $200. But the stories from jail are going to be amazing.PIRRO: Oh, yes.WATTERS: I saw a cockroach bigger than Rosie O'Donnell. I used my one phone call to call Melania to ask for a conjugal visit. I mean, it's going to be great. But inside the court was a disaster for the prosecution. They put on one of the executives from the Trump Organization who said that I was the one that created the structure, the timing of these payments. Trump had no idea about the payments. I was the one, the executive said, who said it should be called legal expense. Trump had nothing to do with it and said that they' do these things all the time because bad news is bad for business, and he's a businessman.And then when you add that to Pecker's testimony who said yes, we've been doing this for Trump since before he was a candidate, that just sets up that this has nothing to do with politics.PIRRO: And you add it to Hope Hicks who said he didn't want Melania to know.PERINO: Right.WATTERS: Case closed.PERINO: Howard -- Harold?FORD JR.: So, here here's my issue and concern. First, it seems like the -- this is not an issue or concern but just a frame. He's winning it appears - - I'm not on a jury but it appears that he is -- that no argument is being made persuasively or beyond a reasonable doubt that President Trump was a part of an effort to make a payment to somebody. And until you prove that, you can't -- then you have to show that's inferred on some other crime.What strikes me, the judge and the former prosecutor, Madam Pirro here, that if you were the defendant you should just shut up and let the trial go on and be acquitted. Now, the second part of this is we have three branches of government and it's the most unique form of government in the world. It's the best form of govern in the world because the three words that describe our system is checks and balances, the legislative, the judicial, and executive. No branch is more important than the other, and each has a unique responsibility.So, I'm torn, Judge, when I think about what this judge is doing -- you can agree with the judge or not, but he represents the court in this matter. You can say the thing should never been brought and all those -- brought, and you may be right or may not be right, but this judge now has a responsibility. And whomever the defendant is, if the defendant repeatedly defies what the court says, then you are basically saying that that branch of government, the judicial branch is toothless.I don't want to see President Trump go to jail for this purpose -- for violating a gag order. And for the life of me, I can't understand why he would challenge that. Now, the third part happens. If indeed he violates the gag order more, the rules of the court, our system of governance, our system of government, does he send the president to jail? I think the -- I think the judge showed an awareness of what's happening here. I thought -- I thought his point, Greg, about he could be president -- he's a former president all the true, and he could be president is true, but why challenge that?If you're winning this case -- even if you were not winning this case, don't challenge -- hear me out for one sec, Judge. I just don't believe you put a judge who is telling you I don't want to do this, but you're giving me no choice. Now, you -- some are saying, well, he shouldn't be in court. The charges should never been brought. All that may be true. But this judge has a job to do, and he represents your judicial branch, a three -- one of the three branches in our form of governance, and one of three that makes up the checks and balances.So, I hope the -- former President Trump does not -- does not -- is not sent to jail, but if he violates what this judge says again, he should be.PIRRO: Here's the problem. You said earlier he should just shut up and be acquitted. The problem is the man is also running for president. So, it's not just about those 12 people on the jury, it's about the fact that he's missing out on the opportunity to go out and campaign.And let me just finish one more thing.FORD JR.: Sure.PIRRO: And the gag order, he is not gagged from saying anything about Bragg. And the judge made it very clear that he has the right to criticize Bragg.FORD JR.: I didn't say Bragg. I said the court.PIRRO: And the court as well, he can do that.FORD JR.: No, no, if you look at -- I read it -- maybe we read it differently. But my only point is, why not just comply with the order --PIRRO: Because --FORD JR.: -- and go forward? That's only my point. Don't put the -- don't put the judge of the court in this position.PERINO: Now, day 13 starts tomorrow. We'll have it at on "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM" when the president usually speaks to cameras.And up next, the Trump Veep Stakes is ramping up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: The Trump Veep staking -- stakes kicking in the high gear. Get it together, Greg. The Don gathering a group of potential V.P. choices to a donor event at Mar-a-Lago including Senators J.D. Vance, Marco Rubio, Tim Scott, Elise Stefanik, Byron McDonalds, Governor Doug Burgum, and Kristi Noem. Although some say she's barking up the wrong tree after her dog- killing boast.Jesse, so, Governor Noem is going to be on your show tonight. Are you going to roll over and play dead?WATTERS: No. Tonight, we will have her on at the top and my favorite is what Trump said about Byron Donalds.GUTFELD: What?WATTERS: He goes, I like diversity, as they say, diversity.GUTFELD: Is that what he said?WATTERS: Yes, he goes it's not diversity. We need a little diversity. That's what we're calling an African-American on the ticket now, diversity.FORD JR.: Be careful.WATTERS: That's -- he said it.GUTFELD: Is that all you're going to say?WATTERS: Well, I mean, also what he said about Mike Lee was pretty hilarious. He goes, I love your haircut. Now, if anybody seen Mike Lee's haircut --PERINO: It's not great.PIRRO: HE doesn't have --PERINO: It's not great. It's not a great haircut.WATTERS: Or Doug Burgum, he's very rich.GUTFELD: Is this -- was this a -- Dana, a serious kind of event? I mean, there were so many there. You know --PERINO: I don't know. I mean, they've got to figure out a way to have campaign events and to pull people together. And the RNC is still going through some growing pains and figuring out how they're going to get through the month.GUTFELD: No Vivek.PERINO: I thought that he was there.GUTFELD: Was Vivek there.PERINO: I think he was there actually, I believe.GUTFELD: Oh, he's behind Trump. There he is.PERINO: I just -- I believe on -- like, on the Kristi Noem thing, I think that political communicators will study this episode for years to come. There's a lot of material there.GUTFELD: Yes, what do you think, Judge?PIRRO: I'll tell you. I'm going to spend all my time on Kristi Noem, OK, because no dog, no goat, no animal is safe with that woman. And they say -- Babylon Beast said that they were bringing her to the Kentucky Derby in case a horse needed to be put down. But look, when she puts in her book, I met with North Korean Kim Jong -- dictator Kim Jong-un and I'm sure he underestimated me, I got to tell you, first of all, she never met with Kim Jong-un and I think the woman is delusional. I mean, it's just scary. I can't -- you better have a straight talk with that woman tonight.WATTERS: We'll straighten her out for sure.GUTFELD: There you go, Harold. Any thoughts behind that beautiful head of yours?WATTERS: What is coming on to you?FORD JR.: I got the answer to -- I got the -- our answer to the matter where we were talking about in Alaska in the break.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: The -- I listen to some of the -- some of the some of the V.P. candidates in Mr. Trump's mind on some of the Sunday shows. And I would have handled it a little differently than some of them. I would have talked a lot more about the policies of the president's last administration, the things they want to do on the economy. I think they got caught up in things that they shouldn't have.And I will say, the Marco Rubio who I think brings some strength on the foreign policy matters, I think Doug Burgum obviously on economic policy, then of course Tim Scott who has run the race and has been out and has got some fitness for this. I think he's got some choices that that hopefully line up with what he wants to do, President Trump that is.GUTFELD: I mean, all kidding aside, when you look at the range of people there, there are some really strong people of substance that could be VPs or Ps, unlike what you could see on the Dems, man. There's not a single Kamala in that bunch. Well, I don't know, but --FORD JR.: You never know.GUTFELD: Yes, you never know.All right, ahead, Luke Skywalker sucks up to Joe Bi-Wan Kenobi.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Yes.FORD JR.: Legendary Star Wars actor Mark Hamill dropping by the White House briefing room to commemorate Star Wars Day and praise Joe Bi-Wan Kenobi.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARK HAMILL, ACTOR: I said, can I call you Joe Bi-Wan Kenobi? And he liked that.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: May the fourth be with you.HAMILL: Always.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: So, Judge you seem to have a particular -- I know you're a big Star Wars fan. Did you did you recognize Mark Hamill when he was at the White House today?PIRRO: No. But I'm surprised Joe Biden didn't say Luke, Luke, I'm your father, you know. And also, you know, I'm not surprised that Biden picked this since he's from a galaxy very far away himself.FORD JR.: Primetime, are you covering this tonight?WATTERS: Yes. I mean, he hasn't aged well. He looks like Chewbacca if you ask me. And the thing with Trump is he was the star. He didn't need to bring in stars to make the president look better. Mark Hamill, what is he now, a B-list, C-list, not a good look.FORD JR.: D.P.?PERINO: At least he didn't say the president has been very clear, so we got a break of that for about 10 seconds.FORD JR.: Is he coming on "GUTFELD" tonight, Mr. Gutfeld?GUTFELD: No, no. You know, of all the Hamills, you had to choose Mark. What about Dorothy? He looks like he's one of those people that's interviewed on like Forensic Files. You know, he's the guy that was next door. I know we used to go to the casino together. And he didn't show up so I walked inside. That's my bloody footprint.And you know, you wear the bright tie against the dark shirt. You know you got money, dude. You're the worst dresser. You know, it's just -- you know what -- and it's so condescending to the Press Corp. You know what it is? It's like show and tell. You know, hey, I know what'll brighten up these kids day. Let's get the local firemen to come over and tell them what it's like to put out a fire. Hey let's bring up this washed-up actor who probably hasn't washed up in a while.PIRRO: He looks it.PERINO: It's like when a teacher brought -- rolled in the television so you could watch a movie instead of doing social studies.GUTFELD: Exactly. That guy --WATTERS: He's the best.GUTFELD: Yes.FORD JR.: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg?GUTFELD: All right, we got a great show. Guy Benson, Jimmy Failla, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. Let's do this. Greg's What The Heck Is That? All right, let's show everybody this adorable creature. And can you guess what this little monster is? He's from Nashville, by the way, the Nashville Zoo. Anybody think what that is?WATTERS: Lemur.PERINO: He looks like Count Dracula.PIRRO: It's half and half.WATTERS: Did I get it right?GUTFELD: You got it right.WATTERS: Yes.GUTFELD: It's a red ruffed lemur.WATTERS: Do you want to know why I got that right? Because I've been with you on the show for so many years. I know lemurs from you.PIRRO: Why is that?GUTFELD: Yes, I'm a big lemur fan.PIRRO: Lemurs?PIRRO: Spell it.GUTFELD: It's a red ruffed lemur.PIRRO: L-E-M-U-R.GUTFELD: L-E-M-U-R.FORD JR.: Can you put the picture back for a second?GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Lemur. OK, Jesse.WATTERS: All right, great book signing in Mendham, New Jersey. Not that far away from where I live so that was why we went. And they loved it. Get It Together shirts, we love Jesse and Johnny. I really love that shirt so much.PIRRO: So nice.WATTERS: We celebrated Cinco de Mayo together at the book signing. As you can see, if you have a great shirt that's about me, I will put you on television.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" we have Tom Brady's roast, Kristi Noem, and Johnny Belisario who went to the derby, 8:00.PIRRO: Keep your dogs at home. Dana?PERINO: OK, first off, a special shout-out to a good friend of the family, and it is Mindy Bartell. She is from Colorado. She has accomplished a lot in her life, but this was a pretty big deal. There was a goal this weekend of climbing the Manitou Incline. It's about a mile up. It's just on the eastern slope of the Rocky Mountains. And she was able to do the climb in one hour with friends from junior high. It was amazing. Good job, Mindy. And on my podcast tonight, Matt Whitlock.PIRRO: OK, Harold.FORD JR.: First Black graduate from Georgia Tech is a fellow named Ronald Yancey. He did it in 1965. That's him giving his granddaughter, Deanna, her diploma in engineering from Georgia Tech just over the weekend. Congratulations to that family and congratulations to him on all of his courage. And young Deanna, go for it, girl.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: You go, girl.WATTERS: You go.PIRRO: I bet he was very proud.FORD JR.: He was.PIRRO: All right, that's it for us tonight. Have a great night, everybody.