DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And he is a huge celebrity now, being praised as a hero and the pride of Taiwan. So, you go, dog.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: There you go.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: That's great.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: That's great. You know, we applaud other people and dogs but not Brian Stelter.GUTFELD: No, no.PERINO: Stelter.GUTFELD: All right, that's it for us. Have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You go boys and girls. Thanks, Greg.Good evening, Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, we're following number of big stories tonight. The market sank following a troubling inflation report. We'll bring you that.Former President Donald Trump says Arizona has it wrong on the issue of abortion.Meantime, House Republicans revolt on FISA, as the house speaker's future hangs in the balance, just a few votes.But we begin at the White House where President Biden is still predicting an interest rate cut and defending his administration's role fighting inflation. At the same time, the president is trying to circle the wagons in the Pacific against China.White House Correspondent Jacqui Heinrich starts us off tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Once enemies now allies, closer than ever, the United States and Japan announced more than 70 defense cooperation agreements among other collaborations in a not so subtle message to China increasingly aggressive in the South Pacific and the Taiwan Strait.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (voice over): President Biden preemptively cooling blowback from Beijing.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And our alliances we have with Japan is a truly defensive in nature. It's not aimed at any one nation or a threat to the region.HEINRICH (voice over): The Japanese state visit comes one day before a trilateral meeting with the Philippines under increasing pressure in the South China Sea over Beijing's claims to shipping lanes.But in a news conference, Biden pressed to answer to domestic challenges with high costs of gas and rent pushing up inflation by 0.4 percent last month, dampening prospects of interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve.BIDEN: I do stand by my prediction that before there is out to be a rate cut, this may delay it a month or so, I'm not sure that, I don't -- we don't know what the Fed is going to do for certain.But look, we have dramatically reduced inflation from nine percent down to close to three percent.HEINRICH (voice over): But inflation was 1.4 percent when Biden took office and all prices are up nearly 19 percent since that date, the news souring chances Americans will feel better about the economy ahead of the election. Biden's critics sounding off.EJ ANTONI, RESEARCH FELLOW, HERITAGE FOUNDATION: Whatever happened to the independence of the Fed? Whatever happened to monetary policy targeting prices and not simply targeting political outcomes?HEINRICH (voice over): But Biden is keeping the focus on what he thinks will matter the most, abortion. Blaming Trump for Arizona's Supreme Court decision reviving 160-year-old near total abortion ban.BIDEN: Elect me, I'm in the 20 -- 20th century -- 21st century, not back then, they weren't even a state.HEINRICH (voice over): And pinning angst over unwavering support for Ukraine on Republicans under Trump's influence.BIDEN: The war in Ukraine comes to an end by the House Leader allowing a vote. There's overwhelming support for Ukraine among the majority of Democrats and Republicans, there should be a vote now.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): House Speaker Mike Johnson has floated the idea of Ukraine aid in exchange for Biden lifting his freeze on new exports of liquefied natural gas. The ban is apparently something that Japan is concerned about too, the prime minister reportedly discussing it in a business roundtable yesterday. Today Biden dodged our question on if he'd reconsider his ban but said there's no ban to Japan, Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich live in the North Lawn. Jacqui, thanks.Today's inflation reports sent stocks tumbling, the Dow lost 422, was down even more than that mid-day. The S&P 500 was down 49, the NASDAQ fell 136. Brit Hume in all of this in a bit.Former President Donald Trump is in Florida tonight for a fundraiser. Earlier today, the former president was in Georgia where he said President Biden has abandoned Israel. He also called his successor a, "criminal" who has done more damage than the country's 10 worst presidents but abortion is still a major focus for him right now after questions about Arizona and Florida. Correspondent Mark Meredith is in Atlanta tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Former President Trump's first stop in Georgia Chick-fil-A where he urged Atlanta's black community to back him.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I've done more for the black community than any other president since Abraham Lincoln.MEREDITH (voice over): Trump who lost Georgia in 2020 is back in the state to raise money. But tonight, it's his views on abortion making headlines. Trump says he thinks Arizona should change its abortion laws after the state Supreme Court ruled 1800 era laws banning the procedure can stand.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did Arizona go too far?TRUMP: Yes, they did and that'll be straightened out. And as you know, it's all about states' rights that will be straightened out. And I'm sure that the governor and everybody else are going to bring it back into reason as that will be taken care of I think very quickly.MEREDITH (voice over): Arizona's Democratic governor says the ruling has created both chaos and confusion.GOV. KATIE HOBBS (D-AZ): The near total Civil War era ban that continues to hang over our heads only serves to create more chaos for women and doctors in our state.MEREDITH (voice over): This week, Trump urged Republicans to make abortion a state issue instead of pushing any federal standard.TRUMP: At the end of the day, this is all about the will of the people.MEREDITH (voice over): The Biden campaign firing back today, claiming Trump will, "Use every tool at his disposal to ban abortion nationwide."The latest Fox polling shows voters are more concerned about the economy and immigration over abortion. Today's news that consumer prices jumped another 3.5 percent from a year ago, higher than economists expected, allowed Trump to lob another attack on President Biden.TRUMP: The inflation is out of control and now it's out of control again.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): The Trump campaign is hoping to raise $15 million from the fundraiser here in Atlanta that's wrapped up and the one tonight down in Orlando. Speaking of Florida, Fox has learned that Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, who was Trump's rival just a few weeks ago, is also willing to help the Trump campaign raise money between now and the general election. No word when that fundraiser may take place, Bret, but it certainly would be an interesting exchange of events, Bret.BAIER: Mark Meredith in Atlanta. Mark, thanks.A New York appeals court has rejected another attempt to try to delay former President Trump's criminal trial for a third straight day. The former president's lawyers argued the trial should be put off indefinitely as they attempt to remove Judge Juan Merchan and challenge several of his rulings. The decision means the first of the former president's criminal trials will start as scheduled April 15th.Former President Trump has pleaded not guilty to charges alleging he falsified business records to hide payments in connection with a scheme to suppress damaging stories about him and an adult film star during his 2016 presidential campaign.The former president -- former Trump real estate executive Allen Weisselberg has been sentenced to five months in jail for lying under oath. The 76-year-old Weisselberg pleaded guilty last month to two counts of perjury. He was accused of lying during testimony in the civil lawsuit against his former boss by New York's Attorney General.Republican Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene is continuing her efforts to possibly remove House Speaker Mike Johnson from office. The two met today on Capitol Hill amid increasing discontent among the GOP caucus. Congressional Correspondent Aishah Hasnie tells us what happened there live from Capitol Hill. Good evening, Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. A lot has happened in the last few hours here on Capitol Hill. House Republicans just coming out of a closed door conference meeting amid growing frustration amongst members about how this conference is functioning or not functioning.For example, today, House Speaker Mike Johnson tried to reauthorize FISA authorities today, despite the fact that former President Trump told House Republicans to kill the surveillance bill, while 19 conservatives blocked a procedural vote stalling it. It's another setback for the speaker as he tries to hold on to the gavel.Today, as you mentioned, he'd met with Georgia Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene for the first time since she filed that motion to vacate. Greene says the meeting became passionate at times. She said her message to the speaker was that funding Ukraine and passing FISA without more reforms is out of step with the rest of the conference. She also rebuffed his offer to make her part of his kitchen cabinet and advisory role. And she says that she told Johnson to stop being the Democrat speaker, but says that she did not walk away with any promises from him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: There's no deal. You didn't walkout with a deal.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): No, we didn't walk out with a deal. We have to have changed behavior that supports the policies that the American people are supporting under President Trump. It's not about whether you like President Trump or not. The Republican Party, Republican voters are supporting his policies.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Ironically, Bret, Johnson is headed to Mar-a-Lago on Friday for an election event with former President Trump. Unclear though if he's going to lobby the former president to save him but the image alone standing next to him can give him a boost.Speaker Johnson does need a big victory and he needs it soon. He already delayed sending those articles of impeachment for DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, delay that to next week.By the way, Mayorkas was on the Hill today asking for more funding for the border after being impeached for the job he's done on the border, Bret.BAIER: Aishah Hasnie live on the Hill. Aishah, thanks.President Biden is considering a request from Australia to end the effort to prosecute WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. He has been indicted on 17 espionage charges for publishing classified documents on his website nearly 15 years ago. U.S. prosecutors say that put lives at risk. Assange supporters say the actions should be protected by the First Amendment.President Biden says the handling of the Hamas war by Israel's prime minister has, "been a mistake." He's calling for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to reach a ceasefire now.Correspondent Trey Yingst is in Tel Aviv tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Well, disagreements on a path forward for the war in Gaza remain. President Biden spoke Wednesday about his demands for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.BIDEN: The fact of the matter is that Bibi and I had a long discussion, he agreed to do several things that related to number one, getting more aid, both food and medicine into Gaza, and reducing significantly the attempts, the civilian casualties.YINGST (voice over): In his first remarks since calling Netanyahu's plans to enter the Gazan city of Rafah a mistake. Biden also insisted that Hamas accepted American proposal to put forward during ceasefire talks in Cairo that could pause the war and see up to 40 hostages released. Efforts to broker a ceasefire are ongoing this week in Egypt, with teams from Israel, Hamas and the United States present, though reports indicate continued disagreements on the framework of a deal.Despite the ongoing talks, Israel is continuing their air campaign against Gaza. Killing six relatives of Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh today in a strike.While aide to the enclave has ramped up in recent days. With more than a thousand trucks entering Gaza this week. Distribution of supplies is still a key issue leading to hunger among the civilian population.NAEEMA AL-DAH, DISPLACED PALESTINIAN (through translator): I lost my children I lost myself. How can this be aid for me? As you can see, we're hungry, no food or drink, what has become of our lives?(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): The developments in Gaza come as Israel remains on high alert with Iranian officials once again threatening the Jewish state amid concerns that Iran could retaliate following a strike earlier this month in Syria that killed two top Iranian generals, Bret.BAIER: Trey Yingst in Tel Aviv. Trey, thanks.Up next, Brit Hume on an inflation report too hot for the markets and reaction to it.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. At least three people are dead and four are missing after a massive explosion at a hydroelectric plant in northern Italy. That blast happened Tuesday as maintenance workers conducted testing, a turbine exploded causing a fire and flooding the floor with more than a foot of water.This is a live look at Rio de Janeiro. One of the big stories there tonight, the Green Bay Packers will face the Philadelphia Eagles in some -- Sao Paulo, Brazil during the first weekend of the NFL season. It's the first ever league game held in South America. It's also the first time the NFL has played a Friday night game on the season's opening weekend since 1970. That matchup takes place September 6th announced today.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: At least three people have been shot in Philadelphia during an event to celebrate the end of Ramadan, the celebration of Eid. Police say two groups began firing at each other as people fled the scene. Officers took at least five suspects into custody, recovered for weapons.One suspect, a 15-year-old boy was shot by police. Officers are investigating the cause of the entire incident.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We have the best economy in the world, we've got to make it better. We really do the best economy in the world.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: The inflation is out of control, and now, it's out of control again. They brought down the rate so fast because they want to get elected, and it's going to work out just the opposite.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, inflation remains high. Well above the Federal Reserve's target for cutting interest rates. In fact, the CPI, Consumer Price Index came out today, year-over-there -- over-year; overall at 3.5; core at 3.8 percent.And let's talk about the economy and the politics surrounding it with Fox News. chief political analyst, Brit Hume.You know, Brit, good evening. The president today in the afternoon said that we, the administration and the country better situated than when he took office.But if you look at the chart of inflation, when he took office started at 1.4 percent, and now is at 3.5 percent. Obviously more than double. And he did bring it down, but it's still hot.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, let's remember this about what happens when you bring the rate of inflation down. What that means is not that prices are going lower. They are not. There is -- they are just rising at a slower rate.So, you had this huge run up in prices that occurred fairly early in the administration after some truly massive spending during the Biden administration on top of massive spending that had been done back during when COVID was raging and the economy was shut down.And the result was -- what was inevitably going to be -- was inflation. We got this huge run up, eye popping numbers of inflation. And everybody felt it. And people are still feeling it, because these prices are so much higher now for all kinds of things, nearly everything than they were when President Biden took office. And they are still rising.And the president points to the numbers about having brought inflation down. Yes, that happened about the job's numbers, which are high, they are, about the growth in the economy, and it's there. But as long as people are looking at the things they buy, day in and day out, and other things, they may need to buy, cars and washing machines and the rest of it. And the prices are way, way higher than they used to -- than they can still remember. They are going to feel that and they're not going to like it. And they don't.BAIER: Brut, the president's statement about that inflation report. He said this, "I have a plan to lower costs for housing by building and renovating more than 2 million homes. And I'm calling on corporations, including grocery retailers to use record profits to reduce prices." What about them?HUME: Well, the problem is you can't talk the inflation rate down. It just doesn't work. I remember back during the Ford administration; people were walking around wearing -- had outburst of inflation during that period. And he -- and he put out win buttons, with W-I-N on them, meaning, whip inflation now. Guess what? It didn't work. Things like that don't work.What's needed, of course is spending restraint. At a time when, you know, spending is continuing to rise rapidly, most of it -- much of it, I should say borrowed money. We're on, you know, this is not a course that can be sustained. And the president is now paying the price for all the spending that he was in favor of, including something called the Inflation Reduction Act, which was no such thing. It was a green energy promotion measure. And I don't see this getting better for him, either economically or politically by the end of this year when the election comes around.BAIER: The Ford administration had to spend to get those WIN buttons.Brit, as always, thank you.HUME: Yes. You bet.BAIER: Up next, one Democrat, one Republican, we seek "COMMON GROUND" on a number of issues.First, here is what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX43 in Norfolk, Virginia, as a former elementary school assistant principal is facing criminal charges in the case where a 6-year- old shot his first-grade teacher.Special grand jury determined Ebony Parker showed reckless disregard for students on the day of the shooting.FOX13 in Seattle, where the trial begins for a man accused of killing his wife and his girlfriend's two youngest children. Prosecutors say Chad Daybell and girlfriend Lori Vallow justify the killings with doomsday beliefs. Vallow received a life sentence without parole for the killings. Daybell could face the death penalty if convicted.This is a live look at Pittsburgh. One of the big stories there tonight from Fox 53. Aerosmith announces rescheduled dates for their peace out farewell tour.Pittsburgh will be the first stop in September. Tour was cut short last year after lead singer Steven Tyler suffered a vocal cord injury. Tickets go on sale, Friday. How about that?That's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. DAN SULLIVAN (R-AK): Every year, he puts forward defense department cuts.GEN. LLOYD AUSTIN (RET), UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: We linked our request to our strategy. And again, I think we had to make some tough choices.SULLIVAN: None of you believe going below three percent of GDP is good for the Department of Defense. I know that. I know it's hard. The president clearly thinks it is.He cuts the budget every year. It's going to make your job really tough.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Welcome back to SPECIAL REPORT. It's time now for our "COMMON GROUND" segment. Two of the senators on that committee joining us tonight. Two members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Democrat Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Republican, you just heard there. Dan Sullivan, of Alaska.Senators, thanks for being here.SEN. JOE MANCHIN (D-WV): Great to be with you.SULLIVAN: Great to be here, Bret.BAIER: Senator Sullivan, the reason we played that is because you're talking there about the supplemental. And you said in that questioning that it should be called the fighting authoritarian aggression supplemental or the Defense Industrial Base Enhancement Act or something besides Ukraine aid.SULLIVAN: Yes.BAIER: Because you're fearful that it's going to run into trouble.SULLIVAN: Well, I'm fearful it's been mischaracterized, which it has been. It's not really a Ukraine aid bill, Bret, it is really focus on our ability to produce weapons for our own country.60 percent of this bill goes directly into the industrial base of America, which has dramatically atrophied in terms of our ability to produce weapons, everything from submarines to 155-millimeter howitzers. That's why I'm a strong supporter of that bill.But I also told the secretary and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs. Hey, give it the correct description, which is this is about defending ourselves, and our ability to fight China. Our industrial base has dramatically atrophied. This will help get us back where we need to produce weapons for America.BAIER: And this is something that you see common ground with a lot of Democrats and Republicans --MANCHIN: Yes, this isn't a Democrat or a Republican division that we should be having, OK. Because as Dan, he basically described it very accurately. We benefit. The United States of America and our Defense Department benefits by this. And we're able to help our allies, also, so it's a win- win. To make it a political situation where you've got to pick one or the other or you're for or you're against is so wrong. And I appreciate Dan, when he basically on the military, which understands it is well if not better than most any of us on that committee, gets it, because he is part of it, and basically, puts it that way. Can't we rise up for our country and not worry about our politics?BAIER: Because in this is about $6 billion to build subs.MANCHIN: Yes, everything.BAIER: The weapons that Xi Jinping and China --MANCHIN: You are not hearing that. Until Dan spoke about that, we were in a committee. I was sitting there listening. When he spoke about that, to put it the way he did, you don't hear that. You don't hear the administration talking about it that way. You don't hear politics on both sides, Democrats and Republicans are opposed. And if we can get both sides to start looking at it, what's best for our country? What is going to help our military? How can we defend ourselves and be prepared if we're drawn in to different --SULLIVAN: Bret, you may have seen the secretary of the Navy just put out a report yesterday saying that every ship building program in America, including subs, is years behind. And the Chinese are cranking out 10 to 12 high end Navy ships every year. We got to get our act together.BAIER: I want to talk to both of you about something that is happening now, and that is the Middle East situation with the Israel-Hamas war, and this administration's talking about it. The president had an interview, talked - - said one thing. He said something else today. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think what is he doing is a mistake.What I am calling for is for the Israelis to just call for a cease-fire, allow for the next six to eight weeks total access to all food and medicine going into the country.And that's tied to the hostages. There are a number of hostages that are being held by -- by the Hamas.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So today the president talked about Hamas and talked about the hostages, hasn't been talking about that. There is some confusion about administration policy vis-a-vis Israel and what they're doing. Obviously concerns, Senator Manchin, about civilian casualties there. But what are your thoughts?MANCHIN: I have been very clear. I've said this, how would you expect Israel or any other country that has been barbarically attacked the way they were to say at least give us back our hostages, give us our citizens back. We'll sit down. Maybe we can work through, but we're going to wipe out Hamas one way or another with the least amount of infliction on the innocent civilians.It's horrible they are caught in between. I have tried to describe what I understand. When countries, civilized countries go to war because of disputes, there is basically the rules of war, when we use our military machinery, our military might to protect our citizens. When terrorist organizations go to war or conflict, they use their innocent citizens to protect their war efforts. That's what you are dealing with. And you have to understand that.To ask them to stand down and allow Hamas to reload without getting anything in return, and I said I would be the first one that would encourage let's basically we got our hostages all back. Sit down, let's work through. Get the Arab and the Egyptians and the Arab Muslim countries to basically come into that part of the world. But to ask them not to get anything in return except stand down and allow them to reload, and making sure that we can identify and making sure that the aid that's being needed from food and necessities as far as medical is getting to the right people that need it and not the military that's going to take it and use it. Hamas has basically stripped that country of all the necessities that they have needed to have any quality of life.BAIER: We should say Hamas rejected the latest offer. It didn't include hostages, but they rejected that cease-fire offer already.Meantime Iran, there are some indications that they may be getting ready, Senator Sullivan, to attack Israel directly. The Cent Com commander is heading there tomorrow. It is a tinder box over there.SULLIVAN: Well, Bret, one of the things that we've been pressing and I think Joe would agree with me on is another area of common ground is we need to recognize that we need to do much more in terms of our policy both military and nonmilitary policy to deter Iran. Think about it. Iran funds and trains the Houthis, Hamas, Hezbollah. You don't have any of those terrorist proxies without Iran. And we have not done nearly enough to deter them.One of the things that I have been saying, I was in a bipartisan meeting with the president of the United States, said, Mr. President, we have to do much more to bring the sanctions back with regard to the oil and gas regime of the Iranians. At the end of the Trump administration, Iran had $4 billion in foreign reserves because of the tough sanctions. Right now, Biden administration has let the sanctions off the hook. They have $75 billion in foreign reserves. Guess what they are doing with that? They're funding all these proxies.We need -- those kinds of policies are bipartisan. Hit them hard again with oil and gas sanctions. I'm sure Joe Manchin agrees with that. These are the kind of things we need to do in addition to being strong militarily.BAIER: I want to talk about LNG in a second, but just weapons received, taken from the Houthis, small arms, by the thousands. Have now been captured and sent to Ukraine, which is just an interesting development as we talk about all of that.MANCHIN: Thank God. Thank God.BAIER: We played a soundbite from Senator Sullivan at the beginning. I want to play one from you. This is from the Senate Energy Committee.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MANCHIN: The White House has gone out of its way to signal that the policy is a political ploy intended to get votes in an election year. It's all about politics, not economics. Again and again, the White House has shown it is so concerned with indulging radical climate activists that it is willing to play politics with our energy security and that of our allies.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: This is about the LNG pause, the export pause. The Secretary of Energy, Granholm, says it's important to take a beat and to say with all the changes that have happened what's in the public interest, which is what the Natural Gas Act requires to us take into consideration.MANCHIN: The Natural Gas Act tells you to get the facts. Do your background, do your study, do your work. Tell us exactly what our reserve base is. Tell us what our demands are going to be in our country for our economy. Make sure that we do not endure any pain whatsoever by allowing too much gas to go out.I understand all of that. They did none of that. First of all, we have 14 billion cubic feet a day going out, OK? We have replaced about 20 to 30 to 40 percent of the Russian energy that was coming in to our allies and friends in the E.U. So, with that, we have another 12 billion coming online within the next year or two. Now we're up to 26 billion cubic feet. And we have another 22 billion cubic feet in the queue. If all of that comes to fruition, that's 48 billion cubic feet. I don't --BAIER: Of liquid natural gas.MANCHIN: Of liquid natural gas going into the markets. I don't know if that's not enough, too much, or whatever. The only thing I can tell you, anyone that says you have to have the pause when we have the lowest prices of natural gas in America today after we had no LNG going out in 2016. We're up to 14 billion cubic feet a day and people were saying, oh, if we let this go out on the market it's going to increase the prices in America. They have gone down. We have got the supply. Let's get the facts and then make a decision. This was a political driven statement that was made.BAIER: If the House came back and tied LNG, get rid of the pause, the ban - -MANCHIN: Pause the pause.BAIER: -- to something else, would the Senate, you think, consider that, or the votes break the LNG pause?SULLIVAN: You mean as part of the national security supplemental.BAIER: Yes.SULLIVAN: Absolutely I think the Senate would.Look, a lot of my Democratic colleagues, Joe Manchin has been brave enough to talk about it publicly. But a lot of my colleagues, certainly the Republicans but also the Democrats know that this is a huge political mistake, the pause.MANCHIN: If the house does it, I would recommend to Speaker Johnson, OK. I would say, Speaker, if you're going to give that's language, which I think it needs to be done, do it with the intentions of getting the facts, making sure that we do the study. Make sure we understand what our reserve capacity.BAIER: But he's right. The Democrats privately, not publicly like you are, agree with you? A lot of them?MANCHIN: Oh, I'd say a majority. I think a majority. I do.SULLIVAN: Because they are seeing what is happening with our allies and --MANCHIN: Because what is happening right now. Do you know how long it's taken us to get Ditte Jorgensen, who is the head of the E.U. Energy Committee, she basically advises -- I have been talking to her for years. Ditte, you need to get more long-term contracts from us, from our European counterparts, so that we can get longer term projects, get your prices down. She has finally convinced them. She called me and says --BAIER: Now what?MANCHIN: We convinced them, and not we're sure if you're going to give it to us or not. That's not the case. But what I'm saying, if Mike Johnson, if he does that and says, OK, we want to pause the pause until we get the facts. Let's do the study. If he puts the study in there, I'll guarantee a majority of Democrats will all go along.BAIER: Listen, this is what "Common Ground" is about.MANCHIN: It's the way it should be, and I want you to know this is my friend. OK? We don't always agree.SULLIVAN: Not always.MANCHIN: But we can agree to disagree and work out our differences and come up with an agreement. That's what it is supposed to be.SULLIVAN: And on national security and American energy, and by the way, helping Alaska develop its resources. I got a great ally in Joe Manchin, too, that's important.BAIER: Thank you. Spread the word up there. Thanks very much.MANCHIN: We're doing it.BAIER: You can see all the "Common Ground" segments on my podcast "Common Ground." Find that and the "All-Star Panel" podcast under the Bret Baier podcasts at FOXNewspodcast.com, Spotify, or wherever you download podcasts. You can also see the discussion on the FOX News YouTube page.Up next, the panel on President Biden's policy on Israel, Iran, inflation, and the presidential campaign. Plus, an update on the latest challenge to the House Speaker.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: This week we'll be reauthorizing FISA. We are enacting sweeping changes over 50 reforms, 56 to be exact.These reforms would actually kill the abuses that allow President Trump's campaign to be spied on.REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE, (R-GA): It's pretty clear and obvious and being whispered among the conference, Mike Johnson does not have the support of the conference. He is in there urging members to reauthorize FISA. And I don't think he has the votes for it right now, is what I'm gathering.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Marjorie Taylor Greene not saying when she is going to bring up the motion to vacate, but clearly hinting that it may be coming. That is the motion by which Speaker McCarthy was taken out of that position. Could happen to Speaker Johnson as well. He mentioned FISA there. "Wall Street Journal" editorial board, "A FISA surveillance compromise worth passing. Congress is trying to reauthorize the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act this week, doing it right is crucial for national security. The debate concerns FISA Section 702 that lets the government monitor communications of foreigners overseas. Republicans shouldn't want responsibility for crippling U.S. surveillance amid the world's proliferating threats. If 702 collapses, the White House won't hesitate to blame the GOP if there is a terrorist attack."We're going to start with the panel. Let's bring them in, Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, Charles Hurt, opinion editor for "The Washington Times," "Axios" political reporter Stef Kight. Stef, the threat to Speaker Johnson is real.STEF KIGHT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It definitely is, and Marjorie Taylor Greene reiterated today that she is seriously considering trying to oust him, that she's watching very closely how he handles FISA as well if he does move forward with putting some kind of Ukraine aid on the floor. And Johnson is certainly in a tough situation right now.There is still a question of whether Marjorie Taylor Greene has the same amount of support for an effort to oust Johnson that she had in ousting McCarthy. Of course, many Republicans don't want to go through the chaos that was the election following McCarthy's ouster. We're in the middle of an election year. So it's not clear that Republicans are quite angry enough yet to do this all over again. But she is certainly willing to go there if she needs to.WILSON: She was an ally of McCarthy, but the other eight were not. They bounced him. Is this kind of like you threaten? They don't have an answer to what happens at the back end of it again.GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Right. The dog catching the car, again. It hasn't gone well for the Republicans. Is this House majority stronger or better off now than it was months ago, or under a Speaker McCarthy? I don't think so. It's literally diminished. People dropping like flies. They have achieved almost nothing.I suspect that if this gets to be a threat, and I think a lot of Republicans want absolutely no part of another speaker fight in the middle of an election year, knockdown, drag out, internecine dysfunction with this particular back bench member from Georgia who gets a lot of attention, one phone call might be able to straighten that out because there is a certain former president who has enormous sway over her. I'm not sure he wants that mess in his election year.BAIER: Yes. And Speaker Johnson is going down to Mar-a-Lago to meet with former President Trump. He did, the former president did weigh in about concerns about FISA. This is "The Wall Street Journal" editorial board. It doesn't always track, obviously, with MAGA world, Charlie, but what about that piece of legislation?CHARLES HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: But it is -- it does highlight a shift after 9/11. Republicans gave a lot of benefit of the doubt on these surveillance measures in an effort to go after terrorism. And what we saw was the government abused a lot of them, and abused them not only in smaller ways, but, obviously, abused them in the effort to go after Donald Trump during an election. It took whatever -- it took three elections to get so that we would use these powers to go after a political opponent at the height of an election, which, of course, is what Donald Trump is talking about there. And it's a very good point.And I think that it also reflects a shift for a lot of rank and file Republicans who are willing to go along with this notion that, you know what, actually, our civil liberties probably are important to protect. We should find other ways to combat terrorism like, I don't know, closing the border.BAIER: Which is a big deal and one that we talk about a lot.I want to talk about Israel and Hamas, what the president is saying about that, the administration policy, and is it shifting day to day? Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We've also discussed developments in the Middle East, including our shared support for a cease- fire and the hostage deal. Our commitment to Israel's security against these threats from Iran and its proxies is ironclad.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Biden has totally lost control of the Israel situation. He has abandoned Israel. Any Jewish person that votes for a Democrat or votes for Biden should have their head examined.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Guy, former president obviously making his feelings clear. But the Biden administration, how he has talked about it the Univision interview just a day-and-a-half ago, and today was different.BENSON: A few weeks ago, the Biden administration declined to veto at the U.N. a Security Council resolution that seemed to decouple or did decouple the hostages situation from a cease-fire. And Biden could have blocked it. He chose not to. And the Israelis were very upset about that and many Israel supporters in this country were, too.But the administration said, no, that's not our policy. We didn't block it, but we don't support it. Then with the Univision interview, Biden seemed to do exactly that a day-and-a-half ago. And then today the hostages seemingly were back in that press conference with the Japanese prime minister. Does the president know what his policy is exactly on this? I'm not sure.BAIER: Stef, there is in the Democratic Party concern about getting weapons to Israel. In fact, it's growing, it seems, in those ranks.KIGHT: It certainly has. We have heard recently from Senator Coons, for example, who is a close ally of president Biden, who said he thought that maybe it was time to have conditions on further aid we send to Israel. And we've certainly have seen President Biden and his administration try to walk a very narrow line right now. They are trying to say that, yes, we still support Israel while also acknowledging that there is a large and growing number of members in the Democratic Party who are concerned with Israel's actions. Sometimes this looks like attacking Netanyahu, in particular. Sometimes it looks like asking for conditions on aid. And we are certainly seeing that right now. I don't know whether it's contradictory, but they are certainly trying to navigate a difficult political situation.BAIER: And Charlie, as I pointed out with the senators, Hamas has turned down the latest cease-fire that didn't have anything with hostages. They didn't have to turn over any hostages, and they still turned it down. Meantime, Iran looks like it's doing something, and there's all kinds of intelligence reports worried about Iran attack on Israel.HURT: They have had a free hand ever since Joe Biden went into the White House, so why wouldn't they make -- take advantage of that. It is, again, talking about the sort of shifting among Republicans, they are desperate to keep Ukraine and Israel funding tied together. And one reason is because if you put them on the floor separately, Ukraine probably very likely would fail. If you put Israel funding on the floor -- and I get it, there are people that have their reservations about it in Congress now. But I guarantee you, I would be willing to bet that if you put funding for Israel on the floor, it would pass.BAIER: And it's interesting. Both of those senators talk about all the other things in that supplemental that we don't often talk about.So, panel, thanks so much.Up next, you don't want to miss this. A special day for an American icon.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: This is a special day, as we told you earlier. President Biden is aiming to strengthen ties with Japan, once a bitter enemy during World War II, and now a priceless ally against an aggressive China.In tonight's Special Day segment, a long overdue honor for a national symbol. The World War II character Rosie the Riveter is recognized for her service to the country. Here is senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Rosie, Rosie, Rosie, working on the assembly line.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: She is making history, working for victory, Rosie the Riveter.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Few World War II images endure like Rosie the Riveter.MARGARET GRUN KIBBEN, HOUSE CHAPLAIN: The muscular bandana, we celebrate that in you there is nothing we can't do.PERGRAM: Six million women pressed into service.JACKIE SPEIER, (D) FORMER CALIFORNIA REPRESENTATIVE: They were housewives, they were mothers turned war heroes.PERGRAM: They weren't in the military. They welded in shipyards, assembled B-17s, and built bombs, while American men fought overseas.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Here 1,800 women are employed, and they have to be mechanics. War aviation production gets the feminine touch.REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: These are the invisible warriors here on the home front.PERGRAM: On the same day President Biden greeted the leader of America's World War II adversary, Japan, at the White House, lawmakers bestowed their highest civilian honor on 24 surviving Rosies, the Congressional Gold Medal. And 98-year-old Mae Krier of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, is one of the oldest Rosies still living.MAE KRIER, ROSE THE RIVETER: Up until 1941 it was a man's world. They didn't know how capable us women were, did they?(APPLAUSE)REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES, (D-NY) HOUSE MINORITY LEADER: As you might say in Brooklyn, the Rosies got it going on.PERGRAM: Krier left the Capitol crowd with sage advice.KRIER: My last thought is remember these four little words -- "We can do it."(APPLAUSE)PERGRAM: And in the case of the Rosies, not only can they do it, but they did it.(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Senator Jones who was in the know shouted these words on the radio.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's something to do about red, white, and blue about Rosie the riveter.PERGRAM: On Capitol Hill, Chad Pergram, FOX News.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: That's just fantastic.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. We can do it. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts now.