SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: I'm Shannon Bream.Days of crackdowns following weeks of campus protests across the country over the Israel-Hamas war. Left in their wake, millions of dollars in property damage and cracks in the credibility of America's universities.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BREAM (voice-over): Thousands arrested from coast to coast in the heat of violent clashes between anti-Israel demonstrators and law enforcements.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We call on students and faculty worldwide to escalate their protests.UINIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I hope that the NYPD steps in even more than they already are to ensure the safety of all students on campus.BREAM: Schools rushed to try to strike deals to calm the chaos and the political blowback.President Biden finally breaking his silence on the mayhem.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There's the right to protest but not the right to cause chaos.BREAM: As Secretary of State Blinken tries to broker a ceasefire deal between Israel and Hamas.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: It's on Hamas. The deal is there. They should take it.BREAM: We'll get reaction for Marco Rubio, the top Republican on Senate Intel, and Jim Himes, the top Democrat on House Intel.And talk with Virginia Attorney General Jason Miyares on bringing law and order to the chaos on campus.Then --DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's the election interference at the highest level.BREAM: Another fascinating week of testimony at former President Trump's hush money trial in New York. Our panel weighs in on how it's affecting campaign 2024.All ahead on FOX News Sunday.(MUSIC)(END VIDEOTAPE)BREAM (on camera): Hello from FOX News in Washington.Our top story, anti-Israel protests on campuses across the country. More than 2,300 people have been arrested on at least 52 campuses across 27 states since this started in earnest last month.Police have cleared protesters away at many colleges, including Columbia in New York and the University of Virginia in Charlottesville. And most universities have significantly increased security as they try to prepare for commencement ceremonies.After days of silence, President Biden spoke out Thursday supporting free speech but condemning protesters who have caused chaos on campus and used antisemitic language.Meanwhile, in Cairo, Hamas representatives are meeting with Egyptian and Qatari mediators on a ceasefire proposal but back in Israel, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vows to launch a ground invasion into the southern Gazan city of Rafah, quote, with or without a deal.In a moment, we'll get reaction to all of this from GOP Senator Marco Rubio and Democratic Congressman Jim Himes.But, first, FOX team coverage with Jeff Paul in Israel and Lucas Tomlinson at the White House.Lucas, we kick it off with you.LUCAS TOMLINSON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: That's right, Shannon. After days of silence about the protest, President Biden addressed the nation from here at the White House, protests that are expected to continue throughout the summer and into the Democratic National Convention.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BIDEN: Violent protest is not protected. Peaceful protest is.TOMLINSON (voice-over): Biden spoke hours after violence erupted on the campus of UCLA. Members of the president's own party have criticized his handling of the Israel-Hamas war and the protests across the United States.Progressive Democrat Rashida Tlaib, the only Palestinian American in Congress, slammed the police response.REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): Sending in militarized police forces and even snipers to stop these students for exercising their First Amendment right is truly disgusting.TOMLINSON: A bizarre scene at the University of Alabama where both pro and anti-Israel protesters chanted the same thing.(CHANTING)TOMLINSON: During the 2020 presidential campaign, as protests also raged across the country, Biden pledged to bring people together.BIDEN: I'm going to bring all these interests together, peaceful protesters, police chiefs, police officers.TOMLINSON: Five blocks from the White House at George Washington University, the statue of the first president remains defaced.After a giant American flag was unfurled, protesters superimposed this image with the words "genocide Joe".(CHANTING)TOMLINSON: Biden's former Press Secretary Jen Psaki will give the commencement address in two weeks.Republican lawmakers visited GW including Byron Donalds.REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): Everybody believes in peaceful protests, but this is trespassing now.TOMLINSON: Critics say the protests have cost Biden support among young voters.REPORTER: Mr. President, have the protests forced you to reconsider any of the policies with regard to the region?BIDEN: No, thank you.REPORTER: Mr. President --(END VIDEOTAPE)TOMLINSON (on camera): Right now, President Biden's CIA Director Bill Burns is in Cairo as hostage and ceasefire negotiations continue -- Shannon.BREAM: All right. Lucas Tomlinson at the White House for -- Lucas, thank you.We turn now to FOX News correspondent Jeff Paul in Tel Aviv.Hello, Jeff.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Oh, yeah, Shannon. Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh reportedly said today that he wants to see not only a full withdrawal of Israeli troops but a comprehensive ceasefire.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu saying that they can't accept that, and if they did, the next October 7th would be only a matter of time.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)PAUL (voice-over): As pressure builds from abroad on Hamas to agree to the latest ceasefire agreement --BLINKEN: There is a very strong proposal on the table right now. Hamas needs to say yes.PAUL: In Israel, patience is running thin. Protesters and families of hostages in Tel Aviv once again push their government to act.ORNA NEUTRA, MOTHER OF HOSTAGE OMER NEUTRA: Only through returning our loved ones home will the Jewish people be made whole again.PAUL: Progress is reportedly being made on the latest deal after a delegation from Hamas landed in Cairo, Egypt, this weekend. It could result in both the release of hostages and a pause in the fighting an agreement would come at a critical time.Israel is preparing its forces for a major ground operation in the southern city of Rafah in Gaza. That's where more than 1 million Palestinians are sheltering from the war.FADEL ABU HALOUB, DISPLACED PERSON FROM BEIT LAHIYA (through translator): Aid is not always available so I can't say we have enough. But to me and my family, ration what we receive to get by.PAUL: As the U.S. continues building a new temporary pier that will eventually help bring more aid into Gaza, during his recent trip to Israel, U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said more needs to be done.Blinken who met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for two and half hours reaffirmed the U.S. cannot support a military operation in Rafah. Netanyahu says it will happen.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER (through translator): Israel will not agree to Hamas's demands, which means surrender and will continue fighting until all of its goals are achieved.(END VIDEOTAPE)PAUL (on camera): Now we are learning a few hours ago, there was a mortar attack at the Kerem Shalom crossing which connects Israel to Gaza. Hamas has claimed responsibility for the attack that injured seven people, including one person who is in critical condition. That crossing, which is critical in getting humanitarian aid into Gaza is now closed -- Shannon.BREAM: All right. Jeff Paul reporting for us from Israel -- Jeff, thank you.Joining us now, GOP Senator Marco Rubio, ranking member of the Senate Intel Committee.Welcome back to FOX News Sunday.SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Thank you.BREAM: Okay. So let's start there. It sounds like this hostage negotiation deal is falling apart. Secretary Blinken said Hamas just needs to say yes, and not only does it not sound like they're saying yes, they've got this shelling this morning at an aid crossing that is going to shut it down.You have been there in recent days with the prime minister. They say they're moving in on Rafah. Where do we go from here?RUBIO: Well, it's their war and they have a right to fight it. These are degenerate savages, Hamas -- I mean, just think about the report you -- that I just heard a second ago, okay? Everybody's saying, send in humanitarian aid, these poor people are starving.Well, that's what we -- they tried to do and these guys are launching mortar attacks against the humanitarian aid that's coming in.You know, that a lot of the humanitarian aid that's getting in, and Israel's allowing it in anyways because they know they need to do it, but Hamas -- this stuff's being sold in the marketplace.This administration -- this is Israel's war. We should basically say, we are on the side of the people who were the victims on October 7th, of a bunch of savages and lunatics who came across that border and massacred and killed and kidnapped and raped and took hostages back with them. These people need to be defeated.How is Israel supposed to coexist to live side by side, alongside next to these people?And when they talk about displaced people, there are 80,000 Israelis right now that are displaced from the north. They have to live -- I saw them. They are living in hotels, their kids are going to school online, in conference rooms at hotels. They can't go north because Hezbollah is attacking them in north -- in northern Israel.So this is a time where we need to have not a weak and feeble president, but someone who makes it very clear that we are on Israel's side. They are the good guys in this fight and Hamas are the evil ones. And these terrible civilian casualties that are happening is because Hamas is using them as human shields.BREAM: Well, and I think that a lot of people as we watch these campus protests and demonstrations spread would agree that nobody wants civilians to be killed in this process, but in many of those cases, clearly, they have crossed the line to actually threatening fellow students, those kinds of things. We're hearing now from some international students who are speaking up saying they worry that because they may be suspended or disciplined, it could cost them their student visa to be here in the U.S.Do you think that's going too far? Do you think that's an appropriate response?RUBIO: I think Joe Biden -- or he hasn't done it again because he's weak -- he's weak and he's feeble, but Joe Biden at very early on should have said as I asked him to do back in October, if you're in the streets of the United States, you're here as a visitor, on a visa, okay? You're not an American. You're here on a visa, and you're here to teach or you're here to go to school.And you're out there chanting on behalf of Hamas and Hezbollah and these terrorist groups, who, by the way, also hate America, we should revoke your visa. If you are here in this country as a visitor on a visa, and you are defacing statues on George Washington, ripping down American flags, putting up Palestinian flags, you should have your visa revoked and eliminated.And I -- and he should have been very clear about whose side we're on from the very beginning. But there -- look, there's a bunch of Democratic donors, major Democratic donors who are behind the groups that are funding all this.I saw the other day, I think it was in UCLA, there's thousands of dollars of plywood that they were using as barricades against the police. They're committing acts of violence, not just acts of antisemitism, acts of violence, of vandalism, threatening people.I saw another video of a Jewish student who had to get police, had to basically shame the police into escorting him so that he could go into an area of the university where he had every right to be because of these zombies, these antisemitic left-wing nutcases that the president should have been very firm about.And that's why everything in America is in chaos, from our border to our campuses, total chaos because we have a weak and we have a feeble president who cannot communicate and refuses to take a strong line on this because he's afraid of people voting against him in November who support these crazy ideas.BREAM: Well, do you give him some credit for the speech this week? He clearly denounced what has crossed the line, saying, listen, we got to have free speech protections, we have a First Amendment.He did come out and make stronger remarks than that. But at the same time, we haven't seen that we know of action by the DOJ.Are you surprised there aren't some civil rights investigations? Maybe they've been launched, but certainly not publicly.RUBIO: Well, he gave a short speech off of note cards seven days into this crisis. This -- we should have heard from him from the very beginning. Look, these are students from all over the country. Think about this, the people who -- you know who's not getting any coverage right now, the kids who paid $80,000 a year to go to these universities who can't take finals, can't use the library, can't go to class, live -- many of whom have dropped out of school, who's fighting for them?Joe Biden should have spoken about them very early in this process. His failure to address this early on and to make very clear who side he was on has just fed this, has just increased this. He should have been very clear and defined himself early on about this and they're not doing anything about it as far as I can see.I mean, where -- where are the -- I want to see if they put as much resource and time into investigating these people as they've investigated other people in the last couple years.BREAM: Well, we know the Department of Education has launched some investigations. We'll talk about that a little bit later in the show.But I want to get to a couple of other domestic issues with you. The issue of abortion has been a very difficult one for Republicans. You seem to be of the mindset that you need to embrace it and try to control the conversation in a better way and actually talk about it, not run from it.Democrats though feel like it's a -- it's a great case to make against you.Here's the vice president in Florida days ago when the six-week ban in Florida went into effect.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Since Roe was overturned, every time reproductive freedom has been on the ballot, the people of America voted for freedom.(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Now, the Florida Supreme Court has said an abortion measure can be on the Florida ballot there in November. How worried are you about that motivating the base?RUBIO: Well, what I'm more worried about is that no one ever asked the Vice President Kamala Harris or any Democrat what restrictions do they support. Which abortion should not be allowed? They never tell you.Should someone be allowed to do an abortion on the day of birth, after birth, nine months? Should pass the point of viability? Well, they will never tell you which abortions should not be allowed, okay?They're always demanding to know what exceptions do you support, but they never tell you which restrictions they would support. They are extremists. They believe abortion should be allowed at any time for any reason basically and paid for by taxpayers. No one ever asked Kamala Harris that. No one ever asked the Democrats that.So they should -- they should be -- someone should start asking them what their position is on that, and then we can sort of define and decide, all right, what are the policy options here.I don't -- I've never viewed abortion as a political issue. I believe it is a moral issue. It is the conflict between two rights, a woman's right to choose and an unborn human being's right to live.And I err on the side of life because without life, none of the other rights matter. There's no right to speech. There's no right to vote. There's no right to do anything if you're not alive.And we have to have laws that define how we protect human life. But these people will never tell you what the law -- what abortion should not be allowed. They are extremists. They are radical extremists.And it is journalistic malpractice for Kamala Harris to repeatedly be allowed to do interviews and never be asked -- Kamala Harris, what abortions should not be allowed in America? At which point is it too far and too bad? Never answers that, never.She's an extremist. They're extremists.BREAM: Well, I will say for Democrats who are willing to come on the show and have, we do have that conversation with them and I agree with you, it seems like they also have failed to coalesce around a message for where their limits are in many cases.Before you go, though, you're in Florida. You're spending time with President Trump. Everyone says you're on his VP short list, but that there may be a technical glitch with having two people from the same state when it comes down to an Electoral College vote.Would you leave the state of Florida or change your residency if you were asked to join the ticket?RUBIO: Well, first of all, the vice-presidential choice for Donald Trump is going to be made by one person, and that's Donald Trump, and all this other stuff is just speculation. And I get it, you know, political reporters have to cover political topics. The primary's over, the general's six months away, so they're going to speculate on the VP thing.Here's the good news, and I saw it this weekend. The amount of talent that we have in the Republican Party is extraordinary. He doesn't just have a bunch of choices for VP, he has a bunch of choices for cabinet. He's going to have an extraordinary group of talented people that can serve this country in multiple roles, and that's a decision he's going to have to make.And I would just say, forget leaving me aside for a moment. I think that before anyone decides to move from their state, you better make sure you move to a state where there's not some DA that makes a career after going after Republicans. Because what we're seeing all over the country right now is the weaponization of our criminal justice system, not just to go after Donald Trump, which is now well documented, right?You have a Biden-supporting judge, a Biden prosecutor in the most liberal county in America on ridiculous charges, and the rest of the world is watching that, saying, you know, this is the stuff that America used to sanction other countries for doing --BREAM: OK.RUBIO: -- what's happening here in America. But I think that that's something that we need to be focused on, because I do think that has an impact on people's thinking about getting into politics.BREAM: OK. So, if you do move, not to New York. That won't be your choice. We got that. But -- but if you decide --RUBIO: Yeah. That's a pretty good -- that's a pretty good guess on that one, that's for sure.BREAM: If you decide that you have anything to tell us about that, or if you, you know, want to consider your residency elsewhere, let us know. Senator, thank you.RUBIO: Thank you.BREAM: All right, joining me now from the House, Democratic Congressman Jim Himes, Ranking Member of the House Intel Committee.Congressman, great to have you with us. I want to start where I did with the senator on what's unfolding in Israel. I mean, Hamas taking credit for shelling that has caused Israeli casualties, closing an aid crossing. Was that the whole purpose? I mean, it doesn't sound like they are reliable negotiators or, you know, good faith partners in any of this trying to get the hostages home.REP. JIM HIMES (D-CT): Yeah, well, of course, they're not good faith negotiators. They're terrorists, right? And -- and, you know, they will do whatever they need to do to advance their own interests.Now, in any negotiation, particularly a negotiation like this, you know, people have interests, even if they are terrorists. And, obviously, Hamas has an interest in ceasing, at least temporarily, the obliteration of their military capability. So, you know, you never -- you never sound too optimistic about any negotiation in the Middle East.But, you know, if we can get, whatever it is, a temporary break in the fighting so that the hostages can be released -- that's the thing that never gets mentioned here -- that, I think, would be a good step in the right direction.And, Shannon, if you'll give me just one minute, you know, I work very closely with Marco Rubio. We're both on the Gang of Eight. I don't know that I've ever seen him quite as over-caffeinated this morning. But he said that you never asked Democrats on the topic of abortion where they should be baloney, malarkey.Shannon, as you know, prior to the Dobbs decision in the Supreme Court, Democrats in most of America supported the concept of Roe v. Wade. And the concept was that you could have an abortion up to the point of viability. And states could decide, you know, what that was.And so, you know, again, I'm not quite sure if Marco just had too much coffee this morning. But, you know, the notion that we're extremists on this topic is just madness.BREAM: But I have asked a number of Democrats, because there are multiple states in this country that do allow abortion until a due date. That's factual. And I've asked Democrats whether they're OK with that. And many of them have had a very hard time answering that question for me.HIMES: Yeah, but, Shannon, here's the thing, right? You know, if an abortion occurs prior to natural birth, it doesn't occur because mom says, oh, I changed my mind. It occurs because there is the rarest, the absolute rarest of medical events that puts the life of the mother in danger or the life of the child in danger.You know, to have Marco Rubio go on national television and say that Democrats are extremists that believe you should be able to kill a child, I mean, frankly, that's what's wrong with our politics. And you know that. And I know that.You know, again, those situations where a mother has carried a baby to term and something happens in the last week, that is the most horrendous of situations. And if a doctor says you're going to die if you deliver that, that is the most horrendous and, you know, personal of situations. But it's also vanishingly rare.And you know and I know, based on what the people of Kansas did in their plebiscite about -- about abortion, that in this country, most Americans believe, as most Democrats believe that, you know, this is a decision up to the point of viability that should be made by a woman and her doctor, not by a bunch of guys wearing ties and suits in national legislatures.BREAM: Well, I will say the Guttmacher Institute, which has been aligned with Planned Parenthood, so clearly not a pro-life organization. They document this and say there are actually thousands of late term abortions, third term or third trimester abortions every year. And so people do have to have a conversation about the fact that that does happen.HIMES: Yeah, that's right. And again, most of those late abortions are medically related. I mean, if -- if -- if you're -- if the idea is that there are women out there who carry a child for seven months and, you know, needless to say, I have not carried a child. But if you've carried a child for seven or eight months and the idea is that lots of women then say, oh, guess what? I don't want to do this. That's just not what happens. And OK, I don't -- I haven't actually looked at the Guttmacher numbers, thousands.Shannon, as you know, this is a country of some 330-340 million people. So, again, all I'm saying is that, you know, for Marco Rubio to say that nobody ever asks people, Democrats in particular, where they are on abortion, nonsense.Democrats are generally where the American people are, which is where the world was before the Dobbs decision that until the point of viability, this is a decision to be made between a woman and her doctor.BREAM: Well, we'll see, because states are now hammering this out. There is a patchwork that is very, very diverse across this country. But let me get back to the Middle East, because I want to make sure that we get you on this.There are a number of senators who are now worried about the fact that the administration seems to be, according to numerous reports, the -- considering the idea of bringing people here from Gaza. A number of senators who are worried about the guardrails on that have written to the president saying this, "With more than a third of Gazans supporting the Hamas militants, we are not confident that your administration can adequately vet this high-risk population for terrorist ties and sympathies before admitting them to the U.S."Now, this comes on the heels of an inspector general report from DHS saying they really blew it repeatedly with Afghan vets -- excuse me, vetting Afghan refugees, saying this, "DHS may have admitted or paroled individuals into the U.S. who pose a risk to national security and the safety of local communities. They admit there was a lot of trouble with doing this with the Afghan refugees." Are you confident you can tell the American people that people coming from Gaza will be appropriately vetted before they take up residence here?HIMES: Well, what I -- what I can tell you is that this is not a thing, right? The only way that people can apply for refugee status is if they go where they are, where they are, and begin a very lengthy process of vetting. And then once they're vetting and vetted in whatever location and they are, they are further vetted by DHS and the federal government and others, and then they are admitted.And while, you know, a number of Republican senators and over-caffeinated Florida senators may want to be selling an awful lot of fear right now, I would challenge you to come up with examples where refugees who have been vetted have come to this country and committed acts of terrorism. And the reason that's a very hard thing to do is because it hasn't happened, right? So, now, no process is perfect, but the point is it's not a thing, because there's no capacity in Gaza right now to vet people on the ground.And while we will continue to admit refugees from around the world, as is our international legal obligation, it is a very strong vetting process.Now, I understand lots of people have an interest in painting Joe Biden as weak and generating a lot of fear. But the reality is it's really, really hard to find examples of vetted refugees who have come to this country and committed an act of terrorism or even a crime.BREAM: No, no, no. I think it is fair to say that we've covered a number of cases where people have come here on paroles and vettings and have committed crimes. Now, you can quibble on the issue of terrorism, but DHS itself says we missed the mark on a lot of Afghan refugees.So it's up to them, and we wish them the best. The administration says no announcement on that yet, so we don't even know and have details on a potential program. Congressman, we appreciate your time. Thank you.HIMES: Thank you, Shannon.BREAM: Coming up, we're going to take you live to one of the universities rocked by anti-Israel protests, and then Virginia's Attorney General joins us live as protesters accuse Virginia State Police of going too far on UVA's campus where an encampment was shut down yesterday.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Dozens of protesters interrupting commencement at the University of Michigan Saturday. They were met with both boos and cheers from the audience, capping off a tumultuous week on college campuses across the nation.Fox News National Correspondent Matt Finn is live at NYU with the very latest there.Hello, Matt.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Shannon. Police dismantled an unlawful encampment at NYU here this week, also at Columbia here in the city. Same thing out west at UCLA, where the LA Times right now has a piece questioning if any of the other encampments are now operating off borrowed time.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Excuse me, I'm not going to be part of this.FINN (voice-over): In Washington Square Park, New York City. A Jewish man was surrounded by pro-Palestinian demonstrators until a police officer escorted him away.Inside Columbia University, police removing protesters who barricaded themselves in Hamilton Hall and defied the orders to vacate.Video shows the anti-Israel protesters initially smashing these glass doors to gain entry into the Ivy League school.At New York University, NYPD cleared an encampment and took 59 people into custody.Protesters at the Parsons School of Design battling with police trying to breach a barrier.And an encampment at Rutgers in New Jersey was also shut down.BEN, RUTGERS UNIVERSITY STUDENT: I've had friends and been called anti- Semitic slurs walking around campus. I'm part of a Jewish fraternity and our house has been egged multiple times. I've watched students walking in a kippah be pointed out and laughed at.FINN: In Los Angeles, intense moments as officers in white gear cleared a growing encampment at UCLA, where more than 200 people were arrested after a showdown with police.BILL BRATTON, FORMER NYPD COMMISSIONER: UCLA has a student body of 30,000 students, 30,000. And at the height of this demonstration, there were several hundred, including large numbers of outsiders who aren't even actually students. So let's keep it in context in some respect that this is not a huge movement.FINN: Shortly before the UCLA camp was cleared, the pro-Palestinian encampment was attacked by a massed group of counter-protesters.And at the University of Virginia, a large police presence arrives on campus to clear the encampment after days of unrest and chaos.(END VIDEOTAPE)FINN (on camera): Live here at NYU, it is very calm this morning. It was very calm all day yesterday as well, but it was a much different scene at the University of Virginia, where police arrested at least 25 people. Shannon.BREAM: Matt Finn, live in New York. Thank you, Matt.Joining me now, Virginia Attorney General Jason Miyares. Great to have you with us, sir.JASON MIYARES, VIRGINIA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Great to be with you.BREAM: So we have shown throughout the show a little bit of what happened at UVA yesterday. The protesters there say they had been singing, they had been reading poems, they had been there for days. And then suddenly, yesterday, the scenes that we're watching now on screen, one grad student said it was completely disproportionate, the response of the Virginia State Police there.Governor Youngkin has said that you all talked in advance about how to handle these issues and support law enforcement. So your response to those who feel like UVA's removal wasn't of a reaction yesterday?MIYARES: I think that's a good PR spin by those on the other side, but the reality is what you had at UVA were students that were warned repeatedly. They were violating both their student code of conduct, that it was an unlawful assembly. There was trespassing. There were outsiders that were there.And after repeated warnings, when in fact the university police chief at UVA tried to do a wellness check and make sure there weren't weapons, these individuals blocked and surrounded them. They had to retreat. That's when they asked for the state police to intervene.And one thing I want to just stress is Virginia is not New York. You have a very different governor. You have a very different attorney general. And we're not going to tolerate that.But when we had to send in the Virginia State Police, it meant unfortunately they were not dealing with our fentanyl crisis, our human trafficking issues that we have a focus on. They had to deal with these students that instead of acting like adults, they acted like coddled children. They were ignoring repeated, and I mean repeated, requests to disassemble. They weren't allowed to do what they were doing. And so they suffered the consequences.But what we're actually seeing as well, Shannon, and multiple locations and campuses, particularly we saw this at VCU, is we're receiving intelligence at outside agitators are starting to get involved in these campus protests.We saw that they are showing up with pallets of prefab wooden barriers. We saw this at VCU. We've seen folks that are not students show up in riot gear with bull horns to direct the protesters on how to flank our officers.We even see them taking water bottles, pouring half of it out, putting bear spray in the water bottles and throwing them at these officers. Basically using them as chemical agents to try to assault our officers.And so our message is, if you think you can get away with the assault and battery of an officer, if you think you can get away with threats of violence and acts of violence against those in law enforcement, I got to tell you, you're going to find out real quickly.Virginia is not New York or California. And we're going to hold you accountable.BREAM: All right. I want to make sure that I ask you about another issue that Virginia has been one of the strongest voices on. There are new regulations from the administration on Title IX. And things doing, you know, to do with investigating sexual assaults on campus, rights against discrimination, those kinds of things.Here is how Education Secretary Miguel Cardona described what they want to do with this new regulation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIGUEL CARDONA, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF EDUCATION: These regulations make crystal clear that everyone can access schools that are safe, welcoming and that respect their rights.No one should face bullying or discrimination just because of who they are or who they love. Sadly, this happens all too often.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: So, is Virginia going to refuse to comply with this new regulation? If so, why? Because does it go against the argument that the GOP is the party of law and order of respecting institutions, say the executive branch, for example?MIYARES: Well, first of all, these regulations don't go into place till August 1st. We've already joined Tennessee and several other states to get emergency and junk to (ph) relief on this.But this is a classic case of what the Biden administration does over and over again. They bypass Congress. They totally over-interpret their mandate or statutory mandate. And to interpret it in a way it's never been viewed before.This is a radical reinterpretation because they know they can't get this through Congress. And I know Heritage Foundation and others have studied, less than five percent of the new laws and regulations Americans have to live through every year are actually passed by Congress.They're passed by these unelected bodies that try to have a new novel interpretation to impose a real far left view on Americans.And in the response to that last quote there, listen, I've met with some of the students that have -- literally there are women that have shown these biological males show up in their locker rooms without warning that have to be sent on not just compete with them, but I talked to one female student who had to find a janitor's closet to change in a swimming competition. She felt utterly humiliated with no warning.And that's what we want to do. We're going to protect women's sports. I think Title IX is a bedrock principle of protecting women's sports and protecting women in the locker room.And I just think the Biden administration is a classic case of being so open-minded, your brain falls right out.Who in the right mind thinks we should have biological males in our women's locker rooms and on our sports teams right now competing against biological women?And so we're going == at every chance we get we're going to stand with our women and we're going to protect them in our women's sports.And I think this is a matter of commonsense not being very common in Washington these days.BREAM: Well, and to be clear, this Title IX change doesn't deal with athletics yet, but we are hearing the White House is considering that as well. So we'll track all of these changes.Attorney General, thank you for making time for us.MIYARES: Always a pleasure.BREAM: All right. Former President Trump back in court, his long-time aide, Hope Hicks, emotional as she testified in that New York criminal courtroom.Our panel is here to discuss the developments in the case and how it's impacting the race for the White House, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: The judge is highly conflicted. He should not be allowed to be the judge of this case. He is trying to make it as salacious as possible by allowing testimony that has nothing to do with the case. He wants to make it a salacious case, trying to hurt Trump, but it's having the opposite effect.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Well, that was former president Trump slamming the judge in his New York criminal trial. Judge Juan Merchan fined Trump $9,000 on Tuesday for violating a gag order, which bans him from publicly speaking witnesses, jurors, court officials, their families, if the remarks are intended to interfere with the case.Third week of Trump's trial concluding with emotional testimony from long- time Trump aide, Hope Hicks.Let's talk about it with our Sunday Group, Fox News contributor and "Townhall.com" editor, Katie Pavlich. Fox News contributor and former State Department spokesperson, Marie Harf. Legal commentator and Project 21 chairman, Horace Cooper. And Reuters White House correspondent, Jeff Mason.Welcome to all of you.Okay. So we've heard a lot. Let me just read you how "The New Times" describes this, there's a talk of a sex scandal with a porn star, a surreptitious recording of a future president, and the tearful testimony of a former confidant in the glare of the witness stand. The phrase falsifying businesses records, however, was not uttered to the jury during testimony. Not even once.So Jeff, we're getting a lot of salacious, but that final connection Bragg's going to have to make, they're not making it just yet.JEFF MASON, WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT, REUTERS: Well, yes, because that's what the trial is about. The trial is about the documentation and the trial is about recording.BREAM: Mm-hmm.MASON: How he recorded the payments and where that money went. But it is, right now, they're building a case, and they're building a case in a way that actually in some level is Donald Trumpian. I mean, it's like a reality TV show. They're painting the story, painting a picture of what the president did, allegedly, and filling in the blanks with salacious details.BREAM: They are.MASON: Yes.BREAM: And the one person's name, who keeps coming up, the witness we are all waiting for, is Michael Cohen.The headline from "The Washington Post" says, one thing is already clear at Trump's New York trial, nobody liked Michael Cohen.And yet, Katie, that is who the prosecution is building their case on. He's got to be the key to connecting all of this.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, and we've seen other legal experts make the argument that Donald Trump is simply taking Michael Cohen's advice. And how can you charge and convict somebody for taking advice from their attorneys?The Democrats, in general, have been hoping that a number of these trials and legal issues they have brought upon former president Donald Trump will help them on the campaign trail.There's actually a lot of people paying attention to this trial, according to polling. But when you ask the question about whether it will change your vote --BREAM: Mm-hmm.PAVLICH: -- the majority of people say it will not. And there's a good percentage of people who say it will encourage them to vote for President Trump. So that's not really working in their favor in terms of the politics here.BREAM: So to your point, Jonathan Turley says, OK, now, Cohen is going to come take the room and he's got to be the lynchman (ph) to this whole case says, he'll now make the pitch to the jury that they should put his former client in jail for following his legal advice. This would be difficult even for a competent and ethical lawyer. For Cohen, it is utter insanity. But Bragg is betting on a New York jury looking no further than the identity of the defendant to convict.Of course.HORACE COOPER, CHAIRMAN, PROJECT 21: This is a sad situation. Our criminal justice system is supposed to target people who have violated a law, not targeted people because of who they are.In this particular case, I think that the judge has found himself in a very difficult situation. He wants to have a gag order that most of us, who look at this, say is unconstitutional and overly broad.And yet, he does not want to leave the New York state criminal justice system. He is confident that the appellate courts, even the Supreme Court in the state of New York, are going to go along with what he does.But if he abuses the gag order, he runs the risk that a habeas petition will allow this into federal court.So he comes up with $1,000 fines for a billionaire to try to control him. It is a sign that even he understands that unlike D.C., unlike Florida, even unlike Georgia, there is a criminal justice system there where the appellate courts are watching and will enforce the law. That's not what we're seeing in New York.BREAM: Well, and in his order, handing down the fines, because now he's -- we're waiting for a ruling on the next set of allegations about the gag order.The judge seemed to hint that, like, maybe he'd be OK with jail time for President Trump.MARIE HARF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Look, if this were -- if any of us were on trial, and we were tweeting and talking about witnesses and judges and jurors the way Donald Trump was, we probably would have already been put in jail.Donald Trump is being given enormous leniency here because he's a political figure and because he's running for president.You know, Katie is right about a lot of the polling. There's another side of the polling though that I think is interesting on this.There are a lot of voters, particularly in the Republican primary, who said if he's convicted --BREAM: Mm-hmm.HARF: -- of something that they would not ultimately vote for him.BREAM: Or they at least consider changing their vote.HARF: Or they would consider changing their vote.And look, Democrats will tell you, this is not the case we necessarily adjudicated before the election.I think voters should have the opportunity to have the January 6 case, the Georgia case that talks about trying to overturn the last election. We want voters to have all of that information before they go to the polls in November. And so this is a complicated caseBut what's so interesting, Shannon, is no one is saying that the facts didn't happen, that he didn't pay off a porn star because he had no care with her.BREAM: The lesson --HARF: The question is --PAVLICH: Right.HARF: The question is -- so -- but that goes to a political question, right? That this reminds voters of the chaos of the Trump presidency. This reminds voters of the things that he was focused on.At the end of the day, it may not be criminal. We'll see. But it reminds --BREAM: Mm-hmm.HARF: -- voters that this is the kind of man they put in the Oval Office. And do they really want to do that again? Do we want four more years of this? I don't know.COOPER: But is that the job of our criminal justice system to remind the American people?BREAM: It's a separate question.HARF: They're separate questions.BREAM: A separate question.HARF: He's been indicted on over 80 criminal charges in a variety of cases because there was enough evidence to do so. That's the job of the criminal justice system.BREAM: And now it's to the jury.PAVLICH: Yes.BREAM: So we will stand by. But a lot more to come on the witness stand there before we get that far.OK. Panel, stick around.Up next, the Biden administration makes moves on marijuana and student loans. Will the changes help him woo back the youth vote where polling shows he's got a problem? We'll debate after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): I've seen consequences of the outdated laws and the benefits of commonsense cannabis regulation at the state level. Well, it's time for the - for the Congress to follow suit.SEN. TOMMY TUBERVILLE (R-AL): He's obviously pandered for votes. And, you know, that's the way the Democrats do it.This election year you're going to have to hear all kind of wild ideas from the Democrats.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: OK, so Senate Democrats, you've got Senate majority there, Chuck Schumer, GOP Senator Tommy Tuberville talking about Democrats' move to reclassify marijuana.We're back with the panel.And this follows just days after the DOJ is talking about recommending declassify or downgrading it as well."The Washington Post" said this, Attorney General Merrick Garland's announcement Tuesday that he was rescheduling marijuana under federal law was just the latest turn in what Biden's advisors see as a key political strategy, along with issues such as student loan relief, which we'll get to, and climate policy, to unlock votes this fall.Maria - Marie, is this just political pandering?HARF: No, I don't think it is. It may be helpful politically. But one thing you hear from Biden advisors all the time is that he's not getting credit for any of this. That his - his numbers among young voters are not where they need to be to win as a Democrat. He's done student loan - we'll talk about that later - but he's done some of these issues and he's not getting credit for it.I actually think they believe this is good policy, in part because it means there would be additional research. Research is much easier to do if they reclassify marijuana. We can learn more about it. This is something that Democrats have wanted to do for a long time and something that a large majority of Americans across the political spectrum, not just Democrats, support. This is one of those issue that's really popular, including among young people, again, of all political persuasions.BREAM: Well, to your point about the trouble with the youth vote, CNN says this, "a recent CNN poll shows Biden is trailing Trump by a shocking 11 points among young people. In a close election where small parts of the electorate in swing states will determine the outcome, a depressed youth vote could be devastating."Horace, does the pot stuff get them back of the train - on the Biden train?COOPER: I am very, very disappointed at a serious issue like this is being handled as merely a political issue. Now I believe that in a self- government system, like we have, that we do take a lot of the public policy issues to the American people.What we've already witnessed with pot legalization has been an abysmal disaster. The least among us are the ones most likely to be harmed. And for this president to refuse to go to Congress and get an up or down vote on this and get everybody on the record the way our founders intended is an example of how he would rather ignore the evidence, use his executive power, put this in place and then let the working class, mini minorities in the inner city, suffer the very serious and significant consequences of legalization.BREAM: Well, he's also using executive power when it comes to student loan forgiveness. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget says all told all these different programs he's doing, they estimate the cancellation could be up to $1.4 trillion. Through executive action they say this, most of these student debt cancellation policies have not only been costly but also inflationary, poorly targeted, counter to the admission of lowering college costs and not financially justified.So, Katie, a lot of young people say, though, it's not trickling to them. Some of this is for longer term borrowers, that kind of thing. But they see the headlines about student loans and that's attractive.PAVLICH: I think there's a lot of young people who look at what's being offered to them as a little bit offensive. You know, marijuana legalization. Some people like the student loan reallocation. It's not a forgiveness. It's simply taking money that people voluntarily took out and putting it onto taxpayers. Sixty-three percent of the country does not have a college degree, not to mention multiple degrees.COOPER: Yes.PAVLICH: And so this is something that the working class has to pay for.And back to the marijuana legalization and reclassification, it would be the biggest change in 50 years. But again the White House has a credibility problem on this issue. The person out and talking about this traveling around as Vice President Kamala Harris, who, during her time as attorney general of California, put a lot of young people in jail, particularly a lot of minority young men in jail, over this issue and now, all of a sudden, they want to use this as an election year determination to try and win over these voters.BREAM: Jeff, how worried is the White House about that youth vote attrition over to Trump?MASON: Well, I think they're really worried. I mean I see that in how defensive they are about the campus protests. I've heard from aides just sort of an effort to kind of dismiss the protests in a way that I think shows defensiveness and shows that they're actually really worried.And you saw, of course, and you played this earlier, the president coming out and speaking about the protests this week. There's a reason that all of these issues - that we're talking about all of these issues. They have a problem with the youth vote and they needed it. They absolutely need it to beat president - former President Trump in November.BREAM: Well, David Brooks has got a very interesting read in "The New York Times" also about how the protests actually could, you know, inure (ph) to the benefit of President Trump because of the way that it kind of -- Democrat - it shows Democrats as the most educated elites now and that Republicans are the working party folks at least in his estimation.PAVLICH: A bit chaotic as well.MASON: And a big shift.BREAM: So - yes, big shift.PAVLICH: Yes.BREAM: OK, panel, thank you very much. We'll see you next Sunday.Getting the inside scoop on the life of legendary broadcaster Barbara Walters. How she broke the rules, opening opportunities for other women. Author Susan Page's fascinating new book is full of stories and scandals you will not believe. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Barbara Walters's legacy as a pioneer for women in journalism lives on about a year and a half after her passing. I sat down with "USA Today" Washington bureau chief Susan Page to discuss her new book "Rulebreaker" on the life and work of Barbara Walters. It is this week's Sunday special.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BREAM: What I thought was so interesting and I found it so hard to believe, among many things in the book, was that even towards the end she felt like she was always auditioning. That was kind of the idea that she never really had made it, that she was going to lose her entire career at some point, even though she had been a groundbreaker and, as you say, a rule breaker in so many different ways.BARBARA WALTERS (May 5, 2009): I always felt that I was an outsider. I always felt I didn't belong. And this maybe was a way of being accepted.SUSAN PAGE, AUTHOR, "RULEBREAKER": She got fame, she got fortune, she never got contentment. She never felt like anything was enough. And she never stopped competing for big interviews.BREAM: Right. And she had some of the biggest. I mean we think about Monica Lewinsky when the entire world was waiting to find out who this young woman was. And you hear all the background negotiation on how she got to that and how it broke all these ratings records. She interviewed world leaders. Had controversial relationships with some of them. And not only would - would beat out other correspondents out there, but even within her own network. She would go around people and get interviews. I mean she was cutthroat in some ways.PAGE: Yes, her rivalry with Diane Sawyer in particular is the stuff of legend. And, you know, the thing about Barbara Walters is, she did more interviews with big newsmakers that anyone had ever done before or since. And not just presidents and prime ministers, but Hollywood stars and notorious murderers. She found them all interesting, all of their stories worth telling.BREAM: I found it interesting too this relationship that she had with Roy Cohn. I mean such a controversial figure. But what a fascinating bond between those two.PAGE: You know, they met when she was 25 years old. They became lifelong friends. They were friends longer than any of her marriages lasted. He proposed to her over and over again, although he was a closeted gay man at the time, and he was - he was helpful to her. When her father got in trouble, he got a warrant to kind of disappearing in New York. Roy Cohn was famous for his ability to work his connections. And when she wanted to adopt a baby, he facilitated that private arrangement. She paid him back too when - at the end of his life, when he was facing disbarment procedures, she was one of the few people willing to go testify on his behalf.BREAM: And so much of - you reference her father. And so much I think of understanding someone is about knowing where they came from. And she had these really complicated relationships, as many people do, with her immediate family. And the fact that she grew up sort of in the nightclub scene, because that's what her dad was doing, it's a really wild ride and gives you a better picture of why she turned out the way she did.PAGE: And why she was so driven. You know, her father attempted suicide when she was 28 years old. And at the time she had just ended her first marriage. She didn't have a serious job. When he tried to do that, when he had tried to - tried to commit suicide, she suddenly felt she was going to be responsible to support him and her unhappy mother and her special needs sister. And that's what launched her on the path that made her the figure we all know today as Barbara Walters.BREAM: And what I love too is that along the way she had so many people and circumstances that would have told her, no, you're not the right person for this. You're never going to do this. And yet she ended up breaking so many barriers in the process.PAGE: You know, we call her the rulebreaker in the title. She really ignored the rules. She pretended she couldn't see the rules. They couldn't possibly apply to her. So at the time, a woman couldn't be the co-anchor of a morning show. She just plowed ahead and became the first woman co-anchor of a morning show, the "Today" show.The rule was, no woman could possibly be the anchor of the evening news. They would never have the kind of authority. But she got that prize too.WALTERS (October 28, 2013): I have the distinction of being the first female network newscaster. But I was a failure. And it was a terrible period in my life. It was a very tough time and it's taken a long time before a woman is accepted on a network.BREAM: Well, I'm thankful for her making all of the inroads she did in business where, you know, for so many of us we didn't even have to ask whether things were possible because she'd already made them possible.It is a fascinating read. I promise readers you will not be able to put it down. Congratulations, Susan.PAGE: Thank you, Shannon.(END VIDEOTAPE)BREAM: A definite page turner.And, by the way, a quick note, my podcast "Livin' the Bream" drops this afternoon. This week I sat down with award-winning singer, songwriter, author and storyteller Matthew West. He's got a brand-new book out aimed at helping you to write your own story. Wherever you like to get your podcasts, check it out.That is it for us today. Thanks for joining us. I'm Shannon Bream. Have a wonderful week. We'll see you back here for our next FOX NEWS SUNDAY.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)