BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Democrats are urging President Biden to take executive action on the border crisis. We just heard that. We'll bring that to you. Remember if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. As always, thank you for joining us. Losing the lawfare battle. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.All right, faking visceral, even sexual excitement is something talented actors do well.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MEG RYAN, ACTRESS: Most women at one time or another have faked it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Or they have an affair with me.RYAN: How do you know?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because I know.RYAN: Yes, yes. Oh, God.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'll have what she's having.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right, last night when describing Stormy Daniels' appearance in the courtroom, the only thing MSNBC's Larry O'Donnell didn't do was bang on the counter and moan like Meg Ryan. But the same message, yes, you got it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, MSNBC ANCHOR: Well, the excitement and anticipation in the room hit a new high at 10:32 AM. She entered wearing all black as if on her way to a funeral. The loose fitting plain black clothing draping from her shoulders to her toes suggested the modesty of a nun. The makeup was minimal. The way she and the other moms in her neighborhood might look when shopping at the local grocery store. The long blonde hair held up with a clip at the back of her head.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. Is Stormy bit with the force dramatic pauses and the romance novel quality writing is only one of countless ways that the media have tried to whip up this excitement, orgasmic excitement against this dog of a case. A former porn star is now their Trump slayer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANNY CEVALLOS, MSNBC LEGAL ANALYST: They essentially got in character evidence about how slimy Donald Trump is, who can unring the bell in their mind of Donald Trump waiting till she comes out of the bathroom and plopping on the bed in his boxers, who can get -- him -- the image of him answering the door in his satin jam jams, out of their mind. They can't do that. So, this was very effective.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Sounds like he's the one who can't get it out of his mind. That's amazing. Notice that dimwit even realize that he's applauding as a member of the bar on unethical trial practice. But again, standards of relevance, prejudicial testimony, conflicts of interest, those are out the window and have been since day one. The main players for the prosecution and Judge Merchan seem willing to sacrifice the integrity of the entire New York judicial system, if there's even a scintilla of a chance that they can get a conviction and the mugshot that they fantasized about all these months.But thankfully, fair-minded Americans, they're seeing this for what it is. It's a process designed to wound Trump to keep him off the trail and embarrass him personally. But it backfired. And yesterday, the porn princess ended up embarrassing both the prosecution and herself.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELIE HONIG, CNN SENIOR LEGAL ANALYST: The cross exam, boy, her responses were disastrous. I mean, do you hate Donald Trump? Yes, of course she does. That's a big deal. When the witness hates the person, whose liberty is at stake, that's a big damn deal. And she's putting out tweets fantasizing about him being in jail, that really undermines the credibility.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And speaking of cratering credibility by allowing a totally irrelevant but sorted witness to blather on about her rendezvous with Trump, Judge Merchan may very well have tainted the jury pool.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN TURLEY, GWU LAW PROFESSOR: What was baffling is that the judge created this dumpster fire that went off in his courtroom. It was the defense that said there is no reason for this witness. She's not material to the case. The details of their alleged tryst doesn't have any bearing on the crime. The NDA is not in being contested.The question is, how it was denoted as a legal expense. So, the testimony was entirely irrelevant.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, this is the point the Angle made last night. Why did Judge Merchan, again, he's not biased. He's not politically tainted himself. Why did he allow this? Well, I'll let you stew on that. But this is why choosing lawfare strategy, is this was a loser in the first place. A judge isn't compelled to set a trial schedule right to best facilitate one party's election hopes and late yesterday that very special prosecutor Jack Smith learned that Judge Aileen Cannon is postponing the classified docs case indefinitely.Of course, it couldn't begin on May 20th, as it was originally scheduled, because the Manhattan case probably won't even be wrapped by them. And she has other cases already on her docket. That's a fact that escapes the puny minds of the people criticizing this. But of course, the pundi-crats, they're melting down.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I continue to be disappointed by Aileen Cannon and her execution of the role of federal jurist here,UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There is no excuse for what this judge has done. I do think it's a mix of incompetence and bias.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC ANCHOR: You have the most important case, and it's where the judge is going to make sure it never sees the light of day.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, that's not what she said, Joe. It's time to sign up for some CLE classes, buddy. That's continuing legal education. Now, one-by- one, the cases that they thought was substitute for an actual Biden campaign. Well, those cases are collapsing. And there's even a chance that a higher court could take the load off Fani, oh, Fani.The Georgia Court of Appeals has agreed to review Trump's bid to disqualify Fani Willis, two months after the motion was rejected by that Judge Scott McAfee. Well, that translates into potentially more delays of her fraudulent case. Her relationship with Nathan Wade may be on ice, but her love affair with herself, well, that's still going strong.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS (D), FULTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY: People keep wondering, how does she keep getting back up to do her job? And why does she even want to get back up to do the job? Fulton County does deserve me as their D.A.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: How does she keep going? It's a miracle. A year ago, Democrats and their press apparatchiks misled their viewers into Trump -- into believing that Trump would be paralyzed and unable to function because of this web of legal cases that would eventually overwhelm him and then sway the public back to Biden, even if the economy was in the dumper.Well, they thought that they could hide Biden's decrepit physique, his depleted mind and his failing policies. But it's not working. Now they've just devolved into a sputtering mess.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Everything you care about guys is on the line in Donald Trump's conduct in the Mar-a-Lago documents case. That court will -- that trial will not happen.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Bottom line is I don't think between now and the election that this case, which is the strongest case and is incredibly serious to this nation's national security is going to see the light of day because of this judge doing the wrong thing.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What does the Biden campaign effectively are they able to do? Are they able to make something out of this case that's not going to be heard in a court of law?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: How many therapy dogs do they need to have -- send a whole bunch. I must feel sorry for them, then I stopped when I say heck no, because they could have demanded a campaign on the issues that matter most to Americans. But they did not. Instead, they chose to go along with what ultimately is a subversion of the normal election process by this cynical, deeply American path of this effort to jail a political nemesis. That was a terrible gamble and will turn out to be a very costly bet. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Missouri Senator Eric Schmitt. Senator, it's great to see you tonight. The Democrats plan to drag poor old Biden across the finish line in November seems to be at least with this lawfare angle falling apart. Is there still vulnerability for former President Trump in this current case?SEN. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): No, I think you see from a legal perspective, Laura, all these cases for slightly different reasons are collapsing. But the one thing they do have in common is that they were all brought as an effort to interfere with the election, to try to throw their chief political opponent, President Trump, in jail for the rest of his life. I mean, this is -- I mean, really, we've never seen anything like this in this country. This is Soviet style justice, which is like show me the man, I'll show you the crime, that was the basis for all these actions.But from a political perspective, I think these cases honestly have added jet fuel to President Trump's campaign. The American people see this, they're going to reject this. This is not how they want to see this country and legal system devolved, but there's no rule. There's no norm. There's no law that the Democrats will bulldoze to, quote, unquote, get Trump.And so, I think he's going to come out ahead on this. The American people aren't going to tolerate this sort of willful effort to subvert the legal system to try to get their political Holman in prison. I mean it's totally nuts that we're even talking about it in this way.INGRAHAM: But then there is the other star witness, Senator, and his name is Michael Cohen. Now, this was last night on CNN, and you could kind of sense that, that what happened with Stormy on the stand. They almost think that same thing is going to happen with Cohen. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDERSON COOPER, CNN HOST: Do you think the defense will ask Michael Cohen, do you hate Donald Trump.HONIG: Oh, my goodness, hates not the right word. I mean, it's his entire livelihood and he's going to embrace this. I mean, some poor intern on the defense team is probably listening to every podcast this guy has ever done, every TikTok he's ever done. It is over-the-top. I've never seen anything like the level of personal hatred and bias that Michael Cohen will have.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, so it becomes a personal and a political vendetta against Trump, if that's the case, does it not, Senator?SCHMITT: Absolutely. And these witnesses are all incredibly impeachable while they're on the stand. They've already been outed as liars in many instances, including Michael Cohen. So, I think again, they haven't proven anything as relates to the case. This is supposed to be a business records case, right? The other cases were brought by Jack Smith is sort of handpicked henchmen of the Biden DOJ, all of them again, the thing they have in common was all meant to sort of get Donald Trump off his game.But I'm telling you, he's on his game right now, the American people see it. And I think he's going to -- look, if they actually somehow whether it's him violating some gag order, actually tried to throw him in jail. That video goes viral, and I think he wins in a landslide. The American people aren't going to accept this.This is clearly what it was intended for, which was again to interfere in this election. And I think we just have to be -- have the courage to stand up and say it, because that's what it is. And they're losing their minds, Trump derangement syndrome is real, Laura, there is therapy for it, but you're not supposed to use the legal system for it.INGRAHAM: Senator, the funniest thing of many funny things that occurred today on cable news was when I actually heard a Democrat on another network, complaining that Trump wasn't doing a rally today. I kid you not. It was like, well, he said he needed time to campaign and he's at Mar-a- Lago and he's not getting around. He's damned if he does, and he's damned if he doesn't, like they say does to me rallies. Then they're saying he's not doing enough rallies, now they want him to do.I think they're just running out of -- they're grasping at straws. And, you know, the paper straws don't last very long.SCHMITT: That's right. And I think we've got to be prepared as we get closer to the election as President Trump is winning in all these polls and all the swing states that all they have left, Laura, is this kind of again, Banana Republic style legal process, where they try to throw their chief political opponent in jail and also fear. I mean, when we get to October, the things they're going to say about President Trump's desire to destroy democracy, they're doing all of it.They had a censorship enterprise. They're trying to jail an opponent, they're abusing the legal system, all the things that they claim are going to happen if President Trump gets back into office, they're doing it now. And I think as he said, his retribution will be victory, and the American people are going to come out ahead.INGRAHAM: There's no reason he should testify in this trial. Don't you agree? Absolutely, no reason.SCHMITT: Yes, no reason at all. I mean, this is again, these are all -- these are all cases that are made up by you know, the D.A. in this case is bootstrapping a crime that would -- that didn't happen --INGRAHAM: That's bogus, we all know it.SCHMITT: -- and that the Feds passed on. All of these again, for -- right, for different reasons, they're all built on a house of cards, and they're all coming tumbling down before our very eyes, which is a good thing.INGRAHAM: All right, Senator Schmitt, great to see you. All right. When you think of Bidenomics, do you think of success? What? No. Well, Biden says you're wrong unless you do. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Laken Riley suspected killer illegal alien Jose Ibarra was just indicted. And her murder isn't the only thing he's charged with. Fox News' Senior National Correspondent Kevin Corke is standing by with all the details. Kevin?KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Laura. Illegal alien Jose Ibarra lived in an apartment building that sits on the edge of the on-campus park where Laken Riley had been running, he allegedly murdered the aspiring nurse and what police called a crime of opportunity. And as you point out tonight, a Georgia grand jury has indicted the murder suspect on 10 counts including malice murder, kidnapping with bodily injury, aggravated assault with intent to rape, aggravated battery, tampering with evidence and being a peeping Tom (ph).Ibarra accused of hitting Laken on the head and, quote, asphyxiating her in a manner unknown to jurors that according to the indictment. What's more, he's accused Laura of peeping on a University of Georgia staff member on the very same day he allegedly killed Laken Riley.Now sources with ICE and DHS tell Fox News tonight. The 26-year-old illegal alien crossed our border through the El Paso, Texas sector back in September of 2022. And then by Biden administration policy, he was released into the U.S. via parole, Laura.INGRAHAM: Unbelievable. Kevin, thank you so much.CORKE: You bet.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm not better off today than I was four years ago. I would say that the economy is definitely worse than it was.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think it's scary as young adults who are preparing to enter the real world like how are we going to pay off our student loans? How are we eventually going to buy a house? I think the state of the country is really scary.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: On a scale of one to 10, how would you rate President Biden's presidency?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Zero.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, I would say one.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Probably a one.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would say like a two.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, Joe Biden thinks those folks are wrong. In fact, he says, everything is looking pretty good.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIN BURNETT, CNN ANCHOR: The cost of buying a home in the United States is double what it was when you look at your monthly costs from before the pandemic. Real income, when you account for inflation, is actually down since you took office. Economic growth last week, far short of expectations. Consumer confidence, maybe no surprise, is near a two-year low. With less than six months to go to Election Day. Are you worried that you're running out of time to turn that around?JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We've already turned around. Look, at the Michigan survey, for 65 percent of American people think they're in good shape economically, I think the nation's not in good shape, but they're personally in good shape. The polling data has been wrong all along, the idea that we're in a situation where things are so bad that. The folks, I mean, we've created more jobs.When I started this administration, people were saying we are going to be a collapsing economy. We have the strongest economy in the world. Let me say it again, in the world.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: In the world. Joining us now, Byron York, Chief Political Correspondent for The Washington Examiner; Jason Chaffetz, former Utah congressman, both Fox News Contributors. All right, Byron, let's start with you. He also said apparently that Trump never succeeded at creating jobs. And I've -- I mean, he has never failed. What's the truth-o-meter saying?BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think the truth-o-meter is off the scale on false, because obviously Trump created a whole lot of jobs. We all know what happened in 2020 with the pandemic, but Trump's economic record before that was quite good.The bigger problem that Biden has is, you can't talk up the economy if people are feeling pain in their personal lives. They hear him talk and they say that is not what I'm seeing when I go to the grocery store, and we've been trying to buy a house and it's not working. You can't talk up the economy when it disagrees with people's own perceptions.INGRAHAM: Jason, but they keep doubling down on this failed strategy. And for the life of me, I can't really figure out why I mean, the lawfare, as we said, in the Angle is collapsing. The abortion issue, it doesn't have the same punches it had, it looks like in the midterms. And now this, there's nothing else.JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: He can't admit that it's wrong. Well, he can't admit that it's wrong, because he has no -- he has no plan. What is his plan to tackle inflation? He lied in that interview. By the way, I think Erin Burnett actually did a decent job and a good job on that -- at that interview.He said that he inherited an inflation rate of 9 percent. That's not true. Donald Trump's inflation rate all four years was less than 3 percent, many times less than 2 percent. Joe Biden is the one that's driven this and when people are paying $18.50 like I did to go to Five Guys to get a double cheeseburger and fries, they know the economy is not working and Joe Biden has no solutions to fix it.INGRAHAM: I'm hungry. Thank you, Jason, for that. Byron, now Biden is going to admit that the economy has some problems. But of course, it's not his fault. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: People have a right to be concerned. Ordinary people, the idea that you bounce a check, and you get a $30 fee for bouncing the check, might change that. You can't charge more than eight bucks, that or your credit card, your late payment $35. I mean, there's corporate greed going on out there. And it's got to be dealt with.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Byron, corporate greed, junk fees, junk fees, corporate greed, you can do a rap song that's kind of -- kind of almost a rhyming thing going on there. Is that going to work?YORK: They just say that all the time. And actually, it will not actually work. And you know, there's a number of interesting things going on. We had an article in Politico today about remember, in the first years of the Biden administration, Democrats were rushing to pass as much spending as they could, trillions and trillions of dollars to use this sort of post- pandemic momentum to keep levels of spending at enormously high levels.And now the Biden administration has realized, they haven't been able to physically spin all of that money, and they're dashing to get it out of the door before the election comes. And the problem, of course, is that so much of it fueled, the inflation rate is hurting people now. So, I think that gives Republicans a lot of things to talk about in the campaign.INGRAHAM: All right. Well, besides Bidenomics, Jason, probably the worst thing of all the bad things Biden said in this interview was worse than anything people accused Donald Trump of saying in that what he said a perfect phone call was Zelenskyy. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Civilians have been killed in Gaza as a consequence of those bombs and other ways in which they go after population centers. I made it clear that if they go into Rafah, they haven't gone into Rafah yet. If they go into Rafah, I'm not supplying the weapons that have been used historically to deal with Rafah, to deal with the cities, to deal with that problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Jason, prioritizing Dearborn, Michigan in the voters there over American hostages and Israeli hostages.CHAFFETZ: Yes, he's more afraid of Ilhan Omar than the Jewish state -- the state of Israel actually winning the war on terror. The Israelis have been attacked by Iran, by Hezbollah, by Hamas. And now that they're winning, that they're actually going and taking the attack to the Israeli -- to the terrorists. Joe Biden doesn't want them to be successful.If you want to win a war, you go with everything. You fight with everything. And why doesn't he go out and say, hey, Hamas, you want to get the pain away from you, why don't you give us back our hostages? You never hear the President talking about our hostages.INGRAHAM: You bet. But he does talk to his campaign staff, Byron, about what's happening with the Muslim vote, and then perhaps a little bit of the youth vote, but they impeach Donald Trump over that phone call. What about this? I mean, he's just -- he's just blatant about it, essentially.YORK: Yes, well, we'll cut off the weapons if you don't want to -- don't do what I want. Now, I do think we're seeing this bizarre sort of both sides- ism from Biden here, where literally on one day --INGRAHAM: Holocaust Remembrance Day.YORK: -- he says the United States commitment yesterday, the United States commitment to Israel is ironclad. And then the next day, he gives his explanation for why he is not going to supply certain weapons to them that have been supplied in the past. And it's because of a specific military strategy that Israel is pursuing now. So, he's trying to be on both sides of this. You're right about Michigan. But there's a war going on here. This is not a debate about some issues. This is an actual shooting war. And you can see on both sides,INGRAHAM: Yes, he's using weapons as a political weapon that they tried to impeach Trump or did impeached Trump for this. I mean, it's just completely insane. Byron, Jason, thank you both very much. All right, Governor Hair gel has a lot to answer for in his state, but he's bragging, and a California Sheriff sets him straight, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Governors are always, always looking for bragging rights, and when your state is losing taxpayers because of high taxes and high crime, you've got to get creative with your talking points.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: So, I'm up here on the iconic Golden Gate Bridge, a testament to America's greatness, California's greatness, and we couldn't be more proud to announce today record-breaking tourism numbers in the state of California. If you haven't had the chance to see the magnificence, the beauty of our great state, it's time to visit California.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Is he running the state or a travel agency? For a second, I thought it was Joe Biden, it kind of looked like him, or was that on purpose? Like, we already know how beautiful California is, what we're horrified about is how the left has ruined the state for working people.The middle class, they're just trying to go to work, get home safely. Like this bus driver in South L.A.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Get the (BLEEP) off, get the (BLEEP) off, get the (BLEEP) off. Get off. Get off.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And just minutes from where Gavin shot his slick video package, in San Francisco's Tenderloin District, children need volunteers to escort them to and from school in order to avoid a sea of homeless, often psychotic drug addicts.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We have a lot of things in this neighborhood that are not safe. We have a lot of drug dealing. We have a lot of drug use.UNKNOWN: When the kids come from school, we just want to escort them from point A to B safely and sound. We don't want no, like, homeless people harassing kids or harassing women or teachers.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's a disgrace. I guess that didn't make the Newsom highlight reel from Golden Gate Bridge. And if you're able to hopscotch around the hypodermic needles and the human feces, you still run the risk of getting sick from whatever illness the unscreened migrants that they welcome into California are bringing into the state, including tuberculosis.And like most T.O.T.L.'s, that's typical out-of-touch liberals, Gavin thinks California just suffers from bad P.R. It's all just a comms problem. Well, Biden has the same approach. It doesn't work for him and it's not going to work for Newsom. Change course or you'll see the exodus worsen.And of all the failures of California's woke left, what they've done to law enforcement in that state is among the worst. And the situation in Merced County is growing desperate.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We're talking about no to cleaning up homeless encampments. We're talking about no to taking reports for theft. We're talking about no to taking reports for you getting beat up.UNKNOWN: Our correctional bureau are understaffed and overworked. Our patrol deputies are understaffed and overworked. Our communication center with the dispatchers, it could be to the point when you dial 911, we got nobody to answer it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me is the man you just saw, Merced County Sheriff Vern Warnke. Sheriff, your county's homicide rate, I believe, topped the entire state back in 2022. But you have disastrously low levels of police retention and recruitment. Tell us the chief reason that is happening.SHERIFF VERN WARNKE, MERCED COUNTY, CALIFORNIA: Pay and benefits. A lot of folks who want -- in history have wanted to be law enforcement. We're getting at least decent pay and benefits. And now it's -- a lot of it, I think, is media-driven. And I heard you earlier with the woke folks.You've got to remember, you've got to pay for law enforcement. And this is one career field where we can't shut the doors. We've got to keep responding. And it's to the point where myself, along with administrators, are taking calls. I was out on one today with a crazy lady trying to break into a house.It's just got to come to an end. And we've got to have our local governments realize that law enforcement is expensive, but they're going to have to pay for it. They're going to have to start saying no to some of these other government agencies and pay for law enforcement.You know, I've been here, this September will be 45 years, so I've got a couple miles under my belt when I'm talking about this. And the way the attitude is, is that -- it's like this will eventually right itself. Well, it won't unless they actively do something.And I'm not the only sheriff suffering. We've got 58 counties now. I bet we have 56 of them are hurting. So, this is not good.INGRAHAM: Sheriff, how much of this is driven also by the vilification, the demonization of law enforcement? And I think it's a very small minority of people who are doing that. But that's scary when you're out there and you think there's limited respect, if any respect for law enforcement in certain communities.And if you make a judgment call and the spur of the moment with your best experience, you could find yourself, you know, in jail yourself because of this atmosphere.WARNKE: Exactly. We've got a few district attorneys in this state that I refuse to send any of my deputies to for mutual aid because of that very thing. They got to realize -- and it is the vilification, the media central, and it's mostly our left media that wants to come in. And they want to highlight reels to roll and they don't give the full story.And when they make the cops out to be the bad guys, it's horrifying because we've got a lot of young people that could make a great career in law enforcement and they don't want to put up with it. It's like running for office for anything. They're going to dig deep in that. It just -- they don't want their faces out there attached with it.INGRAHAM: Yeah. People decide it's just not worth it. But when I grew up, it was one of the jobs everyone wanted to have as a kid. Firefighter, police officer, nurse, doctor, those were the top of the top, and they should be, all of them. Sheriff Warnke, thank you very much.All right. Money for illegals and free abortions. Well, those are just some of the shocking demands from one teacher's union. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We've encouraged them to come to the table with us, discuss what we need while they're discussing what they need.See, I told the truth when I said I wanted to engage. We can engage. And the price of engagement is the schools, are the schools Chicago students deserve.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Translation. The Chicago teachers' union now wants an extra $50 billion. For what? More great results. Well, according to leak documents obtained by Fox, the demands read like a liberal fever dream.The union's asking for, among other things, that unused school facilities be transitioned to housing for the so-called newcomers, a.k.a. illegal aliens. They also want police free schools. They want complementary abortions for union members, and annual training on LGBTQ-plus issues. Oh, and at least a 9 percent raise every year for the next four years.Now, I know what you're thinking. OK, well, do they deserve all this? Well, you can't argue with these numbers. Just 16 percent of Chicago eighth graders are proficient in math. Only 21 percent are proficient in reading. So, who in his right mind produces these types of numbers then has the gall to pat himself on the back and demand a raise and free abortions? Well, Chicago families deserve a heck of a lot better.As predictably depressing the results are in states like deep blue Illinois, we have great news in the education reform arena coming out of its next-door neighbor, Iowa.Joining me now is its governor, Kim Reynolds, who's been a pioneer in leading the education reform movement. Governor, you're really providing, and my friend Lee Habib goes on and on about what you've done in this state and others who live in Iowa, this monopoly that the teachers' unions have had on education across this country. You've proven in Iowa that that doesn't have to be the case. Tell us how it should work.GOVERNOR KIM REYNOLDS (R-IA): Oh, absolutely. This is a boondoggle that needs to stop. It's unconscionable. When you listen to the list of demands, nowhere in that do they talk about the kids improving their scores, improving their outcomes. We are doing just the opposite in Iowa. We are empowering parents to have a choice in their child's education.You know, whether it's open enrollment, whether it's charter schools, or whether it's education savings accounts, we are hitting the mark, but we're also making sure that our public schools are successful as well.And we have had a great launch. We launched last year the boldest school choice program in the country. Laura, I am proud to say that now 17 states offer educational savings accounts. We've had nine states come on board. It is remarkable. And they have doubled down.I mean, it started with COVID. Just the hysteria that wasn't based on science. Keeping students out of a classroom for two years is unconscionable. Learning loss, it will never be recuperated. I mean, and then there was the mask mandates, the vaccine mandates.I mean, the list, it was a moving target. Strikes, indoctrination. It is disgusting. They need to stand up, push back. You've got great examples like Iowa and Republican-led states across this country that are showing how it can be done.INGRAHAM: Yeah, and we have some great statistics on Iowa schools, Governor. As of 2023, the state's four-year graduation rate, again, in Iowa is almost 90 percent. Proficiency in the language arts is at 71 percent. Math is about 70 percent. That is a multiple of the proficiency rates, of course, that are seen coming out of Chicago and other very, very blue cities. And other states are really, really struggling.Governor, I think this should be elevated as a major issue, suburban mothers, mothers from all backgrounds, fathers, parenthood. I mean, the thing you worry about the most is your kids' education and safety, both things.REYNOLDS: Right, right. And I tell you what, as governors, we just need to stand up and empower parents to do it. Let them know that their voices make a difference. They can have an impact on what's happening in Chicago in some of these blue states.They should demand more, or they can move to Iowa, where I can guarantee that they're going to have a quality education, a great quality of life, and we're reducing taxes and making the environment better.So come to Iowa. We'll educate your kids. We'll make sure that they're prepared for a successful future. It's not hard, you know. You -- we're investing in literacy.INGRAHAM: It's common sense.REYNOLDS: Common sense. And you know what? It's just common sense and people are waking up. It is about to come to an end. I think that that's why they're doubling down with these absurd requests, because I think they see that the end is in sight. It is ridiculous.INGRAHAM: Governor, we have to ask you about this because the Daily Caller is reporting that you're a possible pick for Trump's cabinet, given your success in the education field as education secretary.I know you're going to say you're not thinking about it. But is being in a cabinet something you would someday think about?REYNOLDS: Oh, listen, I love what I'm doing here in Iowa. I love the progress that we're making. I think, you know, I'm so passionate about education. I've been a driver of STEM education, work-based learning, registered apprenticeship programs, literacy, and just so passionate about what we're doing. We need strong governors in the state working with the administration.I was so proud Trump was in Iowa in March of 2023. He talked about a national school choice program, really highlighted what we were doing in Iowa. So, we can be an example for other states to follow and really be more effective almost, I think, by doing that.INGRAHAM: I gotcha. Governor, we really appreciate everything you've done in this arena and beyond, especially on keeping those schools open during COVID. You will always be a hero for that. Thank you so much.All right, China's hidden strategy at the Met Gala, and a commencement calamity, you have to see this. Seen and Unseen, Raymond Arroyo is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for Seen and Unseen, where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor, Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, while Biden spins his record, Kamala is on the road in Pennsylvania.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, she's out on her abortion tour -- I mean, her reproductive freedom tour to free unborn children from any possible reproduction. This is actress Cheryl Lee Ralph.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We are about to talk with one of the most capable, influential, bold, and fearless thinkers ever. And this human being just happens to be a woman.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: You guys are going to have to be ready for this, ready for certain language. And I said very loudly, ovaries.(LAUGHTER)UNKNOWN: Fallopian tubes.HARRIS: And fallopian tubes, right?(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: And any other body parts they'd like to discuss? Laura, this abortion focus, it is so far down on Gallup's poll of important issues to voters. It's at 3 percent, by the way, abortion. So, this is a misfire. This is politics as sterile as her policies.And look, so many graduations are happening, Laura, across the country. And with them comes a new seasonal segment, commencement calamities. Our collection of some of the worst commencement speeches from across the country.Tonight, we take you to Ohio State where Chris Pan, an Ohio grad and investor, admitted he used psychedelic drugs to write his speech. And it showed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: So, if you're able to, please stand and follow my movement. Let's take a deep breath, get real-high.Hey, hey, hey, hey, left. Hey, hey, hey, tap your arms. Other side.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Hey, hey, hey. Laura, he did magic tricks and then he offered this wisdom.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I consider taking antidepressants, but intuitively I just started singing it. What we sing about, we bring about.Are you part of the healing? Can we all be the flower in the gun?UNKNOWN: Everywhere I go, I going to let it show.UNKNOWN: Thank you all so much.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Can you imagine paying tens of thousands of dollars for that, Laura? He's an MBA from Harvard, by the way. Takes your breath away when you listen to this est-nonsense being given to these poor graduates. They audibly booed him. And it's 17 minutes of absolute torture.INGRAHAM: Now, the funniest thing is these stodgy old board of trustee members and all these honorary degree recipients are like, they're like, what are we doing? Why are we doing? And they actually went along with it. That's really embarrassing.All right, Raymond, I want to get your reaction to what some of what we saw at that Met Gala. The outfits, well, were barely there.ARROYO: Yeah. Well, when thinly veiled nudity poses as fashion, what's the purpose of a Met Gala costume institute? I mean, you're not going to see Dojo Cat's wet t-shirt in the Met's costume collection.And I think some of these stars they were dressing as superheroes. Kim Kardashian did her best Elasta-girl, drawing her waist in so far, she could barely breathe. And then Lizzo was either the swamp thing or maybe she was Groot from Guardians of the Galaxy. I can't quite tell, but I'll leave that up to the viewers.INGRAHAM: Well, tell us. I think it's Doja Cat, not Dojo Cat. That's Doja Cat who is trying to get a black belt in taekwondo. All right, tell us about the honorary chair of the Met Gala, Raymond.ARROYO: Well, Laura, that's the chairman there, CEO of TikTok, Shou Chew. Now, TikTok was the lead sponsor of the Met Gala, spending millions in what is little more than a high-profile charm offensive as they fight the government in court.Remember, TikTok either has to divest from China or face a ban in the U.S. And the Met Gala chairman is not backing down.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We aren't going anywhere. We are confident that we will keep fighting for your rights in the courts.UNKNOWN: They said it was simply impossible to separate TikTok from its Chinese parent company.UNKNOWN: The Chinese government has made it clear it would not permit a divestment.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: There's your admission that there's a problem, Laura. I'll leave it there.INGRAHAM: Three of him is even more creepier than one of him. All right. Raymond, thank you so much. I'm still trying to dissect some of those outfits.That's it for us tonight. Make sure to follow me on Instagram. I want you to send me photos of your pets watching the Angle. I kid you not, we have a great photo on Instagram. Jesse Watters takes it all from here.