KATIE CHERKASKY, CONSTITUTIONAL LAW ATTORNEY: So, certainly, the defense probably won't even have a case aside from maybe one expert I think they're saying and then they'll rest.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS HOST: All right, we shall see. Katie, final word. Mercedes, thank you both very much. Again, 9:30 tomorrow, it continues. "THE FIVE" is now.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters, along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Richard Fowler, Dana Perino, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.The 2024 race just got real. Joe Biden doing his best cleaning up sweat impression, challenging Donald Trump to a pair of debates.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Donald Trump lost two debates to me in 2020. And since then, he hasn't shown up for debate. Now, he's acting like he wants to debate me again. Well, make my day, pal. I'll even do it twice. So, let's pick the dates, Donald. I hear you're free on Wednesdays.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Notice how there were five jump cuts in a 14-second video. Donald Trump accepting the challenge to take on "The worst president in the history of the United States and a true threat to democracy." The two talking trash for months. Biden's own advisors apparently don't want them to do the debates, but it's personal for Joe.We're told that Sleepy is seething with hatred for Donald Trump because he dares call out Hunter's corruption. Our prima donna president also has a list of demands. Joe Biden wants no audience, no third party, sorry, RFK Jr., and they have the mics cut when the speaker isn't called on. But is this really just an attempt to change the conversation? It's no secret Joe's been bombing in the polls lately. Peter Doocy asked Binder.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: So, should we see this an offer from the president to debate as a signal that you guys realize you need to change the subject after some really bad polling?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I just don't want to get into polling, any more details on polling. As it relates to the debate, you've got to talk to the campaign about it.DOOCY: Who is going to stand in during the prep for Donald Trump?JEAN-PIERRE: Who's going to stand in? Do you want to stand in for Donald Trump? Do you want to do that?DOOCY: So, you're saying I can go debate Joe Biden behind the scenes as long as I want?JEAN-PIERRE: You know what? I think -- I think that might be fun for both of you. That might be fun for both of you. I think -- I think that might be fun. I don't have anything for you on that but I appreciate the question.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: All right, Judge Jeanine, we just heard this this morning out of the blue. What does it tell you about the strength of the Biden campaign that he just throws down the gauntlet like this?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, number one, he's trying to be tough guy, OK? You know, I'm a tough guy. And number two, it tells me that his campaign is concerned about the numbers. He's always wanted to debate because he thinks he's this great tough guy who's got a great record. Heck, when he came in, the inflation was nine percent, right? I mean, that's what he thinks.But I think in addition to that, I think that his campaign is concerned. They know they're going to lose. I mean, if the election were held today, they would lose. They're listening to Van Jones, they're listening to Axelrod, they're listening to Carville, and they know that they're in big trouble. But I think that he's coming out offensively, saying, this is what we're going to do and this is how I want it. I don't want an audience.Now, Trump says that not having an audience is because Biden is afraid of them, OK? But I think more than that, they're saying, I want to be in a -- in a television studio. To me, that says you want to already be at the podium standing there when the cameras go on. We have candidate Joe Biden, candidate Donald Trump. There is no walking across the stage, stumbling, mumbling, not figuring out where you're going, and no large audience to respond to that.I thought also that -- I hear you're free on Wednesdays, I found that so offensive. And maybe not just because you know, obviously, everybody knows I have a long relationship with Donald Trump but it's just you orchestrated this. You hunkered this guy down. And now you're over there sticking the knife in and saying, hey, I hear you're free because courts open on Wednesdays.Now, the -- one is at CNN, as I understand it. And that's the June 27th one. Isn't CNN where Donna Brazile was able to get those questions to Hillary Clinton during that CNN debate with Donald Trump in CNN? You know, it's just -- it's just kind of a --PERINO: No, it was -- that wasn't it. It was a primary debate with Bernie Sanders. There's more -- there's more to that story, but yes.PIRRO: But there was Donna Brazile and it was CNN. And she lied about it. and then she finally admitted it. But I think that in the end, I think that this is a good thing. And I think that irrespective of the parameters, I think Trump will do well.WATTERS: Richard, why does he want to do one in the dead of summer?RICHARD FOWLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think there's a couple of reasons. One, I think the story is fascinating because when I woke up this morning, there wasn't a debate. And now, it's 5:00 on the East Coast and there are two. So, that's fascinating.WATTERS: Maybe there'll be three at 8:00.FOWLER: Listen, by the time we go to bed, there might be 30. But look, I think there's a couple of things here. I think number one -- and I think this has been a long-time problem with the Presidential Debate Commission. It's a very old way of doing things. Also, oftentimes, depending upon when the debate was scheduled, people had already started voting because of early voting, because of absentee voting.And I also think, too, where I sort of agree with the Judge a little bit, is that for the Biden team, as well as for the Trump team, the ideal of having a debate in the beginning of summer before folks go up on summer holiday, before folks start to tune into the election, is a great way to bring these issues up front.And I think there's some interesting timing on this, which I think is important to remember. So, June 27 will be right after the Supreme Court has issued most of its rulings for the term. There's going to be a big gun ruling that comes out. There's also potential abortion ruling that will come out. That I think these candidates will be able to tackle because the American people will be talking about that.I think too was interesting that both the Trump team, as well as the Biden team, were like let's make it a two-man debate so we could take all the third candidates off the board. I think, number three, removing the audience to me was a value add. We saw Dana do a debate this year, and she spent half the time telling the audience to be quiet, right?And so, having a live studio audience, when there are millions of people watching at home trying to make a decision, you have people booing and jeering and who's up and who's down, when the studio audience is not the bulk of the voters and the bulk of the viewers. I think having just the two candidates in the moderator in the room with questions that allow the American people to really focus and determine which candidate they want, which will these debates are all about.WATTERS: What about the mic cutting? So, there will be no crosstalk, no interruptions, Dana. Does that take away from the spontaneity or does it let Joe Biden just talk and talk and talk and talk?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: I could argue it either way.WATTERS: Right.PERINO: But my instinct was this actually is probably good for Donald Trump. And the reason is that when somebody that you're debating is searching for words and is thinking about things and maybe stumbling a little bit -- I'm not saying stuttering. I'm saying searching for the word, looking for the word, as the other person you have a tendency to try to help a person out, even if you're competing against them or you're jumping in and saving them from that moment.Like, I think it'd be very interesting to just sit back and like, oh, well, wait. So, you can find those words. Like, you do that. So, I think that probably works in his favor. And I'm also -- I'm OK on the audience thing. I think that there's a difference between a primary debate where everybody in the room agrees on 98 percent of the issues and they're only arguing about two percent, and it was just a little bit obnoxious.To your point on the free on Wednesdays, it's not only was it undignified, funny for them, they're fundraising off of this, OK.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: It's like the t-shirts Free on Wednesdays.FOWLER: I already bought Jesse one of those.PERINO: So, I think -- there was that thing. I also think it's interesting that it's between Biden and his team. So, Jacqui Heinrich reported that Biden is the one who said, I want to do this debate. And finally, at some point, when the President of the United States or the Commander-in-Chief says, oh, I'm doing the debate, announce it, then you as a team have to go out and figure it out.So, I think that because it -- they obviously hardwired this with CNN to get it done because this morning, every 20 minutes, we had new information. Mark Penn was on this morning. He's a Democrat. Centrist guy who worked for Bill Clinton, helped Bill Clinton get reelected by moving him to the center. He said this is an act of desperation. It's a high-risk, high- reward format for Biden in particular.But he needed to change the conversation as Judge said, right? He needed to say something -- or I think you said it in your opening. The information this week has been so bad. And I think June 27th, I don't think it has anything to do with the Supreme Court. I think that his team was like, we need four weeks to get this guy ready.WATTERS: Also, that is a great point. June 27th, we might just have a ruling on the Hunter Biden gun charge. His son could be found guilty of a gun felony.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Pfizer got -- better send him a big case of adrenaline shots to get him ready. The edits, it was like 13 seconds. What, there were like five edits? I mean, there are less edits in a Michael Bay movie. I mean, he couldn't even do that challenge in one straight shot. I wonder what they left on the cutting room floor. Maybe this is why they hired Steven Spielberg, just to get Joe to seamlessly complete a singular thought.I mean, you know, Spielberg made a mechanical shark look real through the magic of editing. Maybe it could turn Joe into a cogent human being, bring CGI. I think that stands for corpse-galvanizing imagery. I'm thinking though, I think Joe heard finally what everybody else is hearing, that he's on his way out. And what do you do when you're on your way out? You set something in motion that makes it harder for you to leave. It's like when Jesse volunteered to be our floor's fire marshal, so that might buy him some time at the network. And it worked, it worked.Why is he doing this? I'm happy he's doing this. I'm glad he's doing it. Maybe Jill told him do it. Maybe it's just easy to say you're going to do it and then back out, and this is just buying you time and you could come up with reasons for backing out. There could be another new hoax that they push that makes it like, we cannot -- we cannot debate this man. He's undebatable. He's -- it's beneath us to debate him.We don't even know what the hoax is, but they'll find one. Or perhaps they're banking on him being found guilty and then they could say, we're not going to debate a felon. Or they're going to keep making conditions untenable or they're going to hope that Trump makes conditions that are untenable, but I don't think Trump will.I just think maybe they're trying to keep the Republicans thinking that Joe is the candidate when he really isn't because they're in big trouble. But I have to say that I don't know why Biden would avoid debating. It's one of the few things he's good at. I mean, he's -- the best Biden is on the debate stage. And I -- you know, we make fun of him all the time, but that's where he really shines. And if you think I'm lying, I am.Here's -- I learned the lessons. You do not want to build really, really, really low expectations for Joe Biden because it makes it easier for him to win with the media. A very, very low bar guarantees he will beat the expectations because you go, oh my God, at least he lived. You know, he didn't fall. So, I'm going to go ahead and say, right now, you can take it out of context. Joe Biden is the best presidential debater I've ever seen. And it's about time he gets on that stage.PERINO: Yes, impossible to beat.GUTFELD: Impossible to beat.WATTERS: He's a master debater. Up next, the ladies of The View had to put a gag order on Robert De Niro after his profanity-laced rant against Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: The media is still coping with the fact that the Trump hush money trial is a turd tornado that hasn't swayed public polling. The Liberal press directing their disappointment at the Trump posse for showing up to court. They're also obsessing over the orange nemesis getting some shut-eye during the boring testimony.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, HOST, MSNBC: One thing that has changed in the Republican Party is that they being in the tank for Donald Trump, that they all now dress like him too?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MADDOW: They were all wearing the exact same outfit. It was like they were Rockettes.JOE SCARBOROUGH, HOST, MSNBC: I'm cheering for Speaker Mike Johnson. And yesterday was a very, very sad spectacle for America and for an institution I love.LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, HOST, MSNBC: The old man sitting there in the defendant's chair, head tilted back to the right, eyes closed, made it look like a trial at a nursing home. If he were found like that in his chair at a table in the nursing home during lunch, he would be immediately checked for signs of life.SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: He's enraged and that's why I think he's so orange because I think it's red underneath.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Lawrence O'Donnell is five years younger than Trump. And Rachel Maddow has been dressing the same for 20 years like Wally Cleaver, the same clothes. And the star of Dirty Grandpa, Robert De Niro, getting censored by The View after raging like a bull who saw a red MAGA hat.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: And they might think that it's going to make their life better they just want to excuse my French -- literally. It's almost like he wants to do the worst that he could possibly do to show this country --(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Jesse, I find that he's smartest when they drop his audio. But you know, it's kind of sad because you can see -- like, people who are stuck in some kind of, I don't know, derangement, they can't see it themselves. And they're not surrounded by people telling them that they have a problem. And they lack self-awareness because everybody either tells them they're wonderful or wants to sell them cocaine. So, he has no clue what he's doing. And he's upset over the emotional nature -- his anger is emotional about Trump. It's nothing practical.WATTERS: You're right. And remember, he is the most boring interview. He used to sell his movies on Leno and Letterman and it was like watching a WNBA game. You just were just bored to death. And then all of a sudden, Trump became president and he started saying things I want to punch the president in the face. You know, he's a crooked piece of -- and then all of a sudden De Niro became interesting during his media tours. And that's the only way now he can get publicity for his film is by cursing and saying whatever he says. The movies Ezra so I guess that works.The -- I guess it was Maddow that was mocking them for wearing the same thing. The Democrats all wore African tribal gear and kneeled for George Floyd. I mean, not really what you'd call an American hero. The Democrats all wear white during the State of the Union to honor suffragettes. They're still wearing Ukraine pins. People wear things to show solidarity. At the RNC, you're going to see red, DNC blue. At the Eagles game, you're going to see green. And the other woman I forget who it was. No, the guy that said the guy is sleeping. He's meditating, Greg.GUTFELD: Yes, of course.WATTERS: He's a -- he's in a meditative state. And when you're when you're defensive about something, you avoid something. Trump is not defensive of being old and tired. He can shut his eyes and not feel bad about it like Sleepy Joe.GUTFELD: You know, it kind of what Jesse said but not really. You know, De Niro kind represents Hollywood in the sense that they realize that they're losing influence with the public and that's what's generating the emotional response. They've never felt less important.PERINO: It just -- doesn't it feel like 2016 again? Like, we live through that. Did they forget?GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: It also feels like they forgot that. Remember just this week, we had Kamala Harris dropping the f bomb at a group whether trying to be likable or just letting loose or whatever it is.GUTFELD: She was drunk though.PERINO: I don't think that's true.GUTFELD: No, she was, she was.PERINO: For them making fun of Republicans going there to defend President Trump, if they thought that this trial were going well, that Trump was actually going to get convicted, or that this this case was actually a good case, do you think for one second the Democrats wouldn't be there at the microphones? They're running away faster -- as fast as they can because they know it's a dog.That's why -- if they thought this case was going so well for them, do you think Biden would say, you know what, we really should do debates and change the subject. No they need to change the subject.GUTFELD: Judge, there's some things -- or there's a lot of things that you never hear De Niro get upset about and they're the real concerns in actual real life, crime, illegal immigration, inflation. Instead, he's just obsessed with these hypothetical what-ifs that Trump is going to keep hold on to power. None of these things are true.PIRRO: Well, the amazing part of it is that they keep saying these things and I say am I living in a different world? Donald Trump was the president for four years. He didn't do any of the things that they're claiming. He left office. And the amazing thing is, Robert De Niro, I mean, you know, he's good when he's reading a script in a movie, but he's not too smart in real life.He talks about Donald Trump being a Hitler, being a Mussolini, and you know, if I were the relative of someone who was -- you know, one of the millions killed by Hitler or Mussolini, I mean, I would be infuriated. How dare you compare someone who was a president and will probably or may probably be the next president to a man who literally butchered two men, human beings for no reason other than hate. And yet we let him get away with it as if he's worthy of even talking about it.And you know -- and Lawrence O'Donnell, you know, it's amazing that he would even talk about Donald Trump closing his eyes. You would think that the Democrats wouldn't go near any story about an old man closing his eyes because Joe Biden is the one who literally falls asleep and nods his head. He's done it several times. He's done it internationally. He's done it in the White House. I remember he was in a wing chair with another leader. And he wasn't just closing his eyes, he was going like this.So, you know, they can hate all want. And you know, Rachel Maddow, look, she wears a black suit every day. That's her choice. You know, someone could come in and say that means X, Y, or Z. Nobody cares. Nobody cares if men wear blue suits with a red tie. I mean, what are you going to wear? It's ridiculous. They don't know what else to say.GUTFELD: You know, Richard, I -- you know, in the other team, let's say your team, grabs clips of say from THE FIVE or Sean Hannity or Jesse's show, they could say we're wrong but they can't say they're acting crazy. Like, we have fun. But why is it on the other side, let's say the MSNBC, the CNN, The View side, when -- they actually appear like they have psychological issues, that this stuff is so ingrained, this Trump derangement, that they are mentally ill.That's -- De Niro is clearly is having problems. His therapist is getting paid a lot. Why is that? Is it because they don't have a life outside of politics?FOWLER: I don't know. I'm not the De Niro therapist -- De Niro's therapist and I'm not sure what that bill looks like. So, if you are De Niro's therapist, please call it and let us know. But look -- and I do think them wearing the same outfit is a little funny, let's just call it. A joke is a joke and that one was a good one.And Jesse, because I have to say this, WNBA ratings are up right now and the games are literally --WATTERS: Who is watching that?FOWLER: Really -- not only -- not only --WATTERS: Sometimes I lose to the WNBA.FOWLER: Not only -- not only are the games sold out but they're moving them to bigger arenas because more and more people are buying tickets. So, big shout-out to women's basketball right now. But --PERINO: You're good at changing subjects.FOWLER: No, I mean, I'm going to get to it but I had to do that. But look, I think there's -- I think there's been a lot of media coverage. I think there's almost been too much media coverage around this trial, because at the end of the day, unlike the debate where the American people are deciding, this trial is going to be decided by those 12 people in that jury box, right? And there's no cameras in this jury, there's no cameras there. They're the ones receiving this information. They're ultimately the ones that are going to be making the decision here.And so, all this prognosticating and polling on how or when we think it's going to happen, it's all based on those 12 individuals. And I think beyond that, when it comes to the voters, how they will feel about this, I think a lot of voters have made their mind out. If you're on one side of the aisle you'll feel one way about this, if you're on the other side of the aisle you'll feel the other way about this. And those Independents, I don't think they're sitting in America's diners eating eggs, I think they're working one or two or three jobs trying to make ends meet and they care about kitchen table issues which is why having the debate --GUTFELD: They're voting Trump.FOWLER: No, not necessarily.GUTFELD: You're just saying they have three jobs right now. That's an indictment on Biden.FOWLER: Not necessarily. Not necessarily they're voting for Trump.GUTFELD: They love working three jobs.FOWLER: It's not necessarily they're voting for Trump, but I think many of them are still undecided in this election, which is why I think a debate next month where we're talking about those issues instead of prognosticating about a trial where 12 people will decide that aren't them is the most important thing.GUTFELD: All right, fair enough. Coming up, Alvin Bragg letting the cop- beating migrants off easy and Eric Adams has a job for them if they can swim.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Radical D.A. Alvin Bragg's disgraceful priorities are front and center. He throws the book at the likes of Donald Trump and Daniel Penny and goes soft on cop-beating illegals. Bragg has reportedly offered a plea deal -- plea deals to six of the illegal immigrant suspects who violently beat up NYPD officers back in January. And with no deal, they were facing up to seven years behind bars if they were found guilty.The New York Post reports that one of those suspects who was offered a plea deal was actually rearrested recently for a completely separate crime. He allegedly tried to steal clothes and perfume from Macy's and he's now free. But if crime doesn't work out, they may have a future in New York as a lifeguard. New York City Mayor Eric Adams is getting mocked like crazy after seriously suggesting this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC ADAMS, MAYOR, NEW YORK CITY: How do we have a large body of people that are in our city and country that are excellent swimmers, and at the same time we need lifeguards, and the only obstacle is that we won't give them the right to work to become a lifeguard? That just doesn't make sense.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: You know, Greg, I'm going to ask you if it makes sense that a mayor who makes what seems to me a racist claim that the illegals coming into this country are excellent swimmers, and he wants them to become lifeguards for our children when we don't know who they are or whether they have a record or whether they're a pedophile. And the whole idea that he would prioritize the need for lifeguards to all of the other problems in New York City.GUTFELD: Maybe he thought they all swam here.PIRRO: He does.GUTFELD: I don't know. But isn't the lifeguard's main job to enforce rules? How are they going to do that? No running unless it's from immigration. Now, when you drown, will you have to scream help in Spanish? Hochul said - - you know what she said? She said, sorry, Mexicans have no idea what a lifeguard is.But I feel bad for Mayor Adams. He's no longer mayor of a city that is operating on rules. He's literally drowning. I mean, not literally. Figurative drowning no -- that's why he needs lifeguards because this is a sea of chaos. It's like what do you do? This all makes sense now.David Angelo has a great bit about how we designate the most important jobs in the world to teens, the two jobs, babysitter and lifeguard. One takes care of your kids and infants, and the other one saves lives. Now, we're switching that to illegal immigrants handing a job in which you're supposed to look out for people's lives to people we know nothing about.But this is the consequence of false compassion. We placed illegal immigrants in this box of the oppressed so they have more rights than you the actual citizen. Apparently, there are people who are above the law because they already broke it.PIRRO: You know, Dana, you're an illegal who came here illegally and you have no right to be here and you make a decision to, along with your friends, beat up cops, literally get them to the ground, kick them, kick them in the head, punch them. And we pay for their attorney fees, we pay for their translators, we pay for the room and board, and Alin brag wants to cut them a deal. But this case is all on video. All you have to do is turn on the video and say ladies and gentlemen of the jury, make a decision.PERINO: Right. Not -- it's not hard. And I -- what made me sad today is for the New York City police officers who know that the D.A. doesn't have their back. And that they can go out there, they can get beat up, they can arrest them, they know they'll be out the next day. And I worry about the future of recruiting cops, of losing so many cops to retirement because we need their expertise here and we need to have their back.Today, the House of Republicans introduced several pieces of legislation basically backing the blue and targeting soft on crime policies in D.A. -- from DAs all across the country. But the pervasive rot of progressivism and social justice, right, there -- I mean, there are things you can do to improve the social -- the justice system. This is certainly not one of them because it makes all of them unsafe. And it just reduces that quality of life that we have in the city.And it's not just here, although we live here so we care about it, it's cities all across America and it's these little things here and there, Philadelphia, St. Louis, you can go -- Los Angeles, San Francisco, Denver. I mean, it's happening in a lot more places than we realize.PIRRO: You know, Jesse, so we talked about the mayor, we talked about the D.A. I want to talk about a judge. The judge's name is Judge Laura Wood. This judge, and I was reading the transcript, say she is furious that one of these guys was rearrested. She said I'm fuming. Another slip up from you and you'll land behind bars.Why would a judge talk like that when they're illegal to begin with, they beat up cops, and then they steal property, we're taking care of them, they have no ties to the community. She's saying to an illegal, you know what, next time I'm really going to get serious.WATTERS: Because she's a New York judge who believes in five, six, seven chances. No real judge in the heartland is going to put up with this garbage. You know it and I know it. Alvin Bragg didn't cut a plea deal for Donald Trump but these people get deals. That's insane. Donald Trump coded a ledger wrong on a book. These guys come across the country --PIRRO: We don't even know if he coded it.WATTERS: Yes -- and then just kick a cop in the head. I mean, come on. What, he's -- guys, go on along, we have elections to interfere with. Go about your day. Adams, how does he know they're good swimmers? Because they floated across the Rio Grande? I will bet judge that the Central American nations have not a single medal in swimming. Not a bronze, not a silver, not a gold. And I did no research. I'm just going out on a limb.GUTFELD: That's unusual for you.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: And Greg is right. They need to do more things than just swim. They need to do CPR, they need to speak English, they have to twirl the whistle. If you keep on talking to these Democrats, no one's talking about oh, they're going to come here and be engineers and be scientists, no. Can you come in here and wait tables? Can you please pick my crops? Can you be a lifeguard? This is what is happening.PIRRO: OK. All right, what about the fact that all these illegals, they're released without bail, OK. They're kicking cops while they're down.WATTERS: Just say it, Richard. Just say it.PIRRO: Wait a minute. I got to -- this is so offensive to me. This is so offensive --FOWLER: I know.PIRRO: -- that you would kick cop while they're down, and yet I think they've got a whole area, a whole group of people who are cursing at the cops in Spanish while this is going on. Do you think that they would get a break if those same people doing the same thing were wearing red MAGA hats in New York?FOWLER: Well, listen, a crime is a crime is a crime is a crime. And I think for --PIRRO: That's not the question.FOWLER: No hold on. Wait a minute. Let me answer. And I think what -- I think that the fact they're getting a plea deal is unfortunate. I think they should get the book thrown at them for abusing a cop whether you are an American that does it or you're an undocumented person that does it. A crime is a crime and you should be prosecuted for that.I think we're mixing two different stories here. Don't get me wrong. I think what the mayor said was very -- not a very artful thing to say. I wouldn't have said it that way at all. But I do think what he said after that is a sentence that matters. We have folks who are in New York who I would like to put them to work doing a lot of things. So, there are some scientists who cross the border, there are some nurses who cross the border, there are doctors who cross the border. There's work to be done in New York City. There's a lot of places looking for people to hire.But unfortunately for many folks who come to this country who are undocumented, they do not have the right work permits to get any of these jobs which is what the mayor is trying to say there, which requires Washington either side of Pennsylvania Avenue, either the Congress or the White House or somebody there to do something to modernize our immigration system to make this process easier, safer, and better for local mayors, as well as those who are crossing the border, as well as for those who live in Texas.PIRRO: Modernize the system? How about you follow the law?FOWLER: Yes, modernize the system. The laws are written in the 1980s.PIRRO: Oh, in the 1980s.FOWLER: Yes.PIRRO: So were most -- so were most of the homicide --FOWLER: Before the cellphone was created.PIRRO: So were most of the homicide statues and the pen -- the penny larceny statutes and all the crimes. We don't need to modernize anything. We need to enforce the law.FOWLER: The reason -- the reason why it's so hard to enforce it is because we don't have enough immigration judges, because there's a backlog of the court.PIRRO: No, because we let too many of them in. What are you talking about?FOWLER: You -- if you get caught today, you don't get -- you get time for court in 2027. We do not have enough immigration judges in the system.PIRRO: Maybe we shouldn't let that many people in the system.WATTERS: They scientist, Judge. They're just scientists.PIRRO: Yes, I forgot. I forgot. All right, coming up, pro-terrorist clowns are ruining college graduations, so we've got our own commencement message for the class of 2024.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We will free Palestine.CROWD: We will free Palestine.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Within our lifetime.CROWD: Within our lifetime.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Free, free Palestine.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Free --PERINO: All right, anti-Israel protesters disrupting or canceling college graduation commencement events, but have no fear, THE FIVE is here to offer students words of advice. I'm going to go first. All right, are you ready? To the class of '24, at least those of you who haven't walked out and protest for my support of Israel. As you embark on the next chapter in your life's adventure, always keep two things in mind.One, you should never use social media when you've been drinking. Two, when your life story is told, it will either be a biography or an autobiography. The biography is when you make key decisions based on what other people want and expect from you. The autobiography is when you say true to yourself, and that's what you want for yourself.Ninety-nine percent of the people who recognize true success and happiness write their own story, so don't be afraid to follow your dreams and take chances because success is the end result of many failures. And if you're willing to learn from those failures, your autobiography will be a bestseller that's so good you can promote it shamelessly like Jesse Watters.All right, Greg.GUTFELD: I haven't worn one of these since I did Undergrads Gone Wild.PERINO: That was a good movie.GUTFELD: That was an amazing movie. The hot tub was hot. All right, if anybody tells you to be yourself, ignore them. They're trying to sabotage you. If you were supposed to be yourself, why do we have manners or customs or laws or dress codes or the golden rule. Telling people to be themselves is a trick to get you to pursue instant gratification untethered to actual self-improvement. And oddly, being yourself has you looking like everyone else. Look at the protesters. It's a parade of conformity.Instead of being yourself, try being a better version of you. Live your life as if your grandparents are watching you or you're being surveilled by someone you admire. I often imagine as I'm walking around that Lee Majors is looking at me, and then I end up acting like a better version of me.So, maybe if you admire somebody like Beyonce, right, imagine her looking at you. Is she going to be impressed that you're sitting on the couch eating Pringles playing some video game or reading some stupid blog or will she go, oh, isn't that sweet that young person is helping out her parents or doing something nice for someone. So, instead of dancing like nobody's watching, live your life like somebody is.PERINO: Oh, very good. Jesse?PIRRO: Very nice.GUTFELD: I just came up with that.WATTERS: Esteemed faculty, parents, grandparents --GUTFELD: Free Palestine.WATTERS: -- in a rare moment of --GUTFELD: Jesse Watters sucks.WATTERS: -- self-awareness, I will be sharing with you wisdom from the stoics enlightenment philosophers and the founding fathers, because let's be honest, you're not going to believe anything a Fox News host says. So, graduates, sleep no less than seven hours and no more than eight. Rise and shine at the same time as you rest your head every day.When you do rise, drink water with lemon outside in the sun, and then I recommend a nice brisk morning run. Spend time in nature. Lift heavy things and expose yourself to extreme heat and cold. It is good for the soul. Eat eggs, fish, meat, fruits and vegetables, and nuts. Remember, stress kills so breathe, read, write, and reflect. Save 10 percent of each paycheck. Put it in investment accounts and savings accounts. And have great sex so loud that your neighbors call the cops.PERINO: Oh, God.WATTERS: So, fall in love, get married, have children, and keep your bare feet soil. And always remember, I'm Watters, and this is my world.PERINO: That was very, very good.PIRRO: That's so good.PERINO: I love it. Richard?PIRRO: That's great.FOWLER: Dear graduates, for many of you, this is your first commencement because COVID-19 canceled your high school graduation. So, life has already put -- taught you the ideal and the importance of persistence. That skill of persistence will take you far.Today, dream all your dreams and live up to them and pursue them vigorously. And forget -- and never forget that even when life creates a stumbling block, that stumbling block is to give you a life lesson. At the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, I reflected my own stumbling block and decided to return to the classroom myself to pursue -- to pursue an advanced degree in journalism.Why I tell you this story? Because I know that sometimes life will knock you down. The trick is to get back up. To learn the lesson from the thing that knocked you down. And most importantly, never stop fighting. Never stop fighting for your dreams and continue to persist. Congratulations, graduates.WATTERS: Congratulations!PERINO: OK, Judge Jeanine, bring us home.PIRRO: OK. To the class of 2024, congratulations to those of you who chose to be here today to receive a diploma as opposed to your fellow students who reject everything that this university stands for and prefer to align themselves with Hamas University, a university of hate, discrimination, and extermination.As you already know, it's not going to be easy. You are part of the generation of Hamas students who have been raised to believe that they take whatever they want and they want to shout you down and make sure that you don't achieve your goal. Because to them, meritocracy is the enemy. To you, you have fought hard and fought long to make your goal, and this is just the beginning.I want you to fight for the underdog. I want you to fight for people who can't fight for themselves. I want you to remember that this is the greatest country on Earth, that we have all the rights that other countries want to have, and that you have the ability to survive and go all the way to the top.Remember that in the end, this is about your dream. And as I told my two children all through their lives, get to your dream and dance, baby, dance.PERINO: OK. Everybody, move your tassel over to the other side. Coming up, the secretary of shredding. Blinken playing the guitar at a Ukrainian night club.GUTFELD: Yes.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FOWLER: Secretary Anthony Blinken is jamming out his guitar in the Ukraine basement bar. And yes, that rhymed. Jesse?WATTERS: I have a tank of outrage and I can't waste it on things like this, Richard. We have a long election ahead of us. And so, if the guy wants to jam in Ukraine, let him jam.FOWLER: Let him jam. Dana?PERINO: I'm for jamming, whatever. At least he didn't have to hire somebody to do it for him like John Kerry did.FOWLER: There you go. It's called guitar diplomacy, Greg. What do you feel about it?GUTFELD: Oh, I think it's kind of sad. I mean, he couldn't take any requests because everybody there's dead.WATTERS: Oh.FOWLER: Come on.GUTFELD: I mean, look, we knew this was going -- we have a war that's never ending.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: We have a war that's never -- nobody wanted but somehow nobody wants to stop it. And we're putting it on life support and this guy knew that this was going to come out. I want to know why he did it. And by the way, Ukraine just suspended their elections indefinitely and he's singing Rocket in the Free World. That's funny.PIRRO: That's great.FOWLER: He's rocking in the free world. What's your take, Judge?PIRRO: When I think about it, I think about the people in Ukraine --GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: -- who are thinking about all their family members who died and how their lives have been disrupted, how the kids aren't going to school, how everything -- you know all of the big buildings, museums. And this guy comes to Ukraine and is jamming. I mean, come to New York and jam. It's just a bad look.WATTERS: You can suspend elections?GUTFELD: Yes.FOWLER: The Secretary was also there to announce funding to the Ukrainian government.PERINO: Don't give Biden any ideas.FORD JR.: And "ONE MORE THING is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg?GUTFELD: All right, what a show. Tom Shillue, Julie Banderas, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. That's tonight 10:00 p.m. Tune in.WATTERS: Unveiling a new series. It's called Wellness Wednesdays. It's where I tell you to ice plunge and eat raw fish. Dana?PERINO: Oh, there were four -- quadruplets that graduated from a school in New Jersey. I didn't think I had time for mine. Congratulations! Look at these four people. The New Jersey quintuplets graduate from same college together. Congratulations!WATTERS: Good job, quints. Judge?PIRRO: No, I don't have anything to say. We wouldn't have enough time.PERINO: I know.WATTERS: The first time Judge has nothing to say.PERINO: Their names are Victoria, Ludovico, Ashley and Marcus.WATTERS: Write it down in the Guinness Book of World Records. That's it for us. Have a good night!FOWLER: Good night, everybody.