MARIE HARF, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It was real -- revealed to be a surprise 27th birthday party with a cake, clown and balloon animals in the Costco food court.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That is pretty clever.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jesse, what's on your show tonight?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Emma, don't get any ideas.(CROSSTALK)HARF: I'm glad he dressed up for it too.GUTFELD: All right. That's it for us. Have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening, I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, a Republican lawmaker tries and fails to begin the process of trying to get rid of the house speaker who's a member of her own party. We've been following this for from the beginning.Georgia's Marjorie Taylor Greene triggered her motion late this afternoon to vacate and it is immediately rebuffed by her colleagues. 10 other Republicans voted to continue that effort.Senior Congressional Correspondent Chad Pergram is at Capitol Hill right now with the latest. A lot of drama but kind of as we expected. Good evening, Chad.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret a lot of drama but we kind of knew the outcome. For the second time in eight months, there was an effort to kick out the Speaker of the House, in October it was successful, today it was not. The House has just voted to kill this resolution by Marjorie Taylor Greene, the vote was 349 in an effort to table this -- to kill this, to put this off the table. There were 47 members who voted in favor of it.In other words, they wanted to advance to an actual vote to remove the speaker. There were seven members who voted present.Here are some of the grievances from Marjorie Taylor Greene. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): Whereas excuses like this is just how you have to govern a divided government are pathetic, weak and unacceptable. Even with our razor thin Republican majority, we could have at least secured the border with it being the number one issue in the country.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Now, there were 11 Republicans who voted against -- you know, trying to keep the speaker that voted in favor of trying to throw out to Speaker Johnson here had this motion to table not succeeded. What would have happened is they would have advanced immediately to a vote to remove House Speaker Mike Johnson. That's what happened with former Speaker Kevin McCarthy last fall.I have the names of the 11 Republicans who voted in favor of trying to oust Johnson, Andy Biggs of Arizona, Eric Burlison of Missouri, Eli Crane of Arizona, Warren Davidson of Ohio, Paul Gosar of Arizona, Marjorie Taylor Greene, Thomas Massie of Kentucky who you know, aligned with Greene on this. Alex Mooney of West Virginia. Barry Moore of Alabama, Chip Roy of Texas, Victoria Spartz.And Marjorie Taylor Greene basically said that Mike Johnson was unfit to be speaker. She criticized him over FISA. She criticized him over dealing with Democrats to move the foreign aid package and spending bills.This is an interesting situation here because it was basically Democrats who salvaged Mike Johnson, as we often say, it is about the numbers and the Democrats making the decision with 11 Republicans voting against Mike Johnson. Otherwise, we would have had a vote later tonight on removing Mike Johnson had Democrats not come to his rescue, Bret.BAIER: So, Chad, does this end this effort permanently?PERGRAM: Not necessarily. Because what Greene did in about 45, 46 days ago, she lauded this resolution over Mike Johnson. And what she did tonight is she triggered it, she made it privileged, meaning it goes to the front of the legislative line. You can do this ad infinitum if you want.Marjorie Taylor Greene, in some respects here was beaten back very badly here. She didn't have the votes. But if she wanted to do this again, she could. Keep in mind that there was an awful lot of discontent among Republicans or fellow Republicans for doing this. They think that this is taking away from you know, President Trump trying to run for election this fall, making the Republicans look bad, and just stirring this mayhem and chaos in the House of Representatives.That's where some say that the Democrats, you know, that they wanted to get away from this chaos. They believe that Mike Johnson has been an honest broker. They don't like some of his conservatism and his politics, but they believe that he worked with him on Ukraine and some of the spending bills and that's why they were willing to intervene and help him to date.But Bret, some might argue that that helped facilitate some of the chaos because they assisted Mike Johnson, a member of the other party, that is very rare.BAIER: Yes. Chad Pergram live on the Hill, having us covered on all angles of this. Chad, thanks.An appeals court in Georgia meantime, we'll review a lower court ruling allowing Fulton County's district attorney to continue to prosecute the election interference case against former President Donald Trump. The Trump team wants Fani Willis removed.Correspondent Jonathan Serrie has details on all of that live from Atlanta. Good evening, Jonathan.JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening to you, Bret. Legal experts say that this is a victory for the defense because it keeps the spotlight off of the defendants and on the district attorney trying to prosecute them.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY: I don't care how many times they threaten me, I will gladly leave this place knowing that I did God's work.SERRIE (voice over): And she runs for reelection against challengers from outside and inside her own party. Democrats Fani Willis had hoped to bring former President Trump and his associates to trial in August.But legal experts say the Georgia Court of Appeals next term doesn't start until then, meaning and all but certain delay for the election interference case.ANTHONY MICHAEL KREIS, PROFESSOR, GEORGE STATE UNIVERSITY: There is no way this is going to go to trial any time before the election. We'd be lucky to see a trial in in spring of 2025.SERRIE (voice over): The defense is appealing judge Scott McAfee's March 15 order that allowed Willis to remain on the case on condition her former boyfriend Nathan Wade stepped down as special prosecutor.ALINA HABBA, LEGAL SPOKESPERSON FOR DONALD TRUMP: He excused himself from the case. But our argument is that basically this does not right the wrong, there should be disqualification. This case is selective prosecution, its persecution at its best.SERRIE (voice over): Ashleigh Merchant, the defense lawyer who filed the initial motion to disqualify Willis tells Fox News, we feel confident that when it reviews the clear evidence of conflict in this case, the Court of Appeals will agree with us and disqualify Miss Willis and her entire office from further prosecution of this matter, and require that a neutral prosecutor be appointed to review whether these charges are even appropriate.The appeal will be decided by a panel of three judges randomly assigned to the case.(END VIDEOTAPE)SERRIE (on camera): And we reached out to the Fulton County D.A.'s office for comment, they have yet to respond, Bret.BAIER: Jonathan, another issue here. Fulton County where you're standing there, faces criticism for its handling of recounts in the 2020 presidential election looking into it again. What's happening there?SERRIE: Yes, just yesterday, the Georgia election board voted to send an official letter of reprimand to Fulton County and also to appoint an independent auditor for elections there. This comes after an investigation by the Georgia Secretary of State's office determined that the county used some improper procedures during ballot recounts, Bret.BAIER: So, could that have affected the outcome of the election in Georgia?SERRIE: Well, both the county and state elections officials say no, a voter complaint is what prompted them to investigate whether double scan ballots had made it into the recounts.And while they could not determine how many if any, duplicates made the tally. They say that anyway it plays out, the number would be well below the margin of victory for Joe Biden in this state in 2020. And they found no evidence of fraud.BAIER: OK, we'll continue to follow that. Jonathan Serrie live in Atlanta. Jonathan, thanks.This morning, police officers in the nation's capital clashed with anti- Israel protesters at George Washington University after authorities ordered the demonstrator encampment cleared, we've been following that just blocks from the White House. Correspondent Mark Meredith is on the G.W. University campus tonight. Good evening, Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. George Washington University's protest camp no longer exists. When you and I talked last night, I was showing you all the tents that were set up on the street. As you can see, they are no longer there.Still, protest organizers say they're going to make their voices heard as they want schools like G.W. to divest ties with Israel.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (voice over): It was around 3:00 a.m. when D.C. police told anti- Israel protesters time's up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They're going to get locked up tonight.MEREDITH (voice over): There are nearly two week long occupation of G.W.'s university yard was deemed both illegal and more dangerous by the day.PAMELA SMITH, D.C. METROPOLITAN POLICE CHIEF: They began very peacefully. But over the past few days, we began to see an escalation in the volatility of the protests at G.W.MEREDITH (voice over): Police used pepper spray to break up the crowd. At least 33 people were arrested as demonstrators scattered, they display this message on an American flag, long live the student Intifada.Last week, protesters were even calling for university leaders to be put to death.Today, G.W. students just out of jail vowed to keep fighting.NORA, ARRESTED STUDENT: They can mace us, they can brutalize us, they can pepper spray us. But the movement is here it is stronger than ever. Our energy has not dissipated.MEREDITH (voice over): On Capitol Hill, members of the so called Squad showed their support for those arrested.REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): I wanted all the Democrats and Republicans to know they cannot arrest our way out of this growing dissent.MEREDITH (voice over): G.W. workers spent today removing tents and debris. University leaders say future protests will have limits.Beyond G.W., protests continue at schools in New York, Boston and Milwaukee.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, I got my suitcase that has my clothes. I set my blankets and pillows in the back. I will make sure I am here until the demands are met. And I am not leaving.MEREDITH (voice over): In Florida, Governor Ron DeSantis warned protesters not to pitch any tents.GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): We're going to maintain order in the state of Florida. You do not have a right to commandeer property.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): G.W. says it still plans to move forward with its commencement event later on this month.As for the campus itself, you can see security remains high, the area where those protesters were set up, Bret, that still remains off limits and all indications it will remain sealed for the next several weeks, Bret.BAIER: OK, Mark Meredith at George Washington University. Mark, thanks.President Biden says the nation is experiencing what he calls a great American comeback story. The president is trying to focus on an economy, he says, leaving no one behind. But new polls show the economy continues to be a tough sell around the country for President Biden, so as his Middle East policy, especially among young people as you just saw on that last report.Senior National Correspondent Rich Edson is at the White House tonight with the latest from the North Lawn. Good evening, Rich.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Bret. Well, hours after police cleared that encampment at George Washington University. Just a few blocks here from the White House, President Biden took off for the Midwest of the U.S. where he was campaigning on the economy. It's an issue that polls show is a weakness for the president.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: When my predecessor came to receive the promise of, "Reclaiming our country's proud manufacturing legacy." Well, we had infrastructure day every week -- every week for four years, didn't build a damn thing.EDSON (voice over): In the swing state of Wisconsin, President Biden announced a $3.3 billion Microsoft plan to build a data center. It's the same site in 2018 then President Trump heralded as a massive future Foxconn development, that deal fell apart and Biden took the opportunity to mock his opponent.BIDEN: Foxconn turned out to be just that, a con.EDSON (voice over): The Republican National Committee says Biden is in Wisconsin trying to save face and, "It's no wonder why Biden is losing in Wisconsin and battleground states across the country. His policies have failed and people want President Trump back in office."Quinnipiac released a poll today giving Biden a 39 percent approval rating and a 50 to 44 advantage over Trump in Wisconsin. There, Biden is losing to his predecessor 52-44 on the economy, and 45-43 on the Israel Hamas war.The president is also facing growing opposition from Democrats on sending arms to Israel, the administration halted a shipment of bombs over concerns the Israeli military would use them in the densely populated city of Rafah.GEN. LLOYD AUSTIN, DEFENSE SECRETARY: We've not made a final determination on how to proceed with the -- with that shipment.EDSON (voice over): Republicans say the White House is mollifying liberal extremists.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): The president's apparent inability to keep the most radical voices on his left like out of the situation room isn't just a shameful abdication of leadership. It's actually dangerous.(END VIDEOTAPE)EDSON (on camera): President Biden has a new warning for Israel tonight, this just coming out for an interview that he did with CNN. He says if they go into Rafah talking about Israel, he's not going to supply the type of weapons that have been used historically. He's basically talking about artillery shells and other things, not defensive weapons, Bret.BAIER: That's definitely something to watch. We talked about that with Senator Fetterman last night on set. Rich, in other topic, the White House taking some executive action on immigration. What about that?EDSON: Yes, that's right, Bret. They've got some changes coming when it comes to calling or claiming for asylum. This is basically going to allow the administration to expedite the removal of migrants who official suspect pose some type of national security or safety risk to the U.S.Asylum is a system that -- by the way, that's according to Politico. Asylum is a system where migrants come across and they say that they're facing some type of persecution generally that gets them access into the United States.Republicans and a number of other folks say that migrants, many of them are abusing that system to get access to the U.S. The White House had no comment though. The Chairman Mark Green of the House Homeland Security Committee said that these proposed changes are politically motivated and won't fix the problem. He says that President Biden created, Bret.BAIER: OK, Rich Edson live in the North Lawn. Rich, thank you. Stocks were mixed today, the Dow gained 172, the S&P 500 lost three-hundredths of a point, the NASDAQ was down 30.Up next, we hear from the mother of a US soldier being held in Russia on a charge of stealing. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: "BREAKING TONIGHT", the mother of an American soldier detained in Russia says she begged him not to go.Staff Sergeant Gordon Black may have been the victim of a scam, actually.Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin has details tonight live from the Pentagon. Good evening, Jennifer.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.This sounds like a classic honey trap, in which a foreign agent tries to seduce and extort a U.S. government official.Army Staff Sergeant Gordon Black, age 34, is married, has a child in Texas, and met his Russian girlfriend 18 months ago near a U.S. Army base while deployed to South Korea.Staff Sergeant Black is an infantry man who served in Iraq and Afghanistan and was supposed to be on route back to Fort Cavazos in Texas at the end of his deployment with the Eighth Army.SABRINA SINGH, DEPUTY PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: Instead of returning to the U.S., Black flew from Korea, through China, and then to Vladivostok, Russia for personal reasons.GRIFFIN: His mom spoke to Fox's Bill Hemmer earlier today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELODY JONES, MOTHER OF STAFF SERGEANT GORDON BLACK: I said please don't go, I don't think it's going to end well for you. I tell him I had a really bad feeling about him going.I was -- I was worried more then when he was in Iraq for some reason.GRIFFIN (voice over): Staff Sergeant Black's mother, MELODY Jones said the Russian girlfriend, Aleksandra Vashchuk has been releasing TikTok videos of her son. In them, he is praising President Trump and siding with Russia in Ukraine while criticizing NATO.His mother said the Russian girlfriend asked her for money prior to his arrest.JONES: She was asking us for money. It was over Facebook. She wanted me to set up another account and send money.MATTHEW MILLER, SPOKESMAN, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: Russia has detained Americans for not legitimate law enforcement reasons, but because it wants to hold them essentially as hostage and trade them for potential prisoners.It is one of the reasons why we have been so crystal clear that Americans should not, for any reason, travel to Russia. Period.(END VIDEO CLIP)GRIFFIN: Those Americans still being held by Russia as pawns include Evan Gershkovich, who was based in Moscow, reporting for The Wall Street Journal, now imprisoned over a year. And Paul Whelan, a former U.S. Marine, held since 2018, when he travelled to Russia to attend a friend's wedding. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin, live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thanks.Israel has reopened a key crossing for humanitarian aid into southern Gaza. This comes at the U.S., Egypt, and Qatar continue efforts to try to find a ceasefire acceptable to both Israel and Hamas.Meanwhile, Israeli forces are advancing inside Gaza. Correspondent Jeff Paul reports tonight from Tel Aviv.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Backed by a battalion of tanks, Israeli troops fired their way deeper into eastern Rafah. The IDF pushed forward with its operation in southern Gaza, where soldiers and fighter jets targeted Hamas militants, infrastructure, and underground tunnels near the Gaza inside of the Rafah crossing.But the ongoing mission is also displacing more than 100,000 Palestinians who were warned by the IDF to get out.SAWSAN AL-HELOU, DISPLACED PALESTINIAN: We were asked to leave. Well, where do we go? Where do we go?PAUL (voice over): Israel has since reopened the Kerem Shalom crossing, but a United Nations agency says no aid has entered yet, and the U.S. says it still isn't enough.MILLER: When it comes to the level of humanitarian assistance, the results as they are today are just unacceptable. There is no other way to put it.PAUL: Amid the Rafah operation, fragile ceasefire negotiations continued in Cairo. But in Israel, CIA Chief William Burns met with top Israeli officials to discuss both Rafah and a hostage deal.Another topic likely to emerge, the Biden administration's delayed shipment of bombs to Israel.Historically a robust weapons provider to Israel, the U.S. decided to hold back sending 1,800, 2000-pound bombs and 1,700, 500-pound bombs, after concerns emerged, how they'd be used in dense urban settings such as Rafah.IDF spokesperson Daniel Hagari, downplaying any friction.REAR ADM. DANIEL HAGARI, ISRAEL DEFENSE FORCES (through translator): We are responsible for the security interests of the state of Israel, and you are attentive to the interest of the United State in the region.(END VIDEOTAPE)PAUL (on camera): The IDF tonight is saying shortly after it reopened the Kerem Shalom crossing, eight launches were fired from the Rafah area of Gaza. At that crossing, Israel says one of its soldiers was hurt. And tonight, it is accusing Hamas of not only endangering civilian lives but critical humanitarian aid. Bret?BAIER: Jeff Paul live in Tel Aviv. Jeff, thanks.Up next, Chicago teachers want billions of dollars in raises and other benefits? We'll take a look at their demands.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: House Speaker Mike Johnson, after surviving that vacate effort, he is promoting an election integrity bill that would require proof of citizenship to register to vote in federal contests. It comes amid continuing insistence by the GOP that Democrats are not playing fairly when it comes to elections in different states around the country.Congressional correspondent Aishah Hasnie is on Capitol Hill with that tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): We all know intuitively that a lot of illegals are voting in federal elections.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): House Speaker Mike Johnson, making that claim on the House steps today as he and former President Trump staffers pitch the Save Act, to force voters to prove their citizenship at the ballot box.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR POLICY ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: If this bill does not become law, then, Joe Biden and Democrats will have engineered one of the greatest interferences in any democratic nation in the history of the world.HASNIE: It is already illegal for non-citizens to vote in federal elections, but Republicans believe it's happening, and that it's President Biden's fault by leaving the southern border wide open.REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: We have so many non-citizens in the country that if only one out of 100 of those voted, they would cast hundreds of thousands of votes.HASNIE: The effort comes three weeks after Former President Trump called for legislative action to prevent election interference.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: We have an election problem.HASNIE: At the time the White House called it a stunt, and Democrat Congressman Bennie Thompson, chairman of the January 6th Committee, accused Speaker Johnson of, quote, "helping Trump's campaign of revenge and retribution."According to the bipartisan Policy Center, non-citizens can vote in local elections in some cities and states. And Republicans say the only way to track federal voting is by passing this bill.JOHNSON: To suggest that this is some sort of revenge tour is kind of a silly notion.(END VIDEO TAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And, Bret, Speaker Johnson hasn't yet announced when this bill might see a floor vote. But remember, he can only lose one Republican now with this very, very slim majority. And you saw today he has lost the confidence and support of at least three. Bret?BAIER: Aishah Hasnie live on the Hill. Aishah, thanks.The former interpreter for Los Angeles Dodgers star Shohei Ohtani is pleading guilty to bank and tax fraud. Prosecutors allege Ippei Mizuhara stole $16 million from the Japanese baseball player to pay off debts. The say Mizuhara exploited his personal and professional relationship with Ohtani to plunder millions from the player's account for years. They say he impersonated Ohtani to bankers. Authorities say there is no evidence Ohtani was involved in or aware of Mizuhara gambling.Chicago public school teachers are seeking $50 billion in raises and benefits from taxpayers. This is despite student performances that critics consider underwhelming, to say the least. Correspondent Garrett Tenney is in Chicago with that story tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)GARRETT TENNEY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Now that the Chicago's teachers' union has one of its own as mayor, members are making their most ambitious demands ever for their next contract with the city.STACY DAVIS GATES, CHICAGO TEACHERS UNION PRESIDENT: Today is our first step in showing our work to the city of Chicago about why the Chicago public schools is the place that deserves our investment.TENNEY: A leaked copy of the union's 142-page proposal for its new collective bargaining agreement includes more than 700 demands, covering a whole range of areas outside the classroom. A few examples include nine percent annual wage increases through 2028, abortions covered at 100 percent, paying migrant families $2,000 per child to help them resettle, and ensuring that teachers are not required to disclose a student's gender identity to their parents. The conservative Illinois Policy Institute estimates the price tag for the union's demands adds up to more than $50 billion.MAILEE SMITH, ILLINOIS POLICY INSTITUTE: This goes beyond what a union is supposed to be about. CTU is making itself a political party, a political machine, and it is to the detriment of the students and the parents in the district.TENNEY: Chicago public schools' budget has grown by 24 percent over the past five years to more than $9 billion, with some of the highest per student spending in the country. But student scores haven't seen much change. And last year, just a quarter of Chicago's students were able to read at grade level, and fewer than one in five were proficient in math.(END VIDEO TAPE)TENNEY (on camera): Contract negotiations just got underway, and so far neither the mayor nor CPS is commenting on the demands. Bret?BAIER: Garrett Tenney in Chicago. Garrett, thanks.A candidate for the District of Columbia city council who says he is running to combat rising crime says he was carjacked early Tuesday morning. Paul Johnson says he was hanging campaign posters when a car with multiple people inside pulled up. He says a person from the vehicle moved into the driver's seat of his car, and he says both cars were driven away. Police officers found Johnson's vehicle later in the day.Up next, new questions about the safety of the COVID-19 vaccine.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BORIS JOHNSON, FORMER U.K. PRIME MINISTER: The U.K. is leading international efforts to find a vaccine. Today, Oxford University has announced a partnership with AstraZeneca to develop what they believe could soon be a means of inoculating ourselves against this disease.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: April 30th, 2020. That was then British Prime Minister Boris Johnson touting a partnership between Oxford University and pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca to develop a COVID-19 vaccine. After approval, more than 67 million doses of that vaccine have been administered throughout the European Union. Now AstraZeneca is asking European Union officials to pull their authorization for its vaccine. There have been concerns since dozens of countries suspended its use after unusual but rare blood clots were detected in small number of immunized people.Let's bring in FOX News medical analyst Dr. Marc Siegel. Good evening, Doc. I wanted to ask you about it specifically. And "Telegraph" has a big story about it, saying based on court documents, this is from April 28th, that the COVID-19 vaccine can cause a rare side effect. They're being sued in a class action over the claims of its vaccine, and that they cause death or serious injuries in dozens of cases. It goes on to say that it can cause TTS, which is thrombosis.What about this, Doc, and what do you think about the concern about these vaccines?DR. MARC SIEGEL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Bret, I'm puzzled and very concerned with the delay here, because the studies that you are referring to came out in 2021 and showed at least 10 or 11 increased risks of blood clot per 100,000 people, the BMJ Journal. There are many journals, and very similar to the J and J vaccine that the FDA pulled off the market last year in April, and never approved this AstraZeneca-Oxford vaccine in the United States for the reason FDA on the J and J, ultra concern, concern of potential rare side effect.Well, AstraZeneca is still not admitting that. They say they are pulling this off the market now because it's low uptake and low use. But look, they've never even updated this vaccine. This is the original vaccine for the original strain. It hasn't kept up with the variants, the subvariants that we have seen. It can't compete with the MRNA vaccines. And the real truth here that the World Health Organization and all these countries, 170 countries, gave 3 billion doses because this vaccine was cheaper, and because they couldn't afford poorer countries to pay for the MRNA vaccines. They had this as alternative. But we now have Novo Vax as an alternative for over a year now which is approved in the United States, is safer. And again, for people that don't want to take the MRNA vaccine, they have an alternative and they have it over in Europe also.So I think this was a business decision, but it's a poor one. I believe it should have been pulled off much earlier.BAIER: Do we have a sense, Dr. Siegel, a little bit more about the problems with vaccines? Do we have more data over the last years about what issues there have been?SIEGEL: Well, I think, yes. I think more and more we have seen syndromes after the COVID vaccine. We have seen ringing in the ears. We've seen persistent sore arms. We've seen myocarditis, of course, with the MRNA vaccine. We've seen blood clots associated with, again, J and J and AstraZeneca, which are both vector, what's called vector vaccines. These things are real.The question is, and what has never really been addressed, but you and I have addressed, is which is worse, the virus or the gain you get from the vaccine you get against it? That depends on your risk group. It depends on what your doctor says. It depends on your prior history with vaccines. And that's what should have been front and center the whole time. With this kind of move, it doesn't inspire public confidence, Bret, which is what we need. We need to be very upfront and open about side effects for vaccines and not kick it down the road for two years.BAIER: All right, Dr. Siegel, we will have you back and talk about some other things. We appreciate it.SIEGEL: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: Up next, the panel on President Biden's Israel policy as he vows to halt shipments of bombs if Israel launches a major Rafah offensive.First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 12 in Portland as a group claims responsibility for setting fire for at least 15 police cars as the Portland's police bureau's training facility -- at that training facility last week. The group claims it torched the vehicles because it knew officers were going to sweep the Portland State University library to clear protesters who were occupying that building.FOX 26 in Houston as nine of the 10 wrongful death lawsuits filed after a deadly crowd surge at the 2021 Astroworld Music Festival have been settled. That includes one scheduled to go trial this week. Ten people were killed during the crowd crush at the concert by rap superstar Travis Scott. One wrongful death lawsuit is still pending.And this is a live look at Tampa. One of the big stories there in Florida from FOX 13, our affiliate, a full scale military operation exercise complete with helicopters, gunshots, boats, explosions taking place downtown Tampa. What is called the "Battle of the Bay" also featured drones, ATVs, scuba divers. Tampa is hosting the annual conference for special operations forces this week.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Civilians have been killed in Gaza as a consequence of those bombs and other ways in which they go after population centers. I made it clear that if they go into Rafah -- they haven't gone into Rafah yet. If they go into Rafah, I'm not supplying the weapons that have been used historically to deal with Rafah, to deal with the cities, to deal with that problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: President Biden speaking to CNN there, saying essentially what we have been reporting over the past few days from unnamed sources, that that halt or slow down, he said I'm not providing the bombs, the weapons Israel would need if they go into Rafah. They're going into Rafah is what we have seen on the ground, as you saw from Jeff Paul.Let's bring in our panel, FOX News chief political analyst Brit Hume, syndicated radio host Hugh Hewitt, and "Axios" political reporter Stef Kight join us now. Brit, your thoughts on this? And obviously, he is saying that out loud what we've believed for a number of days.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Yes, and the fact that the president and others in the administration are saying this out loud tells me this is in significant part for domestic political consumption. While the president continues to support Israel in many ways, and he made a speech about this the other day, at the same time he is denying weapons that Israel would like to have and he is publicly criticizing Israel for its efforts in Rafah, or planned efforts in Rafah, which I guess have already begun.Normally when you're dealing with an ally, you conduct your diplomacy quietly. That's the formula. The fact that this is being done out loud and conspicuously tells me that it is in part for domestic political consumption because the president is trying, once again, to have it both ways. He wants to support Israel and says is he supporting Israel and his commitment to Israel is ironclad. At the same time, he can try at least to placate the critics of Israel on his left who are furious about all of this. I don't think it works very well, but that's what I think he is doing.BAIER: Last night, I had Senator Fetterman from Pennsylvania on the set. Take a listen to him and to Lindsey Graham on this issue.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN, (D-PA): I don't agree with him on everything, like, for example, I was public and I said that I don't think we should be withholding any kind of munitions. And I think -- I said I think we need to send them immediately. You know, of course, Israel is in this kind of a war and, you know, we -- I have no conditions. I never have and I can't imagine I ever will.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM, (R-SC): You're telling me you're going to tell them how to fight the war and what they can and can't use when everybody around them wants to kill you all the Jews? If we stop weapons necessary to destroy the enemies of the state of Israel at a time of great peril, we will pay a price. This is Hiroshima and Nagasaki on steroids.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Hugh, your reaction?HUGH HEWITT, SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: I think both senators are correct, the Biden decision is despicable, in my view, and I don't think it will stand up to much scrutiny. Rafah is a grand total of 25 square miles, Gaza, 141 square miles, for benefit of the audience. The district of Columbia is 69 square miles. So Rafah is one third the size of the district of Columbia. The Biden administration is denying to Israel precision munitions, which they need to operate in a city of 25 square miles. Very small. If they don't have precision munitions and they are going in, they are going to kill more civilians.So it makes no sense other than what Brit said, a signal to far left, and they're very afraid of their far left. But it is a despicable decision, and it underscores the Biden doctrine, which is if you are our ally, Afghanistan, Ukraine, Israel, you can't trust us when the chips are down.BAIER: Stef, how do you think it plays in the Democratic Party writ large, and what are you hearing up on Capitol Hill on this?STEF KIGHT, POLITICAL REPORTER, "AXIOS": I mean, we certainly heard differing views from Democrats on this. I mean, as we saw just there, Fetterman has continued to be one of the loudest critics of Biden on the side of being pro-Israel. Fetterman has been one of the most outspoken pro- Israel voices in the Democratic Party so far.We have heard many Democrats kind of fall in line and back Biden, though those responses have been rather muted. Even Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer today simply said that he knows that the U.S.-Israel relationship is ironclad and that he has faith in what the Biden administration is doing. So, he wouldn't really go any further than that. So there has certainly been mixed signals here. We know we are hearing from a lot of Democrats in the House and the Senate who just want to hear more about how this decision is being made. And we know Republicans as well have been reaching out to the Biden White House demanding answers on why this is decision has been made.BAIER: Yes. We have got some is live shots from protesters being just outside a Biden event in Chicago. And he is in the Midwest, went to Wisconsin earlier today. These are pro -- or anti-Israel protesters, pro- Palestinian, as you see those flags and gathered outside and just calling him "Genocide Joe." Obviously, this factors into the political moment, Brit.In the same time, turning topics, the Biden administration is looking to possibly deal with the border, finally, on this asylum issue, some changes that may be executive orders forthcoming. "Politico" had the story first. We have confirmed they are going to be doing something, we just don't have the scope of everything. But they will set the stage, according to "Politico" at which migrants can be found ineligible to apply for and receive asylum. So possibly movements on that front as well this week.HUME: That recognizes at least that the Biden administration has at least understood what a political liability this mess at the border has become. And I think what they'll probably try to do is reduce the flow in some way, to some extent. I'm not sure it'll work. And I'm not sure it's coming soon enough in the electoral season for people to change their mind about Biden and the border where I think his ratings have been very negative and they're likely to continue to be, although this might moderate them somewhat. But that's clearly what we're looking at here is election is coming and he has got a vulnerability on this issue, probably got there deliberately because he wanted the migrants. But now it's a problem.BAIER: I mentioned, Hugh, Wisconsin, and how he was there earlier today. Take a listen to President Biden and former President Trump just in Wisconsin over the past couple of days.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: And 93,500 total jobs left Wisconsin during my predecessor's term. But that's not on my watch. We're determined to turn it around.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: The average Wisconsin family has lost between $20,000 and $30,000 thanks to crooked Joe's inflation tax.KARL ROVE, FORMER GEORGE W. BUSH SENIOR ADVISER: Wisconsin is going to be tight, tight, tight, tight, tight. We will see these guys in both -- in both of them in Wisconsin a lot. And the question gets to be, how powerful is their message?(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And Wisconsin is a focus, obviously, Hugh. You have got, looking back at 2020 the spread, Joe Biden taking the state of Wisconsin. A Quinnipiac poll out today has Biden leading in Wisconsin. There you see plus and minus 2.6 percent. But, if you look at the Real Clear Politics of average of battleground states, the recent polls still had Trump leading there. And you see on the right side, faring very well in these battleground states. But it seems like Wisconsin, because of those visits, Hugh, is going to be ground zero. That's where the RNC Convention is.HEWITT: Pivotal state, pivotal state. And I do want to remind everyone, four years ago the ABC-"Washington Post" poll of Wisconsin that came out the week before the election said Joe Biden was going to win by 17 percent. You can look it up, 17 percent. He won by a half-percent. He won with 21,000 votes out of 3.2 million cast. Nobody knows how to poll Wisconsin, but you have to campaign there because it is a necessary state for Democrats. Not so much for Donald Trump. But it's one that Joe Biden absolutely must have, like Michigan, and then go fight it out in Pennsylvania.BAIER: It's interesting that the messages, Stef, have been really focused on the economy, both candidates really tailoring a lot of it to the economy.KIGHT: Yes. I mean, the economy is always the top issue for voters. And I think it's interesting that we are seeing this week Biden and Democrats really zero in on the issues that they know they need to get right in order to have a successful election season in 2024. Biden knows that he has to keep the blue wall states of Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, and he is focusing his efforts there, especially on the economic message.And we are also seeing Democrats go on offense on the border. Not only are we seeing this asylum rule that's expected as soon as tomorrow, that's what I have been hearing from my sources, but also Schumer planning to, again, bring up this bipartisan border deal and force another vote there as well.BAIER: We will follow it all. Panel, as always, thanks.HEWITT: Thank you.BAIER: And finally tonight, a SPECIAL REPORT salute.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: To have something that you lost 56 years ago, and really forgotten about it. And then it just surfaces again, it's a miracle.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: After nearly six decades, Vietnam veteran Larry Morganti has been reunited with the dog tag he lost in battle. The item was found by a man in Vietnam, sent to a memorabilia collector in Sweden. He eventually found Morganti on Facebook and arranged to return that item to him. There you go. Thanks for your service.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, House Democrats are urging President Biden to take executive action on the border crisis. We just heard that. We'll bring that to you.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. in the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.