NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: There you go, got that.RICK REICHMUTH, FOX NEWS CHIEF METEOROLOGIST: Got your day planned.CAVUTO: Rick, you're the best. Thank you very much. Rick Reichmuth. They can see in Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia that is incredible. So, there is that.All right, celebrate that. Meanwhile, THE FIVE right now.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Kennedy and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.If you thought a porn star on the stand was bad, wait till next week when full on felon Michael Cohen lets loose. Donald Trump wrapping up the 15th day of his hush money trial by ripping his horrible gag order.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Everybody can say whatever they want. They can say whatever they want. But I'm not allowed to say anything about anybody.If anything is mentioned against certain people and you know who they are, certain people, anything's even mentioned, he wants to put me in jail, because that could happen one day and I'd be very proud to go to jail for our constitution.They've had more than 20 prosecutors sitting there over the fact that somebody paid a lawyer and in paying the lawyer, so it was a legal expense that somebody happened to be me, this is what the case is about.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Next on the dockets, the convicted liar turned TikTok influencer Michael Cohen, who set to testify Monday. While Trump's lips are forced shut, the judge is going easy on Cohen, asking prosecutors to tell the loudmouth to pipe down. Problem is, it's a little too late for that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER ATTORNEY FOR DONALD TRUMP: No, I won't be able to see you without them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Every night defense and the prosecution is watching your live and storing it. Do you ever think about just saying --COHEN: I don't care. There's nothing that I say that whatever they want to ask me they could ask me.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Well, key witnesses have been teeing off on Trump with some trash talk. The liberal media is salivating over the thought of gagging anyone who simply breathes in Trump's inner circle.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRIS JANSING, MSNBC HOST: We know that Donald Trump is under a gag order. And yet you have someone close to him who would like to be potentially his vice presidential running mate saying, the judge's daughter is a political operative who raises money for Democrat. Is there anything Judge Merchan can or should do about people who are close to Donald Trump saying things that maybe he can't?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't think so, Chris.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So, Judge, you were back in court today. Tell us about it.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, OK, there's so much (INAUDIBLE) -- let me tell you something. I'm sitting in that courtroom. And I'm looking at the judge, a guy who's wearing a robe, literally saying to the prosecutor, Mr. Prosecutor, could you tell Michael Cohen that I asked you to tell him not to talk, talking about a spineless wonder.All right, the judge does not want to gag Michael Cohen. He refuses to because he's part of this whole conspiracy to convict Trump.The truth is if you're going to gag Donald Trump, but you don't have a right to do in this case, you've got a gag Michael Cohen, everybody knows that the ordinary American out there knows it.But when he turned into such a wuss, he said, can you tell him that I -- that I'm asking you to tell him? Why, are you stupid? Do you not know you're a judge?Not only that, but Alvin Bragg comes in the courtroom. He comes in and he squeezes in a bench next to his bodyguard and (inaudible) sitting there.And I'm saying to myself, what the hell are you doing in this courtroom? This is an expired misdemeanor that we don't even know is true. And what you're doing is you're coming in here to make sure that that jury knows his case is important to Manhattan. While there are people in jail, have been sitting in jail for years on violent felonies, murders, rapes, violent felonies, who can't get to trial because of COVID. But you got to try Donald Trump. You got to pull him out real early and give him to a judge who has already established hatred for Donald Trump.Now, let me tell you more. Today was all about technical stuff, laying a foundation so they could get the tweets in, so they could get the text messages in between Stormy Daniels's assistant and Dylan Howard for AMI, American media, OK?At the end of it, did Donald Trump have anything to do with this? No. We have been watching for days a nut job who speaks to dead people, who think she lives in a haunted house, who wants to take up reading tarot cards, who wants to Make America Horny Again and you want to make this woman a main witness when she's prejudicial per se? A lawyers know what I mean by that. Now we're getting a serial liar as a federal judge called him as serial perjurer, a whole case about whether or not payments were made to reimburse this serial liar for what? Nobody can tell us what they're for.And then we had Madeleine Westerhout. She said, the checks would come from Manhattan, he'd barely look at them. He just sign them and then they go back.And so, there was no -- he wasn't examining this stuff. She said he was a multi-tasker. Donald Trump would be on the phone, he'd be signing checks, he'd be talking to people, he's signing checks. You can't even show if he signed the check that he knew what he was signing other than Ronan sent it to him. And Ronan had no knowledge of the agreement, allegedly between the woman who lies for a living, lies -- lays for a living and lies for a living.WATTERS: Wow, I like post courtroom Judge Jeanine, shot out of a cannon. Kennedy, your thoughts on today?KENNEDY, FOX NEWS HOST: I know, she's -- Judge Jeanine is absolutely fired up. And it just goes to show you how politically charged and emotionally charged this case is.And if this were such a big deal, why are we trying it eight years later? And you know, it made me wonder if that's the case, are Alvin Bragg and you know, Matthew Colgardner, whatever.PIRRO: Colangelo.KENNEDY: Coleangelo, are they going to collude in eight years to put Hunter Biden on the stand? I think we have about as much chance of seeing that as we do Miss Daniels regrowing her cherry and putting it in her Shirley Temple.WATTERS: Oh, wow. I'm thirsty all of a sudden, Greg.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: This is Friday.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: It is Friday. And it hasn't even started yet.I love how the media demands that we treat the content of this trial with utmost seriousness. No, you treat it with the seriousness it deserves, which is none. Right? This is a trial whereas you say, the actual charge isn't being discussed where instead you have a porn star babble about a tryst that took place years ago. One that by the way, is legal.And then you tell us you need to take this crap seriously. This would not pass muster on people's court. Judge Wapner and his bailiff Rusty would have this dismiss report --KENNEDY: Rusty Burrell. GUTFELD: Rusty Burrell, they would dismiss it before Doug Llewelyn gets his hair styled. I'll tell you what I do take seriously, the intent of the trial and the ability of the government to make this happen.This is not a legitimate law. It's, "Even by their standards unprecedent -- unprecedented. This is an attempt to use their phrase steel democracy." And they're trying to camouflage their lack of real substance with a -- with a porn star sex chat that the media gobbles up like cheap Ritalin. It is ironic that -- it must be ironic to Stormy, you know that Trump's facing all these gag orders, given that was always part of her job description.WATTERS: It really is Friday, isn't it?FORD JR.: Good to be back. Judge, I was interested. One question before I - - before I get -- have my little take on it. Did you think we have had a position around the table and those of us I think the country if you look at some of the polling that Mr. Trump is winning in the trial? Put aside the things that you were talking about the substance of it, because I -- whether you think he should be charged or not be charged, whether the case should have been brought or not. Whether Alvin Bragg sat where he sat in the courtroom. Did you think that Mr. Trump had a good day legally if you were just trying to assess this from a legal standpoint?PIRRO: I think he had a good day legally today and yesterday when I was there. The issue is whether or not the jury -- see, I think he had a good day legally. Because I know it's not probative. It's not relevant. But here's my point --FORD JR.: But looking at the juror, you've been in a lot of court rulings, you've seen a lot juries.PIRRO: I've read a lot of juries. And that was my -- that was my expertise unless you don't think I could try a case. But in any --FORD JR.: That's what I asked. Because that's the points I want to make.PIRRO: That juries sitting there, they're tired, they're tired of hearing about business records and laying the foundation. So, it caught them on a day that was relatively boring, but I don't think they have any idea why they're there other than to be told Donald Trump's a bad guy, and that's what worries me.FORD JR.: So, that was -- that was my thinking. A couple of observations. First, President Trump is a fighter. Everyone knows that. And I think he resist any efforts to restrict himself, whether it be in business, politics, and he certainly is demonstrating that in the court.My objection to the way he is behaving in the court is that there are rules in the court. I tried to explain a bit last week. I think President Trump may have not done any of the things that they have suggested that he did in the courtroom. And I think litigating that in a courtroom is more -- is more appropriate, number one.Number two, I guess if you think about it politically, the question becomes, is this having any impact on me? The really small group of voters in the five or six states that will make or decide the selection is those that same group decides just about every presidential election. And I don't know -- I don't know the effect of that.But the real issue and the real issue for the prosecution is Mr. Cohen, next week he will come to this courtroom. He has said things I've been curious, you know, Judge, why the -- Judge Merchan has not asked him to refrain or to restrict some of his language.But then again, he's a witness. I would think if I were a defense witness, excuse me, defense team lawyer. And you had witnesses like this coming before who were the prosecution's witnesses. This is a dream witness group here because you can -- you can cross-examine the daylights out of these people and undermine their credibility.And if Mr. Cohen has not, you know, I don't -- I don't know him. But if he -- if he has the kinds of challenges that has been suggested in the press reporting of him certainly suggest, as a defense lawyer, a real defense lawyer, you can't wait to cross-examine this guy because you're going to poke holes.So, I think the next three days in the courtroom, I don't know what the days are, they're going to be in court will be some of the most interesting and I think probably the most dispositive for this case.PIRRO: I think what will be dispositive is the judge is charged because I don't think the jury knows what they're focusing on. not yet.FORD JR.: This part of the trial. I would agree with you, we wait to see that. And then that's obviously an appealable thing. I mean, the judge does not give the right to --PIRRO: Yes, but the appeal won't happen before the election. That's the problem.FORD JR.: But what I'm saying, for the -- for the case, Mr. Cohen's testimony next week, this will be the most pivotal and most important week.PIRRO: Yes, and they're done next week by the way.WATTERS: And that is why -- and that is why Fox is going to be sending Greg Gutfeld to be a representative in the court next week.GUTFELD: You know why? Because I don't know what the word dispositive means.WATTERS: Coming up, Joe Biden's being battered from all sides for bailing on Israel.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KENNEDY: Hello, welcome back. Joe Biden's pandering to idiots partying at Club Caliphate is coming back to bite him in the keister. Both Democrats and Republicans not happy with old Joe abandoning Israel by withholding military aid, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL RAPAPORT, COMEDIAN AND ACTOR: You're not sending weapons to Israel during the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) war. Cadaver, Joe Biden, me Michael Rapaport, I'm not voting for you.SEN. JONI ERNST (R-IA): The president is a tool folks, but Hamas is using him. And he is allowing it and he is turning his back on Israel.REP. KEVIN MCCARTHY (R-CA): But now making decisions on what you can and what you can't use. You have to do it our way or no way at all. That's not who we are. And it's not what we should be doing.SEN. STEVE DAINES (R-MT): You are either for Israel, or you're for Iran, and their desire to exterminate Israel and Jews around the world.SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): I don't -- I didn't agree with that. You know, it was -- it was disappointed. I haven't seen anything with Israel's conduct that would ever justify conditions.(END VIDEO CLIP)KENNEDY: Fetterman in a hoodie, how gauche. Joe's risky move putting him in hot water with his pro-Israel supporters. His campaign receiving this e- mail from a Mega-donor saying, "Bad, bad, bad decision on all levels. Please reconsider." When it's that short, you know it's serious.Meanwhile, the Squad has taken notice and is doing a victory dance. Claiming the anti-Israel mobs ruining college campuses are working Ilhan Omar and Jamaal Bowman encouraging the Hamas fan clubs to keep it up.So, Judge, is this a victory for the Squad?PIRRO: Absolutely. And they see it as a victory. But not only does the Squad see it as a victory, Hamas, the Houthis, Hezbollah they all see it because no one is happier with this decision than the people who are trying to kill us in Iraq and Syria, the people who are attacking us from Yemen.I mean, that you can't be on both sides of a war. All right, but what we do know is that Biden when he was vice president with Obama, there was money going over to Israel to get Netanyahu defeated. The Biden gang is one who says you know, Netanyahu has to go, he's a threat to democracy as if, you know, they should be more worried about what they're doing.But you know, he's more than -- Joe Biden is more than an embarrassment. He's more than just a liar. He's a turncoat. He's putting his tail between his legs and he's running. He's running while he gives $10 billion to Iran, opening up the market so that they can get billions of dollars so they can destroy the Israelis.And the idea that you know, we're -- who the hell are you to say to the Israelis, you can't fight this far. You're not allowed to do that.I mean, Joe Biden's the one to left $80 billion worth of weapons and left him to the Taliban in Afghanistan. He's not telling them how to use it. And sooner or later if we haven't already been victimized by them, we will.But Joe Biden is a vessel. He is nothing -- I want to know who in his family is benefiting? Is it his brother? Is it his son? Is he benefiting? Because to allow for Jewish students to be barricaded from class without bringing in the FBI, not bringing in the Department of Education. The man is -- he's a turncoat.KENNEDY: Yes, and to Trace Gallagher's point, UCLA is now confronting the pro-Israel protesters, the counter-protesters, and they're letting the pro- Hamas protesters run amok and violate the civil rights of Jewish students.There are some cynics, Harold, who say, this is all a play for Michigan. That's all the president is doing here is he's cow telling to the Squad and he's abandoning Israel.In 2019, he said the United States would never withhold weapons funding from Israel because they are our greatest ally, and our only ally in the Middle East. So, why the hypocritical turn? Is it Michigan? Is it those votes in Dearborn?FORD JR.: I hope not. I hope what it is, and I tend to agree with everything the Judge said here. I hope what his motivation is to try to get us closer to a ceasefire. I'm not convinced this is the way to do it. His motivation is probably some collateral motivation around the politics of it.But this is wrong. You can't -- if indeed Israel is our most important, most dependable ally in the world, I would take it outside of the Middle East, you can't do this to an ally, you can't do this to a friend even if there are compelling arguments on the side that suggests that maybe we should -- that we are right and they're wrong and what they want to do in Rafah but you can't withhold this aid. I do hope like has been said by my friend Haim Saban, the Mega-donor you talked about who's a great guy that the administration will reconsider this one.KENNEDY: All right, well when you lose Haim Saban, when you lose Michael Rapaport, have you lost the election, Jesse?WATTERS: I wish I was a Mega-donor. Isn't that the best name? Mega-donor.GUTFELD: You're a mega boner.KENNEDY: Oh, Greg.FORD JR.: This is Friday. Oh my gosh.WATTERS: Are you (INAUDIBLE) to me? So, Biden's managed to do something --KENNEDY: Gross.WATTERS: -- that no one's ever done. Both the Jews and the Muslims hate him.KENNEDY: Yes.WATTERS: And that's hard, because he's been trying to split the baby from the jump. Remember, first, there was like, oh, everyone's anti-Semitic. And he's, well, it's actually Islamophobia.And then everybody started going nuts at Columbia. And then he was like, there's fine people on both sides. I only saw one side.And then, as the final battle is about to be waged, he's like, here's your weapon psych, and pulls it back.Now, we have to remember why because there is no Biden base.KENNEDY: Yes.WATTERS: He's afraid of the far left, because he cut a deal with the Bernie Bros and he cut a deal with the Squad in 2020. He says, you back me over Trump. I'll give you whatever you want. I'll spend trillions of dollars, I'll do equity. And that's held until now.And now, the base is mad. And he's either ignored it or he's caved. And it just sends us such a terrible signal to not only the base but to the foreign enemies who think we could just light a fire in America. And the president will buckle.KENNEDY: Yes, we haven't even reached the crescendo. I think we're going to see that in Chicago for the democratic national convention this summer. And it actually it scares me, because there's so much tension on both sides. And the president is really doing nothing to quell that.The Biden State Department just releasing report finding reasonable evidence that Israel's use of U.S. provided weapons in Gaza likely violated international humanitarian law. I think they are trying to bolster withholding weapons from Israel with some more formal language.But speaking of language on college campuses, so much of the vociferous, the loudest voices have in fact been female and Heather Mac Donald (ph), wrote that, you know, many of these protesters are young women who are populating the softer sciences on these college campuses. Are they creating problems for themselves?GUTFELD: We've been talking about this for a while, trying to figure out why they are -- the women are the primary kind of voice of these movements. And I think a lot of it has to do with the choice of majors, hard sciences, you can't take off.You know, but in soft sciences or soft majors, you get extra credit for this activism. Plus, the organizers are pushing the women up front because they know it's bad optics if the men, the police officers are confronting the women, they know, you know, if you touch them, that's bad.But it's weird that women protesters have become the central part of BLM trans movements Hamas anti-police, they're left wing on anything that needs limits. Border biology, terror, crime.So, why the tantrum against limits? It's almost as though it's an eruption against what imposes limits, dad. And that's why I think you're seeing an upsurge of dad brain, the adults are finally coming home and saying enough. It's like your analogy from yesterday about Jesse Jr. wanting to stay up later. It's like at some point you have to say enough.There's a good example the janitors, the custodians union planning to sue Columbia University. It's against the mistreatment that the janitors experienced when they were imprisoned by these protesters. It's a perfect juxtaposition.You know, you have people with hard real jobs versus the so called victimized pompous elites. You know, it's not really about Israel versus Palestine for these people. It's blue collar versus elites. It's why protesters get a pass when they blocked traffic, when they keep commuters from getting to their jobs. They're higher on the food chain than the electrician, the janitor, the nurse and the media who are the elite of the elites have more in common with the protester, female, single, miserable, so they share that in common.KENNEDY: All right, there you go.PIRRO: That is really good.GUTFELD: Thank you.PIRRO: Yes.KENNEDY: Nailed the dismount.KENNEDY: All right, coming up, operation convince everyone how awesome Joe is as president. It is now officially underway. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: All right, President Biden has a brand new campaign message. It's not me. It's you. Team Biden seems to think that if you weren't better off now than you were four years ago, then you just aren't educated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASMINE HARRIS, DIRECTOR, BLACK MEDIA: We're investing seven figures in constituency media and Black media to make sure that, you know, we're doing everything that we can to educate voters on all of the ways that the Biden Harris administration has put them at the forefront.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Maybe the reason why voters aren't convinced of Joe's accomplishments is because he's running into a credibility issue. Lying Biden was on a fact-free-for-all in his latest sit-down with CNN. The New York Post pointing out the President told a whopping 15 lies in the 17- minute interview. Insulting voters seems to be a theme for Democrats. Hillary Clinton thinks the reason why voters aren't totally on board with Biden is because Democrats are just so misunderstood.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: The pressure and the stress on our system, our country, our constitution, our future is so intense for those of us who understand what's at stake. And I don't mean that in a, you know, derogatory way to others, but if you've been in this world as you and I have, and you've studied it and you've watched it, it is a very difficult time right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK, I'm going to go to you first. They're putting millions of dollars --FORD JR.: Are you talking to me?WATTERS: You.PIRRO: Yes, you. I'm looking at you. They're putting millions of dollars into -- this is a Black director who's investing millions -- a media director into constituency media and Black media. Are they -- he says they're not aware, the Blacks aren't aware they're in the forefront.FORD JR.: I knew it was coming.PIRRO: Yes, you knew it was coming. You knew it was coming. I mean, is this Black media director admitting the Blacks don't know how good they have it?FORD JR.: Well, the race thing doesn't -- let's divorce that for one moment. I think that -- I think when you treat voters -- what should say? The sweet spot for voters is high cost of anything, I don't care what color you are. They don't charge Whites less for gas or groceries than they do Blacks or vice versa.PIRRO: Right, right.GUTFELD: They don't?FORD JR.: I mean, that's what they tell me.GUTFELD: MSNBC told me something totally different. Joy Reid told me something different.FORD JR.: The President -- there's no amount of money you can put into a strategy or an effort if the President doesn't self-correct the message. One thing they're right about is I don't think everyone -- a lot of people are aware of some of the things that the country's done over the last two or three years, but there are a lot of people are sitting at home who ran for elected office who believe that people should know what they had done, that the country is better off, or they're more secure.If voters don't feel that way, they're not going to vote that way even if they -- indeed the circumstances and the conditions in the country are what you say.If I were the President -- again, I don't know why you're not out every day at a gas station, at a grocery store. Acknowledge what's happening, what has happened, and then talk about the things you're going to be doing. If you look like you don't know that eggs and bread -- if you look like you don't know that electronics and gasoline are higher than they were three months ago, six months ago, a year ago, people aren't going to listen to the message.So, there's no amount of money that can be spent to make people believe they're not paying more for groceries or they're not paying more for fast food or they're not paying more for gas if they are. So, the race thing is irrelevant. I know they've made it racial but --PIRRO: Yes, they're putting it into Black media. They're not putting it into White media. What does that tell you?FORD JR.: Well -- I don't -- I differ with you there, Judge. I think that - -PIRRO: Well, they are.FORD JR.: Well -- so, I don't -- then stop playing the race with it. This is an American issue.PIRRO: Why are they playing race with it.FORD JR.: They're going to lose if they do it that way.PIRRO: Good. Next question. All right, 15 lies in 17 --FORD JR.: The Blacks.PIRRO: 15 lies in 17 minutes. Why -- you know, does Hillary -- you know, I know she's not the most trustworthy, Greg, but does Hillary not understand that you can't lie 15 times in 17 minutes or does she think that people think she's trustworthy.GUTFELD: What's amazing is that where are the fact-checkers? Remember, the fact-checkers are all over Trump? Do you get the sense though that the media has realized Joe is over? You know, if this were a poker game, that Erin Burnett interview was CNN folding their hand because I think you realize when you see this stuff -- and I think what you saw there with the two chuckle buckets on MSNBC, they in denial phase. They're in the part of the intervention where the sick person blames everyone in the room. Like, yes, I don't have a problem. It's you people, it's you people.But CNN with Erin Burnett are already going like oh, boy. They're putting the cards down. And then you're -- I think you're going to start to see this kind of like the media industrial complex going through this horrible phase that suddenly ends up in the -- now they're in the acceptance phase and they're going to have to figure out how can we move on. Because you can't take that seriously. You can't take Biden as Biden is right now as president. And if you -- if you still are going to vote for him, that means your Trump derangement is stronger than your desire for a safe and secure country.PIRRO: Exactly.GUTFELD: You can hate Trump all you want but you got to understand -- it's like the difference between would you choose a congenial surgeon with the shakes or an arrogant surgeon with ice in his veins, you know. And if you want the congenial surgeon, you're going to die.PIRRO: Good point. All right, Kennedy --KENNEDY: I want the second surgeon. I want the really mean, cold, nasty surgeon who ghosts me on text but who's still really good at his job.PIRRO: Yes. Well, also, what about the fact that the Democrat cities are prioritizing the illegals especially as it relates to the minority community? You think that might have something to do with the numbers?KENNEDY: Yes, I think that is much more of an issue for minority communities than Kathy Hochul the governor of New York saying there are Black children in the Bronx that don't even know what a computer is.PIRRO: Right.KENNEDY: I mean, that is incredibly racist and condescending. It's also racist and condescending to say we're going to blanket you with messaging and you will vote the way we tell you to vote because that's the way it's always been, and we demand that you fall in lock step. To Harold's point, that's not how people vote. They care about their families, they care about their bottom line. If they can't afford rent, if they can't afford food, that is all that matters to them.And you know, the President is trying to sell that we are in this economic boom. Nothing is -- has been better economically for any other modern president. Well, if that's the case, Hillary Clinton didn't get the message because she's on MSNBC in very friendly territory going it is so hard right now, it is so awful. Well, the Biden Administration is trying to sell us the shellac turd that everything is fantastic and wonderful. She did -- if she got the memo, she is disregarding the talking points because she wants to be parachuted in at the convention. She wants to be the savior --PIRRO: Don't even go there.KENNEDY: -- because she still believes that she should be president. If delusion were a party drug, I think we'd all be high as kites if we were taking what she's on.PIRRO: You know, Jesse, I had a question but my mind is totally frozen.FORD JR.: The Blacks were --(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: Go ahead.WATTERS: I'll just say Democrats want to educate the Blacks and want to re- educate the Republicans. What's the song again by Pink Floyd? We don't need no education. Harold, let me just explain something to you, OK. The Blacks are more acutely aware of the failure of the Biden Administration than anybody else. If you're a Black American living in the inner city, you are so sensitive to prices, rent, crime, migration.It is a scandal that the Blacks are the hardest-hit demographic. We always make that joke when they say in the media African-Americans hardest hit. In this case, it's true. The most loyal Democrat constituency is getting hammered by Bidenomics.GUTFELD: Jesse, as a Black man, are you often discriminated against for your Conservative views?WATTERS: Oftentimes I am. And they have a word for me for that which I cannot say.PIRRO: Oh, yes. It's about a relative. Yes, all right, "THE FASTEST" --FORD JR.: I just --PIRRO: What?FORD JR.: Black voters are -- it's more likely than not will come home to Democrats if Democrats get this right.PIRRO: Not if they think about how their kids are not graduating or at grade level and they're not computing either. Anyway, "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back! Time for "THE FASTEST." First up, most people forget their college commencement speaker, but 2024 Ohio State grads, they're going to remember this one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)If you're able to, please stand and follow my movement. All right, everybody, to the right. Hey. Left, hey.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: That's 1999 Ohio State grad Chris Pan who admitted to writing the speech while high on --PIRRO: Psychedelics.FORD JR.: He later defended his remarks and blamed any negative reactions to his speech on people's poor listening skills.Exclamation Point, do you have a strong opinion about this?GUTFELD: Well, you know, he was -- he claim -- he blamed it on Ayahuasca but, you know, don't expect people who didn't take the drug to share the same experience that you did when you were on the drug. Have you ever been caught in a conversation when you're sober with somebody who's drunk or worse on cocaine. And it's obvious to you that they think they're killing it. Like, they're really impressing you and they're telling you about a screenplay that they haven't written but they're going to start on it tomorrow.That's what this guy was. He was like ah, they're going to love me. And it's like, dude, they're not on Ayahuasca. They think you're an idiot. And he was talking about Bitcoin. Like, he was trying to sell them Bitcoin while he was up there. And by the way, the whole thing was embarrassing.FORD JR.: Lisa?KENNEDY: Oh, I absolutely loved it. I thought it was amazing. But it reminded me of when I went on vacation and got drunk the night before and decided to pack at 2:00 in the morning.GUTFELD: Yes, that's it.KENNEDY: When I got to my destination, I was like, oh, my God, I forgot to pack shoes and underwear.GUTFELD: Yes, that's exactly --KENNEDY: But I had a lot of beads.FORD JR.: Primetime?WATTERS: There might have been someone -- let's just call him Jason Watters in high school who consumed some psychedelic substances and wrote until all hours of the evening.KENNEDY: Oh.WATTERS: What I thought was probably the most brilliant pros a man has ever written. And my mom confiscated -- I mean, Jason's mom confiscated it and I used to look for it all the time when I used to come back home from work. Where did you keep my memoirs? Where are my documents? Where is my treatise on existentialism?And one day, years later, I found it, and I read it, and it was gobbledygook. And it was jabberwocky. Do you know the word jabberwocky?PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: It was nonsensical. That's what happened with this guy. But I agree with Kennedy. I loved it.FORD JR.: Judge, you ever write an --PIRRO: You know what's interesting about it? This is a high school graduation?FORD JR.: No, it's Ohio State but some people --(CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: OK, wait a minute, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But you know what's crazy? All the professors behind him got it. They're all on the psychedelics. It's his students who weren't high. They were high.GUTFELD: Yes.FORD JR.: This is -- it that might have been the high point but --PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: Go, Blue! Next up, what is the age that you stop being cool? According to a news survey most Americans say it's the ripe old age of 39 is when they become lame and out of the loop on the latest trends. Judge, you agree with that? 39 is the -- I mean, you're 41 today.PIRRO: I don't know. It depends on what group you're in and whether you're cool. Maybe 39. I don't know.FORD JR.: Maybe 39?PIRRO: I don't care.FORD JR.: Primetime?WATTERS: Yes, around 39 I started using language that my daughters made fun of me for. And then one time like last year, I dapped them up and they were like, dad?FORD JR.: Dapped them up.WATTERS: Dad, you dapped me up. And then I was back.FORD JR.: Kennedy, you don't seem to have this problem.KENNEDY: No. I found that when I turned 50, you're not cool but you don't care anymore. And there's something about that that is so incredibly liberating, that it feels as good as when you were actually cool when you were 19 years old.PIRRO: Right. That's why I feel it doesn't matter. I'm 50.FORD JR.: Do you personify most day in the times cool? What do you think?GUTFELD: You know, I feel being cool is overrated. And I say that as someone who's considered cool by hundreds of millions of people. In fact, I wrote a book about it. Can we show the cover? Not Cool, it was about how -- maybe we won't show it. There it is. You know, that's available on Amazon. The wanting to be cool is a sign of insecurity and desperation, and that makes you the least coolest person in the world. And I say that having been naturally born cool.WATTERS: How many books did you write?GUTFELD: I think --WATTERS: I haven't even heard of that one.GUTFELD: I think I wrote 10.KENNEDY: Oh, that's actually -- that's a great book.WATTERS: That's the only good one.GUTFELD: That's probably my -- that's probably my best book.WATTERS: Really?PIRRO: Really?GUTFELD: I'm not -- I'm not -- I'm serious.PIRRO: All right.WATTERS: OK. I'll put it where all the other books --(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: We got to get to "FAN MAIL."KENNEDY: But you also don't have them because they remind you how uncool you are.GUTFELD: That is true.PIRRO: "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" is up next.FORD JR.: I love listening -- I love listening to -- I love listening to Greg talk about how cool he is. "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" is up next.PIRRO: We got to get to "FAN MAIL."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: All right, "FAN MAIL." First question from Frenchi. Here's a good one. Who would you not want to be stuck in an elevator with? You can go famous or somebody you know. I don't care. Let's start with you, Kennedy.KENNEDY: Gassy Greg Gutfeld.GUTFELD: Oh, is that true?KENNEDY: Chipotle Greg. Only after you've been to --GUTFELD: I haven't had Chipotle in five or six years.KENNEDY: The last time we rode the elevator together.GUTFELD: Are you going to stick with that?KENNEDY: No, I -- who would I not like to be in the elevator with?GUTFELD: Yes, come on.KENNEDY: Probably the ghost of O.J. Simpson.GUTFELD: Oh, there you go. Jesse?WATTERS: Maybe like the H.R. Director or someone like that.GUTFELD: That's actually pretty good.WATTERS: Yes. You don't really know what to say. Any joke is a possible termination.GUTFELD: Yes, that's true. They're like -- they're our SVU. Harold?FORD JR.: Ohio State football fans this Saturday afternoon after Thanksgiving because we whip them. Go, Blue!KENNEDY: The game.GUTFELD: Wow.FORD JR.: The game.GUTFELD: That was very specific. Judge, come on.PIRRO: You know, there's a part of me that actually wants to be in an elevator with her, but the one I would not want to be in -- well, OK, I'm ambivalent. Hillary Clinton.FORD JR.: I'd like to be in the elevator with you, guys.WATTERS: Oh, I would love to be in the elevator with Hillary.FORD JR.: Hay to play, yes.FORD JR.: Hillary is my friend. I like her.PIRRO: You -- she's your friend?WATTERS: Everyone is your friend, Harold.PIRRO: Oh, my God. But you know she roped off the press when she ran for her office. Remember that? She's such a queen.FORD JR.: She told me she'd love to be on an elevator with you.GUTFELD: All right, we've got to move on.PIRRO: Yes, go ahead.WATTERS: She killed people. Come on.GUTFELD: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.PIRRO: Oh, that's it?GUTFELD: Yes.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Tomorrow is a very, very, very, very special day. It's Harold Ford Jr's birthday. Harold Ford Jr., here you go. We got you a little gift.PIRRO: Happy birthday!FORD JR.: I thought you all -- I though you all forgot.WATTERS: No, we would never forget, Harold. Dump it out. Dump it out on the table so we can all have some. There we go.FORD JR.: My favorite.WATTERS: Harold likes chips.PIRRO: That's terrible. How cheap can we get? What happened?WATTERS: Where were you when we were passing the blocket (ph)?KENNEDY: It's filled with golden potato chips.GUTFELD: Cheese, cheddar and sour cream.PIRRO: I feel terrible, Harold. I'm going to buy you a cake next week.WATTERS: These are really good, and good for you.PIRRO: Do you like pineapple upside-down cake?FORD JR.: Coconut.PIRRO: No?FORD JR.: Coconut.WATTERS: While we're eating chips for Harold's birthday, let's talk about what's on my show tonight. Why are Liberals so sad? John McEntee will be here to tell us why. Harold Ford, you are next. We call you, hefe (ph).FORD JR.: A world -- thank you for the chips. A World War II veteran named Paul Trumbetas got a great birthday celebration. He turned 100 years old. He's a big Phillies fan. And the Phillies rolled out a lot for him. Phillies broadcaster McCarthy came, The Fanatic came. Who's that 1993 National League champion, Mickey?WATTERS: Mickey Morandini.FORD JR.: He was there also. He was invited personally to the Nationals game -- the Phillies-Nationals game on May 18th where he'll be officially recognized on the field during his salute to service. He's a World War II veteran. Thank you for your service, sir. Happy birthday to you. And it pains me to say this a bit, but I'll say it for him. Go Phillies!WATTERS: Go Phillies! All right. Nice, Harold. Judge?FORD JR.: Thank you all.WATTERS: You're welcome.PIRRO: Oh, yes.WATTERS: Cheers, Harold.PIRRO: All right --FORD JR.: Cheers.PIRRO: Cheers. Did you notice we all picked up the same bag? Anyway, it's time for -- we got to change the music.WATTERS: Oh, my God.FORD JR.: Oh GodPIRRO: OK. Check out this designer. Edna St. Louis or Louis who has transformed a New York City food cart menu into a fashion style. Rotating around the tube top, it says. Hamburgers, gyros, hot dogs, falafel. Isn't that cool? OK, whatever. I'm going to be on "HANNITY" tonight if you want to watch.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, we have Joey -- Johnny Joey Jones, some lady named Kennedy --KENNEDY: Sexy.GUTFELD: Comedian David Angelo and, of course, Kat Timpf. That's tonight. Hey let's do this. Greg's Goat News. You know, goats make a lot of noise, but you never know what they're saying. So, we're going to -- we got these baby goats. Listen to them. Now, that one over there -- see that one up right there? That one is talking about the benefits of the flat tax.Yes, that one's going no, no, no, no, no, I would prefer sales tax. Sales tax is better. And the one over here -- the one right there says please don't send me to Kristi Noem's house. Aren't they adorable? Goats are amazing.PIRRO: They are.GUTFELD: They're underrated as a pet and just a farm animal and a petting zoo inhabitant.KENNEDY: They'll eat anything in your yard.PIRRO: My girlfriend Linda -- my girlfriend, Linda, has two rescue goats, Sophie and Olivia.KENNEDY: I hope she rescued them from --GUTFELD: They're the greatest of all time.KENNEDY: They really are. Well, speaking of wildlife on the loose in a stinky Liberal enclave, there were three zebras who escaped a truck in western Washington State. And one of them went on the lam for days. People were terrified for their safety because zebras are bloodthirsty killers. The animal was corralled and is safe and sound.PIRRO: Zebras are what kind of killers?KENNEDY: Bloodthirsty.WATTERS: You know what's black and white and red all over?KENNEDY: The newspaper.WATTERS: I was going to say a zebra.That's it for us. Have a great night, everybody.