BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Once again they saved my son, Paul's life, his fifth open heart surgery, surprised one, he's doing well. He's home. Thanks for all your prayers and support across the board. We're very grateful. And thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. As always, thanks for joining us. A shocking scene in Charlotte, North Carolina after three officers on a U.S. Marshals Task Force were killed while serving a warrant. Five others were hurt during the shootout, all the details coming up. But first, signs of Democrat panic. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: Yes, Bidenomics is sinking its namesake.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID CHALIAN, CNN POLITICAL DIRECTOR: And when you ask, how is the economy going today? What's your reading of it? 30 percent, 30 percent of Americans say it's good. 70 percent of Americans say it's poor. The economy is overwhelmingly the most important issue for voters. The economy is still front and center for people.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: 70 percent of those surveyed say the economy is poor. You got to wonder who the heck are the 30 percent think it's good. Are there that many billionaires out there? Now we'll dig into a lot of this tonight. But these putrid economic numbers are just one indicator among many pointing to a possible Trump win in November. And it has the White House, the Democrats and the regime media in a full-blown panic.Now, they know that if the election were covered fairly, if Biden were forced to do debates, he wouldn't have a chance. So, they need to convince voters that an actual campaign is bad for America.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS, ABC NEWS ANCHOR: Until now, no American president had ever faced a criminal trial. Until now, no American presidential race have been more defined by what's happening in courtrooms than what's happening on the campaign trail. Until now.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Forget playing pickleball, spewing sanctimony is obviously Stephanopoulos's favorite pastime.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHANOPOULOS: The scale of the abnormality is so staggering that it can actually become numbing. It's all too easy to fall into reflexive habits, to treat this as a normal campaign, for both sides embrace the rule of law, where both sides are dedicated to debate based on facts and the peaceful transfer of power. But that is not what's happening this election year.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Says who? If we're not debating facts in this election, whose fault is that? It's every so-called news network that's acting as a surrogate calm shop for Biden. That's who. What is he talking about? Certainly not the fact that the party in power is trying to put its main political opponent in prison. Is that democracy?Look, know this, to these people, democracy is imperiled. It's on the brink, if and only if Trump is allowed to campaign, and then if the voters choose him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHANOPOULOS: Those bedrock tenets of our democracy are being tested in a way we haven't seen since the Civil War. It's a test for the candidates, for those of us in the media, and for all of us as citizens.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now who needs church, can go to Mass on Sunday when you've got George's sermon. The night before the Big Guy gave his marching orders to the media at the White House Correspondents Dinner.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The defeated former president has made no secret of his attack on our democracy. He said he wants to be a dictator on day one, and so much more. And he promised a bloodbath when he loses. I'm sincerely not asking you to take sides but ask you to rise up to the seriousness of the moment.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I'm not asking you to take sides. Yes, right. But if you don't, good golly will bury you. But it wasn't just Stephanopoulos' monologue. It was The New York Times Michael Barbaro in his podcast today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL BARBARO, THE DAILY PODCAST HOST: Starting today, we begin a series of episodes leading up to Election Day that will explore what a second Trump presidency would look like, and what it would mean for American democracy. On the campaign trail. Trump has outlined a second term that is far more radical, vindictive, and unchecked than his first one.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I love the way the music underscores like a fearmongering about a Trump second term. But what about how Biden has done? What about -- how the fact that he's wrecked the country in his first term, pushing boys and men into women's sports, forcing people to give up their gas-powered cars, dismantling common sense border policies, but Trump again he'd be radical.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLES SAVAGE, AUTHOR: What the conservative legal movement has set Trump up to do and what he went out wants to do or the people around him are saying, sir, we can help you do is to move into a more volatile situation where whoever happens to be president at any given time, can take us in a radical direction very quickly.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Then there is the inconvenient trend among Hispanic voters. Politico is sounding the alarm, and Joe Biden will keep telling them things that are great, and Trump is dangerous. Yes. As if the economy and losing ground with the fastest-growing demographic group wasn't bad enough. The bratty pro-Palestine protests on college campuses are hurting Biden too. Entitled brats who feel justified in ruining college for everyone else.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This encampment is a minor inconvenience compared to the generational shaping events taking place now in Gaza.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We demand divestment. We will not be moved and let by force.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Of course, you can always count on the Washington composts to lend Biden a hand in framing the story during this panic. Today's headline, GOP seizes on campus protests to depict chaos under Biden. Look, you don't need to depict chaos. The chaos speaks for itself, whether at the universities or at the border, it's the opposite of calm and orderly.But Sunday panelists on NBC seemed to understand that they're on shaky ground here. Maybe the Never Trump Republicans and the squad, maybe they aren't really a natural coalition after all.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Biden has a challenge really in trying to keep together his broad disparate coalition of voters.JONATHAN MARTIN, JOURNALIST: It's a precarious coalition from AOC to the JD (ph) family, they don't have a lot in common. You can't keep those folks away from either a third-party candidate or staying home all together. There goes Michigan, Wisconsin, and there goes the presidency.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And there goes press objectivity. But then there's the other potential sinkhole for Joe Biden. What if putting all their eggs in the abortion basket, OK, that's a very unfortunate wording, was a really stupid move. What worked in the midterms may not work in the general.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SARAH ISGUR, POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: Donald Trump went into this month ahead in every swing state and you see Joe Biden starting to narrow at least some of those margins in those swing states, though Donald Trump is still ahead in the vast majority of them. But are people really tuned into this? Are they seeing sleepy dawn et cetera? This seems like only the high information voters are paying attention.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Translation, dumb people, according to her will vote for Trump and the smart people at ABC will vote for Biden. Now, CBS's Executive Director of Elections, fancy title, also implied that voters should be thinking differently if they're really smart about Trump, and COVID.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We ask them, OK, look back to the economy during the Trump years. How do you remember it? And majority say they remember it as being good.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Because they forget about the Pandemic?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, they seem to be skipping over the Pandemic. And that's exactly what that tells you in their memory of this.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, this is just goofy. The journal elites are now just inventing fictional narratives on the spot. The truth is, most voters know that Biden kept COVID restrictions in place far longer than he had to. And they see that Trump rushed the government into action to help the people in that pre-Pandemic, the economy was rocking. And it was set up to rock again in January 2021. And then came Biden.So, smart voters see that it's Biden, not Trump, who blew it and you bet they're mad. But here's a dose of reality for our friends in the press. For years now, you have failed to cover the real failures of the administration. You gaslit us about how well the economy was doing, and then you pretended that Ukraine was winning when it wasn't. And then you claim that things were returning to normal, when instead, the hard Left has become increasingly antisemitic and anti-American. We tried to warn you, but you wouldn't listen.Americans want a government that will help them, not one that despises them. And come November, they have a pretty good chance of getting what they want. And that's the Angle.All right. Joining me now Mollie Hemingway, Editor-in-Chief of The Federalist and Fox News Contributor, also with me, Ned Ryun, American Majority Founder and CEO. Mollie, you see the panic button being hit on several -- in several ways. But what does the media stand to gain here from just indulging in this fantasy that the people just don't understand how good it is under Biden?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, in recent years, we've seen the media go from near bias which we saw was very problematic for decades into outright propaganda. They manufacture stories, they suppress stories, they put their hand on one side of the ledger for every single issue that affects elections. So, what do they stand to gain? They gain power by advocating for their preferred political party.Just as you said, Laura, so many bad things are happening and it's partly happening because the media are not covering the true story of what happens when one administration and other Democrat prosecutors try to imprison and bankrupt their political opposition. That's actually horrific. And yet you don't hear the media covering that. Honestly, they also don't cover any other issue, honestly, whether it's border, crime, foreign policy, or anything else that we're dealing with.INGRAHAM: Now, you know, that the Democrats, Ned, are really panicking when they're lashing out at MSNBC,(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): Donald Trump has the worst record of job loss of any president. So, we just have to make sure people know.KATY TUR, NBC NEWS ANCHOR: That was a global Pandemic.PELOSI: He had the worst record of any president. We've had other concerns in our country. If you want to be an apologist for Donald Trump, that that may be your role, but it ain't mine and he has the worst --TUR: I don't think that anybody can accuse me of that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, Nancy mad, Ned. Nancy, mad. Poor MSNBC like we've been carrying his water for years and now you're pushing back on us for like one comment.NED RYUN, CEO AND FOUNDER, AMERICAN MAJORITY: Yes, I'm pretty sure Katy Tur is never -- should never be accused of being an apologist for Donald Trump over the last eight years, but whatever. I mean, I think the thing that that as Mollie said, these corporate propagandists, I call them stenographers of the state, they do want power, they seek power, they're going to prop up this demented old fool as best they can to see if they can get him reelected.But I think the thing we should understand about Biden, about the democratic, modern Democratic Party, about the corporate propagandists, they've been done with representative democracy for a very long time. I would argue for the last century with Woodrow Wilson, the administrative state, but their idea of democracy is one party rule, and they are in perpetual power.And really, when they talk about democracy, what I'm seeing and hearing is, it's the wolf of authoritarianism clothed in sheep's clothing. That's what they're really talking about, Laura, and they're all working together to make sure they achieve that November 5th and continue to have perpetual power. That's where all their policies are aimed. They want to stop disinformation. They want to have a broken border to import new voters. They want to have perpetual power. That's their idea of democracy.INGRAHAM: Well, this idea of Mollie that scaring voters is the key to defeating Trump when most people are so miserable in their own economic standing. Watch what they're trying to do. We'll get your comment on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The point that I think voters need to understand that if they think this is just going to be a replay of the first Trump presidency, which was chaotic enough, you know that that would be a huge mistake. And so, this is the task, of course, in 2024, is to actually try to very thoroughly imagine and describe what a presidency based on vengeance and retribution really looks like.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I mean, Mollie, the fact that people even pay attention to that gas bag at this point. I mean, I guess he hosted a radio show or host one, I don't know. But they keep doing the same thing. It literally is the definition, I think of insanity at this point, just see that type of face on -- in your dictionary for insanity. And that's it.HEMINGWAY: Yes, it absolutely is. We all lived through the Trump presidency. We all know what the economy was like. We all know that peace was breaking out. We saw historic Abraham Accords, we had -- we were moving towards securing our border, we were pushing back against some of the America hating ideology that has -- that threatens to destroy the entire Republic.We've also all lived under the Biden administration. And the idea that people don't want to return to a nicer situation for themselves and their family is absurd. It is true that there was chaos, but the chaos was entirely manufactured by the media. And the chaos was really about pushing back against Washington, DC's destruction of America. And a lot of people say I'd rather have personal success and chaos in DC than the way it is now, which is everything is going great from DC's perspective, but horrible for the rest of the country.INGRAHAM: Mollie, Ned, brilliant as always. Thanks so much. All right, Joe Biden isn't going to like this one.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I see my family members go through troubles of trying to buy houses, rent apartments, everything is going up these past four years to make it struggling as you said for young adults.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, an economic reality check for the President in moments.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Oh, it's so sad. Very sad. The bad news keeps piling up for Joe Biden. Over the weekend, a new CNN poll of registered voters blew apart that Biden comeback narrative that we've been telling you about over the last few weeks. Trump is leading in this poll 49 to 43. And as I mentioned in the Angle, one of the top reasons why is the economy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Would you say you're better off now or four years ago?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Four years ago, for sure. Inflation is horrible, our use of military and other areas are horrible, and we know we paid too much taxes, we're sending all that money overseas.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm not better off today than I was four years ago. I would say that the economy is definitely worse than it was.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think it's scary as young adults who are preparing to enter the real world, like how are we going to pay off our student loans? How are we eventually going to buy a house? I think the state of the country is really scary.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: On a scale of one to 10, how would you rate President Biden's presidency?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Zero.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I would say one.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Probably a one.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would say like a two.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That high. We did run into some Biden supporters who gave him glowing reviews, but it really wasn't because of any policy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: On a scale of one to 10, how would you rate Biden's presidency?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Six.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why would you say that?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, I think that his ideas are right. I think his hearts in the right place.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think Biden is doing the very best he can. I'm a Biden fan. So, I would say you know, nine.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Nine.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What do you think he's good on?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think he's got kind heart.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining us now, Byron York, who also has a kind heart. Washington Examiner Chief Political Correspondent, Fox News Contributor. And Matt Towery, also has a good heart, political analysts and pollster. Byron, historically, bad poll numbers on the economy, usually not a recipe for success in an election year. But they're doing their darndest to try to spin this and I guess, send out the signal flares that this could be an emergency situation.BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, you can't spend inflation that I mean, that is the big problem. We have this unique election, where both candidates have been President of the United States, people can compare the two actual time in office. And then the CNN poll, 55 percent of the people said that Donald Trump's presidency was a success. And 61 percent of the people said Joe Biden's presidency so far has been a failure.And the reason that, for that, the biggest, biggest reason is inflation, because it has not gone away. It is cumulative. The inflation that we all suffered through and 2021, 2022, 2023 is still with us and getting bigger. And the most recent report, which we got about a month ago, is that it was higher than we think which killed any hopes of federal, the Fed cutting interest rates and people's hopes of buying a house. I mean, no wonder they are worried about the future.INGRAHAM: Well, Democratic Strategist Jim Carville, he had some interesting words for young voters. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: I hear this a lot. And when James young voters are just not into this, and you just can't blame them for (inaudible). Are you watching what is happening in the Supreme Court? But that's all right. You look (inaudible) 26-year-old, you don't feel like the elections important. I mean, he did not address in the issues that I care about.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Matt, insulting the young voters is something you know, Republicans have been accused of before. But I guess just get over the fact that you're unhappy. And you don't think the governments addressing your needs just worry about that, because Trump's a bad person.MATT TOWERY, POLITICAL ANALYST AND POLLSTER: I've known James, I've known James a while, I have to say he's a colorful guy, very, very smart strategist. Let's face it, but he's speaking his mind. Let's put it that way. They are losing younger voters. They appear to now be losing a larger degree of women than anyone thought. Hispanics, African Americans.You know, I have been Dr. Know on your show. Over and over again, I've said oh, the Republicans aren't doing this, right. They aren't doing this, right? The polls are all going to be worked against the Republicans in the end. And all that's possible. And all of that still is the case in some instances. But man, this is a major shift. And it was validated also by the Harvard Harris poll that came out today. That also shows Trump leading significantly.If we end up seeing these other names get on the ballot. So, this is the key thing to watch. Laura, in these major swing states, if these other names like Jill Stein, RFK, Jr. and Cornell West make it to the ballot, I don't see how Biden can survive, based on the numbers I'm seeing right now. You've never heard those words out of me in the last year and half.INGRAHAM: No, you've been very pessimistic. I'm almost worried now that you're optimistic, or slightly optimistic, Matt. All right. Biden said that he would debate Trump last week on Howard Stern, but some of his pals, they're not so sure.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARTIN: Biden's folks don't want him to debate, they don't want to give Trump that platform and risk exposing Biden like on national TV.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Except, I was thinking if I was in my old job from two years ago --MARTIN: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: -- you also don't want him to say no, because no is weak and no is fear, so you have to say, yes, they both have to say yes. Now whether this happens we all know there's lots of things that need to be negotiated.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, lots of things that need to be negotiated. Byron, whether this happens, what are the -- what are the -- what's the over under on this here with the -- with debate (inaudible) real odds.YORK: Very, very unlikely, really unlikely. Biden just blurted this out on The Howard Stern Show. And by the way, I watched the entire hour and 15 minutes interview --INGRAHAM: Sorry to hear that.YORK: --with Biden, you could not have had a more fawning, flattering, positive, easy interview, and Biden did get through it. But the idea of getting through an actual debate, clearly his team doesn't want that, they wouldn't even do a Super Bowl interview. So, this quick little Biden statement on Howard Stern, I don't think is going to end up being the position of the campaign.INGRAHAM: Matt, do you agree?TOWERY: Oh, I agree. I just think this debate is never going to happen. They'll find an excuse to say they don't like this; they don't like that. And let me just add, you know, they could say, oh, well, if President Trump somehow is convicted, they say, well, we're not going to debate someone who's been convicted --INGRAHAM: Right. Yes.TOWERY: -- in the court. They make up the rules all along, and we've seen - -INGRAHAM: Yes.TOWERY: -- it happen over and over again.INGRAHAM: Not going to happen. I've said this, I don't know for two years, never going to happen. Matt and Byron, thank you both. All right, it's one of Donald Trump's biggest rivals about to be his running mate. We're going to dive into it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: A tragic scene in Charlotte, North Carolina, tonight. Three U.S. Marshals shot and killed while doing their job, serving a warrant. Fox's Bill Melugin has the latest. Bill, tell us what happened.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Laura, the reports coming out of Charlotte tonight, unfortunately, are not looking good. So far, as you mentioned, three U.S. Marshals are dead, several local police officers are hurt as a result of a shootout with multiple armed suspects.Now, this is video of the scene in Charlotte from earlier this afternoon. That's where local residents report hearing active gunfire for hours as U.S. Marshals and the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department were trying to serve a fugitive warrant on somebody for felon in possession of a firearm.Well, police say as they approached the house to serve the warrant, they were shot at from inside that home. Officers shot back and ended up killing the shooter on the front lawn. But as they approached the house afterwards, officers were then met with more gunfire from inside the house.Ultimately, two people inside that home were detained, but tragically, three U.S. Marshals were killed. Four Charlotte police officers were injured, one critically.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We believe there are two shooters involved. Again, we have two people of interest at the police station that are being questioned right now. And we have confirmed that the individual that was set up, that we were serving the warrant on, was the individual who fired the initial shots and was deceased in the front yard at the end of all of this.UNKNOWN: It was like, pow, pow, pow, pow, pow. And then by the time I could turn in, pow, pow, pow, pow, pow.And then again, once I got here, it was again, pow, pow, pow, pow, pow.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: Now, the Fraternal Order of Police says at least 11 police officers all across the country have been shot in just the last three days alone. In reaction to this shooting, they tweeted out on X that there's a war on cops in America, and they call that a stain on society. Laura?INGRAHAM: Sure is. Bill, thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: What qualities are you looking for in your vice-presidential pick?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, always the first quality has to be somebody that you'll think be a good president. And I always say, I want people with common sense.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: His VP hunt is still ongoing, and a Sunday morning meeting between former President Trump and his former rival has tongues wagging. And didn't those guys hate each other five minutes ago?Well, Trump today posting on Truth Social, I'm very happy to have the full and enthusiastic support of Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida. The conversation mostly concerned how we would work closely together to make America great again.Meanwhile, another potential pick's chances may be euthanized. Joining me now to help unpack it all, Charlie Hurt, opinion editor at The Washington Times, Fox News contributor.Charlie, Trump called Governor of Florida, DeSanctimonious, ripped him for wearing boots. And DeSantis hit back too. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): Donald Trump is a lot different guy than he was in 2016. And he said Republicans were going to get tired of winning. Well, we saw last night, I'm sick of Republicans losing.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Even recently on a call with donors a few weeks back, DeSantis was expressing his reservations about the Trump candidacy. So, how do you put Humpy-Dumpty back together again?There's even some confusion about whether the vice president and president can be of the same state. The electors shall meet in their respective states and vote by ballot for two persons of whom one at least shall not be an inhabitant of the same state with themselves. Remember, that's in the Constitution.Charlie, what's going on here?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: So, first of all, in terms of DeSantis and Trump, you know, politics is adversarial. That's why you and I love it. That's why we have been following it for as long as we have, because it's a lot of fun. And there's some -- some fists get thrown and that's OK.But, you know, you can't -- when you look at the success that Ron DeSantis has had in Florida, you can't deny what an extraordinary record he has amassed. And he wouldn't have that record if it were not for Donald Trump.And as Donald Trump goes forward and he looks at the next four years as president, my biggest hope is that he considers his legacy and he considers the degree to which he needs to find a strong, smart fighter who can carry the America First agenda, not just for the next four years, but for eight years after that.And I can't think of anybody who would be better at that than Ron DeSantis. Obviously, he's not the greatest, most back-slapping, baby-hugging candidate in the world. And we saw that up close during the primary, but he's a very, very smart guy. He's very young. He's got a young family.INGRAHAM: But Charlie, I would to you, he has pretty much everything, OK. Maybe on the charisma factor, people criticize him for that. But, I mean, the whole miracle of Florida, and Trump endorsed him for sure. That obviously really helped DeSantis when he was in a tight race. But the actual running of the state of Florida, other than, you know, Governor Abbott in Texas, this hands down, he's the best governor in the United States. Not even close.HURT: Yeah.INGRAHAM: So just on merit, he's the best.HURT: And I think it takes -- yeah. And the fights that he's gotten into over immigration, that he's won, his ability to -- yeah, absolutely fantastic. And he's kind of a nerd and nerds don't particularly do well in politics, but they can be very good at governing.And Donald Trump, who is not a nerd, is, has a -- he -- I don't -- and you know this as well as I do. Nobody we've ever met has better political instincts than Donald Trump. And that duo, the two of them, the nerd and the political Svengali genius together, all bets are off.INGRAHAM: What about the constitutional provision, article two, section two, regarding the electors choosing people from the same state?HURT: All right. I feel like the C student in your con law class, and the professor is asking me the question she knows better than I do. But of course, that's not -- that does not prohibit Trump from picking somebody from his own state. It simply complicates things. It's a holdover from back when the electoral college picked separate vice president and president.But, you know, and obviously, it could wind up in a funny situation if it's a close race where Trump would win. And because Florida electors can't vote for both of them, DeSantis would lose or wouldn't win and we wouldn't have a vice president. But then it just gets kicked to Congress.And if Democrats want to prevent Ron DeSantis from being seated out of --INGRAHAM: The real election, of course they would want that.HURT: -- how great would that be?INGRAHAM: Yeah. Charlie, we didn't even get to Kristi Noem, but that would be barking up the wrong tree perhaps with you, because that just -- anyway, that story is obvious. All right, Charlie, thank you. Great to see you.All right. A Jewish UCLA professor says protesters physically attacked him while he walked on campus today. He's here to tell his story, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: After extending their deadline multiple times, Columbia University finally said, get out or get suspended. Fox news national correspondent Alexis McAdams joins us live, where she's almost an honorary student at this point, with the latest. Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Laura. Yeah, I should enroll here anytime, right? But 7:45 and counting here, these students were supposed to be out of here, out of this so-called Gaza solidarity encampment around two o'clock, but deadline, schmed line, right?So, I'm going to step out of the way here and you can kind of see what's going on behind us. This is a look at the tents that have been in the middle of this campus here at Columbia University, where the group says they're not backing down. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The university has conducted itself with -- and arrogance. Refusing to flexible on some of our most basic points. That said, we were engaging (INAUDIBLE) under threat of suspension.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: So, still tonight with that encampment here behind us, the university has now said they are in the process of suspending students. When we've tried to ask how many students have been suspended here, how many will not be allowed on this campus in class or a graduation? We didn't get an answer just yet.So, just kind of looking around here, this is what's happening here hours though, after the embattled university president Minouche Shafik said she'd suspend the students who didn't clear out, but it's just kind of taking some time here.Also, a look from above, Laura, at the dozens of tents still set up at Columbia. We've noticed about 20 of them are now gone. There was about a hundred out here just last week.This afternoon, the school said that students who didn't leave or sign a form saying they would abide by university policy, that sounds pretty simple, are now not allowed to attend class or graduate. So far, one arrest outside of the campus gates. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: And it's not just here at Columbia, but protests continue at NYU in New York, the university setting a deadline of this afternoon there to clear out the area where the protesters are sleeping every night. And now the school says they'll move forward with disciplinary action there.So, back out here live at Columbia, Laura, you can kind of take a quick look too right outside of the gates. That's where the action has been tonight as the students have kind of cleared out of this encampment, and many of the people who just live around here that are chanting from the river to the sea, Palestine must be free, and calling on the university to protect the students are outside of those gates.The NYPD hasn't moved in just yet, but they're ready and they're waiting for the call. Laura.INGRAHAM: All right, Alexis, thank you so much as always. All right, now to UCLA, where a Jewish doctor and professor says he was assaulted by protesters on his own campus.Now, this happened as he was getting ready to appear on America Reports.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Just insane. They have lost all control of this entire campus. I'm a professor here for 22 years, assaulted walking to my interviews. I'm going to keep doing my interview because this has to be -- the truth has to come out. They literally physically assaulted me on the way over here.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Dr. Nir Hoftman, professor at UCLA. Doctor, what happened? Are you OK?NIR HOFTMAN, UCLA PROFESSOR: Good evening and thank you for asking. So, I was basically walking to the main quad area to give the interview and other interviews for other news stations. And basically, like two or three thugs tried to block my approach to that open area.At first, I just kind of didn't even notice them. I ignored them. Then one of them stood right in front of me and said, you can't walk this way. So, I just walked around him, you know, but I was staring at my phone because I was giving a zoom interview. And all of a sudden, some guy tackled me from the side. I didn't even see him coming. I got like a whiplash and my ear bud flew out.And then the security people that were there were just kind of watching and really not doing anything. And then this guy took my ear pad and ran. So, I know where he is now because I can find my ear pad. I know exactly where he is, but the police don't want to go get him.INGRAHAM: So, you went to the UCLA campus police facility, and today to file a report and this is what happened. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HOFTMAN: Is there anyone in this building? I'm trying to file a police report. This is the police station. This is just insane. This is insane. There is nobody -- this is defund the police. There's no police.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Professor, are they at breakfast? I mean, where were they?HOFTMAN: I have no idea. And, you know, I eventually went home. I was totally dispirited. And then I just called 911, and then they transferred me to UCPD and they told me to come back.So, just before this interview, I went back there and I spoke to the, I guess, the senior station officer who basically told me that, you know, he thinks this is disgusting.And if he thinks this is bad, there are security people assaulted yesterday during the peaceful rally. One of them was literally kidnapped into the encampment and they barely got that person out.But they have no authority to go in there and clear this. It's total lawlessness. It's just anarchy. It's the wild west here.INGRAHAM: And UCLA, a campus I've been on so many times. It's so beautiful. It's such a -- look at you. Look at where you are. Just outrageous that this is happening. We asked UCLA, professor, for a statement on your situation. They didn't get back to us.But yesterday they said that UCLA is a long history of being a place of peaceful protest. We're heartbroken about the violence that broke out on campus. That's what they said. Professor, quickly, your response.HOFTMAN: Well, you know, like I told earlier, 9-11 is heartbreaking. This is not heartbreaking because the violence that erupted yesterday was when those protesters basically tried to kick us out of our protest.Our protest actually had a permit. We were -- we had a space, a quad where we were supposed to peacefully protest. They came in and assaulted elderly people and tried to push us off of our protest. And that is what they're referring to as the heartbreaking violence.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Yeah. Well, Nir, you don't deserve free speech. Only they do. Get it straight. We appreciate you're telling your story. Thank you.Now, how did the White House Correspondents Dinner become a political rally? And Mama La Harris hits the talk show circuit. Raymond Arroyo has it all. Seen and Unseen is next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It's time for Seen and Unseen where we reveal the stories behind the headlines, for that we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo.All right, Raymond, President Biden was kind of treated like he's a conquering hero at the White House Correspondents Dinner the other night.RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, look, even as he was granted them, Laura, and has granted them less access, less interviews, less press conferences than any of his predecessors, Biden used the media love fest to ridicule the press.And as you mentioned in the Angle, told them what they had to do this political season.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: All my friends in the press and Fox News. Some of you complained that I don't take enough of your questions. No comment. I'm sincerely not asking of you to take sides, but asking to rise up to the seriousness of the moment.I think in your hearts, you know what's at stake. Every single one of us has a role to play. A serious role to play in making sure democracy endures, American democracy. I'm on my role, but in all due respect, so do you.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: But it gives the impression, Laura, that they're all playing the same role. And that is not -- this should be adversarial. And it isn't. It makes it look like they're part of one Washington organism.I thought this was disgraceful and it should have been boycotted, frankly. The press should have boycotted the president being here.INGRAHAM: I mean, this was kind of fun in the early years, Raymond, and kind of, oh, isn't it? But it's just gotten -- I don't know. I don't mean to be a spoilsport here. But the guy is just -- he's never doing real interviews.So how do you get up there and write a post for President Biden when he's basically giving you the stiff arm? So, I don't get that.ARROYO: And joking about it and you're sitting there laughing.INGRAHAM: Yeah.ARROYO: And remarkably, you saw that performance, Laura. Van Jones over at CNN. Listening to him you would have thought Biden's act at the correspondence dinner rivaled Beyonce. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You know, I love Joe Biden. This guy has real charisma. There's a reason that he keeps exceeding expectations.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: What did he watch? Joe Biden could barely eat his salad, Laura. It took repeated attempts. If this is charisma, I'd hate to see what decay looks like.INGRAHAM: Charisma? I mean, maybe 40 years ago, he had some kind of goofy charm, but charisma? I don't think so. SNL's Colin, is it Jost or Jost? I don't even know how to say it.ARROYO: Jost.INGRAHAM: Jost. Tried to keep the jokes kind of even handed, at least until the end. I understand.ARROYO: Yeah, look, there were funny moments, Laura, but he ended his routine with an ingratiating story about how his grandfather cast his last vote for Joe Biden, and CNN ran with the narrative.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: That was Colin Jost just finishing out there. Ending that way was really an endorsement of President Biden.UNKNOWN: His grandfather voted for Donald Trump, excuse me, voted for President Biden because of decency. Politics aside, it was a poignant plea.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's why he said --ARROYO: It's not poignant. It's partisanship, Laura. It's partisanship. He should have been -- comics exist to hold the truth up and to lampoon the powerful. Journalists are to hold them to account. Both failed at this dinner. And I'm sorry, they shouldn't be praised for doing that. It's a disservice to the public and all.INGRAHAM: Meanwhile, Kamala has been sent out, Raymond, to hit the talk show circuit and landed in the lap, again, of Drew Barrymore.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Apparently, some people love to talk about the way I laugh.UNKNOWN: Oh, yes.HARRIS: OK.UNKNOWN: I love your laugh.UNKNOWN: We all need a mom. I've been thinking that we really all need a tremendous hug in the world right now. But in our country, we need you to be Momala of the country.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, somebody needs a therapist. I mean, Kamamala --(CROSSTALK)ARROYO: Little support group, I think, and leave politics alone.INGRAHAM: Did they actually -- did she actually jump into her lap at that point or what happened?ARROYO: But they were close enough. Anything could have happened, Laura.INGRAHAM: I mean --ARROYO: I didn't stay around that long.INGRAHAM: When I think of Drew Barrymore, Raymond, I think of that adorable pigtailed little girl in E.T. She was, I mean, that's it for me. I'm not going to even talk about Drew Barrymore after, I'm sounding like Joe Biden, after E.T. because that was perfection for her. All right, Raymond, thank you.ARROYO: Well, I'm going to phone home now. Good.INGRAHAM: All right. Go phone home. All right. That's it for us tonight. Follow me on social -- special -- I can't even speak. You're talking in my ear. All right, McCallum next and Jesse.