DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh, my gosh, thank you King Charles so much for that portrait unveiling of Percy, we appreciate it.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Neutered just like Prince Harry. All right, are we out of time, Judge?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: We're out of time.GUTFELD: We are out of time. OK, I guess we'll move on to some guy named Bret.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thanks. You know, I've learned that THE FIVE is not cat people. They're not cat people.GUTFELD: No, we're not. Sad.BAIER: No, 100 percent not. OK, Greg. Thanks.PERINO: See you.BAIER: Good evening. Welcome to Washington I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, the key prosecution witness in the criminal trial, former President Donald Trump has concluded his testimony and the prosecution rested its case today.But before that, former Trump attorney and self-described fixer Michael Cohen admitted on the stand to stealing tens of thousands of dollars from his boss's company.When the defense took over, Cohen was followed on the stand by one of his former legal advisors. Now, there's been a request by the defense for the judge to dismiss the case from the bench.Correspondent Nate Foy is outside the New York State Supreme Court again tonight. Good evening, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. After testimony from key witnesses, Michael Cohen and Bob Costello, Trump attorney Todd Blanche requested that the judge dismissed this case on the grounds that prosecutors did not prove that Trump falsified business records or did anything illegal to influence the 2016 presidential election. The judge reserved his decision and Trump spoke about that while leaving court tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And hopefully, the motion to dismiss this trial will go through, because this trial is a disaster for our country. It's a disaster for New York State.FOY (voice over): For more than a week of testimony, Michael Cohen is off the stand and the prosecutors rested their case. Now, it's the defense's turn with Trump's lawyers calling attorney Bob Costello, who testified about his consultant work with Cohen in 2018.Costello told the jury, "Michael Cohen said numerous times that President Trump knew nothing about the payment to Stormy Daniels."Earlier, Cohen acknowledged he knew during those conversations his attorney client privilege prevented Costello from sharing any information with President Trump. But Cohen previously told the jury he lied to Costello because of that fear.Cohen also admitted to stealing roughly $60,000. Cohen overbuild the Trump Organization for money paid to a tech company called Red Finch for helping improve Trump's position in a poll.When asked by Trump attorney Todd Blanche, "You did steal from the Trump Organization based upon the expected reimbursement from Red Finch." Cohen responded with an affirmative, yes, sir.TRUMP: This is a witch hunt. This is to damage -- crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of our country by far -- by far, to damage his political opponent.FOY (voice over): While serving as Trump's personal attorney, Cohen received hundreds of thousands of dollars from other clients. One of them communicated with Cohen only six times. This supports Trump's position that all payments to Cohen represent legitimate legal expenses, despite his limited work for Trump in 2017.But Cohen says all those payments reimbursed him for the Stormy Daniels deal. The judge estimated today that closing arguments will happen next week.(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY (on camera): Bret, Trump's team indicates that Costello may in fact be their final witness now. He will take the stand again tomorrow when his cross examination resumes at 9:30. Trump's team did not say publicly if Trump himself will testify but our legal analyst say that's unlikely, Bret.BAIER: Nate, the atmosphere around the court. He's had a lot of supporters show up and do basically mini press conferences outside. Today, it seemed to be that they were bombarded by people yelling at them.FOY: That's absolutely right, Bret. Some anti-Trump protesters were screaming during that press conference. Several dozen out here in the park across from the courthouse. There are also some supporters of the former president. However, today there were definitely more people who are against him.BAIER: OK. Nate Foy outside the courthouse. Nate, thanks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: I'm still kind of reeling from the revelation that Michael Cohen stole money from the Trump Organization.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm shocked that we are hearing it for the first time on day three of cross examination.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There's an argument to be made that actually you're just an opportunistic thief.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Stealing $60,000 through fraud, which will be larceny in New York State is more serious of a crime than falsifying business records.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Some reaction to today's testimony in the cross. Let's get some analysis from former Assistant United States Attorney Andy McCarthy.Andy, I know you were in the courthouse -- courtroom today. Your thoughts on the end of the day here as the prosecution rests and the defense gets ready to get to the end of their case.ANDREW MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I think it got very contentious at the end, Bret. There was clearly a lot of tension between Bob Costello, the witness who was called by the defense case and Juan Merchan.Juan Merchan's ruling seemed to be a little bit erratic. Bob Costello is a very experienced savvy New York defense lawyer. Obviously, didn't understand how the same question seemed to produce a sustained objection, an overruled objection seriatim, and he got a little bit exasperated and then the judge got exasperated because Bob got exasperated. So, that's the kind of close that we had today.BAIER: Yes, I mean, the judge at one point, this is according to Forbes, Juan Merchan to Costello, "You don't give me a side eye and you don't roll your eyes. When there's a witness on the stand. If you don't like my ruling, you don't say, geez, you don't say strike it. Are you staring me down before ordering the courtroom to be cleared?"So, listen, that back and forth, and you make an interesting point about how far, how much leeway he gave Stormy Daniels, for example, in testimony -- her testimony. Do you think in retrospect, to what you saw at the end here, that the defense maybe should have rested before you got to Costello?MCCARTHY: Oh, I don't think so. I think he's an important witness for them. The fact that he had tension with the judge doesn't necessarily hurt the defense I don't think. The thing to remember that's important, Bret, I think, is that Cohen testified that he lied to Costello.So, the thing is, when Costello speaks, you know, Cohen could have said, I don't remember what I told him or something along those lines. He's -- Cohen instead said he lied to Costello.So, Costello gets into the witness chair with a kind of a presumption that he's telling the truth, because the other guy already admitted to lying to him. I think that's helpful for the defense.BAIER: All right, so you know, in totality, when you see all that's been presented so far, do you think that the prosecution has come close to getting to whatever this underlying crime was or saying the business records that Trump directly said you had to list the business records that way?MCCARTHY: Yes, I think the big thing, Bret, is the other crime. There's an argument that at least some of the business records are falsified whether you can pin that on Trump, they have very broad law in New York that he could have caused someone else to do that. So, they may have an argument on falsification, at least with some things, especially the invoices.But on the other crime, there's not a shred of evidence that Trump was even thinking about the campaign laws, let alone that he willfully violated them. And I think the important thing as far as Trump's concern in terms of taking what the -- what the prosecution is giving him, If Trump were the person that prosecutors portrayed, who watches every penny, and was thinking about the campaign laws, then he would have used campaign funds to pay these NDAs. There's no reason to think that he wouldn't have done that. And then just put legal expenses on his FEC disclosures, just as he -- they put legal expenses in the business records.So, I don't think there's any evidence that Trump was even thinking about the campaign laws, let alone that he willfully violated them.BAIER: And then very quickly, the expert that the defense wanted to bring, I guess Brad Smith, the FEC expert, the judge is saying no go?MCCARTHY: Yes, I think it's pretty outrageous too, because the judge allowed the prosecutors to elicit from Cohen and Pecker that they respectively Cohen pled guilty to two campaign finance charges, and Pecker had a non-prosecution agreement.So, he's essentially let the jury be instructed by Cohen and Pecker on the law. And here you have Brad Smith, someone who actually knows campaign finance law and Merchan is keeping them off the -- off the witness stand.BAIER: Well, Andy, that's interesting perspective from the inside of that court. We appreciate your time tonight.MCADAMS: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: Breaking tonight, the chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, the ICC says he is seeking arrest warrants for Israeli and Hamas leaders over their actions during the seven month war.The prosecutor says he believes Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his defense minister along with three Hamas officials are responsible for war crimes and crimes against humanity. The U.S. is rejecting those claims and the ICC is unifying, at least right now the Israelis and Palestinians in their response. Here's State Department Correspondent Gillian Turner.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We reject the ICC's application for arrest warrants against Israeli leaders. Contrary to allegations against Israeli were made by the International Court of Justice. What's happening is not genocide. We reject that.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The Biden administration says the International Criminal Court has no authority to request arrest warrants for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Foreign Minister Yoav Gallant or Hamas leaders, President Biden insisting there is no equivalence, none between Israel and Hamas. But the ICC prosecutor says both sides have committed grave atrocities during the seven month war in Gaza.KARIM KHAN, INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURT: The crimes include starvation of civilians as a method of warfare, willfully causing great suffering, willful killing or murder, and intentionally directing attacks against a civilian population. As well as crimes against humanity, of extermination.TURNER (voice over): The State Department and Israel are indicating the ICC's handling of this case underscores a deep bias against Israel.MATT MILLER, U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: Prosecutor was scheduled to go to Israel and his staff was scheduled to go there today. We're puzzled to understand why he would yank those trips and go on television to make an announcement something that also is very strange.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: The prosecutor's absurd charges against being Israel's defense minister, a merely an attempt to deny Israel the basic right of self-defense. And I assure you of one thing, this attempt will utterly fail. TURNER (voice over): Human rights lawyer Amal Clooney, who advised the ICC on this case insists, "Despite our diverse personal backgrounds, our legal findings are unanimous."(END VIDEOTAPE)TURNER (on camera): Well, Clooney will host a fundraiser for President Biden next month. As for the ICC, neither the United States nor Israel is a party to the court. Meaning, when those arrest warrants are issued over the coming weeks, Israeli officials will still have freedom to travel into and out of the United States as they please, Bret.BAIER: Gillian, a U.S. national security adviser Jake Sullivan, just returning from a trip to Saudi Arabia, trying to further plans for normalization with Israel in the middle of all of this. Where does that stand?TURNER: Well, Bret, the U.S. is inching closer now to this historic security deal. All sides insists that normalizing relations between the Saudis and the Israelis is a top tier priority.But as you can imagine, the war in Gaza right now is dominating Israeli official's time and energy. Another wrinkle here is the Saudi king's failing health. He's 80 years old right now receiving treatment for a lung infection, no small matter.We are also just learning Bret that his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman just canceled a trip he was supposed to take to Japan these next four days in order to stay back at home. So, we're going to be tracking that for you, Bret.BAIER: We're tracking it all. Gillian Turner live at the State Department. Gillian, thanks.Iranian authorities are trying to determine what caused a helicopter crash that took the life of Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi and his foreign minister and several other officials. Their bodies were discovered today in a mountainous region of the country's Northwest Territory. Correspondent Trey Yingst has the latest tonight from Tel Aviv.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Amid dense fog pieces of a crashed helicopter appear on board was Iran's President Ebrahim Raisi, the country's foreign minister and five others.ADEM METAN, TURKISH NEWS VLOGGER (through translator): The tail of the helicopter is here. The rest is on that side. We came here under very difficult conditions.YINGST (voice over): There were no survivors in Sunday's crash near the border with Azerbaijan. The disaster prompting Iran supreme leader to announce a five day mourning period for his country. While plans get underway for new elections within 50 days.There are questions about who will fill the role of Ebrahim Raisi, a man commonly known as the Butcher of Tehran, a former hardline prosecutor with a direct role in ordering the executions of political prisoners in the 1980s.In the interim, Iran's first vice president Mohammad Mokhber, a former banker, who is considered to be more moderate than Raisi will run Iran's executive branch.MOHAMMAD MOKHBER, IRANIAN ACTING PRESIDENT (through translator): This is a serious incident for all of us. It is sad and upsetting. But in the interest of the country and our people, we won't have any disruption.YINGST (voice over): As Iranian leadership assures citizens about the stability of their government. Condolences are pouring in from Iran's allies around the world.Today, the U.S. State Department was questioned about the death of Raisi after deputy U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Robert Wood was part of a group to stand and honor the late Iranian president.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Does the state program view that as appropriate taking part in that kind of observance?MILLER: Let me say a few things. One, we have been quite clear that Ebrahim Raisi was a brutal participant in the repression of the Iranian people for nearly four decades. That said, we regret any loss of life. We don't want to see anyone dying on helicopter crash.(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): Today, the director of the International Atomic Energy Agency held a moment of silence for late Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi. An interesting moment given Iran's prior nuclear expansion under Raisi's rule, Bret.BAIER: Trey Yingst live in Tel Aviv. Trey, thank you.Up next, President Biden gets aggressive against corporate America, as he tries to relate to voters upset about inflation.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The Food and Drug Administration, the FDA will allow billionaire Elon Musk's Neuralink to implant its brain chip in a second person. Wall Street Journal is reporting the company is trying to fix a problem that occurred in the first patient. Tiny wires inside the brain of that person had pulled out of position, apparently. The company intends to fix the problem by embedding some of the device's wires deeper into the person's brain, the second patient.Neuralink says the first patient was able to control a computer mouse using their thoughts with no ill effects.Stocks were mixed today. The Dow lost 197. The S&P 500 gained five. The NASDAQ was up 109 to a new record close today.The Biden administration is trying new messaging on inflation tonight. This comes following a fiery speech by President Biden, during a commencement in Atlanta, Sunday.Correspondent Mark Meredith is at the White House tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. Tonight, the White House is blaming higher prices on corporate America. It's a sign that the Biden team really is trying to find a new way to win over voters who are simply fed up with inflation.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The story of the Jewish people is a story of resilience.MEREDITH: (voice over): As President Biden marks Jewish American Heritage Month, his staff is sending out memos, urging American companies to lower prices.The White House says too many businesses are, "Keeping prices elevated despite inflation falling."Today, retail giant target announced its cutting prices on 5,000 items, but not because costs are down. Data shows since January 2021, prices overall are up 19 percent. Instead, the company writes, "We know consumers are feeling pressure to make the most of their budget."Fox polling shows only 30 percent of voters rate the economy as good or excellent, 70 percent see it is fair or poor.Today, a Federal Reserve official admitted prices are still too high.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Inflation readings in the first quarter of this year were disappointing.MEREDITH (voice over): Biden critics go even further.SEN. J.D. VANCE (R-OH): Higher inflation at home and war overseas. That's the Biden record.MEREDITH (voice over): This past weekend the president urged voters especially black Americans to stay with him.BIDEN: You know, black history is American history.MEREDITH (voice over): Speaking at Morehouse College's graduation, Biden begged voters not to stay home in November, saying there is a strong contrast between him and former President Trump.BIDEN: That's my commitment to you, to show your democracy, democracy, democracy. To call out the poison of white supremacy, to root out systemic racism.MEREDITH: Polling shows Biden's support in the black community slipping even as surrogates insists things are better now for black Americans.GOV. WES MOORE (D-MD): We now have a president, who is actually doing something about it, about the systemic challenges we have been facing.(END VIDEOTAPE)MEREDITH (on camera): This week, Democrats are expected to pivot to another major issue, immigration, The Senate expected to reconsider a bipartisan border security package, a bill that former President Trump came out against earlier this year.Bret, this could be an attempt to give some of these Democrats political cover in this election year and vulnerable states because border security continues to be a top issue among voters. Bret.BAIER: Mark Meredith, live in the North Lawn. Mark, thanks.In a speech this weekend, foreign president Trump demanded that current President Biden take a drug test before they begin their debates and the former president wants more of those debates.Meanwhile, Robert F Kennedy Jr. says his team is in discussions with debate organizers to make sure he's invited and that he says he will qualify for the first June debate, using the posted criteria.Chief Washington correspondent Mike Emanuel has details.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Former President Trump is committing to an additional presidential debate and a V.P. debate despite the Biden campaign attempts to keep only two presidential debates on the schedule.But before a Biden-Trump debate takes place, Mr. Trump says he wants to make sure his opponent is clean.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm going to demand a drug test too, by the way. I am. No, I really am.I don't want him coming in like the State of the Union, he was high as a kite.EMANUEL (voice over): White House spokesman Andrew Bates responded that Republican officials are intimidated by the president's State of the Union performance and, "Mistake confidence for a drug."A White House ally in the Senate says the 81-year-old Biden is prepared for the rigors of the campaign.SEN. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN (D-MD): I do not have concerns. Look, it's not about the age of the candidate. It's about the ideas the candidate what they are going to do for the American people.EMANUEL (voice over): Another candidate fighting to get on the debate stage is independent, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who says he's having discussions with CNN, which is hosting the first debate.RFK Jr. said a polling suggesting self-described Republicans and Democrats only make up 54 percent of the country, arguing that he represents a huge voting bloc.ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Independents represent 43 percent.Don't you think that there should be an independent on the stage/EMANUEL (voice over): Reaction from the Trump campaign is fine by them.KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP 2024 NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY: He has absolutely no problem with RFK Jr, being on that debate stage.EMANUEL (voice over): In terms of the veep stakes.SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): The only people that have spoken to me about vice president, for the most part are members of the media.(END VIDEOTAPE)EMANUEL (on camera): The other argument, RFK Jr. is making for him being on the debate stage is that by June 20, he expects to be qualified for enough state ballots to earn a possible 343 electoral votes.Kennedy aren't used Biden and Trump won't be in time for the first debate, because their party conventions when they become formal nominees happen later this summer, Bret.BAIER: I mean, technically he's right. That's a legal flip to stand on.EMANUEL: Exactly, right. So, he's pushing it trying to get on that debate stage.BAIER: All right. We'll see. Mike, thanks.EMANUEL: You bet.BAIER: Up next, Arkansas Republican Senator Tom Cotton on foreign policy issues, and if the sudden death of Iran's president changes the equation in the Middle East.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- his official condolences.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Condolences on behalf of the United States government.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm not sure you are offering condolences if this guy was as bad as you say he was.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Look --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I mean --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because we regret any loss of life.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Aren't you sending contradictory messages?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Absolutely not.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We didn't her this kind of statement when Yevgeny Prigozhin famously died in a plane crash.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not head of state.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Neither is Raisi. Is it a diplomacy thing that you hope will be reciprocated? Just talk us through --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It has nothing to do with hopes of anything that will transpire.(END VIDEO CLIP)BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: The State Department today talking about the death of Iran's president in a helicopter crash. Does it throw the Middle East into even more uncertainty tonight? Joining us now to talk about that and other things, Arkansas Republican Senator Tom otton. Senator, thanks for being here.SEN. TOM COTTON, (R-AR): Thanks, Bret. Good to be on.BAIER: What about the death? We don't know all the circumstances of the hospital crash, But we do know that the president, the foreign minister, and other officials died. You heard the State Department offer condolences and some of the questioning about that. Does it change the Middle East tonight?COTTON: No, Bret, I really don't think it does. In Iran they don't have hardliners and moderates. They have hardliners and harder-liners. The president of Iran was one of those harder-liners. But ultimately, decisions in Iran are made by the supreme leader. I think it's disappointing to hear the Biden administration expressing condolences for a man who is known as the butcher of Tehran for the thousands of his own people that he killed, still leading a regime chants "Death to America." I certainly don't have condolences or sympathy to extend to the ayatollahs in Iran. And for that matter, the people are Iran are probably pretty pleased that the butcher of Tehran is no longer there to torment them.But more broadly I don't think it will have any kind of significant impact across the region or on our interests, because, again, the supreme leader of Iran is the one who calls the shots there. He's the one that Joe Biden has been consistently trying to curry favor with and appease, whereas Donald Trump stood up to him for four years.BAIER: On the same day, the International Criminal Court, the ICC prosecutor is seeking arrest warrants for Prime Minister Netanyahu and Hamas leaders. Obviously Iran supports Hamas. "The Wall Street Journal", "Allegations against the Israeli leaders focus largely on what he said were decisions and actions taken by the Israeli government and military that have led to this humanitarian crisis inside Gaza." The president came out against that, the Israelis, even Palestinians have come out and said this is wrong. You have your own piece of legislation about the ICC.COTTON: I do. It's an outrageous moral equivalence which the president acknowledged that tells you how far to the left the International Criminal Court has gone. I was disappointed that President Biden didn't also refute the underlying claims that Israel, for instance, has intentionally targeted civilians for killing or tried to starve children.The civilians suffering happening in Gaza, which is real, is happening solely because of Hamas is using those civilians as human shields or props for international political strategies. I do have legislation that would impose sanctions on this rogue prosecutor and those in his office who have not just targeted Prime Minister Netanyahu now but also in the past targeted American soldiers as well. We're working with the Republican leadership in the House to try to pass that bill promptly and hopefully force Chuck Schumer's hand to bring it up in the Senate, because he also condemned the International Criminal Court today.But I would just say, the only reason we have to pursue this legislation is that Joe Biden reversed Donald Trump's decision to sanction this very office and this very court in the past. This is a rogue court that Congress has previously given the president power to stand up to. Joe Biden hasn't used that power. Donald Trump did.BAIER: You have been a proponent of Ukraine standing up to Russia, trying to push them out of there. Ukraine, this is "The Hill", "Ups pressure on the U.S. to allow strikes in Russia." Saying "This is insane." Here's some soundbites on that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OKSANA MARKAROVA, UKRAINIAN AMBASSADOR TO U.S.: The U.N. rule, the international law, and every other rules that exist in this country, which Russia violated, by the way, give us a clear right to defend ourselves by striking an aggressor.VICTORIA NULAND, FORMER UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE: It is time to give the Ukrainians more help hitting these bases inside Russia.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: That's big turn to start going after bases inside Russia and for the people who are concerned about World War III, et cetera, et cetera. You're a supporter of the supplemental that gave money to Ukraine. Where are you on this issue?COTTON: Well, I think Ukraine has to be able to target weapons depots and fuel depots and staging grounds for Russia. Otherwise, Russia is going to have free reign. It can't be the case Russia gets to shoot anywhere it wants in Ukraine and Ukraine can't target Russian troops and fuel and ammo depots just a kilometer or two over its border. That's one reason why you have seen Russian gains on the border regions, because President Biden has been putting pressure on Ukraine from the very beginning not to try to win this war but rather merely to try to not lose it only at the last second.It's very different from what Joe Biden did. If you remember, going back to Barack Obama, the first time Russia invaded Ukraine, all we sent to Ukraine was blankets and meals ready to eat. President Trump reversed that decision. He provided them with the very weapons that helped them fend off Russia in the battle of Kyiv in 2022. Now, again, Joe Biden allowed that Vladimir Putin to invade Russia and he's consistently been pussyfooting around for two years not providing Ukraine the weapons they need and the volumes they need defend their own territory.BAIER: You served in the U.S. military. You've been a leader in the Senate on intelligence in military. There are some people who look at the Republican party and say it's split now, and that there is more America first, maybe more, critics say, isolationist view in some Republicans' minds about where policy should be. Can you be both a Trump administration, President Trump supporter, and still be aggressive on foreign policy overseas?COTTON: I think there is no question because President Trump, like President Reagan, subscribed to a philosophy of peace through strength. We want peace, security, and stability around the world. We do not want war. But to make sure we have that peace and stability, we have to be prepared for war, we have to be strong. Take the case of Ukraine. Again, it seems that Vladimir Putin only invades Ukraine when Democrats are president, Barack Obama and Joe Biden. He did not do that when Donald Trump was president. Look in the Middle East. Again, we had peace, stability, and security with literal peace agreements between Israel and some of its Arab neighbors under President Trump. Under Barack Obama and Joe Biden we have had war raging throughout the region.What we want is a peaceful, stable world that protects America's interest. The way to achieve that, though, is through strong confident American leadership.BAIER: And you use Afghanistan as an example?COTTON: Yes, exactly.BAIER: All right, up next, we're going to talk to Senator Cotton about the presidential race, President Biden raising the heat this weekend, and a big speech down south.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Black men being killed on the street. What is democracy? The trail of broken promises still leaving black communities behind.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Donald Trump has said if he loses again in November there will be, quote, bloodshed. What in God's name are we talking about here?Trump isn't running to lead America. He's running for revenge.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: President Biden down south and this weekend over the weekend. We're back with Senator Tom Cotton. What do you make of some of the things that the president has been saying about the former president and how he characterizes this race?COTTON: Yes, well, Joe Biden is a weak and failed president. That's why he is trailing in almost every poll, and that's why he is now starting to throw Hail Mary's before we even reach Memorial Day in this campaign. He knows that under his watch we've had runaway inflation, families can't afford groceries or gas. Our border is totally open. It's a chaotic disaster with more than 10 million illegal aliens in our country. And Uncle Sam has a "kick me" sign on his back all around the world.So he's resorting to lies and distortions against President Trump, and I don't think the American people are going to fall for that because they remember that with Donald Trump we had stable prices and rising wages and good jobs. And we had a secure border, and we had America respected around the world. That's the choice they have this fall.BAIER: But, clearly, they are going to use January 6th and the threat to democracy as a big part of this campaign. Back January 6th, you put out a statement saying "No quarter for insurrectionists. Those who attacked the Capitol today should face the full extent of federal law. It's past time for the president to accept the results of the election. Quit misleading the American people and repudiate mob violence." You stand by that statement? Has it changed despite what you hear from former President Trump?COTTON: Well, you certainly should have legal consequences for all those who entered the Capitol or damaged property or certainly hurt law enforcement officers. I do agree with the president, though, that are many irregularities. There was a lot of unfairness in the 2020 election. Now, not necessarily it's Congress's role to reject electors.BAIER: So you accept the results of the 2020 election?COTTON: Yes, you can accept the results and say that Congress doesn't have the constitutional role to reject electors that have been certified by the states, still having concerns about the unfairness and the irregularities that many of those Democratic states did in changing election laws and election practices leading up to the 2020 election.But if you really want to talk about a threat to democracy, you just have to look at what is happening in New York City where the Democrats have weaponized the legal system against their chief opponent. This is something you would expect to hear -- expect from a country like Pakistan or Georgia, not here in the United States.BAIER: Do you think it's advantageous at all for the campaign, the Trump campaign to be talking about 2020?COTTON: Well, if you listen to what Donald Trump is saying on the campaign trail, it's mostly about what has happened since 2020. It's about the runaway inflation we have had. It's about a wide open border, about the crime that this country faces now, or the threats that we face from abroad that this weak and failed president, Joe Biden, has brought upon our country. That's the choice the American people are going to have in 2024.BAIER: But just to be clear, you say Joe Biden is the legitimately elected president?COTTON: You know that Joe Biden is the president, not just because he lives in the White House, but only Joe Biden could screw things up as badly as they are now.BAIER: Speaking of immigration, you have another vote on the same bill that never got past the process. This is the Senate negotiated bill, and you voted against that process the first time around. It's going to come up again. Tammy Baldwin, Democrat from Wisconsin, says this is needed to restore order. Republicans negotiated the bill with Democrats, she says. They only backed off when Donald Trump instructed them to because he wanted and issued a run on and didn't want it to be fixed, and that's irresponsible. That is the line on immigration that Democrats will take, and they're going to vote on this again Thursday.COTTON: The reason Chuck Schumer wants to have another failed vote on this bill, which is so far short of getting 60 to pass, it doesn't even have 50 votes because some of his own Democrats oppose it, is because the border is a key issue in this election. And it's a key issue because Joe Biden opened our border. He promised in the 2020 campaign he would open the border to all comers. We shouldn't be surprised that we have more than 10 million illegal aliens who have crossed the border.By contrast, Donald Trump had the border secure and closed by the time of the election in 3020. And, again, that's the choice the American people are going to face -- a weak, failed president's disastrous policy on the borders, or President Trump's strong policies to protect our borders and ensure only people entering the country have a legal right to be here.BAIER: We're in the process now where the former president is going to decide about a V.P. pick. We have Candidate Casino on here. Hugh Hewitt is always putting chips on you for V.P. He had a quote on his radio show in which he said that you would be best positioned. Have you thought about that? Have they reached out to you? Where is that status?COTTON: No. The president and the campaign has not reached out to me. I suspect only Donald Trump knows who is really on his short list. When we do talk. We talk about what it's going to take to win this election in November. To elect President Trump to another term in the White House and elect a Republican Congress so we can begin to repair the damage that Joe Biden's presidency has inflicted on this country.BAIER: Senator Cotton, we appreciate your time. And we'll follow it all.COTTON: Thank you, Bret.BAIER: Thanks.Breaking tonight in the past few minutes, the White House now saying the chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, FDIC, will step down from his post once a successor is appointed. Martin Gruenberg's announcement -- announced departure comes after a report about the agency's toxic workplace culture, and that was released earlier this month. White House officials saying President Biden will name a replacement for Gruenberg soon.Up next, the panel on the death of Iran's president, what it may mean for the Middle East, President Biden's commencement address, and, oh, yes, the former president's trial in New York.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I'm here instead of campaigning. As you know, I was supposed to be in the very different state this morning, and the judge actually decided to call in early. I'm not allowed to have anything to do with politics because I'm sitting in a very freezing cold courtroom for the last four weeks. It's very unfair. They have no case.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Former President Trump today outside of court. And today the prosecution arrested. A lot happened today, actually, as Michael Cohen finished up his testimony. He admitted stealing tens of thousands of dollars from the former president's business. Michael Cohen admitting in testimony, money, that he stole thousands of dollars from the Trump Organization by overstating how much he paid a tech company that provided services for the Trump Organization. He went to TD Bank, withdrew cash over a couple of days to pay Red Finch for its services, which he stored in a brown paper bag. But he said he never gave the company total $50,000.Let's bring in our panel, start there with the trial, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, and "Axios" political reporter Stef Kight.Guy, the relation that Cohen admitted on the stand that he took roughly $60,000 from the Trump organization had all kinds of pundits on all kinds of different sides saying wow.GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. It's breathtaking. So coming into his testimony, we already knew that Michael Cohen was a convicted felon and an established perjurer. Then last week on the stand he appeared to be cornered into a new lie under oath. And then today he confessed to another felony that we didn't know about. This is astonishing. And this is the star witness of Alvin Bragg and the prosecution whose performance over roughly four days of cross-examination in particular has been described by people, as you point out, across the spectrum as devastating, not to the defendant, to the prosecution.BAIER: Stef, is there any -- first of all, the legal side of this, it seems like it's unanimous that they say this was really bad for the prosecution, that part of it, at least. On the political side, does it turn at all about why did Donald Trump hire Michael Cohen?STEF KIGHT, POLITICAL REPORTER, "AXIOS": It's a good question. I mean, what we have really seen over these past few days is that there is a huge risk when you are resting most of your case on someone like Michael Cohen and someone who has a history of lying under oath, and who now the goal of Trump's attorneys was to cast doubt over his story, to poke holes into his story, and they have been able to do that on several occasions over the past few days. And of course, all it takes is just one member of the jury to potentially end up with a hung jury.And politically, this is a case that many voters, according to the polls, care the least about as it is. There was already concern that maybe this case was taking things too far. And so to have this kind of fall apart around Michael Cohen is just going to continue to weaken in that case.BAIER: Robert Costello, legal advisers, definitely because he has a lot of calls, 96 hours, or something, of phone calls with Cohen, now on the stand in the defense. That's likely going to continue tomorrow with the cross- examination.JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: So, you have a situation here where it seems like -- this is stunning. I'll just step back from Cohen, because I think he has really hurt himself. But I step back and say, boy, what a cast of characters. It's unbelievable. You know, and today what we learned was Cohen stole the money. But guess what the money was for, someone who was rigging polls to make Trump look good. I mean, you go back to Stormy Daniels, to David Pecker and catch and kill, stories, you think what a cast of characters. What a world.But I guess the big question when we talk about Costello going forward is does Trump testify. He has always said he wanted to testify. I don't think any lawyer in his right mind would tell Trump to testify because there is a huge perjury trap there with Stormy Daniels. But if you think about it, is this case now over. I don't think so, but I think the prosecution has some work to do.BAIER: Meantime, President Biden, a couple of speeches, a commencement address and a speech in Detroit. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Extremists come for the freedoms you thought belonged to you and everyone.They also say out loud, these other groups, immigrants poison the blood of our country.This is what we are up against. Extremist forces aligned against the meaning and message of Morehouse.When I was vice president, things were kind of bad during the pandemic, and what happened was Barack said to me, go to Detroit and help fix it.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, no. First of all, the black voters, as you see this poll, and it's shifted a bit with the former president bumping up. The second poll we have for you is the one I was going to reference that last soundbite, and that's mental soundness to serve, 50 percent now for Trump. A little tick up for President Biden.But, Guy, he wasn't vice president during the pandemic. He was president after former President Trump had moved on. And that stuff keeps happening. It doesn't get picked up a lot of places.BENSON: Yes, people make flubs from time to time. Even you and I on television --BAIER: Yes, we do.BENSON: -- occasionally gets things wrong or misremember something. It's a steady drumbeat with this man. He's 81. He's president of the United States. And we remember that this president talked about his vice presidency and got some of the dates wrong in his conversation with Special Counsel Hur. Here we go again.BAIER: And Stef, that tape with Hur is not coming out per executive order.KIGHT: No, it's not. But of course, that's not going to stop Republicans on campaigning on this, and we are bound to hear more and more how unfit Biden is for office. And again, every time we see one of these flubs, it is a big issue for Biden. And he and his advisers know that he needs to try to push back on these.BAIER: Sorry, guys. We kept it short because of the possible vice presidential interviews. The apprentice has started for real, as we get towards July. But we'll have you back. Thank you.Finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Start, two, one, zero. Ignition and liftoff.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Lift off.(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: At long last Ed Dwight, America's first black astronaut candidate, was rocketed into space. President John F. Kennedy chose Dwight to be a candidate for NASA's early astronaut corps, class of 1963. But he wasn't picked. On Sunday his dream was finally realized as he flew to space with the rocket company Blue Origin. At 90 years old, Dwight becomes the oldest person to reach space. Congratulations.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, Congress investigates concerns over a growing demand for electric power.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.