GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: They race for the cheese, it's called all the proceeds go to charity, which is the name of Whoopi's boat.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: How do you know that?GUTFELD: Oh, I've been on it many times.PIRRO: Is that right?GUTFELD: Yes, it's great.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Charity case.PIRRO: All right. That's it for us, everybody, have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I love ending with the Greg ones.PIRRO: I do too.BAIER: All right. Thanks, Judge.Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier.The president's son Hunter Biden gets a postponement in one of the two criminal cases he's facing this summer. We'll take you there.We'll also take you to ground zero in the border crisis where Middle Eastern and Asian migrants are flowing through the border on camera.And Elvis has kept the building. The granddaughter of the King wins a big ruling over the fate of Graceland.But breaking tonight, former Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley who dropped out of the race more than two months ago continues to do well in some uncontested primaries.Last night, Georgia for example, she received 13.2 percent of the vote, she picked up 6.4 percent in Kentucky. Haley has amassed 97 convention delegates and tonight, she is making clear who will get her vote in November. It's former President Trump in her first public remarks since leaving the race.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO U.N.: I will be voting for Trump. Having said that, I stand by what I said in my suspension speech. Trump would be smart to reach out to the millions of people who voted for me and continue to support me and not assume that they're just going to be with him.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: We'll talk more about this on the panel.Meanwhile, tonight, President Biden is essentially giving away another big round of student loan debt relief as he tries to reverse his dropping poll numbers especially with young people ahead of the November vote. Critics say this will ultimately be given to the taxpayer.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich is with us tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The Supreme Court said that President Biden overstepped his authority when they blocked his plan to cancel $400 billion in student loan debt.But he's gotten around the High Court by changing the rules for existing programs and as of today, he's met nearly half of his original goal.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (voice over): The White House is relaxing student loan forgiveness guidelines for public service workers and some income based repayment plans. The president says an additional 160,000 borrowers will see their loans canceled, and, "Each of those borrowers has received an average of over $35,000 in debt cancellation."But what if you aren't among the 4.8 million Americans who have seen debt wiped away under Biden?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We're trying to help people in different -- in different communities as well. Folks who don't have to get that college degree and can get make six figure salary, making sure health care -- health care's more affordable, getting that prescription drugs many for diabetes, for cancer, making sure those costs are lower, insulin.HEINRICH (voice over): The latest round of forgiveness $7.7 billion brings the total under Biden to 167 billion. Critics calling it a lopsided handout at taxpayer expense.KEVIN O'LEARY, CHAIRMAN, O'LEARY VENTURES: It's un-American in the sense that there are many people that have already paid back their student loans and cohorts in the past. Those in the future that may still not get this, people that never got to go to college because they figured they couldn't afford it.HEINRICH (voice over): The White House punted on whether it contributes to inflation, but one number they don't want to see jump is the price at the pump. The former president blasting Biden for releasing a million gallons of gas from the strategic reserve to keep prices stable ahead of the Fourth of July holiday.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He's doing this to keep the prices down but prices are now higher than they've been a long time, they're very high.And so, he's trying to stop that because high gasoline prices are not good for elections if you are on his side.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): Republican attorneys general are trying to overturn Biden's plan, saying it defies the Supreme Court ruling. But Fox polls have the president down some 14 points among the under 30 crowds since he came into office.And a new Quinnipiac poll shows a sizable chunk of persuadable registered voters on the sidelines with 52 percent of RFK supporters saying they're likely to change their minds before November, Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich live in the North Lawn. Jacqui, thanks.Stocks were down today as the Federal Reserves adjust interest rates may stay higher for longer. The Dow losing 202, the S&P 500 result 14, the NASDAQ fell 31.We're less than two weeks away from the scheduled start of the Hunter Biden trial on federal gun charges that takes place in Delaware.Meantime, there's another one. Today, lawyers for the president's son are in Southern California trying to get a delay there in a second criminal proceeding this time on tax charges.Correspondent David Spunt is in Los Angeles tonight with the latest from that. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hello, Bret, good evening.A victory for the president's son as a federal judge postpone the start of his trial by about 2.5 months here in Los Angeles.Hunter Biden's attorney Abbe Lowell for several hours pleaded with Federal Judge Mark Scarsi to delay the trial from June 20th to September 5th to allow them to prepare for more time, this would be about two months before the election.The chief reason Hunter goes to trial on federal gun charges in Delaware on June 3rd and his legal team just needs more time.Also in court today, Bret, Kevin Morris, the multimillionaire entertainment lawyer who paid Hunter Biden's tax bills and helped cover some of his legal bills.Recent reports indicate that he's scaling back financial support on the president's son.Now, according to the indictment, the government says instead of paying taxes, Hunter spent his money on women, clothing, health and beauty products. His taxes eventually paid back with the help of Kevin Morris.Separately, House Republicans today released new information they say proves Hunter Biden lied to Congress when he testified behind closed doors for a deposition earlier this year.Now, they point to a 2017 WhatsApp message as an example. In it, Hunter allegedly told a Chinese businessman he was sitting with his father and wanted money. The committee today says phone records proved he was texting that exact businessman, though he told them in a deposition earlier this year, he texted another person according to Republicans.Hunter's attorney Abbe Lowell in a statement on Fox News says Republicans are wrong, Hunter never lied to Congress and the impeachment effort against President Biden is an utter failure, Bret.BAIER: All right, David Spunt live in L.A. David, thanks.One particular border region in southern California is now at the top of the list for illegal crossings from the Middle East and Asia.Tonight, Correspondent Bill Melugin talks with a resident who picks up after many of the migrants there and tells us what he finds. Good evening, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. The San Diego sector where we are has now become ground zero for mass illegal crossings of adult men from the Middle East and Asia and they really don't seem to have any fear of consequences or deportation when they get here.Take a look at this video we shot right here in Jacumba where I'm standing during the overnight hours as we saw numerous men from all around the world crossing illegally, very nonchalantly as they turn themselves in to be picked up by Border Patrol. Several of them were what are known as special interest aliens, meaning they come from countries with potential national security concerns and should be subject to additional DHS vetting.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN: Where you guys from? What country?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pakistan.MELUGIN: Pakistan.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Turkey.MELUGIN: Turkey?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: Turkey. OK. Where you guys from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ecuador.MELUGIN: Ecuador.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Iran.MELUGIN: Iran.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Iran.MELUGIN: Iran, why did you come?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No freedom.MELUGIN: No free -- no freedom?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.CORY GAUTEREAUX, PINE VALLEY, CALIFORNIA RESIDENT: A lot of these people, it's mixed (ph).MELUGIN (voice over): And we also met up with a local resident out here, Cory Gautereaux (ph). He goes out and he collects all of these discarded passports and I.D.s that he says illegal immigrants are dropping as soon as they cross here in Jacumba.He's got hundreds of them from China, from Afghanistan, from Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, many others. Some of them are burned, cut and shredded.GAUTEREAUX: They're just dropping this stuff on the ground to come here and assume a new identity. So, that's a little bit scary from with my military background and seeing the people that are coming across, the male, male, male, these are all military aged males. People keep saying that. I've got the proof right here.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Bret, Border Patrol San Diego sector is now seeing the most illegal crossings of anywhere on the southern border. It's the first time that has happened since the 1990s. We'll send it back to you.BAIER: And Bill from talking to the people down there, has the flow changed in recent weeks?MELUGIN: It has. It has slowed down from what we were seeing late last year when we had those sky high record numbers. The main reason that is happening is the Mexican military is now deployed on the other side of the border all over the southern border. That happened after Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary Mayorkas of DHS went down to Mexico and made some sort of deal, some sort of an arrangement where the Mexicans are now picking up enforcement on their side of the border.BAIER: All right, Bill Melugin along the border. Bill, thanks.A former aide to then presidential chief medical adviser Dr. Anthony Fauci grilled today on Capitol Hill about his role in alleged obstruction of the investigation into the origins of the coronavirus.Dr. David Morens is accused of trying to subvert federal record keeping laws. Senior National Correspondent Rich Edson has details tonight live from Capitol Hill. Good evening, Rich.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Bret. Bipartisan criticism for Dr. David Morens over e-mails he sent instructing colleagues and contacts to e-mail him negative named Bret bipartisan criticism for Dr. David morons over e-mails he sent instructing colleagues and contacts to e-mail him on his Gmail account, not a government account.In February 2021, he writes, "I learned from our FOIA lady here how to make e-mails disappear after I'm FOIA'd but before the search starts, so I think we're all safe."Plus, I deleted most of those earlier e-mails after sending them to Gmail.FOIA, the Freedom of Information Act is a law that gives Americans access to their government's records and communications. The select subcommittee on the coronavirus pandemic released these e-mails ahead of its hearing with Morens many regard controversial government contractor EcoHealth Alliance and its President Peter Daszak.EcoHealth spent government grant money on research at the Wuhan Institute of Virology where many Republicans suspect a leak started the COVID-19 pandemic.In April 2021, the Trump administration terminated funding for EcoHealth backed coronavirus project in China. Last year, the Biden administration restored the funding with restrictions.Last week, the Department of Health and Human Services borrowed it from further contracts for failing to properly monitor research.Now, just before the Trump administration blocked the initial grant, Morens wrote, Daszak, "I can either send stuff to Tony on his private Gmail or hand it to him at work or at his house. He's too smart to let colleagues send him stuff that could cause trouble."And there's no evidence showing Fauci conducted work on private e-mail, and Morens maintains he thought he was consulting with Daszak in his personal capacity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JILL TOKUDA (D-HI): Unintentionally or not. Did you conduct government business through your personal e-mail account?DR. DAVID MORENS, FORMER ANTHONY FAUCI SENIOR ADVISER: Well, some of the e- mails I've seen that you all provided, look pretty incriminating. I don't know what they are. I don't remember them. But yes, it looks like I made a mistake on more than one occasion but it certainly wasn't my intention to do that.((END VIDEO CLIP)EDSON: A spokesperson for the Department of Health and Human Services says it is HHS policy that government employees conduct their government work on government e-mail, Bret.BAIER: Rich Edson live on the Hill. Rich, thanks.Up next, European nations putting the squeeze on Israel, what the U.S. is doing in response. Trey Yingst with the story, Brit Hume with analysis.First, Beyond our Borders tonight, aviation investigators arrived in Bangkok to learn how and why severe turbulence send a Singapore Airlines plane into a sudden dive Tuesday. One person was killed on that plane. Dozens others injured, actually a hundred.Boeing 777 was on its way from Singapore to London. It hit the turbulence. And then the plane descended about 6,000 feet in about three minutes.And this is a live look at Seoul courtesy of EarthCam. One of the big stories there from Korea, South Korean and British science ministers co- host a meeting devoted to artificial intelligence safety.As part of an international conference in Seoul, it takes place amid a flurry of efforts by governments and global bodies to design guardrails for the technology amid fears about the potential risk it poses both to everyday life and to humanity.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: There are significant logistics and security challenges tonight for the $320 million peer, billed by the U.S. to facilitate humanitarian aid for Gaza residents.This comes as a handful of countries are announcing a major policy change in the region.Correspondent Trey Yingst shows us from Tel Aviv.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Spain, Norway, and Ireland, all taking a symbolic and controversial stance, saying they will recognize Palestine as a state.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER, ISRAEL (through translator): The attention of several European countries to recognize a Palestinian state is a reward for terrorism. 80 percent of the Palestinians in Judea and Samaria, support the terrible massacre October 7th. This evil cannot be given a state.YINGST (voice over): Israel's prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu came out against the move, making no distinction between Hamas and the Palestinian people.Civilians like Abu Kosa (PH), with his 4-year-old son, headed toward the American pier in Gaza this week, focused not on politics, but on humanitarian policy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): There is no food in our house, we came to get aid and now we are living with nothing.YINGST (voice over): Nearly 230 days into the conflict, there are major logistic challenges that are making aide distribution across Gaza nearly impossible, despite 695 tons of aid being delivered to the shores of the strip. Not all of it is making it into Palestinian hands. And some of the supplies were intercepted this week and taken from trucks heading to a warehouse.JAKE SULLIVAN, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: The issue is not actually getting food to the pier off the pier, it's being able to ensure that we have necessary security arrangements in place to deliver it. We have had modalities to get some of that aide distributed. We are in the process of building out to get more of it distributed.(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): It's not just northern Gaza affected by logistics. The U.N. halted aide to southern Gaza due to a lack of supplies and insecurity. Bret.BAIER: Trey Yingst, in Tel Aviv. Trey, thanks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SULLIVAN: Each country is entitled to make its own determinations if that two-state solution should be brought about through direct negotiation through the parties, not through unilateral recognition. That's a principled position that we have held on a consistent basis. We'll communicate that to our partners around the world. And we'll see what unfolds.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan, reacting to those three countries and they will recognize Palestine as a state. The reaction from Israel, pulled their ambassadors from those countries.Let's bring in Fox News chief political analyst, Brit Hume. Brit, good evening. Your thoughts on this move by those countries, and reaction from the U.S. and obviously from Israel?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, it's interesting to wonder what exactly these countries think they are recognizing. They are going to send ambassadors to Hamas or their leaders going to welcome and recognize the ambassadors from Hamas? Well, of course not.The reason that this recognition of a Palestinian state is kind of an empty gesture is that it is, is really nothing resembling the state there to recognize. There is no such thing really under the current circumstances.Now, the intention to recognize one down the road might be worthy. So, the United States probably has that view. But it is a reflection. Bret, I think, if some of you and I've talked about many times since the beginning of this, it's war after October 7th, which is antisemitism.It's far more prevalent than we could have imagined here in the United States. And I think Bret and around the world. And when you drill down on these actions, by the U.S. governments and responding, I suspect to what they think the popular opinion is in their country. And the popular opinion is surprisingly soft on the Palestinians and therefore on Hamas. That is where we are.It is, you know -- it is a story as old as time, but it continues to plague us to this day.BAIER: Some of the headlines, revolve -- robbing around the Israeli prime minister. House Speaker Johnson gives Schumer an ultimatum on Netanyahu wants from to speak. The International Criminal Court just saved Benjamin Netanyahu that's from POLITICO. GOP pushes for ICC sanctions, puts Democrats in a bind.The ICC, obviously, with that prosecutor moving forward. The argument is that, that shored up Netanyahu and his war Cabinet and his popularity, they -- the House wants him to speak here in a joint meeting. He last did that in March of 2015. Back then, Speaker Boehner was Speaker.Here is what some senators said today about this possibility.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think, Republicans in the Senate would like to hear from the prime minister about how things are going.SEN. DICK DURBIN (D-IL): I went the last time he came.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Would you go this time?DURBIN: I don't know. I'm not sure.SEN. RICHARD BLUMENTHAL (D-CT): The question is whether he has something to say that will be persuasive in supporting our continued solidarity with Israel. It should not be a political stunt or a ploy.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: What about Netanyahu speaking?HUME: Well, it just point to sentiment in the United States toward Israel in this conflict in Gaza, is overwhelmingly pro-Israel. So, these politicians, you could tell it from those sound bites Bret how carefully they are treading.BAIER: Yes.HUME: John Thune saying, you know, well as a Republican senator, welcoming the idea and the other two, the Democrats where there is dissent within that party to say the least about the -- about the country stand toward Israel. You know, playing it very carefully. But if he has something to say, I went before and maybe not go this time from Durban.I think that's what we're looking at here, Bret. This is -- I guess it was this guy said he wanted to be political. This is political.BAIER: Yes.HUME: And, I think that Democrats would have to be careful, they boycott that speech, Netanyahu would come in and get a rousing reception. I was strongly imagined, and they may regret having done so.BAIER: We'll see. Brit, as always, thank you.HUME: You bet, Bret.BAIER: Up next, our "COMMON GROUND" segment on bipartisan efforts to try to craft new legislation about presidential ethics.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Today, we introduce the Presidential Ethics Reform Act.REP. KATIE PORTER (D-CA): Despite our political differences, we both understand how the lack of transparency in Washington is damaging American's faith in our government.COMER: We want Americans to see for themselves, now and in the future, whether or not our leaders in the White House are influence peddling. We are introducing this bill as one Republican and one Democrat, because this isn't a partisan problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, that's the definition of "COMMON GROUND". That's the segment. We decided to do too this week.Tonight, we discussed that new legislation on presidential ethics. Joining us tonight, House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer and a member of that panel, California Democratic Congresswoman Katie Porter. Thank you both for being here. Let me start with you, Congresswoman. Why is this important? I heard that intro there, but why now, why this?PORTER: We are seeing trust in government at all time lows. And so we need to try to restore that. And that should not be a partisan problem. We are seeing Democrats not trusting Republicans, independents feeling not heard. So every American benefits when we can trust that our president and vice president going forward into the future, whoever those people may be, are working for us and not for themselves.BAIER: I mean, you guys disagree on a lot of things, Mr. Chairman, but this one you see pretty much eye to eye.REP. JIM COMER, (R-KY) HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: Yes, I think overwhelming majority of Americans would agree with this. This is about confidence in our government. And Representative Porter is right. People have an all time low confidence level of our government. And this is a good way to reverse that. Let's be transparent. Both parties have complained about the last three or four administrations having conflicts of interest. Let's fix it. This is a sincere bill that's thorough and substantive, and I think it will make a difference.BAIER: So it's specific. It's presidents and vice presidents to disclose foreign payments, expensive gifts, loan transactions, tax returns during the two-year period prior to time in office, during time in office, and for two years following the departure from office. It also deals with family members with the same list, which is important. It expands where we currently are.PORTER: Absolutely. We should have higher ethics standards for our president and vice president than we have for other federal officials. And right now, they are actually lower. So for example, the conflict of interest provision that is in this bill actually already applies to other federal officials. So I think the point of the bill here is to make sure that upon taking office, every American can be confident that the president and those who have access to the president are working for the American people.BAIER: Mr. Chairman, not surprisingly maybe, the congresswoman was not mentioned in the White House statement on this bill. Ian Sams said "We're always happy to look at Congressman Comer's bright ideas. But on his first day in office, President Biden implemented the strictest ethics standards of any administration in history. He has publicly released 26 years of his tax returns for the American people to see -- the most of any president ever -- and publicly releases his personal financial disclosures each year." So obviously there's a little pushback, maybe from the White House.COMER: Well, if what Ian says is true, then the White House should support this legislation. President Trump should support this legislation. I know the American people would support it if the media -- and I appreciate you, Bret, covering this. If the American people understood this bill, I can't imagine anyone being against it. And I certainly wouldn't want to run for any type of office opposing common sense ethics reform legislation, because, again, regardless of who the president has been, the last four administrations, both parties have complained about conflicts of interests and ethics issues.There are a lot of gray areas in the law, and I think this bill addresses those gray areas. It closes some loopholes. The media has said that influence peddling is a cottage industry in Washington. If that's so, we need to change that. And I think this legislation would do that.BAIER: So you would urge the White House to embrace it?PORTER: President Biden has been a real champion for ethics. He said that that's going to be a cornerstone of his campaign. And what his spokesperson said is true. President Biden has released 26 years of tax returns. He has put in place strong ethics standards.BAIER: Sure, obviously, there's questions about his son.PORTER: So supporting the Presidential Ethics Reform Act would be incredibly consistent with his legislative priorities. So I'm very optimistic that the White House will support the bill.BAIER: Yes, obviously expanding to family members opens up questions that they don't deal with in that statement.PORTER: True. Obviously, we are seeing more and more presidents who have adult children, relatives involved. And so I think the goal is just to provide the right amount of disclosure to rebuild that trust. That was how we drew the boundaries. What do we need to tell the American people to get them to feel confident. And we think we have to include spouses and adult children to be able to do it.BAIER: Speaking of disclosure, you paired up with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, introduced the Stock Act 2.0, a different version just in December. But it seems -- and tell us what that does, what it's supposed to do.PORTER: So the Stock Act 2.0 would ban congressional stock trading. It would also require members of Congress to make disclosures about things that might create conflicts of interest. So for example, if a member of Congress is receiving a subsidy or a payment from the federal government, say, for a business that they own, it would require that disclosure. So it's similarly a good governance, good transparency bill. And it has not moved forward in Congress. And I think one of the things they took from this experience is that a lot of the folks in Washington aren't willing to hold themselves to account, and I'm really grateful that we have been able to find that common ground to do that.BAIER: Do you think there is movement on this Stock Act, Mr. Chairman?COMER: I think it's -- I do. I think a lot of members -- it's like term limits. If you force people to vote on it, they are going to vote for it. Nobody wants to have the perception that their members of Congress are trading on stocks with insider information. So I think that our legislation, if can pass it out of committee, and it would go to the floor, I think that that's an amendment that could be put onto the bill to expand ethics.The reason that's not included in the bill now, Bret, is because I would lose jurisdiction. The Oversight Committee has jurisdiction over the executive branch. We don't have jurisdiction over the legislative branch. So there are opportunities once this bill makes it to the House floor to expand it to include other areas of our government, which could include Representative Porter's bill.BAIER: OK, that's a possibility. I want to just mention this, because somehow quilting has become a unifying figure, thing between the two of you. Your mom, a big quilter, taught people how to quilt. And Representative Porter, her mom, also made a quilt together, featured in the Quilter's Hall of Fame in Paducah, Kentucky. The National Quilt Museum is in Congressman Comer's district, and there is a shared love of quilts. That's a unique common ground.PORTER: That's true. We also were both FFA members. And so when I went to Mr. Comer's office when he became chairman to talk about what I wanted the Oversight Committee to accomplish, I noticed two things in his office, his framed FFA jacket. And I think I impressed you when I was able to degree sight the FFA creed from memory.BAIER: FFA is what?PORTER: Future Farmers of America.BAIER: There you go.COMER: I was state president of FFA back in the day.BAIER: OK.PORTER: He outranked me then, and he outranks me now.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: And you had the quilt on the wall.COMER: My mom collected quilts. She didn't make quilts like her mom. But she mentioned my quilt, and come to find out her mother is in the Paducah, Kentucky, National Quilt Museum Hall of Fame, a very respected member. So that's how we developed our relationship.BAIER: Wow. Thank you very much. Pass the word up there about this "Common Ground" segment. Thank you.You can see all of the "Common Ground" segments on my podcast "Common Ground." Find that and the "All-Star Panel" podcast under the Bret Baier podcasts at FOXNewspodcast.com, Spotify, or wherever you download podcasts. You can also see the discussion on the FOX News YouTube page.Up next, new developments in the largest scandal in U.S. Navy history.And then, will Elvis Presley's family lose control of Graceland? We have a live report from Memphis.(MUSIC)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The San Diego judge has dismissed charges against five U.S. Navy officers who had admitted to taking bribes from a Malaysian defense contractor known as "Fat Leonard." A new book by "Washington Post" reporter Craig Whitlock documents the scandal and who has and has not been punished for taking bribes and sharing intelligence in the largest scandal in Navy history.Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin takes a look from the Pentagon.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: For more than 20 years, Leonard Glenn Francis, a former Malaysian defense contractor known as "Fat Leonard", bribed hundreds of Navy officers for classified information, eventually defrauding the U.S. government and American taxpayers of at least $35 million.CRAIG WHITLOCK, AUTHOR: He'd give them a taste of the high life by taking him out to these fancy dinners, organized these sex parties with prosecutes in Asia.GRIFFIN: The officers looked the other way as he grossly overcharged the government for U.S. Navy contracts.WHITLOCK: He was this big, jolly 350-pound Malaysian guy who seemed very patriotic. He wore U.S. flags on his necktie. He has "God Bless the USA" on his cell phone ring tone. They didn't see him as a foreign risk. And they fell for it hook, line, and sinker.GRIFFIN: Fat Leonard was caught in 2013, put under house arrest. In 2022 he cut off his ankle bracelet, called an Uber, and escaped to Tijuana and then Venezuela. He was extradited back to the U.S. last December. Nearly 1,000 Navy officers have been investigated for the scandal, including 91 admirals. Only 34 defendants have been criminally charged.WHITLOCK: Many of these Navy officers referred to Leonard as "Boss." He could compel officers who were his informants or moles to do what he wanted. The vast majority of admirals and senior officers got away with either a slap on the wrist from the Navy or nothing happened at all.(END VIDEO TAPE)GRIFFIN: Lieutenant Commander Stephen Shedd confessed to leaking military secrets for $105,000 in bribes and prostitutes. On Tuesday, Lieutenant Commander Shedd's entire case was dismissed by a San Diego judge due to prosecutorial errors. Four other retired U.S. military officers who had pleaded guilty of disclosing classified information also had their felony charges dismissed. Bret?BAIER: Jennifer Griffin live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thank you.A judge in Tennessee is blocking the scheduled auction of Graceland tonight. The iconic home of the late Elvis Presley was supposed to go up for sale tomorrow. But one of his relatives is trying to stop it. Correspondent Danamarie McNichol is in Memphis right now.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: They claim they had the deed to Graceland and were going to auction it off. Now a supposed investment company is reportedly backing off. Just hours after a Tennessee judge ordered a pause on the foreclosure sale of Elvis Presley's iconic Memphis home, Naussany Investments told Reuters it plans to withdrawal all of its claims over Graceland. The company, with no website or working phone number, claimed it loaned the kind of rock and roll's only daughter Lisa Marie Presley $3.8 million and received the deed for Graceland as collateral. They say she never repaid the money before she died in 2023.Elvis's granddaughter Riley Keough alleged in a lawsuit the company doesn't actually exist, and the documents, including her mother's signature, are fraudulent. Today Judge JoeDae Jenkins said because Graceland is a matter of public interest, the civil case needed more time for both parties involved to look at evidence and facts.JUDGE JOEDAE JENKINS, SHELBY COUNTY, TENNESSEE, CHANCERY COURT: The real estate is considered unique under Tennessee law. And being unique, the loss of the real estate would be considered irreparable harm.(END VIDEO TAPE)MCNICHOLL (on camera): Elvis Presley Enterprises commented that it will continue to operate as it has for the past 42 years. And for what happens next, the live auction scheduled for tomorrow is canceled. It's unclear how this bizarre back and forth will play out in the courtroom. Bret?BAIER: We'll follow it. Danamarie, thanks.Up next, the panel on President Biden's new round of student loan relief and how that plays politically. And a new endorsement from former presidential candidate Nikki Haley.First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 17 in Des Moines as authorities search for victims and survivors following a tornado in Iowa. The town of Greenfield in southwestern Iowa directly hit by a huge twister Tuesday as severe weather ripped across the Midwest. At least two fatalities, several injuries in the greenfield area reported after nearly two dozen tornadoes across Iowa.And this is a live look at Pittsburgh. One of the big stories there from our affiliate FOX 53, the NFL awards the 2026 draft to the Steel City. Pittsburgh will be the tenth NFL city to host the draft since it became a highly sought after roadshow in 2015. The 2025 NFL draft is slated to take place in Green Bay, Wisconsin.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We continue to find alternatives to reduce student debt payments.(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: That are not challengeable.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The student debt cancellation gives an opportunity for Americans to start a life, to buy a house, to start a family. That adds to the economy.KEVIN O'LEARY, O'LEARY VENTURES CHAIRMAN: There are many people who have already paid back their student loans. People that never got to go to college because they figured they couldn't afford it. It's so unfair. This is free money from a helicopter when we are trying to tame inflation. This just makes it worse.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, student loan relief, the White House pushing it. "Axios" writes it this way, "The Biden administration cancels another $7.7 billion in student loans. The latest round of forgiveness will erase $7.7 billion in outstanding loan balances, bringing the total student debt relief approved by the Biden administration to $167 billion. Since the Supreme Court blocked Biden's expansive student debt cancellation plan last year, the administration has continued with relief efforts through existing programs."By the way, $167 billion, roughly the size of the U.S. Army budget. So, just to give you a concept there.Let's bring in our panel, Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," Olivia Beavers, congressional reporter for "Politico," and Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio. All right, Guy, how does this play politically?GUY BENSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I think Kevin O'Leary, Mr. Wonderful, made a couple very important points, the first of which needs to be that the Supreme Court has already struck down an initial iteration of this. Former Speaker Nancy Pelosi, when she was speaker, said at a press conference that the president of the United States does not have this authority.BAIER: You know, it's wonderful that you talk in ways that I have soundbites for.BENSON: Fabulous.BAIER: Let's play Nancy Pelosi.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI, (D-CA): People think that the president of the United States has the power for debt forgiveness. He does not. He can postpone. He can delay. But he does not have that power. That would have to be an act of Congress. The president can't do it. So that's not even a discussion.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: But it is. It is a discussion.BENSON: And now it's a reality. The Supreme Court says you can't. Speaker Pelosi says he couldn't, and now he has done it multiple times.And even if you take aside the illegality of it, it's a deeply unfair policy to people who have no student debt. Roughly 80 to 85 percent of the public. People who never went back to college. People who paid back the loans they took out. That's absurd. And then it's also hugely inflationary. Not just broadly in the economy, but within the higher education space as well. It is horrible, horrible, economic policy, and it also happens to be unlawful.BAIER: Strong letter to follow from Guy.OK, Olivia, if you look at the polls, FOX poll, voters view using taxpayer dollars for student debt relief, favor 46, oppose 52. Obviously, this is targeting young people. Does it work?OLIVIA BEAVERS, "POLITICO": I mean, that's the question. But Biden has been bleeding support with young voters. I think I saw a poll this week that said he is leading among young voters with Trump by eight percent. Compare that to 23 percent last election cycle.And so he is trying to beat this hammer and get the young voters to go back, even though there are signs he is losing part of his winning coalition. And even if you step back even further. He has been trying to, stocks have been going up. There is a Trump trial going on. And he has been spending millions in ads, and he has not been able to move the needle with some of these national polls as well.BAIER: So, the FOX poll choice for president under 30 has it roughly tied in our latest poll, Mollie. So, there is a battle. And it has shifted the former president's way in recent weeks.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: This is clearly a move to -- this student loan move is done in response to some of these polls, and it might help with young voters. But it also plays into two problems that Joe Biden has right now. One is this whiff of lawlessness around him, that he doesn't care about rule of law. You see it on the border. You see it in the lawfare that he is running against President Trump. And you see it with the refusal to uphold what the Supreme Court has already said about this, which is that it's unconstitutional.But it also speaks to this general ethical fogginess around him. The idea that you would use the public treasury to buy votes is something that a lot of people think Joe Biden -- it's just something that is one of the reasons they don't like Joe Biden, that he and his family have a ton of ethical problems.BAIER: Talking about polls, the economy drives an election, usually. Two interesting polls tonight, a poll of voters going on vacation. Nearly three quarters say higher prices are affecting their travel plans this summer, 72 percent, a great deal or some say that that's just part of it. They say of those who are not going away, 73 percent don't have enough money to do so. No time is 15 percent. But you see these numbers, and it just counteracts some of those great economic numbers that the Biden administration is talking about. It's how people feel and are dealing with it at home.BENSON: Earlier today on social media, there were a lot of experts dunking on a recent poll that showed most Americans believe that we're in a recession. Technically, we don't have back-to-back quarters of economic contraction, so we are not in a recession. But I think that poll response is actually a gut feeling manifestation of some of the other numbers you just put up. It's what people are experiencing and how they are feeling in their own lives, not just how they feel about the country, in their own finances as well. I think tsk-tsking people and saying, oh, you're not an economic expert. You don't understand what a recession is, I think that really misses the point.BAIER: OK, Nikki Haley comes out speaking for the first time. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, (R) FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I will be voting for Trump. Having said that, I stand by what I said in my suspension speech. Trump would be smart to reach out to the millions of people who voted for me and who continue to support me, and not assume that they are just going it be with him. And I genuinely hope he does that.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Now, Olivia, is that an effort to get on a ticket, or is that just a reach out to my voters? She has been getting this vote every primary state, it's 10, 15, 20 percent. What do you think of that statement?BEAVERS: I think that was an olive branch, and Congressman Ralph Norman today told me he was encouraging Nikki Haley to reach out to Donald Trump and was hoping that she would endorse. And right as the vote started, we were able to inform him that she did. But Haley still has a ton of supporters on the Hill, and I have been asking about it today. And Republicans will say it will help him if he gets Haley on the ticket. So this maybe throws it back in the mix, even --BAIER: We are not going to do Candidate Casino tonight on the V.P. pick. We have run out of time. But we'll save it for next time. I can see Mollie saying, wait a second.Thank you, panel.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT -- today, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Our military are always standing ready at a moment's notice to serve, to defend our freedom. So we owe them our thanks. That's what Fleet Week is all about. And it really is a fun time.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Fleet week 2024 underway in New York City. The celebration began today with the annual parade of ships. It features two U.S. Navy vessels, three U.S. coast guard ships, four U.S. Naval Academy Yard patrol boats. Fleet Week is in its 36th year, will honor nearly 2,300 military personnel from today through Monday. It's a great time.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Tomorrow it's going to be a good show. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is next.