BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Tomorrow on Special Report, our series looking at toxic sites continues. Members of communities linked to radiation exposure head to Washington to call for a vote on a compensation bill. Remember, if you can't catch us live. Set your DVR, 6 in the East, 3 in the West. Thanks for inviting us to your home tonight. Fair, balanced, and unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. More cocaine found in a government building. Yes, we're going to bring you all the details in moments. But first, Biden's SOS to the press. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.All right, for months, they tried to sell you a new comeback kid story.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Biden seems to have some momentum. I mean, the race is very close.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A brand-new NBC News poll appears to show the race tightening and Biden momentum gaining.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The trend with all of the other national polls is that the race is tightening.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, really? Well, media reports insisted that enthusiasm was building.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The Biden campaign hit record fundraising numbers in the 24 hours after Biden's remarks, his reelection campaign raked in $10 million.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A record breaking campaign fundraising. The event pulled in a staggering $25 million.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Even before Thursday's historic haul, Biden had more than twice the cash on hand as Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I mean, of course the libs and influencers were gearing up to take down Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT DE NIRO, ACTOR: Imagine if he actually did win the election. It's over. We're going to have such civil strife. We're going to -- all the things he says because everybody is now on to him where he projects what he is saying.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.NIRO: it's what he wants, what he envisions the world to be, which is chaos and craziness, total craziness.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Don't go taxi driver on us there, Bobby. And when it was obvious that the polls really weren't turning around at all, Joe Biden decided to criticize the pollsters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The polling data has been wrong all along. How many you guys do a poll in CNN, how many folks you have to call to get one response?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But today, we learned a few new things about the true state of the Biden campaign. The fact that they decided to abandon the usual debate format that they were demanding and take up Trump's call for earlier debates. Well, that shows that they think they need a game changer. And they hope that they will get it with the help of two CNN anchors, who we learned today will be the ones who are actually moderating the first debate. One believes that electing Trump would be anti-Democratic.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald Trump has demonized us. There just needs to be a civic, a civic awareness where people understand the stakes when it comes to these elections. And this isn't partisan. This has everything to do with his disdain for democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The other believes, well, you can decide what she believes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Insults, invective, and outright lies. That's what we heard from Donald Trump defending those who rioted and tried to stop the peaceful transfer of power. People egged on by Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Biden accompanied his sudden change of heart about the debates with a really intimidating Rocky Balboa style tough guy video.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Donald Trump lost two debates to me in 2020. Since he hadn't shown up for debate. Now he's acting like he wants to debate me again, well, make my day pal. I'll even do it twice. So, let's pick the day, Donald, I hear you're free on Wednesdays.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That video was what 14 seconds long and they still had to edit him. Has someone warned Joe that you can't edit live broadcasts? The Biden team is nervous and one of their go-to house media organ slate is also sending up a signal flare, warning the Democrats can't keep rationalizing away one crucial element of the race that Biden does better with people who are most likely to vote, because new polling shows that that's not true.And this is my favorite part of all. If the question is how bad is this really? The answer is pretty bad. And there are similar warnings across the press landscape such that it is and as we'll get to later on some building momentum out there to swap Biden out and Kamala and run another ticket entirely.Now, it's so bad for them that they're actually willing to put Biden in the evening on a debate stage to go toe-to-toe with Trump, which is going to be tough considering Biden has trouble going toe-to-toe with stairs.Look, if we had a real press corps, we would know for sure what specifically triggered the Biden campaign's turnabout, you can imagine big donors, Dr. Jill were demanding answers from campaign staff about these polls. You can maybe picture Schumer seeing the Senate Majority hanging by a thread. I bet Pelosi and the squad they're blowing gaskets.And the Obama's and the Clinton's, they're not happy. Whatever it is, there must have been some meeting where Biden's Wilmington brain trust Hur that if there wasn't a major shakeup, Biden was going to certainly go down in defeat. Now consider the evidence, just in the past few days, Biden suddenly after three and a half years in office, we're supposed to believe had a change of heart on China tariffs.Well, then there's the new tough border policy that they always leaked to the press that never materializes. And then he jumps, you know, to Trump's debate position, after all, along saying that he wanted the traditional style with the later schedule.And then also today, we learn that the old Clinton counselor Ron Klain who helped prepare Biden for his last debates is coming back for a short stint to do debate prep with Biden again. He's now a top exec at Airbnb and Klain, look, he's a very talented guy. I know him to say hi, he has a lot of political experience. But he's not God.My bet is that the best he can do for Biden is maybe get him to memorize a bunch of insults that he can throw at Trump. But I think that's just going to confuse the poor man. So, I hope Klain and Dr. Jill have been practicing their ventriloquism.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They will always be doubters.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't want to forget, mother. I think we should show this boy just how real I am. I'm just as real as him.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, I'm afraid we must go on with the show.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, I am as real as you are, and I'll show him --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Leave him alone, Billy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'll show him --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Listen to me, that's enough.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm as real as you, bring him up here.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I just played that because that's terrifying. All right. If the Biden team had real confidence in their candidate, they wouldn't have to worry about putting words in his mouth. They just would have scheduled the first debate later in the summer because that's what successful incumbents do. But they want to give themselves plenty of time to turn things around in case the first debate goes badly for Biden, which it will if Trump plays his cards right.In 2016 and 2020, remember, there was a real debate in the nation as to who would do better on issues like jobs and the economy, foreign policy, immigration. But that debate is over. Everyone with a brain knows that Trump did and will do a far better job. Trump doesn't really have to spend a lot of time on how corrupt the government is. People have seen how corrupt it is, or how terrible the DOJ is to try to put him in jail. We all see it.Most voters know why they're going after Trump. So, all Donald Trump has to do is stay calm and stay calm during the entire debate and let Biden rant and rave because Scranton Joe is looking and sounded meaner and more petty by the day.And then Trump by comparison, he easily appears presidential, cool, confident, and yes, possessing a lot of common sense. Just reassure everyone, even though suburban moms out there that there are happier days ahead, reassure the nation that the craziness, the wokeness, the unnecessary economic struggle, the perpetual war. That's all going to be over.And maybe toss out a few zingers. Joe, you've been president for almost four years and all you can do is promise people more abortions while you're wearing aviators. Wow. Maybe just debate, but don't take the bait. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Newt Gingrich, former Speaker of the House and Fox News Political Analyst. Newt, what's your reaction to this clearly, there was a come to Jesus moment, in that Wilmington campaign office about where Biden is right now. And you're starting to see these changes. What's your take?NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I just showed a newsletter at Gingrich 360 outlining what I think happened. First of all, you get 85 to 100,000 people in Wildwood, New Jersey, for Donald Trump in between court appearances. Then, the New York Times itself, says Biden is behind in five out of six swing states, and is only one point ahead in the six state. There's another poll that says he's only one point ahead in Virginia.He's only five points ahead in New Jersey before the rally at a time when he used to carry New Jersey by 16 points. And I think frankly, they panicked. I think there's this general sense that we got to do something to show we're back in the game. And I think the test for Trump is really simple. Don't accept this concept that you've got to do all this in secret in some studio. Let's make it the American people's debates.You know, the University of Michigan is the largest football stadium in the country. Holds 109,000 people. Trump on offer, I'll take 55,000, you take 55,000. Let's have our folks come out. If Biden believes in democracy, Trump has a great opportunity here to go at him every day and say, one debate a month in public with the American people.INGRAHAM: But Biden's not going to agree to that. He'll never agree to that.GINGRICH: And let's see.INGRAHAM: Yes, he can't have that, I think he gets very rattled, well, he gets rattled when there are 20 people in a room, Newt, let alone 1000 people. I mean, when's the last time Joe Biden really addressed tens of thousands of people in a live setting. I mean, maybe his convention?GINGRICH: I think when he stood behind Obama.INGRAHAM: Yes. That's probably the last time he did that.(CROSSTALK)GINGRICH: Well, I think when he stood behind Obama. But my point is simply, Trump's on offense now. Trump is gaining momentum. And here's the problem with Biden having a lot of money. I don't care how many ads you buy. People go to the grocery store and realize the --INGRAHAM: What are you selling?GINGRICH: -- people -- you know -- they can't -- they cannot convince the American people that this is working. They can't convince young people who can't afford to buy a house that this is working. They can't convince people who watch millions of illegals come across the border that this is working --INGRAHAM: So, don't you agree with me --(CROSSTALK)GINGRICH: -- may be brilliant.INGRAHAM: Yes. Well, don't you agree with me, Newt that --GINGRICH: I always agree with you.INGRAHAM: You're 100 -- no, but you're 100 percent right, that this is all very apparent, even to people who don't like Trump, it's pretty apparent --GINGRICH: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- that things aren't working.GINGRICH: Right.INGRAHAM: So, Trump doesn't have to rehash all of that in a debate, because Biden clearly --GINGRICH: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- Klain is going to just put a lot of insults. That's why he did that thing when I hear you're free on Wednesdays. I mean, it's so petty. It's pathetic as a president, but he's going to throw a lot of insults out and try to get Trump to explode. That's the only thing I think they think they can do with Biden because he can't remember anything else.GINGRICH: Look, my advice to Trump is simple. Watch the Carter-Reagan debate. Carter had the same style as Biden, he lied all the time. And he desperately wanted to get Reagan inside the lies. And they came up with a simple term. There you go again. And so, Reagan would smile pleasantly. Everybody in the country would know, he just pleasantly called the President of the United States a liar.Trump's got to get some easy, simple thing back out of whatever rant that Biden is in, not go in for a clinch, not try to match him. Let Biden look crazy. And just look like you're calm, you're positive. You did it once. You're going to do it again. And in between, you've had this terrible four years.INGRAHAM: Yes, happy days truly are going to be here again. Newt, thank you. Great to see you as always. All right, just go Joe, well, that's the message from the Left leaning new republic after a devastating poll results that Newt was referencing there, showing Biden trailing Trump by wide margins.They weren't in this piece that Democrats -- they're not seriously considering replacing Biden because it would be a huge mistake. But Team Biden screeching media sick offense (ph) will hear none of that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The New York Times --JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC ANCHOR: Siena poll and you know this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I am --SCARBOROUGH: It's given disproportionate impact. This year, this cycle, it is skewed why --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And yes.SCARBOROUGH: -- Donald Trump's direction? Hold on --(CROSSTALK)SCARBOROUGH: Well, wait a second. Hold on. What I hear is after the Siena polls come out every time, new polls, oh, well, everything that Joe Biden has done, all this money that he's put out, all of the campaigning is for naught. No, it's not. No, it's not.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, if anything, reminding voters of Biden's policies is only made him less popular. Now, one Democrat strategist told The Hill let's cut through the BS, one of the top three issues inflation, immigration, war in Gaza. He's in the toilet. The polls show he's not doing well with some of the key voting blocs, young voters, black voters, Hispanic voters, so let me ask you this, would you want to stand side-by-side with him?Joining me now is Cassie Smedile, former RNC Press Secretary, Vice President of Coin; and Mollie Hemingway, Editor-in-Chief of The Federalist, Fox News Contributor. Mollie, this has started to pick up some steam, mostly kind of on the -- the Far Left and more Left-wing websites. But they clearly had a meeting somewhere that said, this thing is going south unless we can turn this momentum around fast.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. Clearly no Democrat is happy about the situation that they're in right now. And they understand that they would love to switch out Joe Biden for someone else. The problem is, it's very difficult to do and I wonder if moving this debate up to June wasn't in part an effort to make sure that -- and getting out of the Presidential Debate Commission wasn't a way to make to sort of cut off RFK Jr. at the knees, who many Democrats feel is a huge threat to Biden.It's not even that they're worried about everybody going and voting for Trump. But people just want an alternative to Biden in the Democrat party.INGRAHAM: Well, Chuck Todd laid out why Biden needs this debate, Cassie. Watch(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHUCK TODD, NBC NEWS CHIEF POLITICAL ANALYST: This campaign as it's going now is losing. You have to change the trajectory; you need something different to happen. This is different. The eagerness with which Trump accepted. I think the Biden campaign is lucky that accepted, because I think the Biden campaign really needs this right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, Cassie, did Trump make the right decision here?CASSIE SMEDILE, FORMER RNC PRESS SECRETARY: Sure, why not? I think Donald Trump's calculation is, if I just show up and let Joe Biden do Joe Biden, I win this debate. At least I hope that's his calculation. But then you've got this other calculation from Democrats much has been made of James Carville's, recent comments, just throwing spaghetti at the wall and hoping something sticks and nothing is sticking. So why not add a debate to that?Because by any metric of anybody, as you said, Joe Biden is usually in a fight with his own beat every day coming up the steps. Putting Joe Biden on a debate stage opposite Donald Trump is not a good play for Joe Biden. But what have they got left? And never underestimate Democrats' determination to do whatever possible to get Democrats in power?INGRAHAM: Well, I think the hype that is already beginning about Biden and his performance, his debate performance is interesting. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PHILIPPE REINES, FORMER HILLARY CLINTON ADVISOR: Joe Biden knows what he's doing. The feisty Joe Biden, it feels in his gut that knows that this is an existential threat. That guy is itching to get into the ring with Donald Trump, that brings out the absolute best in him. I think they could debate 10 times. And Joe Biden would win seven, eight or nine times.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Mollie?HEMINGWAY: Well, I mean, I think it's interesting that Joe Biden said he wouldn't debate in front of the American people, he'll only debate with the help of his media allies, such as Left-wing activist, Jake Tapper, who of course, ran the Russia collusion scam, and all sorts of other scams at CNN. He needs that help from the media, and he will get that help from the media.So, I think Republicans should be aware, if Joe Biden stays upright for more than an hour, the media will of course, declare him a winner, no matter how much the American people are horrified by his policies, what he's saying or what they actually think of the debate.INGRAHAM: Well, I think, Cassie, the other thing that Mollie touched on earlier might be a really, really fascinating point that putting this debate and making it early for Biden, it could be the Democrats way of looking one more time thinking, OK, well, he's got to be able to perform in this if he can't, we might have to do something drastic, and really just try a Hail Mary pass with somebody else, could that be part of this strategy?SMEDILE: Well, I have to tell you, I'm from Missouri, and that's the state that allowed a dead man to remain on the ballot. And he won, Mel Carnahan. And so never underestimate Democrats' determination to get Democrats elected. So, if that means swapping him out, and this is some sort of test for that, I wouldn't put it past them. I mean, certainly, as a Republican, I'm always thinking like, what's the rules and can they do this, but Democrats don't think that way.So, I wouldn't put it past them. But I also think you have the debate in June, he totally falls flat on his face. You put a ton of money at it over the summer, and pepper everybody with ads and hopefully they'll forget about it by the time the ballots go out. As we say it's election season.INGRAHAM: All right, Cassie and Mollie, thank you both.HEMINGWAY: Thank you.INGRAHAM: All right, cocaine found in another government building in D.C., we're getting the details now. We're going to bring them to you. But first Bragg's case just got really kneecap by one of jughead's former advisors. Senator Josh Hawley reacts to game-changing sound, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Another day, another big blow to Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg except this time it was on Capitol Hill. Bob Costello, a lawyer who gave unofficial advice to Michael Cohen testified about what he was told during their very first meeting back in 2018. Now, normally, this is something protected under the attorney client privilege and cannot be revealed, but Cohen had previously waived the privilege, so Costello let it rip.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT COSTELLO, FORMER ADVISOR TO MICHAEL COHEN: The way this works is if you have truthful information about Donald Trump, that's clearly what they're looking for. I can have all your legal problems solved by the end of the week. His response? I swear to God, Bob, I don't have anything on Donald Trump. I said, Michael, I want you to think carefully about this. I probably came back to this subject 10 or 20 times during the two-hour period. Every time I brought it up. Every time he answered, I swear to God, God excuse me, Bob. I don't have anything on Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, Costello also peppered Cohen with questions over the payments to Stormy Daniels, a key component of course, of Bragg's case against Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COSTELLO: That's why I decided to take care of this on my own. I went back to that several times. You did this on your own, on my own. Did Donald Trump have anything to do with it? No. Did you get the money from Donald Trump? No. From any of his organizations? No. From anybody connected to Donald Trump? No. He kept on bringing up the subject that he felt he was betrayed by not being brought down to Washington, D.C.He wanted to do something to put himself back into the inner circle of Donald Trump. That's why he took care of this.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining us now is Missouri Senator Josh Hawley. Senator, I was in court yesterday and he was asked about this specifically by the prosecutor, obviously, the prosecutor knowing that the defense was going to bring this up. And his response was, well, I was trying to protect Donald Trump. I was always trying to protect Trump and I hadn't retained him yet, because he wanted some big retainer fee. And he didn't get a great feeling about Costello. So, he wasn't telling him everything because he thought it, I guess it wouldn't be covered by the privilege. Is that going to hold water?SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Well, this guy, Cohen has changed his story, Laura, more times than my three-year-old when she's in trouble. I mean, this is just ridiculous. He's totally unbelievable. But I will also say this, this whole trial, I mean, it's outrageous, but it's also really getting to be a total joke.The longer it goes on, the more Donald Trump goes up in the polls. I mean, at this point, Trump might want to send a thank you card to the Democrats and Joe Biden, clearly, they thought this was the silver bullet. This was the way they were going to beat him.And instead, what the American people are seeing is they have no case, they have nothing to run on. And his numbers just go up, up, up. I mean, it's just -- it is ridiculous. It's laughable.INGRAHAM: Well, Costello also made another comment to him about Stormy Daniels. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COSTELLO: He said I've got a call from a lawyer representing Stormy Daniels who represented that she was going to testify that Donald Trump had sex with Stormy Daniels. Michael Cohen said, I didn't believe the allegation. But I knew that such an allegation would be terribly embarrassing.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, Senator, this is the opposite of what Cohen would have us believe now, though. So, the jury's -- the jury is --HAWLEY: Yes, exactly.INGRAHAM: -- not going to hear from Costello. He's not going to apparently testify at least not that we know in this trial, but again, it goes to this point of credibility of Michael Cohen.HAWLEY: Oh, he has zero credibility. I mean, the guy has perjured himself. We knew that already. He has told so many different stories on every point, Laura, I mean, that's the thing. It's not just one point or two points, every detail. He has altered, he has changed, he has fibbed. I mean, you can't follow a thing that the guy says, and I just go back to the fact this is really, it is a joke. It is a total joke.And the whole American public can see it and that's why Trump is just going up, up, up. If they keep this up and there's actually a conviction in this sham trial, my gosh, that we may as well just have the election right now. Trump is going to win as he should.INGRAHAM: All right, Senator, wonderful to see you. Thank you. All right, a Florida sheriff has a message for blue state criminals looking to cause trouble on his turf, and he joins us next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: An escalation occurred at about 2:30 P.M. Pacific time between police and pro-Palestinian protesters at UC Irvine. They had barricaded themselves near the Physical Life Sciences Building and they kept inching forward toward the police lines, and you'll see some of them, if our camera shot can get it up. But you could see them inching forward toward the police and the police would have none of it.So, the police, in full shields, helmets, their eyes covered, holding their batons, moved closer toward the pro-Palestinian protesters. Some of them began to scatter, but it is a very tense situation.Campus officials had sent out an alert to all students and staff to shelter in place because they were so concerned about the safety of the individuals in the vicinity and also the number of people at that point that were starting to converge upon police.We were watching the scenes earlier on the Ingraham Angle during the break and it got very scary. And we were going to do a segment with a local sheriff in Florida about situations with crime getting out of control in the inner city, especially in blue states where we've seen terrifying scenes of criminality, oftentimes criminals being arrested and being released on to the streets in a matter of hours sometimes.And we didn't expect to bring him in to talk about this situation, but Sheriff Carmine Marceno is joining us now from Florida, and he's been dealing with messages to criminals there, don't even think about it, and very different take than you're seeing in some of our blue cities across the country.But Sheriff, this situation at UC Irvine just started spiraling out of control. And at one point the police just said, you know something? You're not going to take over this building. You're not going to lay siege to this building because classes are supposed to take place in some form or another tomorrow, even though they weren't tonight or today during the afternoon.Your reaction to some of these scenes we're seeing?SHERIFF CARMINE MARCENO, LEE COUNTY, FLORIDA: So, the world has changed, and it's unbelievable what you watch and what you see. Common sense is no longer common. You know, as a constitutional officer, we protect constitutional rights, public safety. So, if someone wants to peacefully gather and peacefully assemble, that's completely different than takeovers.When you have to send out memos and messages for people's safety, it's crossing the line, and I'm proud to see law enforcement standing strong and not allowing this havoc in the state of Florida from our governor, Ron DeSantis, all the way down to the constitutionals. We will not have that.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, these protesters were claiming they were taking over the university, not just the physical sciences building. I want to make sure I get it right, the physical sciences lecture hall, excuse me.So, they weren't just taking that over. They were taking over the whole university in honor of the victims of the situation in Gaza, and in favor, they claim, of the university at large.Well, I think that would be news to the students who are trying to either wrap up classes or maybe try to begin some type of summer program and other activities, obviously on these massive campuses at the University of California, Irvine.But when you saw the sheer numbers of police, and we're still seeing the film in front of us, they're just not going to allow this to happen.But a lot of us are saying, what took you so long? I mean, we love the police and the law enforcement, but they kind of had their hands tied in California.MARCENO: This is lawlessness. And make no mistake, you have to address it immediately, firmly and consistently with law. And take no prisoners. Meaning, you know, you push the envelope, you're not taking anything over. We win. Law enforcement wins.Unfortunately, the blue states, right, the people that are fleeing California, my hometown, New York, OK, they have like-minded ideas, and what they believe in in politics and all the above.I'm the people's sheriff, OK? Everyone's safety is important, I mean, no matter who they are. But we don't allow this behavior ever. And then they leave their blue states, where everything has failed, and they want to come down to the red states. They want to come down where we have law and order.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well --MARCENO: Same action, same result.INGRAHAM: Yeah, don't bring your liberal policies to Florida, or North Dakota, or South Dakota, or Tennessee, or Texas. You want to keep it weird, keep it weird in California, but keep it weird in Austin, can't mean criminality, and nor can it mean the same thing in Florida.Sheriff, thanks for freelancing on this other topic tonight, but this is very tense at UC Irvine. Thank you so much, sir.All right, joining us now on this same topic, Victor Davis Hanson, senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, author of the new book, The End of Everything, an apt title.Victor, we saw how Columbia mishandled this takeover of a building where the students were getting pizzas and making all sorts of demands about the types of people they wanted hired, and the kinds of things that they demanded in investments and divestments, and is it any wonder that these protesters with their dippy, you know, pop-up umbrellas were at one point inching toward the police lines, almost begging them to do something?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Absolutely. This is the wages of appeasement, Laura. Harvard president, Brown president, University of Chicago, Northwestern, they've all negotiated rather than enforce their own statutes and laws, and that's empowered all of these mobs everywhere on each campus.They know a school is going to be released soon, so they feel that this is the last gasp, and they look at what Joe Biden has been doing, giving concessions to the Muslim and Arab vote in Michigan and clamping down, and they think they're winning and they're emboldened. And if they don't control it, it's going to get to places that we don't want it to go, and we know what that is.If you have a lot of students from the Middle East, some of them are activists, they're not students, and they feel they're winning, and there's no deterrence, and school's ending very quickly, and the mood of the country is appeasing the voters in Michigan, there's no restraint on them unless the police get a hold of it.INGRAHAM: Victor, this is a nightmare for Biden. They know it, we know it, because people know who actually has encouraged this. I just want to give everyone an update as to what's happening at the University of California, Irvine campus.We had protestors, pro-Palestinian protestors, edging toward police. Police began to edge back toward the students and ordered a shelter in place for everyone in the vicinity. This is after classes were held in nearby buildings, to the building that these protestors were apparently trying to take over, the physical sciences lecture hall.At least two other buildings near the encampment that we can barely see in some of that video there, have been locked down, and the UC Irvine police have requested support from other law enforcement agencies. This, according to the official spokesperson, and apparently law enforcement from across the region are showing up there.So far, they have about 200 officers on the scene, and that number is growing, we're told. And that move came as these members of the protest negotiating team were suspended by the university.So, we're negotiating with student, I want to call them -- well, they're terrorizing other students, I would say. So, in a sense they're terrorists, Victor, because they're terrorizing other students who just want to have a normal college experience. Your reaction tonight to this, Victor?HANSON: Laura, they should take it -- everybody that knows the University of California system knows that the Irvine campus traditionally has had the most radical Middle Eastern students. Yeah, and it's the most hostile to Jewish students of all nine UC campuses. So, it's no surprise that this place is blowing up.But they've got to put a lid on it very quickly because these students feel they're winning, and they feel they have a window that's closing, and they need to get their violence across and get concessions because school's coming out.Irvine has always been a call to them, it's something that they've got to send a message to all these campuses that you can't do that. It's not fair to the students. And there's a strong anti-Semitic flavor to Irvine, there always has been.INGRAHAM: Well, Victor, one of the students involved is claiming that their hands were forced by the university suspending their negotiating team. That's what it's come to in the United States of America. Everyone watching this tonight, this scene at UC Irvine, this is your country, this is one of the greatest states ever, which is California, and this is what's happened. At a state university.So, that should be your choice as to who to vote for in November. Victor, thank you so much, we appreciate it. We're going to continue to bring you major updates on this situation in California as they develop.And why the masks? If they're proud, why the masks? Coming up, the Chiefs kicker is targeted over a commencement speech, speaking of campus insanity, and King Charles' new portrait is a horror show? Seen and Unseen with Raymond Arroyo is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's time for Seen and Unseen, where we reveal the stories behind the headlines. For that, we turn to Fox News contributor Raymond Arroyo. All right, Raymond, aside from his heavily edited debate invite video, tough guy video, the president's public events have been kept to kind of a minimum?RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, there's a reason for that, Laura. The campaign remarks are so heavily edited because this is the president unedited from an event last night.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Acting Labor Secretary Judy Sue. Judy Sue. Stand up, kid. I like that dress. Let them see your gown.They want to undo what they finally got done. And then what we finally got done to make up for it. They want to give power back to Big Pharma.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: He doesn't need a debate partner, Laura. He needs a translator. What is he trying to say and to whom is he speaking? He doesn't even know.INGRAHAM: Well, I think he thinks you can edit live television. And this is why the View girls are really pleased with the Biden debate requests.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Here's what I really appreciate. Biden is saying no audience and that the mics must be cut once the time to answer the question has expired.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: I love Joy on the side, Laura, saying I love that. I love that. What they'd really love is Donald Trump with his mouth taped shut and RFK off the scene. This is ridiculous. We should have all the candidates who qualify there and I don't think there should be any moderators. The candidates should run the debate.INGRAHAM: I agree. I think it should just be the two of them on a stage in front of a live audience. Topic, first topic. You could have a voice go, inflation, and then they have just a mic. Immigration, that would be fun.ARROYO: Biden isn't the only world leader, though, Laura, trying to recast himself in the public imagination. Prince Charles, King Charles, unveiled a bizarre official portrait. Even he seems frightened by it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, my God.ARROYO: This thing is bloody awful, Laura. It's Stranger Things, the Royal Edition. I mean, for the first time, the green protesters don't have to throw tomato soup at a painting. The artists beat them to it.I mean, but it does have a certain dark Windsor vibe about it, don't you think? You know what I mean? I'm not hyperbole, man, but it does have a dark Windsor vibe.INGRAHAM: Remember, it kind of reminds me of Biden when he did that Independence Hall speech with the red light. Remember the mega-mega thing he did? It was weird.ARROYO: Laura, I've been studying this thing all day. There are all kinds of images buried in the blood mist around him. It looks like King Charles went on a killing spree. There's even Meghan Markle's eyeball on the left- hand side of the jacket. It's somebody's eyeball. But if you zero in on it, it's literally an eyeball. Very odd, bizarre.INGRAHAM: I'm sure there's some kind of really important contemporary art message coming through there. Now, so it's the strangest official portrait since Obama collaborated, I think, with shrubbery? Yeah.ARROYO: Yeah. He's still in the greenery. Yep, yep. But let's go to commencement catastrophes, Laura, or calamities, rather. Credentialing should be reconsidered for D'Youville University in Buffalo. I've heard of politically correct commencement speakers, but these poor kids were treated to an address by an A.I. robot named Sophia.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's a pleasure to be here in Buffalo at D'Youville University. I was designed to interact with humans and engage in conversations. Although I cannot eat chicken wings, I do know that this city is the best place in the world to get them. Go Bills.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, that's the creepiest thing next to the thing you just played from Joe Biden in the portrait.ARROYO: I guess C-3PO is going to be next year's commencement speaker. Robots cannot give you lived experience. That's what kids need, you know, and this is far from it. I guess they played a Vitrola in 1911 for the class at D'Youville University. I mean, tech is not, not a commencement speaker.INGRAHAM: No. Raymond, in The Angle, we played that clip from that scary movie about the ventriloquist. Now we're showing that, and you know I don't like dolls or anything like that. So, I'm going to have nightmares about this. Thank you very much.All right, good on Benedictine University, though, for actually giving students an inspiring speaker, Kansas City kicker Harrison Butker.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Our own nation is led by a man who publicly and proudly proclaims his Catholic faith, but at the same time is delusional enough to make the sign of the cross during a pro-abortion rally.My beautiful wife, Isabel, would be the first to say that her life truly started when she began living her vocation as a wife and as a mother, and embraced one of the most important titles of all, homemaker.(END VIDEO CLIP)ARROYO: Laura, the media is now attacking Butker for advising women to embrace the vocation of motherhood. They say he's attacking women. There's even a petition for the Chiefs to get rid of him.But actually, he's calling both men and women to be what they're called to be, mothers and fathers who produce good citizens and people. What is controversial about this?INGRAHAM: Well, he's standing up for men being fathers and women being mothers. That's the most controversial thing you can say today. Everybody wants to -- you know, you should be friends with your children, not mothers and not fathers, just friends. That's all you should be.ARROYO: When you have -- Laura, when you have birth rates at historic lows, it's great that you have a sports figure like this calling young people to not only embrace their vocation, but have children. This is a good thing for all of society.Shame on those who are trying to write him out of the public conversation.INGRAHAM: Well, maybe they can get Colin Kaepernick to start kicking and bring him on to the Chiefs. That might be a way to solve this whole thing.ARROYO: No complaints about that.INGRAHAM: All right, Raymond, great to see you. Thank you. All right. More cocaine turning up in a key government building in D.C. We're going to tell you where, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Cocaine at the Capitol? Senior National Correspondent Kevin Corke is here with all the details. Kevin, what can you tell us?KEVIN CORKE, SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Laura. The U.S. Capitol Police say a small bag of cocaine was found in the hallway of its headquarters. Now, apparently it was discovered right around 1 o'clock this afternoon on the second floor of the building in an area that's apparently used for storing furniture. And apparently it was found smack dab in the middle of the floor.USCP describing the finding as a roughly 1 inch by 1 inch baggie filled with, quote, "a white powdery substance." That was field tested and it tested positive for cocaine.Now, Capitol Police say this is an area that's actually frequented by various contractors and employees, and is also very near prisoner processing. Hmm. An officer apparently found the bag and immediately turned it over to a supervisor, which is wise.Now, USCP says they have opened an investigation. They'll test the residue further and conduct DNA testing of the baggie itself. A lot of strange stuff being found in places all around D.C., Laura.INGRAHAM: Kevin, unreal. Thank you so much. All right, that is it for us tonight. Remember, tomorrow, Michael Cohen is back on the stand at the Trump trial in Manhattan. We'll be covering that. Make sure to follow me on social media in the meantime.And remember, it is America now and forever. I know sometimes it doesn't feel like it, but it is. Jesse Watters, he takes it all from here. I'll see you tomorrow night.