SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And tonight, Joe Biden faced with a question he wasn't expecting. During a podcast featuring Biden, Clinton and Obama, one of Joe's Hollywood friends asking him why he will not come on this show for an hour and -- well, the answer gets interesting. Here's a little tease.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)JASON BATEMAN, HOST: Could it be as simple as just like granting an hour to Sean Hannity and sit down and go, you tell me why the people who follow you think I'm not a good president?(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: I think the answer you'll find pretty amusing. We'll play Biden's response. That's coming up.Also tonight, Joe is plummeting in the polls. We're going to show you a lot of new numbers that have come out that are now sending the Biden campaign, the media mob into a full-fledged panic.Plus, a very bizarre White House Correspondents' Dinner featuring the fewest jokes, not any good anyway in modern history with an "SNL" host determined to coddle the ailing president.And coming up, we're going to take a look at how the left is killing comedy. Seinfeld saying it.And later, with Biden turning his back on Israel, well, the not so free world is coming together to condemn the world's only Jewish state, a victim of the worst terror attack in their history and might even band together to issue an international arrest warrant for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for fighting back and defending the survival of his country. Joe Biden is leading the world's surrender on the war on terrorism. We'll explain.And according to Biden, the left-wing politicians around the globe, Israel, they're just not allowed to fight back and defend themselves against the barbaric radical extremist terrorists that are threatening to wipe their country off the map from the river to the sea as they say.And, of course, we hear the same thing at college campuses all across the U.S. all day long, you've been watching right here on the FOX News Channel, just months after the worst attack in the history of Israel, terrorist attack, college students, their professors are condemning the victims of terror, the Israelis and glorifying the terrorists who attacked them. Now we have seen so-called protesters wearing Hamas garb, signs actually now calling for the final solution, the Hitler slogan from the river to the sea, and even more direct threats, calling on Hamas to kill Jews on top of the usual death to Israel, death to America chants, that we become way too familiar with.Over the weekend at Harvard, a group of agitators ripping down the school's American flag and replacing that with a Palestinian flag. In many schools, especially in red states, well, thankfully, these disruptive demonstrations have been disbanded. But elsewhere, at many of the so-called elite ivy institutions, all the protesters have taken over. No end in sight. We'll have a lot more on this later on. The great one Mark Levin is here tonight.But, first, joining us now live with an update from Columbia University's campus where the deadline for students to leave that campus encampment has come and it has gone, Alexis McAdams is with us with the very latest. Alexis, what's going on now? They didn't leave today.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Sean. No, they didn't leave, right, seven hours and counting, it's o'clock and they're still here. The university president sent out an ultimatum or what she thought was an ultimatum, telling those students to get out of this encampment and move those tents else, they'd get suspended. But we checked in with those student protesters who say they're not scared and if they call in the NYPD, that's going to be a big mistake. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FERMALE: We will not be moved by this intimidation tactics. You can see outside you now that the students are mobilized. There's hundreds of them here today. They will not be moved. We demand divestment. We will not be moved unless by force.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: Unless by force. Okay, so this is a so-called Gaza solidarity encampment still right in the middle of campus here at Columbia University on New York City's upper west side, hours after the embattled university president Minouche Shafik said these students who were still here and wouldn't sign the paperwork saying they would just simply abide by the rules here would not be able to go to class or graduate.But, hey, that didn't cut it. So this is a look from above at the dozens of tents still set up at Columbia. We've noticed about or so are now gone, Sean, but there's still a lot of people out here through throughout the day marching around campus and a live look also outside of the gates of Columbia here in New York City at the protesters who are still here hours and counting here, calling on the school to divest from Israel.So far, one arrest outside of those campus gates. Watch.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)MCADAMS: At this time, the NYPD, Sean, has not been called in to this private property. They're waiting for the call from Minouche Shafik, the president here, to see if she needs more help. Last time they came in with their zip ties, and had to arrest more than a hundred student protesters for disorderly conduct and also trespassing charges.But people we talked to out here including Jewish students and their families right who pay all this money to send them to the school want to know, who's in charge here, is it the students inside this encampment or is it the president? Sean?HANNITY: All right. Alexis, thank you.Now, as tensions are rising across the country, the president a self- proclaimed he healer of souls has gone noticeably missing and quiet. He desperately needs this radical base to show up for him in November so Joe has been trashing Netanyahu and Israel, while trying to ignore the hate filled protests of the left. He's trying to walk a tight rope, and as we all know -- well, Biden does not have very good balance in any regard.Anyway, now, he's falling in the polls in a major way. Don't take it from me, let's look at this a brand new poll from CNN, Donald Trump has now opened up a whopping six-point lead nationwide, nearly double the margin of error. When you throw in the third party candidates, Donald Trump's lead swells to nine points.The key driver behind these numbers -- well, the economy and immigration. According to the same CNN poll, 66 percent of voters disapprove of Joe Biden's handling of the economy and it is not just fake news CNN. Let's look at the CBS poll, with -- from three key battleground states showing that a large plurality of Americans believe they would be much better off financially if Donald Trump wins in November.In Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, an overwhelming majority of voters believe the economy was better under Donald Trump. Most believe the economy has gotten worse since the end of the pandemic. And that's not all, Donald Trump has now pulled ahead when it comes to an important question, who better understands people like you. They can't answer are you better off than you were four years ago?Now, this is all on the heels of last week's Bloomberg/Morning Consult polls showing Donald Trump winning six out of seven swing states. And don't forget Gallup, they have a poll out finding that Joe Biden is the least popular president in modern history, the last 70 years. Meanwhile, a new Harvard-Harris poll also finding that Trump is leading nationwide in both a head-to-head matchup with Biden and a three-way matchup against Biden and RFK Jr.And get this, the poll showed that 57 percent of Americans believe that Democrats are, quote, using the legal system in biased ways to take out a political opponent. And 64 percent indicated that Biden's cognitive decline is getting worse every single day. The polls now are so bad that during a podcast featuring Biden, Clinton and Obama, well, actor Jason Bateman suggested that Joe wanted to go on Hannity's program for an hour and defend your great record. But instead of providing a thoughtful answer -- well, he needed his predecessor, Barack Obama. Well, when -- he when -- not his predecessor but his former partner, Barack Obama to step in.Leading to a lot of questions really, how much influence does Obama have over Joe Biden? You decide.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)BATEMAN: You and -- you've got very smart people to suggest what it is that you do, but like could it be as simple as just like granting an hour to Sean Hannity and sit down and go, you tell me why the people who follow you think I'm not a good president, and just answer his questions, call his bluff? I mean, because the information, the facts are all there, it's particularly for that group of people what you do is so much better suited than what the other agenda is talking about. So is it just a matter of just getting on that network? I don't get it.BARACK OBAMA, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: First of all, you guys are exactly right. Joe's got an unbelievable record of accomplishments.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: The question was to Joe, not to Barack. Barack felt the need to jump in and answer for Joe because he knows he's not capable of answering.Now, by the way, just to be official, Joe is more than welcome on this program for the entire hour and I'll give him an extra three hours of uninterrupted radio time. But I don't think Joe could handle a live segment on MSDNC much less an entire on this program. It's pretty simple.This doesn't look good for Joe. He needs help answering basic questions. He struggles, he mumbles, he bumbles, he stumbles, he's having a hard time walking and talking.And let's not forget when you know he read the instructions from the teleprompter like an elderly Ron Burgundy, four more years, pause, whoops. You know from the economy, to inflation, to illegal immigration, to violence in the Middle East, war in Europe, to the obvious cognitive decline, it is no secret why Biden is hemorrhaging support from several usually reliable demographics.Then, of course, he's out there talking about his dear uncle that was eaten by cannibals. But anyway, I digress.But it's not stopping Democrats and strategic, you know, minds that are in the Democratic Party. James Carville is a lot of things, I've debated him, smart guy. And he's getting really pissed off. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: So I hear this a lot, young -- James, young voters are just not into this. It's two candidates, one's in the 80s, one is almost in the 80s and they're concerned about things that that the Washington are politicians and you just can't blame them for (EXPLETIVE DELETED) you. All right? Are you watching what is happening in the Supreme Court? If you're 26, do you see what they doing? First of all, take every right that you could possibly have away from you.If Trump and Roberts and Alito and Gorsuch and Thomas and Leonard Leo and the Heritage Foundation, if they get a hold, there will be no government left, there will be no rights left, you will live under theocracy, you'll end up Christian nationalism but that's all right you little (EXPLETIVE DELETED) 26-year-old, you don't feel like the elections important, made to not addressing the issues that I care about.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Don't worry, with Joe unable to communicate effectively Democrats are once again rolling out -- well, they're not so secret weapon, that's right, VP Harris. And recently during a, you know, pretty grotesque fawning interview with Drew Barrymore, well, Kamala spoke out against those who dare to criticize her constant, inappropriate, weird giggling and laughing. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You know, you were asking me earlier about what it means to be like the first woman and, you know, it's funny because people still got to get used to this, right? I mean, my staff for example sometimes they'll show me little things that just amuse me, like apparently some people love to talk about the way I laugh.DREW BARRYMORE, HOST: Oh, yes, I love your laugh.HARRIS: OK. Well, let me just tell you something, I have my mother's laugh and I grew up around a bunch of women in particular who laughed from the belly. They laughed. They would sit around the kitchen and drinking their coffee telling big stories with big laughs. You know, I'm never going to be -- it's just -- I'm not that person.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, there's really only one way to stop Kamala from laughing. Vote her out of office. That would be 189 days from now, and you can send her boss Joe Biden to finally retire on the beach in Delaware, maybe he'll build up his muscles and be able to pull around -- pull along his beach chair.Here with reaction, former senior advisor to the Clintons, pollster Mark Penn, FOX News contributor Ari Fleischer, and the host of Outkick's "Tomi Lahren is Fearless", Tomi Lahren, is with us.Tomi, I know, I guess these polls, you know, think about this -- all these polls are coming out while Donald Trump is on trial every day and it's getting wall to wall coverage on some networks, and think about that. Every time they've arrested him, arraigned him, took a mug shot, it just backfires and his poll numbers go up and the more times Joe goes out and speaks and he's had the entire playing field to himself in terms of campaigning, well, he's not helping himself. Your reaction?TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Well, I'll tell you this. I would expect Donald Trump to be more ahead than he is right now considering Joe Biden's record, his inability to not only lead but his inability to communicate or even stand on his own. So I'm sorry but I'm not as happy about the lead in the polls as maybe some are because I think the lead should be far greater.That also tells me the fact that the Democrats have yet to replace Joe Biden, I still think they will, that they are very confident in their voting strategy. They're very confident in the mechanics of their voting, getting out the vote, mail in votes, ballot harvesting, they're very confident in their operation. So that concerns me.But I'll also say this: when it comes to these young people and what they're doing on these college campuses, I know it seems like it's a handful of misfits and they might very well be in the minority now, but, Sean, the future generations are not becoming any less communist, any less pro-terror, anti-white, anti- freedom, anti-America. We've got generations coming up through our school system who are going to make the protest now look small in comparison to what they could be in five or 10 years.This is a lasting problem for the conservative movement, for the GOP, for the United States in general. The GOP has failed to get involved in the education system. We have failed to get involved at the local level and our school boards and our city councils.And so, I fear that this isn't just a 200-day problem until the next election. This is a 20-year problem, long after Joe Biden and Donald Trump are gone, we're going to have to contend with this younger voting bloc, so we better start now because it's not enough to just scoff at them. They might not vote for Joe in November, but boy, I don't know if they're going to be voting for Republicans anytime soon. We've got to face that reality.HANNITY: Well, they've been indoctrinated, you know, in these, quote, institutions of higher learning.Mark Penn, let me throw this to you. We have the leader of the free world now is basically incapable of leading and he's abdicated America's role on the world stage and frankly stabbing, you know, he surrendered in the war on terrorism, stabbing our ally Israel in the back in the process, and these protests, you cannot tell me in any way politically help Joe Biden.MARK PENN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, no, they're not. They're not helping even the cause that they're protesting for because most Americans look at these protests, they don't see any American flags there. They see quite the opposite that they seem to be anti-American, anti-Israel, some of them even pro- Hamas, and it's really backfiring. There's been no change in American support for Israel and for getting the hostages out and for getting Hamas out of Gaza, and that has not changed even though these things have gone on.But the more Joe Biden caters to the base of the party and to these demonstrators, his rating on this issue goes down, not up. I think he's made a major miscalculation there. The swing voters are looking for world leadership and that means standing up to terrorists, that means hanging tough, that means solving some of these problems in the Mideast.And they don't see that yet. Now, look, a lot can happen, but that is not what the American voters are seeing today and you're seeing these polls that were closing going the other way now and widening. And let me just make one last point, the biggest reason they're widening is that Joe Biden has a 44 percent job approval and Donald Trump when asked about his presidency has a 55 percent job approval.Joe Biden has to close that gap or it's going to be a tough race.HANNITY: You know, Ari, you look at the numbers and all right, here's America's population. Here's Israel's population. It would be the equivalent based on population comparisons extrapolated out of, 8,000 Americans taken hostage out of us territory, 40,000 dead, Americans in a single day and all Joe Biden has been doing is lecturing Israel on how they should fight this war, how they need peace talks, how they need a ceasefire, now stabbing Prime Minister Netanyahu in the back, maybe using the Leahy laws, a means of not even giving the IDF any military aid or support at all but meanwhile they just keep sending, you know, 100 billion plus over to Ukraine.And it's not just, Joe. It's Schumer, it's Pelosi, and I would say it's all rooted in the fact that he wants every one of these votes. Your thoughts?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, I think you have to give Joe Biden credit actually, Sean, credit for always consistently being wrong on foreign policy. I mean go back to when he was a young senator and he opposed Ronald Reagan on missile defense, the same missile defense that just stopped Iran. He was against the very successful and popular First Gulf War. He was for the unsuccessful Second Gulf War. He wanted to divide Iraq into three pieces, that would have been a flop.And now when it comes to Israel and Gaza, he's all over the map. Those "Wall Street Journal" said the two-state solution for Joe Biden is Michigan and Nevada.Every decision he's making to put pressure on Israel, to put pressure on Netanyahu is all geared toward winning an election, not alienating Arab voters and the young people on campuses. But the problem he's got is he can't occupy a middle ground. This is the flaw on his judgment. You either have to like George Bush said, you're with us, you're against us in this war now in Gaza.And he is abandoning Israel. He's walked away from Israel. He only pressures Israel and he won't get the Arab vote, they're going to stay home in substantial numbers and he's going to have huge inroads made by Republicans into the Jewish vote, another historical Democrat constituency.Everything he does, he has a reverse Midas touch. He messes up every foreign policy issue. He's ever been involved in.HANNITY: You're right, and if peace and prosperity which historically have driven elections if that remains the -- if that remains the pattern, Joe Biden will lose in November. If these numbers hold that we're seeing across the board, I don't see how we can come back, but we have 189 days to go, anything can happen. Thank you all.When we come back, the Biden administration's betrayal of Israel is getting worse. Now, we're going to tell you what they did this time. We'll get reaction from the great one Mark Levin. That's all straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Now if you thought Biden's betrayal of Israel could not get any worse, well, think again. The State Department, they just publicly accused several IDF units of committing human rights violations prior to the October 7th attacks on Israel. Also tonight, Israeli leaders are allegedly worried about meddling from the International Criminal Court, which is now reportedly considering issue -- issuing arrest warrants for alleged, quote, war crimes against both Israeli and Palestinian officials. Tell me how there's a moral equivalency here?Anyway, according to "Axios", Prime Minister Netanyahu even reportedly asked Biden to try and help prevent the ICC from pressing charges. We did reach out to the Biden White House. We have yet to hear back. What a shock.Here with reaction to all the day's events, the host of "Life, Liberty & Levin", Mark Levin.The most -- maybe this is the most repulsive moment and there are a lot of them, illegal immigration is one, the economy and is handling of it, number two. This might be the worst thing he's ever done, because he has surrendered in the war on terror and now when they now try to invoke the Leahy law as a means of preventing the IDF from even receiving any help from the U.S., isn't that a full and complete surrender to terrorists, Mark Levin?MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yeah.Let me tell you some of what's going on here, Sean, as a general matter. We now know Joe Biden's brother worked closely Qatar. Qatar has bought off many politicians in this country and they're working with Qatar on the so- called hostage release. We've extended our base there for 10 years with Qatar.Joe Biden has sold out and bought up and down by foreign dictators and genocidal maniacs. His entire family does business with him. But putting that aside, Joe Biden is a psychopath. He lies about his own life. He thinks he can recreate and re-engineer the Middle East.Let me say something about this international criminal court. We have never recognized the jurisdiction of some globalist court appointed by left-wing radical Europeans and some left-wing radical prosecutor. We don't even know their names. We don't even know how they come to these decisions. They have taken in no testimony, there's no due process, there's nothing whatsoever. This is effectively Europe's politburo.And, of course, Europe has never gotten over its Third Reich problems. The Holocaust was in Europe, the Holocaust spread in Europe, the antisemitism and Jew hatred in every capital in Europe, London, Paris, you name it, is vile, it's horrendous all across Europe.And so, now, you have this phony International Criminal Court that President Trump said don't you ever, ever try and issue any warrants anything against the United States where I will sanction you, I will break you. And that's how you keep the International Criminal Court, which is an effect a joke, off of our doorsteps.But look at the Israelis, the Israelis are surrounded by terrorist states. Joe Biden and Blinken funded Iran, armed Iran, paid for October 7th, they have blood on their hands. I believe they're behind the International Criminal Court doing what it wants to do because if they said cut it out, they'd cut it out, but they won't say it.They keep dancing around. Look at what Biden and Blinken have done. Saudi Arabia was going to make a deal with Israel to have diplomatic ties, Biden stopped it unless they agree to a two-state solution, then only Biden will support it, threatening to cut off arms to Israel while Blinken keeps going over there like the Grim Reaper to Israel telling them how to fight a war. This guy who this candy ass who's sat on his ass his entire life, in academia and on Capitol Hill, telling the Israelis how to defend themselves. It's outrageous.If this court rules as it does, I want America to understand how it affects our national security. We do not accept its jurisdiction, the Israelis do not accept its jurisdiction. But if it starts issuing arrest warrants to Israelis, it can do the same to the United States, it can do the same to our soldiers that are in Germany and other places around the world, it can do the same to our admirals and our generals, it can attack the United States too, and it will because it's controlled by leftist Europeans. That's what controls this board. It is a globalist board, that's all it is. It's a politburo.Now, the idea that they would single out the one Jewish state that's defending itself, that didn't provoke a damn thing that has Hamas surrounded right now, the only thing that's going to prevent Israel from destroying Hamas once and for all is Biden, Blinken and they hope the International Court of Appeals by doing, what, by trashing Netanyahu, by trashing the Netanyahu government.I want the American people to understand something, they're only trashing Netanyahu because he's a foil for the Jews. They hate Israel. They want to break up Israel. They do not want Israel to destroy Hamas. They're doing business with Iran. They're doing business with all these genocidal maniac regimes throughout the Middle East.And so Israel is supposed to pay the price. So what if Israel has another October 7th? So what if the Iranians get a nuclear weapon?Let me say one other thing, if this court's going to hold Netanyahu for war crimes and his staff, then it sure as how better hold Biden and Blinken. Why? Because Biden and Blinken funded this war. Biden and Blinken opened up the ability for Iran to buy arms.Donald Trump had his foot on the throat of this regime. It was on its back. This regime in Iran is slaughtering imprisoning and torturing its own people.One other thing, this is really bad. If this international criminal court does what it does and Biden keeps sitting on his hands and Blinken sitting on his hands and Schumer and the whole Democrat Party, I want to congratulate the speaker and some Republicans who are speaking out now, you know what's going to happen? They're going to fuel Holocaust-like antisemitism all across Europe, because they will have given the seal of approval, the seal of approval to Hamas, to Iran, to Hezbollah, the Houthis, the Muslim Brotherhood and all the other mass murder monstrous terrorists throughout the world.They will provoke them. They will give them impetus. They will give them motivation to do more of what they're doing because after October 7th, what will they have accomplished. Joe Biden running around two-state solution, Joe Biden creating the worst relationship with Israel that we've ever had, Joe Biden threatening to disarm the state of Israel, Joe Biden holding Israel responsible for feeding the Gazans, none of the Arab countries, even though Hamas is stealing all the food and so forth, Joe Biden basically using blood libel after blood libel against the Israelis that they're killing all these civilians they're using the Hamas numbers.All of this will be certified, all of this will be sanctified, all the Hitler youth on our campuses, the Hitler youth throughout Europe, and the Hitlerian throughout Europe, where the Holocaust started. This is what they're going to take out of October 7th.The enemy is Hamas. The enemy is Iran. The enemy are those who are silent in the face of this kind of genocide. That is by the terrorists.They're the enemy. The U.N. is the enemy. The International Criminal Court is the enemy, and it's about time we get on the side of good against the side of evil. And Joe Biden is a pathological self-serving liar who will do anything to get reelected, including put Donald Trump in prison and have Netanyahu serve with a rest warrants from the ICC.That's it. I'm done.HANNITY: This is what happens when an American president puts his personal political ambition above uh winning a war against radical terrorists and, Mark, this is what a world looks like when the leader of the free world abdicates that role and responsibility because, well, he's sucking up to and appeasing the worst regime on the face of this Earth, the number one state sponsor of terror, frightening times.Mark Levin, great one, thank you.When we come back, the mob, the media, they're not even trying to disguise their anti-Trump hatred anymore. We'll explain. We'll get analysis. Joe Concha, Tammy Bruce are next, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. On Saturday night, at the annual White House Correspondents Dinner, well, amid reports that Biden has grown frustrated with the press coverage of his failures, he urged them to alter their coverage as we get closer to November. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Move past the horse race numbers and the gotcha moments and the distractions, the sideshows that have come to dominate and sensationalize our politics and focus on what's actually at stake. And I think in your hearts, you know it was at stake.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And apparently, at least some of them listen, because Georgie Stephanopoulos echoed his remarks the very next morning on ABC. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS, ABC NEWS HOST: It's all too easy to fall into reflexive habits, to treat this as a normal campaign, where both sides embrace the rule of law, where both sides are dedicated to a debate based on facts, and the peaceful transfer of power. But that is not what's happening this election year. Those bedrock tenets of our democracy are being tested in a way we haven't seen since the Civil War. It's a test for the candidates, for those of us in the media and for all of us as citizens.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Okay, like the weaponization, let's see, lawfare, weaponization of our Justice Department, George does not address any of Joe's failures. He ignores the obvious cognitive decline, the so-called journalist is basically like everyone else in the mob and the media today, pretending to be a journalist when he is secretly nothing but a liberal talk show host hack. You might remember, he worked for Bill Clinton, caught threatening a reporter in his 1992 campaign when he was working for Bill Clinton. You might remember.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEPHANOPOULOS: What is names, address, I can send you a fact with names, addresses of phone numbers of who you had an affair with. It wouldn't make it true, it is completely (EXPLETIVE DELETED). If you went on the radio and said that Bill Clinton is the father of an illegitimate Black child, you would be laughed at, people would think you're crazy. I guarantee you that if you do this, you'll never work in Democratic politics again.(END VIDEOI CLIP)HANNITY: You'll never work again. Oh, that's not a threat, is it?Here with reaction, FOX News contributors Joe Concha and Tammy Bruce.All right. So the bedrock tenets of democracy are being threatened , Tammy, and he goes on to say, what -- I would say a bedrock tenet is justice. How come he didn't bring up in the process of all that the weaponization of our own Department of Justice? How come he didn't bring up any of Biden's issues cognitively? You know, pretty amazing that those facts were missed.TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, indeed, because you know, once a Democrat operative, always a Democrat operative. He's not just a liberal hack. This is a guy that clearly is taking the lead in the request of the party leader to issue propaganda. That's what the Joe Biden called for was to a room full of media that is supposed to be looking at him with suspicion and are supposed to be reporting on him with clarity.And it becomes a meeting of collusion. It's a journal list, but in the open with everyone in you know gala suits and black tie and tuxedos I mean, it's a remarkable thing and you then Stephanopoulos with a straight face says to the American people and to media, we've got to do propaganda because that's what the ask was for.And this is how desperate they are, and the question becomes, what is it that they're so afraid of losing? Is it not -- it's not their job clearly to cover a president. They were not fair to President Trump. They clearly are running cover for Joe Biden.The American system relies on a media that can be trusted as a genuine, independent arbiter of the truth, of investigations and of what's important. So this is what the American people saw. I mean, that whole White House Correspondents' Dinner should never occur. They're covering and laughing with and sitting on a dias with and palling it up with the people that they should feel comfortable telling the truth about.And the only person who was willing to say enough with this, I don't need your pat on a back was Donald Trump, and that's how it should be is a president should be interested in doing his work, not telling the media how to cover him. And you can fight it out with the media, that's fine, but this is now the media. It's this turn style with people like Stephanopoulos and Jake Tapper and other people who are who have come from the party to continue their work on media.HANNITY: And they call themselves journalists, Joe Concha. They're not journalists.JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: They're activists, right? For the most part, not all, but many, a good chunk, that's certainly for sure.But again, if we're keeping score at home to Tammy's point, George Stephanopoulos, Bill Clinton's former miniature pit bull, the guy who as you showed suppressed information about his boss, threatened reporters while he served in that administration before later moving to ABC News, become its chief news anchor, apparently, this is the guy who's going to save democracy by telling voters how they should think, and we're supposed to trust him on what is and isn't newsworthy when it comes to Joe Biden and Donald Trump?You know, that dog don't hunt. Maybe we could have Jen Psaki and James Carville moderate a Biden-Trump debate while we're at it, right? So these are the kind of self-righteous declarations that are nothing new by prominent media members in the Trump era.What we've seen CNN and MSNBC refused to show Donald Trump making live remarks after primary victories this year because they say they don't want to allow liars on their air, only to proceed to do interviews with, you know, federal inmate number 438 otherwise known as Michael Avenatti literally from prison, or they'll hang on every word when talking to the beacons of truth known as Adam Schiff and Michael Cohen.So it would have been fascinating to see the looks on their faces when they saw those polls over the weekend come out showing Trump up by five, Trump up by six, Trump up by nine nationally, and ahead or at least tied in every state, because that shows how out of touch they are with the American people outside of deep blue cities when it comes to talking about the issues they care about, not lawfare, but inflation, energy prices, crime, the border, and chaos happening on American campuses and around the world.HANNITY: If this election is about the issues you just referred to, I think Donald Trump wins, you know, by and far away. But they will want to make this about abortion and do the bidding for the Democrats. They'll want to make it about democracy in peril. They'll want to make it about January 6th. They'll want to make it about Trump and they'll call Republicans every name as they do every election -- racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, transphobic, and they want dirty and water.That's the whole campaign. I could sum up the next 189 days.Anyway, good to see you both. Tammy, thank you. Joe, thank you.When we come back, more horrific economic numbers for Joe Biden. Larry Kudlow is next. He'll break them for all us, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. The Biden economy, that continues to remain bleak. According to new data, 29 percent of American households have a job but still cannot afford basic necessities. And amid high inflation, experts now are warning we may not see lower rates than ones that we expected we were told were coming from the federal reserve, but instead more rate hikes.Inflation is also hurting Biden among senior citizens, with many saying that their social security checks can no longer cover the cost of living. And to make matters worse, the president has vowed to let most of Donald Trump's tax cuts expire next year, which would mean higher taxes for millions of Americans. Here with more, the host of Kudlow on FOX Business, Larry Kudlow, and my understanding is, doesn't he want to increase the capital gains tax, what, to 44 percent? Aren't they talking about taxing unrealized gains?You know, all right, one day, your stock is worth 100 bucks. Two days later, it's worth 50 bucks. But they want you -- at the end of the year, if you're up at that, at the end of that year, they want you to pay money on something that you haven't even realized?LARRY KUDLOW, FBN HOST: Yeah, well, thanks for having me, Sean.Actually, the capital gains could be my favorite because the Treasury Department, Janet Yellen's Treasury put out a whole report that said we have to raise -- they have to raise the capital gains tax to nearly 45 percent federal because there's too much racial inequality, and that we're going to penalize the people who have the most assets which are white people. There's no question about that.So let's make everything worse, instead of a rising tide lifts all boats, we're going to have a falling tide that sinks all boats, on the basis -- this is where DEI strikes again, only this time, it's capital gains tax, and there's one other one worth poking around with and that is Janet Yellen is apparently talking to G20 foreign governments that will institute the wealth tax that you mentioned a few moments ago.This would be a 2 percent tax on wealthy people. I don't know what the income level is going to be, basically all across the world, but of course, the United States has the most wealth, so we would be hurt the most. And you're going to have to have everybody like billionaires, millionaires -- they're all going to have to report everything, their income, their assets, their housing, their stock market portfolio everything will have to be reported to some European Union Commission, all right, so they can figure out who to go after. I mean, this stuff -- you can't make this stuff up. It's absolutely insane.And, oh, yeah, one more, a minimum tax on American corporations which is to say foreign governments -- go back to the G20 -- in this case, it's the European Union, they will set a minimum tax on all corporations, particularly technology companies, which means American companies. So we will be governed, Sean, by foreign governments, particularly in Europe, who will then tax American corporations here in America. We're going to lose our -- we've already lost sovereignty on the border.HANNITY: But wait a minute, is it deeper than that?KUDLOW: Now we're going to lose sovereignty on taxes.HANNITY: Don't they want to have a wealth tax -- a world wealth tax that they want to put in place?KUDLOW: Yeah, that's -- that's that 2 percent tax, I referred to yes. That would be a wealth tax -- but they have to figure out who's got the money, so you're going to have to have reporting requirements for everybody. I mean, I don't know how they expect to be able to do this. Everybody that has some degree of wealth will have to report to some Central European government I suppose the Treasury will share and they will then figure out picking and choosing who's going to get tax. It'd be a 2 percent tax on all assets.Now this will do enormous damage to the U.S. economy and the rest of the Biden plan, which is a roughly five trillion dollar tax hike. You know, you saw the numbers from CNN. Trump's popularity from his first term is now enormous and they just did another poll on CNN and people remember how much money they made, including middle class people, who were the biggest winners.In fact, that's not true, lower income people, it wasn't the rich -- the rich had to pay a SALT, you know, lost their state and local tax deduction, it was actually the lowest quintile, the lowest 20 percent had the biggest gains, okay, poverty went down, inequality went down, unemployment, record lows for Blacks, for Hispanics, for young people, for women. All these groups, now the polls show how people yearn for Trump's successful economic policies to lower taxes and deregulate, and drill, baby, drill.HANNITY: If your tax corporations, they don't pay taxes. They just pass on that added tax to the -- to their consumer. If they tax capital gains -- well, that means people that have money won't invest money and that will mean fewer jobs that are created and we're talking about high-paying career jobs for many Americans.KUDLOW: A hundred percent. Look, the biggest hit from a corporate tax hike, this is data shows this, Kevin Hassett did work on this years ago, wage earners, middle income blue collar type wage earners, Sean, they're the ones who benefit from a lower corporate tax, they're the ones, for example, in one year under Trump, in one year 2019, when the thing was fully in place, middle income working folks made over $5,000.That was a bigger gain than eight years of Obama and Joe Biden. So, there's -- you're right, there's no corporate tax. It's passed along to wage earners who will lose money under Biden's proposal and consumers and investors. It's a shell game. He is telling untruths just like he always does.HANNITY: When I was a resident New York and the Trump tax cuts passed and he eliminated the state and local tax deduction, I ended up paying more. But I didn't deserve that because you're were rewarding states that that elect, you know, high tax and spend liberals.All right. Thanks, Larry.Jerry Seinfeld calling out the extreme left for killing comedy, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Comedian Jerry Seinfeld thinks the extreme left is ruining comedy. He's right. Look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JERRY SEINFELD, COMEDIAN: Nothing really affects comedy. People always need it. They need it so badly and they don't get it. It used to be you would go home at the end of the day, most people would go, oh, "Cheers"; is on, oh "Mash" is on, oh, "Mary Tyler Moore" is on. All the family's" on.You just expect it, there'll be some funny stuff we can watch on TV tonight. Well, guess what? Where is it? This is the result of the extreme left and PC crap and people worrying so much about offending other people.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: He's right, sad.That's all the time we have left this evening. Set your DVR so you never, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face, next.