SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.Tonight, a deadly shootout caught on tape, 26-year-old Dexter Reed killed during a traffic stop in the violent city of Chicago. According to initial reports Reed began shooting at police who then returned fire, shooting back at Reed 96 times.Viewer warning, what you're about to see, it is graphic, it is disturbing. Take a look.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: Now, we'll have that full tape coming up and a full investigation is now underway. Democrats, the media mob, they're rush to judgment, they're already attempting to capitalize on this young man's death to score cheap political points, and further divide the country.Per usual, they couldn't care less about facts on the ground and never wait for the full story to come out. We have full analysis straight ahead.Also, inflation is on the rise yet again, and former Obama economic advisor Larry Summers, he has a dire warning that the economy will get even worse. You and your family need to know about this. We'll tell you tonight.And also, we will detail a new serious warning about a looming, large scale coordinated terrorist attack in the U.S., all made possible by your President Joe and his wide open southern border and tens of thousands coming from China and Russia and Iran and Syria and Egypt and Afghanistan.But, tonight, we begin in Las Vegas where O.J. Simpson has died from prostate cancer at the age of 76. During his life, the former NFL running back, star, Hollywood star, was known for many nicknames, including the mayor of Brentwood, the Juice, or just playing old O.J.But the families of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman, they knew O.J. as the coldblooded killer who they believe murdered their loved ones and got away with it. In 1995, few Americans can forget at the time, Simpson was acquitted of murder after what was the trial of the decade. A year earlier, O.J. Simpson's ex-wife Nicole Brown and her friend Ronald Goldman, they were brutally stabbed to death outside of Brown's condo.Now, Nicole Brown was nearly decapitated. A short time later, police uncovered what they believe what was a mountain of evidence against O.J. Simpson. An arrest warrant was issued but O.J. refused to turn himself in. Instead, we had Americans all across the country watching as O.J. Simpson led the police on a slow speed chase in that infamous white Ford Bronco, an estimated 95 million people watch this bizarre chase.Most people, if you were watching, you remember where you were at the time this was going on, and the day the verdict came in, you usually remember where you were that day, too.Now this was all before O.J. eventually capitulated. This kicked off one of the most publicized trials in American history and a bloody glove seen, well, around the world. Take a look.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: Remember, if the glove doesn't fit, you must have acquit.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY COCHRAN, DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Maybe I can demonstrate this graphically. I'm going to show you something. This is a knit cap. I'm going put this knit cap on, and you've been seeing me for a year. If I put this knit cap on, who am I? I'm still Johnny Cochran with a knit cap.And if you look at O.J. Simpson over there, and he has a rather large head, O.J. Simpson in a knit cap from two blocks away is still O.J. Simpson. It's no disguise. It's no disguise. It makes no sense. It doesn't fit. If it doesn't fit, you must acquit.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: For many Americans, that seemed like an incredibly weak defense amid a ton of forensic and circumstantial evidence stacked against O.J. Simpson. But the jury disagreed. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: In the matter of the people of the state of California versus Orenthal James Simpson, case number BA097211, we the jury and the above entitled action find the defendant Orenthal James Simpson not guilty of the crime of murder in violation of penal code section 187A, a felony upon Nicole Brown Simpson, a human being as charged in count one of the information.Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, in the matter of the people of state of California versus Orenthal James Simpson, we the jury in the above entitled action find the defendant Orenthal James Simpson not guilty of the crime of murder in violation of penal code section 187A, a felony upon Ronald Lyle Goldman.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Of course, there's so much more to the story. In 2016, one jour admitted that she and many others in the almost all African-American jury thought O.J. was guilty but he was not guilty that verdict as payback for the Rodney King beating.Now, ultimately, O.J. was found liable in a civil court for the killings but one of the only ways the victim's families were able to collect from Simpson was by publishing his book titled "If I Did It". Now, the bizarre, pretty brazen book detailed how O.J. believes the murderers -- the murders of Brown and Goldman could have happened if he did it.Now, despite his acquittal in '95, O.J. did spend a significant portion of his life behind bars. In 2008, he was sentenced to 33 years in prison for armed robbery and kidnapping but he was later paroled in 2017. And in his last video before his death, Simpson said he was doing just great. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)O.J. SIMPSON, FORMER NFL STAR: Hey, let me take a moment to say thank you to all the people who reached out to me. My health is good. I mean, obviously I'm dealing with some issues, but hey, I think I'm just about over it and I'll be back on that golf course hopefully in a couple of weeks.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Around Los Angeles., O.J. Simpson was well known as extremely charismatic, friendly person. But those who knew him best, they saw a dark side. The Juice had a violent temper and the rest is history. O.J. Simpson dead at 76.Now, coming up, O.J. Simpson family friend Leo 2.0 Terrell will join us, along with attorney Alan Dershowitz, who worked on that case.But first, here with reaction, he is the host of the ever so popular, I mean, it's so popular I can't even count all the people that watch either his podcast or watch him on ESPN, my friend Stephen A. Smith from ESPN.Sir, welcome back. Great to have you.You said something earlier today, if you were on this jury -- finish the sentence.STEPHEN A. SMITH, ESPN HOST: Oh, he would have been under the jail. He wouldn't have got off, not if I was on that jury. There's no question about it. I mean, he was guilty as hell. The forensic evidence, that circumstantial evidence, and the manner in which the murders took place, it was clearly a crime of passion and when you look at some of the things that they had articulated about his past, his relationship with Nicole Brown Simpson, some of the things that he had done to her, the Gloria Allreds and others obviously have spoken very eloquently about this over the years.It was clear that there was such preponderance of evidence against him. That, you know, he deserved to be in jail for the rest of his life at the very, very least. The flip side to it however is I certainly wasn't surprised at the verdict, and I wasn't surprised at the reasons that ultimately jurors confessed years later in the aftermath of the Rodney King situation in Los Angeles, the history of brutality on the part of some police officers when it came to the LAPD against residents of L.A.'s -- of L.A. that happened to be African-Americans.You knew it was one of those situations where wasn't about O.J.'s innocence that people were looking at. It was about indicting the LAPD. That ultimately is why O.J. Simpson got off. He got off for two reasons. Number one, to indict the LAPD, and number two, because Marcia Clark and Christopher Darden, and two people we don't talk about enough, did an absolutely horrendous job.There is no way around that, all of these years later, 1995, now we're talking about nearly 30 years later. Let us not forget, you don't ask this man months later to try on a glove. He doesn't take his medication, his hands and fingers swell. It wasn't going to fit. They kind of knew it.And ultimately it was depicted in a series if I remember correctly where Johnny Cochran had coasted Christopher Darden to go against the wishes of Marcia Clark and convince him to force O.J. to try and try on the glove. Once folks saw that, it wasn't going to fit, it was exactly the nugget that he needed to ultimately say if it doesn't fit, you must acquit and ultimately get O.J. Simpson off of double murder.He's double murderer in the eyes of most people in this country. White, Black, Latino, African-American and everything else but it was more important to folks at the time to indict the LAPD and to shine of spotlight on what they were doing to African-Americans in the city of Los Angeles and that was why O.J. Simpson ended up a free man that year.HANNITY: Let me ask you, we talk privately about how -- I think sports is the great uniter. You're -- you know, you're always lecturing me, Hannity, stick to your wheelhouse, stick to politics. I'll take care of sports and when I hear talk politics, I always say, stay in your lane, Stephen A., you don't know what you're talking about.But -- but we have we have a friendship that's emerged.SMITH: Yes.HANNITY: One of my arguments and one ongoing conversation we have had is bringing the issue of politics into sports. I mean, I look at sports as probably one of the most unifying moments you could ever want. You have, for example, let's say pick a football game, you have people that have a shared passion, it's football and they have a shared passion. It's a team that they love that they're pulling for.You have people of all socioeconomic, race backgrounds and creeds and colors, everybody together, you're high-fiving strangers, you're buying beer for strangers, you -- you're just having a great time. You throw politics into it, now you're taking a big wedge and you're throwing it right in the middle of what should be a my mind a unifying event of people of all backgrounds where everybody's an American that has a shared passion.We have discussed that at length. But, you know, in this case, there was a racial divide. You had people that were white Americans reacting one way and African-Americans reacting a very different way. And I don't think it was ever more divided in terms of racial lines than at that moment. Talk about that.SMITH: Uh-huh. Well, first of all, you're absolutely right. You're not wrong.But one of the things that myself and you along with myself and the great one Mark Levin have repeatedly butted heads in a very, very friendly and affectionate matter but nevertheless butt heads about is the integration or the meshing of politics with sports. This is one of the examples that you can utilize from it.I brought up the LAPD and I thought about -- I brought up the fact that the LAPD at least at that particular moment in time was so vile in the eyes of African-Americans in the city of Los Angeles and its surrounding areas, that it was more important for Black Americans to make sure we shine the light on the LAPD as opposed to convicting O.J. Simpson for murder.He was one individual I thought he was guilty as hell. I stand on it. If I was on the jury, his behind would have been under the jail. Make no mistake about it. He'd have never got out if it were up to me, because I thought he was guilty as hell.But nevertheless, I understood what was going to transpire because of what we're talking about here. When we transition that and we elevate the level of conversation in terms of me and you, me and Mark Levin and others and the kind of things that we talk about, this is why politics and sports shouldn't be so maligned. If you're conscientious, you know what you're talking about, if you're a professional athlete, if you're a coach, or anybody in the world of sports who happens to have enjoyed the level of success, please understand you don't just get to go home and mind your business. You represent your community and the community for once you come is sitting around telling you the kind of things they're experiencing even though you may be detached from it at this particular moment in time because of the level of success that you're enjoying.As a result, you feel compelled to be a conscientious observer and bring to light to people out there because you have a platform and a voice to disseminate a message so they'll understand exactly what your community is saying. I do that with you all the time and vice versa. How many times do I get on the phone with you, Sean, and you and I talk and I say to you, let me tell you what this side is thinking, let me tell you what's going on with us, let me tell you some of the experience that we have.A lot of times you are right and a lot of people that look at you and say you're wrong just because you're you, without listening to what you're saying and the facts that you're spewing. They're wrong. They're caught up in an emo -- in their emotions rather than fact, but far more often than giving credit for, there are facts that come to the equation that don't reach people like yourself, the Mark Levin and others from this side of the fence.And as a result of that, folks are not letting you know what's truly, truly going on sometimes. And when those things happen, the communication that we have enables us to have a conversation like this in front of a national audience where we're letting each other's know, I come from one perspective. You come from another perspective, but we get along very well.We're friends. We listen to one another. We confide in one another. We vibe back and forth and we discuss things on an -- on a -- on a continuous basis.That's what America is supposed to be about. On far too many occasions, it's not. And that's a problem that people like me and you are trying to fix it.HANNITY: Well, I agree with that part and I actually think a lot more of our conversations privately need to be public and we will have many more of them in the future. I just -- I have a -- I have a lot of work to do on some of your political thoughts but otherwise we love you.I had to be on the phone with a "Washington Post" reporter for a half hour telling them how great you are. I mean, do you know how hard that was? You know how many times I have to answer, how could you be friends with Stephen A. Smith and how many times I have to defend you? I do it though because I like you and you're my friend.SMITH: I know you ain't talking. You know how many times I get interviewed and I get asked about you?HANNITY: No.(CROSSTALK)SMITH: How do you even talk to this guy? He's crazy. He's nutsy. How do you even like him?I deal with this stuff every day. If I do it for you, you can do it for me. Half hour is nothing.HANNITY: Why did I start? Why did I open the Pandora's box?SMITH: All right, baby.HANNITY: Stephen A., all right, man, appreciate it. Thank you.Joining us now, FOX News contributor Leo 2.0 Terrell. He was a friend of O.J. Simpson and his family, along with Alan Dershowitz. He served as a legal counsel -- as legal consultant to O.J.'s team during his murder trial.All right. Leo, prior to Leo 2.0, that beautiful hat that you have on your head, there was a Leo 1.0. And there were many occasions that you were on either "Hannity and Colmes" or HANNITY, and I would ask you, how's your buddy O.J.? Is he on the golf course looking for the real killers? And you'd say, don't go there.And on a couple of occasions, if my memory serves me right, you would rip off your microphone, rip out your earpiece, throw it down walk off the set and I'd be showing an empty chair on air for viewers.Now, you won't let me show that tape, you should, because it's entertaining but you were friends with them and you never have answered a question that I've tried to ask you for many years. This is a serious question. And that is, do you think he did this?LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, first of all, Sean, you know, my friendship with you and my association with FOX News began with the O.J. Simpson case and it's been almost 30 years and I appreciate that and respect that. We've had discussions about the Simpson case.But let me be very clear as and I was friends with the family. I knew the majority of the dream team. I happen to have the privilege to know Mr. Dershowitz as well.As far as the legal system, the legal system worked, because the prosecution failed to prove his case. And I think the team with Cochran, Dershowitz, F. Lee Bailey, Shapiro, they were able to prove reasonable doubt.Now, in the court of public opinion is another story, and as far as my personal opinion, it's not relevant, but the point is, is that the court of public opinion found Simpson guilty. In the rule of law which we are a nation of law, the jury found an acquittal. And I -- and I think everyone in this country can agree the prosecution did a horrible job in pro -- in pursuing their case against O.J. Simpson.HANNITY: That isn't really an answer to my question. Do you think as a guy that was friends with O.J. and heard all the evidence, do you think your --TERRELL: I did.HANNITY: -- friend did this?TERRELL: Okay, let me simply say as much as I can and respecting the show and you and my friendship with everyone involved, I believe that my personal opinion as to guilt or innocent is not the issue here. The issue is whether or not he -- his acquittal was justified. I think you got Professor Dershowitz will tell you it's justified. And when I was on your show, I argue that point. Court of public opinion is another story, and you had Stephen A. Smith talk about his opinion as a juror probably in the court of public opinion.But the evidence was not proven by the prosecution. Blame Marcia Clark and Chris Darden.HANNITY: All right. Let me get your take, Professor Dershowitz, and for the record, you know this, Professor, and I won't ask you because you were a legal -- you were legally consulting on the case what you think in terms of guilt or innocence. I don't think that's a fair question unless you want to answer that, or offer that.However you had, you know, all of the blood, you had the shoes, you had everything, it seemed overwhelming the evidence. It seemed incontrovertible the evidence.Certainly, the glove help O.J., but most Americans felt he was guilty. What's your reaction?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR: Look, the evidence was overwhelming. There was a mountain of evidence of guilt. There was blood evidence. There was DNA evidence.There was only one problem, the LAPD framed what they believe was a guilty man by taking one sock, one sock and pouring the blood of O.J. Simpson and the blood of the victim on the sock. The problem is that the man who did it, Office Van Atter, didn't realize that the blood he was pouring on the sock had a chemical in it called EDTA which is not found in the human body but found in test tubes.So we were able to prove conclusively that one piece of evidence, just the sock had been tampered with by the government and that created a reasonable doubt.And, of course, Stephen A. is absolutely right. The LAPD was on trial the predominantly Black community and the jurors didn't trust the LAPD and that's why it was so dangerous for Van Atter to try to enhance the evidence by creating that bloody sock because it played right into the prejudices perhaps of the jurors against the LAPD.Look, I want to send my sincerest condolences to the Goldman family, the Brown family. They've done a phenomenal job in standing up for their relatives and if they had called me first before the O.J. team called me, I probably would have represented the Goldman or the Brown family. Lawyers defend people who need a defense.And I'm proud of the fact that I helped to expose some corruption among some police officers in the LAPD. I'm proud that I helped to disclose some of the divisiveness of the country on racial issues, and I also help to disclose the inadequacy of the prosecution. I was sitting right next to O.J. when he tried on that glove. People don't realize that under the law of California, Darden could have had him put on the glove outside the jury to see whether it fit first before making the fatal mistake, and then O.J. right in front of me walked up to the jury and said it's too small, it's too small.At that point I told him he didn't have to testify because he had already made his point and he wasn't subject to cross-examination.So the bottom line is the jury reached the right verdict. That doesn't mean that O.J. Simpson didn't do it. The jury's job is to determine based on admissible, fair, correct evidence whether a reasonable doubt existed. There was a mountain of evidence against him, but there was one little hill on the mountain that was planted by the government and that little hill on the mountain destroyed the government's case.And so, the blame for this doesn't lie in the defense attorneys. We did our job. It lies with the LAPD, with Darden and with Clark and with the entire prosecutorial team. They picked Darden and Clark, knowing they weren't the most qualified. They picked them for racial and gender reasons.They would never pick somebody for racial and gender reasons to fly an airplane or to be a surgeon, but they did it in this case and it backfired. They could have had much, much better lawyers but they decided they were going to make a racial point or a gender point.And in the end, we did our job. I'm so sympathetic with the Goldmans and the Brown family. I wish I could have been on their side, but I wasn't. And in the end, I think history will remember O.J. Simpson as somebody who possibly did it, but who the police tried to frame a guilty person is something that people don't often understand. But that happens.HANNITY: All right. Professor, thank you.Leo, I don't think I'm ever getting my answer. I'm never going to get my answer. Leo, one maybe -- I'll need Leo 5.0, maybe I'll get my answer.TERRELL: I'm going to -- I'm going to Florida, have dinner with you and we'll discuss it in private.HANNITY: Deal.All right. We appreciate both of you.When we come back, many Americans struggling to get by. Joe Biden now he's trying to sell the lie that his economy is working, Bidenomics, and then blaming Trump for inflation. We'll get reaction,Kellyanne Conway and Charlie Hurt, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: The Biden administration, they just simply don't get it. Now, while they try to sell the lie that the economy is booming and Bidenomics and Bidenomics and Bidenomics -- well, millions of you are struggling just to get by, and the latest disastrous inflation number released yesterday -- let's see, year to year, up 3.5 percent, it's not going to make anything easier.But, of course, according to Biden, this is all Donald Trump's fault. You see, if the dog bites, if the bee stings, if you're feeling sad, blame Trump.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: But look, we have dramatically reduced inflation from 9 percent down to close to 3 percent. We're in a situation where we're better situated than we were when we took office, where we inflation was skyrocketing.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Okay, it's not the only time he blames Trump. Whatever happened to the buck stops here? Take a look.(BEGIN VDIEO CLIP)REPORTER: Do you take any blame for inflation as the president?BIDEN: I'm taking blame for inflation? No.REPORTER: Why not?BIDEN: Because it was already there when I got here, man. Remember what the economy was like when I got here? Jobs were hemorrhaging, inflation was rising, we weren't manufacturing a damn thing here. We were in real economic difficulty. That's why I don't.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Biden's cognitive decline is clearly working overtime because he inherited an inflation rate of 1.4 percent but he still blames Trump?Now, just like he and his administration, they blame Trump -- this is pretty humorous -- for the border crisis, for COVID deaths, for mass shootings, the Arizona abortion law, the East Palestine train derailment, botched Afghanistan withdrawal, unfreezing $6 billion in Iranian assets, COVID school closures, having to raise the debt limit, division between Republicans and Democrats, threats to democracy and pretty much anything else you can think of. They have blamed Donald Trump.Even Democratic economist Larry Summers who worked for Obama and warned about Biden inflation back in 2021 -- well, he's now sounding the alarm about a potential market crash. Well, we are kind of due for a correction, aren't we?Take a look.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)LARRY SUMMERS, ECONOMIST: And anything could happen. Markets could crash. The indicators could turn down, but on current facts, a rate cut in June it seems to me would be a dangerous and egregious error comparable to the errors the Fed was making in the summer of 2021 when it just didn't get the thread on inflation.(END AUDIO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. To make things worse, the cost of home ownership now, they're skyrocketing, making it nearly impossible for many to purchase a home. And according to a new Fed study, credit card delinquency rates, they are the worst on record.Here with reaction, FOX News contributors Kellyanne Conway and Charlie Hurt.Kellyanne, you know, at what point -- you know, it's laughable if you're going to blame Trump for the border. It's laughable if you inherit an inflation rate of 1.4 percent, you say that it's transitory. You say that the border is closed and the border secure.And now, it's -- now it's Trump's fault because that lie didn't work. And yet the media mob, they go along with it. But you really can't argue that it's policies have failed at this point because they can't run on those policies and prominent Democrats like David Axelrod and James Carville and Van Jones and Maureen Dowd and Donna Brazile, you know, and Lawrence Summers and others, they're saying stop. But he continues to push the lie.Will it resonate?KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, it won't work because if you look at everybody's polling, including the mainstream media, some of whom still do his bidding, Sean, all the polls say the same thing that Joe Biden is mishandling the economy. They actually blame him for a poor economy. They don't think that Bidenomics has helped them personally.And I think the growing trend of particularly Hispanic Americans and African-Americans trending away from Joe Biden and Bidenomics and toward Donald Trump and America first economics really tells the tale.Look at the data among young people particularly. If young people aren't going away from Biden because he's 81 years old, is because they're worried they'll be 81 years old before they can get out a credit card debt and afford their first home. And now, you see these articles, insurance, utilities, repairs, maintenance even if you're fortunate enough to go ahead and own your own home, there will all these hidden costs.If you're a young single person or even a couple trying to get on with the natural accoutrements of an adult life, Bidenomics has gotten in your way at every turn. I think this -- this election will come down to cost of living and quality of life issues. And it's costing him in the polls.Look, Larry Summers said something very important. He said, if you look at something called super core inflation, if you remove transitory costs, and home ownership out of the equation, he thinks inflation is closer to 6 percent. Everyone who goes to the grocery store and the gas station gets sticker shock, but it's far beyond that now. People can't afford rent, mortgage, utilities, insurance. Saving for a rainy day, enjoying a sunny day.Let me add one last Democrat to your list of many Democrats who are criticizing Biden and Bidenomics. Ron Klain, his first and longest serving chief of staff -- yes, he was caught, it was a leak tape, but he said what a ridiculous strategy they have for 2024 by not tackling inflation. It all matters what people believe and what they believe right now is that they were better off with Donald Trump as president then under Joe Biden as president.When you ask that question, the data aren't even close.HANNITY: And they're left with this, Charlie, smear, slander, besmirch, character assassination and lawfare or weaponizing the Justice Department. That's it. That's what they've got. That's all they'll have for the next 207 days.Your reaction?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, They're left with that because they don't have anything else to run on. Joe Biden is a liar. He's been caught trying to cook the book numerous times, trying to make the economy - - the Bureau of Labor Statistics numbers that come out -- trying to boost the economy, when -- and then they got caught lying about it.But, of course, as Kellyanne points out, people feel it. They see it in their -- in their grocery bills. They see it in their gas bill. They know that he's lying about this stuff.And I think it's kind of interesting that, you know, at a time when the media is desperately trying to restore their credibility and they claim that they don't -- they're not going to let people lie and spread disinformation, but when Joe Biden says inflation was rising when he became -- when he came into the White House, that's total B.S. That's a complete lie. There are no statistic, that defies all statistics, defies all facts, and they let him say it and that's going to be his campaign, because he can't -- he has nothing else to offer.And so, they're going to -- their entire campaign is going to be based on fear and lies.HANNITY: And lawfare and a weaponized DOJ.All right. Thank you both.When we come back, thanks to Biden's open borders and failed foreign policy, the FBI, they are now warning for the third time of potential threats to this country. We'll explain.Also a shootout with Chicago police caught on tape., We've got the full video straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: FBI Director Christopher Wray, he was back on Capitol Hill today for another hearing and he gave perhaps his most serious and dire warning yet about the very significant threats that our country is currently facing. Listen closely.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRIS WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: We've seen a rogues gallery of foreign terrorist organizations call for attacks against Americans and our allies. And given those calls for action, our most immediate concern has been that individuals or small groups will draw some kind of twisted inspiration from the events in the Middle East to carry out attacks here at home. But now, increasingly concerned earning is the potential for a coordinated attack here in the homeland akin to the ISIS-K attack we saw at the Russia concert hall just a couple weeks ago.You've got Hezbollah expressing support and praise for Hamas and threatening to attack U.S. interests in the region. You've got al-Qaeda issuing its most specific call for an attack against us, against the U.S. in the last five years. You've got AQAP, al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula calling for jihadists to attack Americans and Jewish communities in the U.S. You got ISIS urging its followers repeatedly to attack Jewish communities in the U.S.And the irony is that as anybody who has studied terrorism knows, these are terrorist organizations that don't typically see eye to eye but they seem to be united in one thing which is calling for attacks on us.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with reaction, former Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovich and the host of the "Tudor Dixon" podcast, Tudor Dixon.All right. This is the third time, Tudor, that the FBI director has made these dire threats, here's -- here's what pisses me off about him is that okay, I'm taking him at his word, I believe him, I think those threats are real. But he sits by and he's not lifted a finger to stop this president in -- from allowing over, you know, tens and tens of thousands of illegal immigrants, and to the tune of 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegals, tens of thousands coming from China and Russia, Iran, Syria, Egypt, Afghanistan -- he hasn't lifted a finger to insist that Joe Biden not only enforce the laws of our country but stop aiding and abetting in the law breaking by allowing them in unvetted.Now, to me, he can't have it both ways. He can't warn us about the threat but then not ensure that the laws of this country are being enforced. He would be the top law enforcement agency that would enforce that.TUDOR DIXON, PODCAST HOST: Right, it's like he's sitting there tattling but he's not willing to do anything. It's very frustrating. As you see, these numbers -- I mean, what he's talking about these terror organizations, let's not forget that right now, we are seeing the fastest growing group coming across the border are Chinese migrants, and we know that Iran and China are working together, that Iran and Russia are working together.All of these -- these -- this axis of evil is working together right now, and they are well aware that we have an open border. I mean, some of the things that he said right there, they're listening to this on FBI chatter. You don't even have to be listening to this through intelligence groups. You can go to X, you can look at the dictator of Iran right now and he's on X, and he's putting these threats out there.I mean, this is how blatant it is. We as the American people can read these on a daily basis and yet the president of the United States has not taken action. But he's almost been shamed into it because he has this Univision interview where he indicates he's going to do some sort of executive order come April.I mean, this guy, whatever the wind blows politically that day, he's going to do because he's so desperate to hold on to power. But he hasn't done anything to actually secure the country or get the economy back on track. The guy is a total disaster and Christopher Wray should be holding him accountable.HANNITY: Attorney General Brnovich, let me ask you. Doesn't the FBI director, if he sees the laws in this country not being enforced, the laws about illegal immigration, seeing where people are coming from unvetted into the country, making a dire warning like that, doesn't he have an obligation to enforce the law and that means tell Joe Biden to start enforcing the law and insist upon it?MARK BRNOVICH (R), FORMER ARIZONA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Absolutely. This border crisis could be solved tomorrow if Joe Biden just started enforcing existing law. What's so disappointing I think to so many Americans is the fact that Joe Biden's lack of concern about the safety of Americans and the security of our southern border literally knows no boundaries, literally, figuratively and literally. And one of the things I think the next president of the United States should do is there's a -- there's a federal statute, 8 USC 1324 that was just upheld last year by the United States Supreme Court, Sean, that says anybody that's aiding and abetting in facilitating illegal immigration is guilty of a federal offense.So why is it that you have these sanctuary cities -- why is it that you have these governors and mayors that are providing aid and comfort, creating financial incentives, giving people free hotels, free airfare, giving them visa gift cards? I mean, my goodness, I mean, the cartels are making billions of dollars off of people illegally entering our country and now they're getting thousands of Hilton Hotel points by -- because we're putting up illegal -- people illegally into this country into hotels.And what keeps me up at night as a former federal and state prosecutor is not just the millions of people that have illegally entered our country, it's the millions of gotaways, the tens of thousands of people, predominantly young males 18 to 35 years old wearing black and camouflage.Anybody that can enter this country right now illegally under Joe Biden's policies. They just come in and you know, they give up, they carry their backpacks and they carry on luggage. But you have these gotaways, these people that are sneaking into our country.So literally there is a ticking time bomb now in every city in the United States is a result, of you, know criminals and gangs from Central America and South America and jihadists from the Middle East that have come into this country that literally are destroying our neighborhoods.HANNITY: It's not a matter of if, it's when.All right. Mr. Attorney General, thank you. Tudor Dixon, thank you.When we come back, tensions are very high tonight in Chicago after a fatal shooting, a body cam footage has just been released. We're going to play it for you in full as we continue, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Big controversy in Chicago tonight over a fatal officer involved shooting. Now, last month, plainclothes police officers pulled over a man by the name of Dexter Reed for allegedly failing to wear a seat belt. Reed opened fire on the officers after refusing to comply with their orders, injuring one and the officers then fired back 96 times, resulting in Reed's death.The body cam footage from the incident was just released, note the police on the outside of the car and Reed is on the inside of the car. Take a look.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: Now, obviously, the video is chaotic. The Chicago Civilian Office of Police Accountability stated, quote, review of video footage and initial reports appears to confirm that Mr. Reed fired first, striking the officer and four officers then return fire. Available preliminary evidence also confirms that officers returned fire approximately 96 times over a period of 41 seconds. The officers involved, they have been placed on 30 days of administrative leave, as the investigation continues.But, of course, that is not stopped people that have political agendas and the media mob and the radical left from politicizing the incident, and inciting outrage in the community. Take a look at this headline from "The Washington Post", failing to mention key details of to the incident and highlighting Mr. Reed's race.Here now with reaction, former NYPD inspector and FOX News contributor Paul Mauro is with us. Also, Project 21 founder Horace Cooper.Okay. So the Civilian Office of Police Accountability, Paul, they have a preliminary report and that is that in fact it was the person in the car, driving the car that shot first. OK. He shoots the -- they at that point, police have every right, one officer was injured, police have every right at that point to defend themselves and protect themselves.However, 96 shots is an awful lot of shooting. How do you explain that high number even though this guy shot -- if you shoot at a cop, you're probably going to die. I mean, that kind of is like A squared, B squared, C squared. But why 96 shots?PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, Sean, it's hard for me to see in the video what's going on inside the car and beside the car. My understanding is there's other video that shows more of that. One of the things that does happen sometimes in these situations and they're very, very heated. And look, you have to predicate everything we say with the fact that this is a tragedy.But there's a phenomenon in police shootings called mass contagious shooting and what happens is officers hear the gunshots, they hear others firing, they don't know where those shots are coming from. They're very hyped up and there's also the ricochet effect. That was something that occurred in the Amadeo Diallo case, didn't make the media because it didn't fit the narrative.One of the things that happened in that case is the initial rounds that were fired were bouncing off the wall and were coming back at the cops and they were hearing those shots going past them. And so I'm not saying that it's what happened here, we have to deal with the facts, but that's one of the things that is on the table.HANNITY: Horace, let's get your take.HORACE COOPER, PROJECT 21 CHAIRMAN: Well, I'm going to put my cards on the table. I back the men in blue. I understand that there's an investigation that is underway but I also understand that we need people who are willing to put their lives on the line so that they can protect and prevent the law of the jungle.When our public schools fail us, when our moms and dads fail us, when social programs don't work, only the men in blue are left to step in and clean up the job.HANNITY: You know, I -- there are some things if a police officer pulls you over and says, put down your window, open the door, you know, when I get pulled -- if you listen, it goes the long way. In that sense, every human life matters and it's a tragedy, and you can't shoot at a cop either.More HANNITY next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. I'm unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us and making the show possible. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of HANNITY.In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by with a great show to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.