SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Episode three tomorrow night. That's all the time we have left. Let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: I know. I know. I know how you feel. Happy Tuesday, everyone. Once again, the White House has been caught editing the transcript of a Biden speech, changing, I was VP during the pandemic, to, I was VP during the recession. They've even cleaned up some of his videos, removing his mistakes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT, THE UNITED STATES: My name is Joe Biden.(BEEP)BIDEN: Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Edgy. Michael Cohen admitted he stole tens of thousands of dollars from Trump's business. His defenders say, however, that he's like Robin Hood, he stole from the rich and gave to the whore.Senator Patty Murray has introduced a bill to mandate auto safety testing with both male and female crash test dummies. You can tell the difference, because in the crashes, it's always the female dummy driving.DYE: It's true.GUTFELD: Can't argue with science. People say a Pennsylvania resident dug up a significant amount of cocaine while doing yard work. Authorities had no further details, but the guy got his lawn care done in one-eighth the time.On this day in 1932, Amelia Earhart flew her plane across the Atlantic Ocean. I'd tell you a joke about her, but it wouldn't land.DYE: Too soon?GUTFELD: Yeah.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: -- Gutfeld tonight.GUTFELD: Oh, it gets worse. A budget Chinese tech company is offering a four-foot-tall humanoid robot with the sale price of just 16 grand. That's half of what it costs to book an actual Dana Perino. What?Microsoft revealed the new AI bot that will screencap everything you do on your Windows computer. Great. So now we'll need two computers, one for pornography and one for even worse pornography.According to a new study, vivid nightmares may be an early indicator of disease. That may also be an indicator that you just saw Jesse Waters Primetime. Bad a New York man kept a 750-pound pet alligator in his house until government agents hauled it away. That means there's only one man left that's still living with a 750-pound reptile.You people are awful. So how did I do, announcer guy?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Great jokes. Greg. Now, hate me with a monologue.GUTFELD: I love him. So, today, the defense rested in the Trump hush money trial, meaning he won't take the stand, probably because he doesn't need to. Yesterday, Alvin Bragg's star witness, Michael Cohen, received a cohenoscopy [ph]. Trump's attorney stuck a scope of truth up Cohen's ass and exposed that giant polyp of lies.TYRUS: Oh, God.GUTFELD: Cohen is Bragg's key witness, the man he depends on even more than the tailor who has to let out his sweatpants. He's the only one who could tie Trump to any crime even though nobody there seems sure what that crime is. So Cohen fell apart like Britney Spears in an Iranian helicopter.It gets worse. All that's left is for the media to pretend none of it happened. Now, Trump could still be convicted. After all, this is Manhattan. We're shoving grandma in front of a train, gets a verbal warning. But double parking gets hit the chair. And these are 12 jurors from a pool that's been peed in, electing Bragg and voting for Biden by almost 85 percent last time. I mean, these are the dopes who gave his bail reform, Bill de Blasio and sucker punch a woman weak.So let's manage our expectations. But if there's any hope, there must be one juror that will hang this jury, so we can end this horrible thing and get on with this summer. Let New Yorkers put on their short shorts and halter tops, ladies too. And at this point, even if you ever convict Trump of anything, it's not going to matter. Like Jesse's first two pay he put on Craigslist, nobody is buying it. And you can thank Cohen and Bragg for that. Because of them, Americans trust the system as much as the expiration date on a dollar store condom.Now, nobody was more disappointed watching the Bragg case fall apart than our media. You think they'd be used to this by now? This was supposed to be an epic takedown of Trump's starring killer witness who had all the dirt. Sadly, they'd been promised George Clooney, but instead got George Costanza.The big moment, Cohen admitted he stole $30,000 from Trump's organization. Cohen explained how he built the Trump company for 50 grand owed to a vendor but only paid them 20 and pocketed the rest. This guy is so low, wail (BEEP) on him. But finally, we found an actual crime, an actual crime in this mess, and the media is shocked that Cohen was the one who committed it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, ANCHOR, CNN: I'm still kind of reeling from the revelation that Michael Cohen stole money from the Trump organization. That was just kind of stunning.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This has given such ammunition as to possibly fatally undermine the prosecution's case.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There is an argument to be made that actually you're just an opportunistic thief, I think, has moved Michael Cohen from this figure where he's part Tom Hagen from The Godfather, but really more like Fredo Corleone, to now this guy is just a thief.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Stealing $60,000 through fraud, which would be larceny in New York State is more serious of a crime than falsifying business.(END VIDEO CLIP) GUTFELD: So the guy who supposedly was deep in cahoots with Trump on a master plan to defraud the electorate was actually stealing from Trump. Come on, if you can't trust a convicted perjurer, who can you trust?The prosecution didn't seem to know it was coming. Meaning, Cohen lied to them too. You think it would have covered this in witness prep? I mean, if you're gonna put Jeffrey Dahmer on the stand, you tell him, please don't bring up your favorite recipes. Now we're watching the lemmings work through the five stages of grief. Lawrence O'Donnell is in the denial stage.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, ANCHOR, MSNBC: He asked about the $50,000. That's irrelevant to the $130,000. And that's where he very effectively got Michael Cohen to say -- to agree that yes, he stole $30,000. Later, when Cohen was asked about that on redirect by the prosecution, it didn't really sound like stealing $30,000. It sounded a lot like Michael Cohen doing the little that he could within that calculation to rebalance the bonus he thought he deserved and it still came out as less than the bonus he thought he deserved and the bonus he got the before.(END VIDEO CLIP) GUTFELD: You know, I've been in the media forever, but I can honestly say that's the stupidest thing ever broadcast, and I watch The View. See, Cohen didn't steal the money. He just rebalanced it. Rebalanced it. That's like something you do on an airplane with Lizzo. Rebalancing, isn't that how they defend looting and reparations? Rebalancing is a new word for the word theft. After the show, I think I'll rebalance some of Judge Jeanine's Activia. That's yogurt.Now the bad news is that the left's law fair isn't restricted to Trump. According to a website called The 65 Project, some 400 Republican lawyers and politicians have been targeted with criminal and civil litigation as well as disbarment proceedings. This, as we head into the 2024 election. There's a whole new round going on in Arizona as another election interference case is underway to attack and bankrupt Republicans. Of course, Arizona is a swing state, and Trump is up in the polls. Must be a coincidence, right?In fact, Trump is pretty much up in all the swing states. So what point is the left gonna realize lawfare is working about as well as their Afghan pullout or Hunter's pullout with that stripper. They might want to remember that if Trump does win, it'll be the Orange Meanie who controls DOJ. And like the old saying, paybacks a Clinton. Then -- then there's the Trump trial judge, Juan Merchan, who's been treating Team Trump like P. Diddy treats house guests.When Trump's team's surprise witness Robert Costello delivered testimony that destroyed Cohen even more, the judge actually accused him of staring him down, something I've been accused of many times here in the men's room. I told Lou Dobbs I thought I saw a nickel in his urinal. Anyway, the judge then berated Trump's lawyers and threatened to have Costello's testimony stricken from the record.This is the judge that allowed testimony about Trump's choice in underwear and let Stormy spread lies like they were her ankles. Enough already. Merchan, do your job and strike this entire affair, and let America go back to being the country where Banana Republic only refers to the place where I shop in the boy's department.Let's welcome tonight's guests. He looks like that tennis pro hiding in your wife's closet, Comedian Jeff Dye. She protects women from dudes that are women, author of Swimming Against The Current, Riley Gaines. She turns more heads than a chiropractor for owls. Here is Times Bestselling Author and Fox News Contributor, Kat Timpf. For him, half-sitting is using a house [ph] as a chair.TYRUS: Why do I come?GUTFELD: Here is our Times Bestselling Author, comedian and a former NBA (inaudible).Jeff, so much is funny about this Cohen stuff, the rebalancing. But the media still has to take it seriously, which is great.JEFF DYE, COMEDIAN: It feels good. Yeah, it's fun to watch the zoo and the -- and the circus on television. I don't understand most of it. But it's funny, the staring games and all that stuff. I also liked the way they play with words. I was talking about on this show. They'll always reuse what -- I was rebalancing. I stole like $100 from Starbucks when I worked there back in the day, and they treated it like a really, really big deal. So, for them to be like, Oh, what's the big deal? He just stole a little money. That's what I said to Starbucks. And it didn't work.GUTFELD: Do you really steal at Starbucks when --DYE: Yeah.GUTFELD: -- when you worked there?DYE: Yeah. What I would do is, they would -- they would bring there like a -- buy a latte for like $4 or something. And then they just leave a five and walk away. And I was like, I bet I could figure this math. I'll just delete the whole thing. Keep the fun.GUTFELD: Did you regret that?DYE: I did. Yeah, I was -- but I was a punk teenage kid, not some creep in office.GUTFELD: Yeah, you're absolutely right. You really grown since then.DYE: Yeah, I'm a man.GUTFELD: Yeah, you're at standup comedian --DYE: Grown up.GUTFELD: -- barely making it.DYE: I make hundreds of dollars.GUTFELD: Riley, do you notice how the media is -- like, the media is actually excusing their abysmal behavior because apparently Trump is worse.RILEY GAINES, AUTHOR: Yeah. I mean, this whole Biden thing that's going on here. Everyone is on their side, the judge, the media, their star witness, even who makes Pinocchio look like Jerry Falwell. It's insane. It is what it is. And I hope the New York City voters see this for what it is, which is political persecution.They're not -- I mean, their taxpayer dollars are being used to put away -- or to try to put away Donald Trump, but real criminals are on the street walking around New York today. I was telling Kat this before. I saw a woman lying on the ground, fully exposed.GUTFELD: Right.GAINES: An officer standing right there. I look at the officer. Are you gonna help her?GUTFELD: Mm-hmm.GAINES: No, she's a regular.GUTFELD: Wow.GAINES: Nothing.GUTFELD: Yep, it's funny because, you know, normally Whoopi Goldberg tans in the park.DYE: Tans?GUTFELD: I don't even know why is it tans.TYRUS: You just say evil little man.GAINES: I'm an evil little man.GUTFELD: I know. I'm an evil little man. Kat, there's so many fun -- you don't have to comment on this, but it just occurred to me that they're sending the jury home for like seven days or -- like, and don't talk about the case. So they're leaving this cesspool of New York to go into courtroom, then they're coming out back into the same place that creates their own bias. It's crazy. How do we rebalance that?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, I can't get -- I really can't get over the rebalancing or the fact that Michael Cohen said it was -- was instilling, it was kind of like self-help.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: That is a -- yeah, you're helping yourself with someone else's money, I guess.GUTFELD: Yeah, yeah, yeah.TIMPF: But, I mean, for Jake Tapper to at least say, oh, I was stunned by this or shocked by this, or at least say, at least he acknowledged that it was stealing.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: You know, Lawrence O'Donnell's been -- was one -- I agree with you, one of the craziest things that I've ever heard. I mean, you can't -- if you feel like your bonus wasn't fair, you either renegotiate or you quit your job. You're not then welcome to then steal from the company. Everybody knows that.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: But why would you pretend like you don't? I mean, that -- nobody can listen to something you say if you're gonna say that. That's ridiculous.GUTFELD: I did steal a lot during the pandemic at Fox from the snack tray. Remember the free snacks they would give us --TIMPF: But you ate them all. So it's not stealing.TYRUS: Yeah, it's not stealing.DYE: It was a free snack.GUTFELD: No, I took -- I took them home and then I resold them.TYRUS: OK.TIMPF: You -- all right.TYRUS: Let's not do that, Greg.GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: You told everyone has to get new basketball uniforms for your --GUTFELD: That always works on --DYE: -- on the Madison Square Garden.GUTFELD: Yeah, I did it in the subway.TYRUS: Why then (inaudible) get the uniform?GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. The tourists fall for it every time. You know, Tyrus, I don't care, call me conspiratorialist. Is that a word?TYRUS: Sure.GUTFELD: Anyway, why should we trust the election system if they're rigging the justice system right in front of us?TYRUS: I think since we made the reference was to The Godfather earlier, I think we are seeing the Godfather. It was Godfather 2. And Michael Cohen's done something he's not done in 10, 15 years. He told the truth. And he completely (BEEP) prosecution.GUTFELD: Right.TYRUS: So there's that great scene in Godfather 2 where the dude commences in the witness protection program, and they just walk up to him and say, you know, your family's gonna be good, your reputation will be good, and you know, you just have to do the right thing. And he slit his wrists in the bathtub and did the right thing.But he went in front of the jury, and he told that he -- well, he lied on the movie, but Cohen told the truth, which (BEEP) the entire prosecutors because they expected him to say whatever he needed to say to get Donald to go away. Instead, maybe you had a moment of clarity, maybe you had a moment where he was like -- because he didn't need to say that he stole that. He had gotten away with it.GUTFELD: Right.TYRUS: They were perfectly willing to bury it. But he was willing to say that. So I'm not giving him credit. I'm just saying that maybe in that moment on that stand, maybe he decided to do the right thing.GUTFELD: Hmm, interesting twist to this discussion. We have more to come. I think, I hope, up next, Jemele Hill's dumb remark about Caitlin Clark.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Did her rise to fame have nothing to do with her game? It can't be Caitlin's drive and skill, says race hustler Jemele Hill. I speak of women's basketball phenom Caitlin Clark, who this spring set the all-time NC --TYRUS: A.GUTFELD: -- AA record for scoring. Hold your applause.TYRUS: -- NCAA.GUTFELD: Yes. For scoring, it was the number-one pick of the WNBA draft. She's also my number-one pick for getting things off the shelf.DYE: She's not that tall.GUTFELD: Also her final college game through 24 million viewers, and she signed a $28 million endorsement deal with Nike. That's $1 per child working in their China factory. The $28 million, that's only 350 times her WNBA salary.But according to former ESPN host and notorious race baiter Jemele Hill, Clark's rise to fame is caught is because she's white and straight, telling the New York Times, LA Times that Clark, quote, We would all be very naive if we didn't say race and her sexuality played a role in her popularity. There is a part of it that is a little problematic because of what it says about the worth and marketability of the players who are already there. It's just the fact that in our society, black women are often erased from the picture.Right. I guess now that she's out of work, Jemele must have had her cable cut off due to non-payment. Otherwise, she would have heard about Brittney Griner, you know, the black lesbian hoopster who wasn't erased at all, just bailed out by our government because she packed her bong for a trip to Russia. But true, it's time America addresses the lack of black professional basketball players and too few lesbians in sports, right after we get more whites into hockey and more Chinese playing ping pong.Riley, what Jemele is saying is that it's not -- it's not really about her talent, it's that she's white and straight, but more because she -- it seemed like they -- she was saying it's because she's straight.GAINES: I know. She said Caitlin Clark is problematic in this scenario, which doesn't make sense to me. This is someone who has brought viewership to the WNBA to college basketball. She's set record, sold out arenas. How in the world is she problematic? And yes, to your point, Jemele Hill, she called Trump a white supremacist. This is a woman who, when working at ESPN, she called for a boycott of the Dallas Cowboys because the owner said he wouldn't stand for his players not standing for the flag. It's insane really to have a woman of her caliber, with her influence to race bait in the way that she does.GUTFELD: I don't think she has any caliber.GAINES: I'd agree with that.GUTFELD: No, I think she's kind of like -- you know, if it wasn't for race hustling, there's nothing. I think that this is like acts of desperation. She ends up on the number-one late night show in America because she spouts this stuff. And I'm grateful for it, Kat.TIMPF: I'm gonna start using that as an insult. You got no caliber.GUTFELD: You are not high caliber. You are no caliber. You --TYRUS: Caliber deficient (BEEP).TIMPF: There you go.DYE: Use a blank.GUTFELD: Yeah, you're a blank --DYE: You got no caliber.TYRUS: Yeah.GAINES: Yeah.GUTFELD: You are -- everybody knows you're a huge WNBA fan. You actually demanded that we do this story. So, how are the other players reacting to this? What's -- what are they saying on the street as the kids like --?TIMPF: I love reading this article -- my favorite part was when she said, sure, she is the leading scorer in women's college basketball history, as if that's just something to write off.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: And that's something that kind of explains it. I heard about Caitlin Clark before I had any idea what she looked like. The point of this article was I guess that if you know her and you don't know the previous person who held the record, then it's because you're racist. For me, I would say it's more likely because that happened before I was born. So I didn't have an opportunity to hear about it.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: But yeah, I just to gloss over, yeah, sure, she's the -- you know, the highest scorer in history.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: But that's -- that can't be it.GUTFELD: No. Because she's white and straight.Tyrus, if only she would identify as black and gay. Larry Kudlow is doing that.TYRUS: Well, he's not doing it alone. Brothers do.GUTFELD: I don't know what that means, but it was funny.TYRUS: Listen. Listen. The WNBA has been a subsidised league, which means it's no -- it's not made money. And when their top stars have gotten to shine like Candace Parker or -- it's been because of the NBA. And here comes along. And right now, it's all about the J -- it's about the three- point shot. It's the same thing. Steph Curry gets all. Everyone loves Steph Curry because he got a beautiful shot. And that's the way the game is, is about making long shots and points. That's what the kids love.Here is a young lady who has done that at a higher level, almost to the point where she has a better feel-good percentage than most men in college and sports and in the pros. So, here you get this gift, the WNBA. You get an iconic player coming that's bringing an audience with you that will spread to where everyone else gets and makes more money.And maybe instead of owing $80,000 each year a player to make up for the losses, you'll actually start getting ticket sales. She came in and she made this one statement. She got the entire league private jets now. So they don't have to fly commercial. So -- and what it is, is the pissing it off because it is a straight white woman.Newsflash, most of America is white and straight. So they're gonna bring their kids and their families to support. They're gonna buy tickets, and they're -- and you want her mad because it's not a black woman that's getting all this thing. Caitlyn gets this thing not because she's cute, not because she wears -- shows her but on IG, because she plays this game at a beautiful high level.And it's -- and if I -- like I said, I watched the tournament. And watching her, I found three other new favorite players, like, well, LSU's ballclub is awesome. The young kid in -- the young lady in USC has got a great shot. It's a -- Jordan did the same thing and everyone was around, they hate him because he couldn't shoot. Larry Bird, same thing. So it's just goes back to this thing where they have a beautiful thing, but because it's not a DI and it's not them --GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: -- they want to trash it. So they don't care about success of the league. They just -- and again, this -- unfortunately for black people right now in entertainment, this is a common thing when we don't have anything left to say, oh, everything's racist. Everything is racist. Even they argue with Marjorie Taylor the other day. She was like -- her talking about eyelashes was racist because they don't have an argument anymore.GUTFELD: You know, Jeff, it is true. Every time the race card is introduced, it -- you can't have any fun.DYE: Yeah.GUTFELD: Like, this is a beautiful moment. No, it's racist.DYE: Jemele Hill sucks.GUTFELD: It's a strong comment, Jeff.DYE: She sucks. She's -- like you said, she's race hustling. She capitalizes on all these things. Her podcast is called Jemele Hill is Unbothered. Yet she seems to be very bothered.GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: Everything is like, yo, black folks are like this. She's the racist. She --GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: She has all these stereotypes in every sentence she says. Also she says, the fact that Caitlin Clark is white and straight is the reason people are, you know, we should acknowledge that maybe that's why I'm not so comfortable with liking her because she's white. Well, what's the problem with that?GUTFELD: Yeah.DYE: I thought that was called representation. I thought it was OK. What -- is it a problem to like someone because they kind of look like you or that -- isn't that the whole point of representation? I was told by CNN, it's racist to like Tiger -- or to even point out that Tiger Woods is a black player in a white league, and that's why he's getting so much attention.I was told it was racist to accuse anyone for voting for Barack Obama because of their race. That is racism. It's just blatant racism to go, well, you only like because you're straight and white. And I like it because she's good at basketball. It helps that she's straight and white. Well, I don't see a problem with it.GUTFELD: All right. Good for you.DYE: Yeah. Wait a minute. That's (inaudible) guy from there.TYRUS: No, I don't mind telling you. I'm a big fan of straight white women.DYE: My numbers got a lot.TYRUS: Yeah, yeah, yeah.GUTFELD: Up next, more stuff.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: When CNN quizzed a rapper the whole thing went into the crapper. So as the network's rating sink, some guy named Cam'ron tries to sell a drink.Today's Video of the Day comes to us from the cable news nightmare known as CNN where anchor Abby Phillip was interviewing Cam'ron about the allegations surrounding P. Diddy. That's when Cam decided to chug a sex supplement and question what the hell he was even doing there. A common reaction from CNN guests. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ABBY PHILLIP, CNN ANCHOR: Can you tell us a little bit more about that? Is there something known in the industry about how Diddy treated his artists?CAM'RON, RAPPER: Sorry, I'm going to get some cheeks after this horsepower drink.(END VIDEO CLIP)DYE: It's inappropriate.GUTFELD: Get some cheeks.DYE: It's inappropriate.GUTFELD: I think I speak for millions of old white guys when I say, what are cheeks?(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I will tell you after the show. I'll draw you a map.GUTFELD: Let's have some more.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ABBY PHILLIP, CNN ANCHOR, INSIDE POLITICS SUNDAY: What about the industry in general? So many people have pointed out that Diddy couldn't get away with this stuff if there weren't a lot of people protecting him. Do you think that's that the case?CAM'RON, RAPPER: Who's the talent agent for this drink? Do you think I be sitting around watching what Diddy doing in all this? I didn't know this was a Diddy joint you all invited me to. Who booked me for this joint? I don't be sitting around be watching Diddy and all that.PHILLIP: Cam'ron, thanks for joining us. Thank you for your time.CAM'RON: Yes, yes, thank you for having me.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I love him.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I love that he thinks CNN has a talent agent.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That network could put a coke to sleep. But why did he think he was asked to be on CNN in the first place, for his views on Benjamin Netanyahu, his analysis of the national debt? Sorry, when they want that kind of insight, they always go to Flavor Flav.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, Tyrus --TYRUS: I knew it. I knew it. Oh, man.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: I will never be as cool as that person, as much as I try. Please tell me what cheeks are.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Well, if you put them together, they clap.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: They help you run fast.GUTFELD: OK.DYE: Like cakes.TYRUS: That's Greg. He's going to get some ass.GUTFELD: He was going to get some cheeks later.TYRUS: He was going to go procreate. Apparently, he came on the news to come out and let everybody know he's a breeder.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: He's so brave. Thank you.DYE: So brave.GUTFELD: It's a shame Don Lemon wasn't still at CNN.TYRUS: He does other things. Different league. No problems on either one.But this for me, this is the ugliness of the elites, when it's one of their own, they want to have a fact-finding team. And they're trying to find black men to come forward as try to support Diddy. There is no support. No one gave a damn about his apology. It was -- He did it 10 years ago and you are apologizing now? You're talking about now you were on a tough time? You were spending all of Biggie's money. What are you talking about? These individuals, they get caught.The question we should be asking is why did it take so long? Because it's not like that film sits in that hotel forever. Somebody had it. That's the thing with the elites. They all like to play these games. And some of the things he's being accused of is disgusting. You see a video like that, and then you bring somebody on, just another black guy who raps. Diddy never rapped. So they just brought a black guy on there, and he had fun with it. And good for him because he outsmarted them and he played with them and he made a fool out of them because they were trying to make a fool out of them.GUTFELD: And he used them to sell a sex product.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: He made a great comment. He said, you don't need to bring me on here to ask me if I was offended, I was disgusted. Nobody is going to be like, oh, that video, you have to understand how he was feeling that woman. No one gives a damn. He beat a woman, he got away with it, and now he's caught, and he's basically saying, I'm sorry to us because he got caught.GUTFELD: Kat, let's go back to Cam'ron and how awesome is that individual, and Abby Phillip. To be fair, her stoic face something that every husband understands when they come home drunk.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: So Cam'ron himself said in one of my favorite songs, I'm a changed man, look at the range, man. I've got a whole new game plan. And he was right about that. Look at this. He was able to go from rapping to perhaps being the reason for the best segment that has ever aired in CNN history.GUTFELD: Yes.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I watched this 14 times today. It's one of the most entertaining things. And you know, he's almost 50 years old. He looks amazing.GUTFELD: Yes, and also --TYRUS: We don't crack. We do look good.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Also, it's like no matter what a white person does, they can't be as relaxed and as just cool as of that. It's basically -- what?DYE: Says you, dude.(LAUGHTER)DYE: I'm about to get some cheeks after this.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: I'm going to have to send you to H.R. You don't work here.DYE: I'm just trying to be like Cam'ron or whatever.GUTFELD: How did you feel about that appearance?DYE: I liked it, but I think it's CNN being racist. Like, he's a black rapper. Let's ask him about the current event with P. Diddy. Then this guy is like I don't know what's going on here. I mean, you shouldn't be surprised that he's wearing sunglasses and a bucket hat and taking a shot of a sex energy drink, making inappropriate statements, when you brought him on for this kind of clownery. It's crazy to just ask him that. That would be like, well, Jeff, you are a white comedian. You did a show 17 years ago with Louis CK. What's your statement on -- what are you doing.GUTFELD: Exactly.DYE: CNN sucks.GUTFELD: Yes. What do you make of it? Did you find Abby Phillip handling appropriately?GAINES: They set themselves up for that. I just want to know how much Pink Horsepower sold. That's what I want to know.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Pink Horsepower.GAINES: That's the best thing he could have done.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly, exactly. I'm curious about Pink Horsepower.DYE: Yes. I heard it helps with COVID.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's ivermectin. You're confused.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: There is a horse joke in there.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But you know what, this is a family show.TIMPF: Whose family?GUTFELD: The Manson family.DYE: Says you, dude.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: -- just walking across the carpet.GUTFELD: All right, coming up, this story is a doozy if you are triggered by a movie.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: "Goodfellas" gets a trigger warning. Kat, AMC Network added a warning before and airing of "Goodfellas" which says, "The film includes language and/or cultural stereotypes" -- wow -- "that are inconsistent with today's standards of inclusion and tolerance and may offend some viewers." Nothing about the fact that 100 people get sliced and diced.TIMPF: Wait, I'm confused. I thought this was a movie about a grandma who paints dogs.GUTFELD: "Goodfellas"?TIMPF: I've only even seen one scene. I think we have it.TYRUS: That was his mom that painted it.TIMPF: One scene.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Look at this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's beautiful.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I like this one. One does goes one way and the other does goes the other. And this guy is saying, what do you want from me?(END VIDEO CLIP)TIMPF: Yes. It's a nice, wholesome dog painting movie.GUTFELD: That is -- while they are doing that there is a man barely alive in the trunk of the car who has been stabbed.TYRUS: And shot.TIMPF: That can't be true.GUTFELD: It's the truth. Think about what you can do to all movies now, because every movie has stereotypes.DYE: Right. That's how you make a character?GUTFELD: Yes. What are you going to do, I'm trying to think of Irish movies. Are there Irish movies?DYE: Yes, there's plenty.GUTFELD: OK, name five.TYRUS: "The Quiet Man."GUTFELD: Yes, "The Quiet Man." Don't they punch each other?TYRUS: They are Irish, of course they do.GUTFELD: John Wayne, that's John Wayne.DYE: Who's potato is this? I'll find you gold. "Leprechaun" one, two, three, four, five, and six. Those are all Irish movies.(APPLAUSE)TIMPF: Who's potato is this?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's amazing. Think about it. I guess, Riley, have you seen "Goodfellas"?GAINES: I was born in 2000.DYE: That doesn't answer the question.GAINES: No, I haven't. No, I haven't.TIMPF: It's about a grandma who paints dogs.GAINES: That's what I thought.DYE: And it is diverse. The final heist scene has Italians, Irish, a black guy, and a Jewish guy. That's diverse.TIMPF: Inclusion.GUTFELD: There you go, there you go. It's like a Benetton ad with guns.DYE: It's diverse.TYRUS: Greg.GUTFELD: You know what --TYRUS: I'm glad they did this. But they didn't go far enough.GUTFELD: Really?TYRUS: Yes, I'm furious. As a guy who has seen "Goodfellas" 17,000 times, isn't funny that only person in the entire movie whose who is late all the time was Samuel L. Jackson.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's right.TYRUS: Right, he was the one who overstepped. The one black guy in the movie can't be on time for a robbery.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: So they didn't go far enough as far as I'm concerned.GUTFELD: Should they do a "Wizard of Oz" warning for the little people.GAINES: The Munchkins.GUTFELD: Yes, the Munchkins. I am offended by it.TYRUS: Not to mention there's like a witch culture going on there.GUTFELD: And the house lands on the witch.TYRUS: Killing people over shoes.GUTFELD: The house lands on the witch. By the way, think about --TYRUS: A which of color, mind you.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Think about this. Let's admit we have an older audience. "The Wizard of Oz" -- the house landing on her was a bit creepy, and the flying monkeys -- was that in there. Did they have flying monkets?TYRUS: Yes.GUTFELD: That was triggering. It was.DYE: And a stereotype of monkeys.GUTFELD: Yes.DYE: They don't even fly.GUTFELD: They don't fly.TYRUS: And I don't think they hate the scarecrow to that level.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: They disemboweled him.GUTFELD: By the way, "The Wizard of Oz" is a very scary film.All right, I'm going to move on. Kat has got a surprise, and you won't believe your eyes.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: "The New York Times" bestselling author has a lot more to offer. Let's go to Kat. Kat, do you have an announcement to make?TIMPF: Yes. I wrote another book.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: What inspired you to write this book, Kat?TIMPF: So one of the things I noticed when I was going around the country for my tour is that we have so much more in common than we think we do, and that the people in power want us to think that we do. I think for sure especially it's going to get worse going up to the election. People in power are going to be pushing to divide us for their own gain, and this book exposes a lot of the tricks that they use to do that. And it just makes the argument that a single difference of opinion or association or an assumption should not be enough to write off another person. And what we lose when we do in terms of not only relationships but also our freedoms.GUTFELD: Kat, I stopped listening to you when they put the cover up.TIMPF: OK.DYE: Put the cover up.GUTFELD: You crazy --DYE: It's so sexual.TIMPF: So it's not sexual. You see everything -- everything you see you think is sexual.GUTFELD: Tell us about it.TIMPF: What it is supposed to be and what it is, is a vulnerability in the face of even overwhelming hatred. I'm covered in hate mail there. And yes, I'm not wearing clothes. And yes, I tell a lot of very personal and at times outrageous stories in this book that I'm actually kind of scared for people to read but it's too late to take down now. But the stories and the cover the same thing, which is that if we want people to see each other as humans, we have to first show ourselves as humans.GUTFELD: We haven't said -- what's it called?TIMPF: "I Used to Like You Until".GUTFELD: All, so here's a quest. In your old book, in your first book, you had this incredibly shocking chapter regarding something -- and if you haven't read the book, I'm not going to tell you what was in chapter five. Just figure it out for yourself, but it's a very shocking thing. Do you have anything shocking in here, as shocking?TIMPF: Yes, I do. There are things that I thought that I was too afraid to put in the first book that I instead put in this book.GUTFELD: Is there anything in there regarding me?TIMPF: You are in there a little, yes. You are in there a little.GUTFELD: A little?TIMPF: Yes, but -- yes, yes. You are in there.TYRUS: How many pages does he cover?DYE: Yes.TIMPF: I know when you open a book, you do into the --TYRUS: He goes to check so see where his name is at.TIMPF: Yes, he goes to see where he is in the index. But a lot of the stories also make an interesting, fun read.TYRUS: Was it harder to write it the second time than the first time?TIMPF: It was easier. I think this book is actually way better than the first book way better. It's way better than the first book.DYE: And now we know what you do with your hate mail.TIMPF: Yes. No, that was not A.I. That was all real hate mail. I was in that position for like two-and-a-half hours. I needed help getting up because I went stiff.GUTFELD: You mean real hate mail as in you actually wrote all that stuff.DYE: I wrote the one in your right hand that just says "Die."TIMPF: "Die," yes. I get worse, and I think that we are so quick to hate each other when really we have so much more in common. And it's I used to like you until I lost all respect for you. We all heard that a million times for something so small. But we lose so much when we have that view, but the people in power actually gain a lot when we're divided, and they use that as a tool.GUTFELD: Where can people start preordering?TIMPF: Yes, TheRealKatTimpf.com has links. You can preorder it wherever books are sold, but go to all the links there because people sell fake things.GUTFELD: I know, I know.TIMPF: So TheRealKatTimpf.com, and preorder it because it's a wild ride and you don't want to miss it.GUTFELD: Again, I bought those pills that I thought were real.TIMPF: Yes.TYRUS: There's mine. You should be fired.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, congratulations, Kat. Uys, go and preorder right now in the commercial break.TIMPF: Yes.GUTFELD: We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Jeff Dye, Riley Gaines, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)