GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Tyrus, our studio audience!FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Kevin Corke is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, everybody. I'm Kevin Corke, in for Trace Gallagher. 8:00 p.m. Out West 11:00 here in the east and this is America's favorite late News, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.Breaking tonight, the government headed straight for yet another partial shutdown, just an hour from now, with senators failing to come to an agreement on a bill that, at least, so far has received just a bit of bipartisan support. Funding for nearly three quarters of the federal government is on the line. So, yes, time is of the essence.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram, live on the Hill with the late breaking details. Chad, 11:00. What do we know?CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, Kevin, good evening.The Senate is now on cruise control, barreling toward a partial government shutdown. That's because there's no agreement on considering GOP amendments that involves the Laken Riley Act and a plan to bar charter flights for illegal immigrants. But Democrats said no.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Some of those Dems want to be able to vote for those, because they know they need to get right. They're going to go face voters in the fall. But the Schumer doesn't want them to vote yes, because then it would pass and he doesn't want it to pass. So, you know, they're in a bit of a conundrum.PERGRAM (voice over): Those votes put Democrats facing tough reelection bids in a tough spot that includes Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Bob Casey of Pennsylvania.SEN. DEBBIE STABENOW (D-MI): This is all politics. This is all politics. Either fundraising politics, people want to do something and send out a fundraising e-mail or they want to put somebody else on the spot. It's all politics. It's just a -- it's a waste of time, it's a waste of money, and I think it's really irresponsible.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: So, Tom Cotton accused Montana Democrat John Tester of preferring a shutdown over taking a challenging vote.Tester told reporters that what Cotton said is quote, something which comes off the back of a cow.The Senate has the votes to pass the bill, but without an agreement must wait until Sunday to overcome a filibuster. The Senate would then align with the house Sunday night. Kevin?CORKE: Chad, because the house rushed that bill to the floor, as expected, there is been a bit of controversy, and I daresay consternation on behalf of some GOP lawmakers, including Marjorie Taylor Greene. She is now threatening, I guess, to remove the House Speaker. Is that so? And if that is the case, where do we go from here?PERGRAM: Well, Kevin, a lot of Republicans had consternation about rushing the spending bill to the floor it passed with way more Democrats than Republicans. So, Greene said, it's time for Johnson to join former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy on the sidelines.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): I filed the motion to vacate today. But it's more of a warning and a pink slip. I do not wish to inflict pain on our conference and to throw the -- throw the House in chaos. But this is basically a warning and it's time for us to go through, through the process, take our time, and find a new Speaker of the House that will stand with Republicans and our Republican majority, instead of standing with (INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: Now, Greene did not make the resolution live. So, no vote right away. But she can lure this threat over Johnson. However, the house could block Greene's move. Kevin?CORKE: Boy, another crazy night for Chad. Appreciate it, as always. We'll touch base with you as the news breaks and warrants.Meantime, to another one of our top stories. Britain's Princess Kate, undergoing what she calls preventative chemotherapy for cancer.Now, that revelation comes after weeks of speculation about her health and her whereabouts. Correspondent Jeff Paul, live for us this evening with that story. Jeff?JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Kevin.This all started when Kate, the Princess of Wales was hospitalized for an abdominal surgery back in January. She says the operation was a success, but soon after doctors realized her condition was far more serious.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATE MIDDLETON, PRINCESS OF WALES: Test after the operation found cancer had been present. My medical team therefore advised that I should undergo a course of preventative chemotherapy. And I'm now in the early stages of that treatment. This of course came as a huge shock. And William and I have been doing everything we can to process and manage this privately for the sake of our young family.PAUL (voice over): The princess discussing the situation in that video message that was recorded on Wednesday, but released on Friday. It came after months of speculation about her whereabouts and what was happening with her as she hadn't really been seen much since Christmas.Kate says she's well and getting stronger every day by focusing on the things that will help her heal.Through a statement released by Buckingham Palace, King Charles, says he is "So proud of Catherine for her courage in speaking as she did."Harry and his wife, Meghan, who have been estranged from Prince William and Kate since they moved to California also released a statement saying, we wish health and healing for Kate and the family, and hope they are able to do so privately in peace."Kate, who is widely one of the most popular royals, close her video address with this line.MIDDLETON: I'm also thinking of all those whose lives have been affected by cancer. For everyone facing this disease, in whatever form, please do not lose faith or hope. You are not alone.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: Kate's announcement comes after just last month, King Charles announced he too was being treated for unspecified cancer that was discovered during a procedure for a benign enlarged prostate. Kevin.CORKE: For rest of their family indeed. Jeff Paul, thank you. We want to bring in royal commentator Kinsey Schofield, along with Fox News contributor and board-certified medical physician, Dr. Janette Nesheiwat.Kinsey, I think, I speak for everyone when you -- when I say that I think it was a shock to hear this, this admission by the princess. And yet, an outpouring of affection, I think, worldwide.KINSEY SCHOFIELD, ROYAL COMMENTATOR: Absolutely. As your correspondent just said, she is polling wise, the most popular member of the British Royal family, not only across the pond, but here in the United States of America.You know, we now understand that the princess discovered her cancer diagnosis on February 27th, when Prince William pulled out of his godfather, King Constantine of Greece's memorial service, just 45 minutes before he was expected to arrive.There was a lot of speculation surrounding him missing that event. And now, we know why.CORKE: Before we bring in Dr. Janette, I want to share this bit of sound from the Princess of Wales. And then, I'll get you both to react to it. This is her, again, in the video, talking about her diagnosis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIDDLETON: It has taken us time to explain everything to George, Charlotte, and Louis in a way that's appropriate for them. And to reassure them that I'm going to be OK.We hope that you will understand that, as a family, we now need some time, space, and privacy, while I complete my treatment.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: I don't want to -- I think I'd be wrong not to mention this, Kinsey, there was so much speculation -- hurtful speculation. And I think it underscores the need to sometimes just step back and take a pause.SCHOFIELD: Absolutely. I completely agree with you. And we have a better understanding now that the reason they waited so long to give us the privilege of this information is because they wanted to make sure that the children were not asked about it at school.The kids are getting ready to go on holiday until mid-April. Both Prince William and the Princess of Wales are going to take breaks then too, to spend time with their family. And they just did not want to upset their babies.CORKE: I want to turn to my good friend, Dr. Janette. I don't know what to make of what we heard. A little opaque, but I'm imagining as a -- as a physician, you can maybe draw some conclusions from what you heard, what can you tell us?DR. JANETTE NESHEIWAT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. You know, my heart and my prayers goes out to Princess Catherine and to her family, to the royal family.You know, this is a shock for not only the patient, but for the entire family and for the world. But we do know that she is undergoing preventative chemotherapy. That tells me, Kevin, that they caught this cancer early in its early stages.And that usually means if you catch it early, it usually means a better prognosis. The most common cancers that we see in women in about her age, you know, other than breast cancer and other than melanoma is usually ovarian cancer, cervical cancer, or colorectal cancer. We don't know exactly the type of cancer we have that she has, but we do know that she's undergoing treatment for it.The purpose of the chemotherapy is to ensure that the cancer cells do not come back. And the goal is to maximize, you know, her better prognosis in the future looking forward.CORKE: Well, obviously, I think what you said really resonates with everybody, not just here in America, but globally. Our prayers to the family.Kinsey, and Dr. Janette, thank you both for joining us tonight. We appreciate it.NESHEIWAT: Thank you.CORKE: Former President Donald Trump says he will appeal his loss in New York civil fraud case against him, all the way up to the U.S. Supreme Court if necessary. Mr. Trump has until Monday to secure a $454 million bond.Chanley Painter reporting live from New York City for us tonight. Good evening, Chanley.CHANLEY PAINTER, LEGAL CORRESPONDENT, COURT TV: Good evening, Kevin. The countdown is on as New York Attorney General Letitia James is threatening to begin seizing Trump's assets and properties unless and until he posts that multi-million-dollar bond.And, of course, the former president isn't staying silent about it, telling Fox News Digital that he will fight the judgement in the court system saying, "They can't take away your property before you've had a chance to appeal the decision of a Trump-hating, incompetent judge."The former president and his legal team are still awaiting a decision by an appeals court on their request for a stay or a reduction of the $454 million bond amount, while he challenges that fraud verdict against him. But in the meantime, they are trying to raise the funds.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOM DUPREE, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE: President Trump is still a very wealthy man. But he's -- as some people would say, cash poor. In other words, and the question is can he immediately put his hands on about half a billion dollars in order to get this bond?So, I think the pending sale of Truth Social could be a lifeline for him if, but only if it results in the sort of cash infusion.(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.DUPREE: That he could use to put up this collateral for this bond.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All right.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAINTER: In fact, on Truth Social today, Trump posted that he currently has nearly $500 million in cash and other properties that he intended to use on his presidential campaign, but claims the fraud trial judge knew this and, just wanted to take it away from him.And Kevin, just a reminder, in addition to that Monday bond, the deadline, Trump is also expected in Court here in New York City for a hearing in the hush money case against him to both address the delays in that trial and new discovery. For now, back to you.CORKE: Taking punches for all sides. Chanley, thank you, and welcome aboard. Good to have you with us tonight.PAINTER: Thanks, Kevin.CORKE: Thank you.Let's bring in former Daily Mail U.S. politics editor David Martosko. And the Hill national politics reporter, Julia Manchester.I want to share this first with you David, and maybe Julia, get you to react as well. This is from Frank Luntz. He's talking about this idea of if you continue to persecute the former president, it only works to his benefit with voters.Listen to what Frank Luntz has to say, I get your reaction on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FRANK LUNTZ, POLLSTER: If the New York attorney general starts to take his homes away, starts to seize his assets, so are going to be on camera pundits is going to sit there and scream about this, this man cannot be elected, you're going to create the greatest victimhood of 2024. And you're going to elect Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: David, your reaction.DAVID MARTOSKO, FORMER DAILY MAIL UNITED STATE POLITICS EDITOR: Well, I think Frank is absolutely right.First of all, you can imagine, if she starts seizing properties, the rallies after that will be completely just lit.CORKE: Oh, yeah.MARTOSKO: He's going to say, if they can do this to me, they can do it to you. And I spent a lot of time around the former president in the last eight years or so. And I'll tell you, he's always trying to think of a way to use his opponent's momentum against them. What's the jujitsu line in this?And here is what it might be. I mean, if he's got hundreds of millions of dollars in the bank, he could just go on a buying spree, go up and buy a bunch of businesses and swing states in the next two weeks or something like that. Hey, all of a sudden, there is not a lot of cash to seize.And wait a Letitia James starts going around and seizing businesses and swing states.CORKE: I can only imagine what this must be doing in the halls at the New York A.G.'s. Office. They have this idea, we're going to hit him where it hurts.But I think, David makes a great point, Julia, this could really backfire.JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, THE HILL: It could absolutely backfire. It could galvanize Trump's base. And it definitely gives images and way evidence to him saying, look, I'm a victim of this. And when I say evidence, I mean, you know, people will see it on their T.V.(CROSSTALK)CORKE: Yes.MANCHESTER: They'll read about it and such. The question I have is, and I don't know the answer to this, but how does these impact independent and swing voters? Do they look at this? And do they say, wow, this guy is right. Maybe he is a victim. Should I vote for him and push back against that?Or do they say, look, I'm sick of the baggage, I'm sick of this? And do they vote on another issue? We'll have to see. But first base, this is definitely red meat.CORKE: Yes, red meat for the red voters.Let me get you both to weigh in on this latest CNN poll. We are talking about how the president and the former president, perhaps, are seen at least among voters of color.This is really fascinating, because as you see there, President Trump is actually leading the former president in the preferential race there in Michigan.But here is what's also interesting among voters of color. Biden's edge, according to CNN went from 62 points to just 21.Why and is that a worry for the White House moving forward, as we get closer to November?MANCHESTER: It's absolutely a worry. And we've seen a Biden's approval rating with voters of color or support from voters of color starting to chip away, particularly among Hispanic voters.CORKE: Yes.MANCHESTER: And we even started to see it among some black voters, particularly black men. Now, does this mean that, you know, and I say this with black voters because they typically tend to lean democratic. Does this mean that they're going to vote for Trump in droves? Probably not.But it means that they're probably not enthusiastic, very feeling very enthusiastic about President Biden.(CROSSTALK)CORKE: Right.MANCHESTER: And that, you know, there could be the question of whether they sit this out. Similarly to how a number of Arab American voters are feeling.CORKE: 20 seconds left for you, David, to sort of piggyback on what Julia is talking about. They sit on their hands. You could lose Michigan very easily.MARTOSKO: You could -- you could also lose Pennsylvania if black voters center their hands. But this just shows you the black voters, white voters, all of us care about the same things. Egg prices and bacon prices are going up for everybody. Gas prices are going up for everybody. Unemployment is going up for everybody.Everything costs more and I don't care where you're from or whether you're a voter of color or not. It's got to hit you. And I'll tell you, I can't wait for the time when pollsters stop stratifying people based on their color.CORKE: David and Julia, you guys are terrific, as always. Thank you very much.11 days since D.C.'s massive public safety bill was signed into law and crime in the nation's capital. Well, it's booming. D.C. police responding overnight to a shooting in the northeast quadrant of the city. One individual pronounced dead at the same. Another fatal shooting this afternoon. Second of the day, that victim also pronounced dead at the same.And as citizen robbed at gunpoint by two juveniles in the Navy Yard area this afternoon.Now, the bill was signed into law on an emergency basis. Meaning, it could take effect immediately. But so far, there has been scant if any change at all, many hoping for the very best. Obviously, many also expecting the worst as many of the city's politicians continue to ignore the grim realities of soft on crime policies. Of course, we'll keep you updated along the way.Meantime, we want to continue our conversation about "AMERICA'S CRIME CRISIS" and the wide-ranging legal ramifications with former FBI Special Agent and Fox News contributor Nicole Parker; Washington Times legal affairs reporter, attorney Alex Swoyer; and a candidate for superior judge in Fulton County, Georgia, civil rights attorney and friend of the program, Robert Pattillo.I want to begin with you, Nicole. Listen, I think I can speak frankly, I've shared with you privately. I've been carjacked, here the nation's capital. I've had -- I've been a victim of property crime. When you look at the numbers, it doesn't make sense, especially when you consider where the city was just a year ago, what gives?NICOLE PARKER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Soft on crime policies do not work. And we're seeing that in Washington, D.C. and nationwide. And it is extremely important that Americans wake up to this and that you elect officials that believe in backing the blue and forcing laws, putting judges in place, who will hold criminals accountable, and letting individuals know that we'll not be tolerated.When there is no consequence for your behavior, you can expect the crime rates to continue and continue to soar. And it's very, very dangerous for our cities.CORKE: Dangerous indeed.Alex, let me get you to weigh in on this. Because I think when you look at this from a legal perspective, you have to make the argument that can't -- look, we can do more clearly. But what's the right tack here if you're in leadership in Washington? What say you?ALEX SWOYER, LEGAL AFFAIRS REPORTER, WASHINGTON TIMES: Well, one thing that could have be done is more prosecutions, and that was something that came out. In recent reporting, I had noticed I think it was fiscal year 2022, the U.S. attorney's office that's been charged with bringing prosecutions - - federal prosecutions here in D.C., they only really brought a third of the crimes that they were -- the cases they were presented, which is problematic. There should be an increase in that number. And then, of course, we also need to see the more officers on the street. D.C., of course, defunded the police back in that wave in 2020.And now, we're at a 50-year low in terms of the number of officers on the force in the city.Robert, I want to talk about the numbers and they have been astronomical when compared to 2022. When you just sort of step back and you talk about the explosion of carjackings, even arson in this city. I think the buck stops at the top.But for some reason, Muriel Bowser seems to get a pass when it comes to this problem. Or so it would seem standing from the outside looking in.Am I wrong on that?ROBERT PATILLO: CANDIDATE FOR FULTON COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE: Well, you have to realize this is a national problem, not just Washington, D.C., but almost every major urban area in Atlanta, New York, Chicago is dealing with this.Part of it is we have a COVID backlog in this country of cases. There are people have been sitting in jail for five, six, seven, years awaiting trial. And as those cases linger and clog up the court system, we can't bring new cases in move them, prosecute them and get these people off the streets.We have to put judges in place nationwide that are able to move these cases through the court system. No individual should commit a crime in 2020 and still be waiting on going to trial and 2024-2025.You get those cases moving, you prosecute more people, you get the bad people off the street, you bring the crime rate down, not just in D.C., but nationwide.CORKE: Let me ask you all about 15 seconds apiece, beginning with you, Nicole. The problem with youth crime is particularly acute here, the nation's capital. It's almost as if these rings know that if I send a 14- year-old there with a weapon, nothing will happen. He or she'll get a slap on the wrist. How do you address that issue?PARKER: The way you address it is that if that occurs, then, they don't get a slap on the wrist and they are held accountable. There are certain districts and areas where individuals if they're committing felonies in certain areas as a minor, they could potentially be charged as an adult.And again, when there is no consequence, there the crime is going to continue. There must be accountability you make choices and you have to be accountable for your choices. There has to be a consequence in order for the cycle to end. There is such a rise in juvenile crimes. And if there's no accountability, it will continue. It has to end.CORKE: Alex, when you talk about that rise, that's the part that really gets people in town. You want to stay here. You don't want to end up in an urban doom loop where high crime drives families to the suburbs. And eventually, that means your taxes go up and more families leave, and it sort of spirals out of control to you.Same question about what do we do when a lot of the offenders -- alleged offenders are under 18?SWOYER: Yes, there has to be some changes. I think we talk a lot about the law and what the law could do. One aspect is some of these places that have the zero bail policies. We see they're back out on the streets and a 70 percent increase in somebody who is really -- a suspect released on a zero- bail policy, reoffends at 70 percent. That's huge. So that's one problem.The other I think that if we take it out of the legal sense, is parenting. There is questions about if parents should be held accountable. I think you were mentioning carjackings, I think it was a recent press conference from one of the officers I saw in D.C. say that they had actually arrested a child that was 9 for carjacking.CORKE: Wow, incredible.Robert, 15 seconds.PATILLO: Well, I think we have to take biblical principles and apply them to the law. 2 Timothy, it says, the law is good so long to use it lawfully. We have to look at restorative justice programs that not just arrest these individuals and punish them. But while they are in custody, teach them the life skills and the trade skills they need to become actually productive members of society.If you're in jail for five years, you should know H. Backer or long-haul trucking when you get out.CORKE: Well done my friend. Robert, Alex and Nicole, thank you all. We could talk about this all night. You guys have a great weekend. We appreciate it.PATILLO: Thanks, Kevin.PARKER: Thank you.CORKE: Thank you. Coming up. Did you know, the U.S. had a secret military unit back in World War II? It's true. We'll tell you all about the so- called Ghost Army that duped the Nazis. And how the covert military units are now being honored.And later in the "NIGHTCAP", who is the most famous person you've ever seen in real life? Tell us about that on X @foxnewsnight.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CORKE: Welcome back, everybody. 27 minutes after the hour. We could be just minutes away from yet another partial government shutdown tonight, as Democrats and Republicans state claims to their respective funding priorities like Ukraine and the border crisis.That struggle continues to reveal riffs not just within our nation's major political parties, but outside of them as well. And our guest, coming up, quite literally wrote the book on the subject, "For Love of Country: Why I Left the Democratic Party."Joining us now Fox News contributor Tulsi Gabbard. Congresswoman, always a pleasure to have you with us, I just want to first ask you about your book.(CROSSTALK)TULSI GABBARD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Nice to see you, Kevin.CORKE: Why did you write the book and why is it so important at this time especially?GABBARD: You know, I joined the Democratic Party over 20 years ago, at a time when it was a big tent party that welcomed people of different ideas, celebrated, and defended free speech, and civil liberties, a party that represented the values of people like President JFK and Martin Luther King.Fast forward to where we are today, unfortunately, the party that once touted itself as the party of the people is now the party of the elite, controlled by this woke cabal of war mongers, who in their pursuit, their endless hunger for power, are willing to destroy our rule of law. They are waging law fair and trying to eliminate President Biden's biggest threat to his reelection and President Donald Trump.And in doing so, they are undermining our fundamental freedoms, while continuing to push us closer and closer to the brink of nuclear war. And World War III.I could not in good conscience associate myself with such a party that hates freedom and doesn't care for the American people.And this election is pivotal. It is one where freedom and our ability to live, live free and in peace as a society is on the line. So, my book tells people about the experiences that I've had serving in Congress for eight years, serving as vice chair of the DNC.(CROSSTALK)CORKE: Right.GABBARD: Running in the Democratic primary for President in 2020, and an important thing for them to think about as we head into this critical election.CORKE: Let me ask you about a couple of topics. I want to touch on an international topic before we talk about the border. We're a little short of time but I wanted to get to this.This is Marc Thiessen, a Washington Post opinion today. He is talking about, "If Ukraine falls, it'll be the GOP's Afghanistan. Republicans should look at the damage the fall of Kabul did to Biden's good name and imagine what the fall of Kyiv would do to theirs. But in Ukraine, there are no U.S. troops in harm's way. Republicans would have abandoned Ukraine not to save American lives, but to save money. That might not be as popular a decision as they think when Americans are seeing lifeless bodies of Ukrainian women and children on their televisions." Agree or strongly disagree? Either way, what do you think?TULSI GABBARD, "FOR THE LOVE OF COUNTRY" AUTHOR: Kevin, as a soldier who continues to serve in our country's military in the U.S. Army Reserve, I am infuriated to read those words. First of all, because he is thinking about politics, not about people. He's not thinking about my brothers and sisters in uniform who were killed in that disastrous withdrawal from Kabul. He's got his priorities completely wrong. He is not thinking about what's in the best interest of our people, our national security, or our men and women in uniform. He's worried more about politicians and politics, and that's disgusting to me.CORKE: A lot of people feel very strongly that a lot of the money that is flying overseas, more than $150 billion, could be better purpose, not just here, shoring up the border but also helping American families. We have run out of time but it is a real thrill to see you as always. Best of luck. Are you going to be a V.P. candidate, Congresswoman?GABBARD: I don't know Kevin. I'm doing my best in the fight for freedom. We'll see what happens.CORKE: All right. We'll see what happens. If you hear anything or you get a call let me know. Tulsi Gabbard.GABBARD: I got your number.CORKE: Joining us tonight. Thank you so much my friend. Have a good weekend.GABBARD: Thank you.CORKE: Mahalo. 80 years later, a special day for a secret military unit from World War II. The Ghost Army finally recognized how they duped the Nazis and saved thousands of lives in the process. Here once again is our senior congressional correspondent, Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): They never fired a gun, never parachuted behind enemy lines. But they did blow up tanks, as in inflatable tanks.BERNARD BLUESTEIN, GHOST ARMY VETERAN: They made these things out of neoprene rubber, and all we had to do was to inflate them with air.PERGRAM: It is said that war is business, but in this case, show business. So, as the curtain rose on the European theater, the U.S. Ghost Army staged a blockbuster. With prop tanks, Americans hoodwinked the Germans into thinking American troops were one place when they were actually someplace else. Voice actors read fake radio transmissions, diverting the Nazis along the Rhine. Stagecraft of the Ghost Army practically qualified for the Oscars.CHRISTINE WORMUTH, ARMY SECRETARY: We teach our Army planners that the cornerstone of what we now call Military Deception Operations is the story. And the Ghost Army were master storytellers.PERGRAM: Lawmakers honored the Ghost Army with their highest honor, the Congressional Gold Medal.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): Because of the courageous work of this group, it is estimated that 15 to 30,000 lives were saved.PERGRAM: The Ghost Army staged nearly two dozen decoy operations in France, Luxembourg, Belgium and Germany.CHRIS STEWART, FORMER UTAH REPRESENTATIVE: They would plant themselves and have conversations in hotels or in cafes to, again, to deceive the enemy, as they would have over hear, these conversations.PERGRAM: The operations remained classified until the mid-1990s.SEN. ED MARKEY (D-MA): The Ghost Army's tactics were meant to be invisible, but today their contributions will no longer remain unseen in the shadows.PERGRAM (on camera): Which means for members of the Ghost Army, it's finally time to take a bow. Kevin?(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Chad Pergram, as always. Thank you, buddy. 33 minutes after the hour, first up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS". A tiger cub named Lily, by her fans online, now thriving at the Oakland Zoo after being rescued from a private establishment where she was malnourished. Zoo staff says she's starting to open up to them and is very playful. How cute.I've actually been there. Scary scene. Commuters at King's Cross Station in London ran into an unusual delay when they were actually booted from the station due to overcrowding concerns. The major transportation hub remaining closed for about 15 minutes before resuming service.And a petite Los Angeles woman picking up a lot of guys, and I mean literally. When she goes out she makes a bet with random men that she can lift them off their feet, and if she succeeds they either buy her a drink or give her all the cash in their pockets. Apparently, she's gotten a lot of free drinks out of it. I would not take her up on that.If you have a viral video you'd like to share with us, be sure to hit us up on social media @FoxNewsNight.And coming up, dozens killed in an attack at a Moscow concert hall. Who's claiming responsibility? And the warning U.S. officials sent to Russia in recent days. But first, a live look at London tonight, 34 minutes after the hour, FOX NEWS @ night continues after a quick timeout.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CORKE: Welcome back everybody. 39, make it 40 minutes now after the hour. Brand new video coming into Fox News tonight showing concert goers in Moscow running after a terrorist attack. ISIS claiming responsibility for the deadly attack that caused 60 people to die and more than a hundred more to be injured.This all happening just a couple of weeks after the U.S. Embassy in Moscow warned of an increased threat of terrorist plans to attack large gatherings in the country. As many as five men wearing camouflage opening fire into the crowd at a concert venue Friday evening Russia time. The building also apparently caught fire at some point, although it's unknown exactly how that happened. Fox News will continue tracking this developing story throughout the weekend for any updates.Meantime, our regular FOX NEWS @ NIGHT anchor, Trace Gallagher, recently took the chance to screen the film "Bearing Witness". It's a graphic compilation of raw footage of Hamas' October 7th terrorist attack on Israel. Trace discussing the importance of the film with the Consul General of Israel to the Pacific Southwest, Israel Bachar.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Really, for those who imagine what this concert was like, you don't know what it was like until you actually see those images. You have no idea.ISRAEL BACHAR, CONSUL GENERAL OF ISRAEL TO PACIFIC SOUTHWEST: Yes, 379 people were murdered (INAUDIBLE) festival. It was just really, they just came to have fun in the holiday, just party. And the outcome of it was 379 murder people, women raped. We saw the pictures of it. We saw the footage of the women that were raped and naked. People murdered in blood, in cold blood, and many of them tried to run away. But they really hung them, like animals.GALLAGHER: You have seen it several times, and each time does it get easier for you or does it get more difficult?BACHAR: When you see, when you understand that they were raped, we saw the soldier, the women soldier, the young women soldier, 18 years old, in the room, they were basically raped and murdered. It's horrific. Somewhere it's even frustrating, why? Because for the ward, they're already, they're not in October 7th psyche, they're in October 6th psyche. Like October 7th never happened. And what we hear from international communities and bodies, it's basically, you need to move on.You need to have a negotiation with the Palestinians. You need to move on with the Palestinian state. Like October 7th never happened. For us, October 7th is still here. It didn't go away. And when I see this movie again, it's like I'm saying to myself, the whole world must watch it and understand what it is about. It was not about statehood, it was about people to kill Jews as much as they can.GALLAGHER: The astonishing thing to me is when they bring some of the hostages and bring some of the bodies back into Gaza and they are greeted with throngs of people. It's a hero's welcome, it is a parade, it is a celebration. It's just an amazing statement about what was going on in Gaza at that time.BACHAR: Correct. That was a celebration of killing and celebration of killing Jews. That's what we saw. For them, their heroes came back with inhuman people, the Jews, and now we are going to kill them and kill them in the street. The glee in the street, the happiness of killing Jews, the happiness of we are succeeding to humiliate Jewish soldiers and Israeli soldiers.That's what it was all about for them. So, it's not about territory. It's about radical Islam that just wants to kill Jews as much as they can. So, let's put the political issues aside, and let's understand that we are facing the new modern ISIS, and that's what we're dealing with, and that's what people need to understand.GALLAGHER: When we see on the news, the television all the time, of these pro-Palestinian protesters who are chanting and you know, sometimes it's from the river to the sea and those things, do you think they should see this video? Do you think it would change any minds if they saw this video, or are they so embedded in their ideology that nothing would sway them?BACHAR: I think there's so much ingrained in their philosophy and their beliefs that Israel is on the wrong side and I think it's mostly a political game for them. I think mostly what it is really it's a strong radical religious Islamic belief against the Jews, and they just use different language, political language in order to disguise it but I don't think it's going to change their mind.GALLAGHER: The president of the United States is running for re-election. Clearly, you know, he's getting pushback from the progressive wing of his party for not handling what they believe is not handling this war in the best way, and he's, he's starting to drift toward them. You can see it in his policies, in his rhetoric, he's starting to drift toward them. Is that something that you are concerned about?BACHAR: I'm not getting into the political calculation, electoral calculation in America, but I just do believe that leaders need, at the end of the day, to do what is right, what they believe that is right. And I think what is right, right now it's to help the state of Israel to win against the Hamas.GALLAGHER: And when you see this video you can see why the goal is to eradicate Hamas because if you don't, maybe it's 10 years, maybe it's 15 years, the Israelis are facing this all over again.BACHAR: Correct, and they say it explicitly, loudly, we're going to repeat October 7th if we can. Therefore, we cannot allow it to happen. So, if somebody supports a regional stability or wants to have a peace process, in the end of the day, you must eradicate Hamas.GALLAGHER: And you go back and you look at some of the images that we saw, you and I saw today, they're having fun, and then moments later they're all dead. They're all dead, killed in the most brutal ways. And you think, anybody who looks at this, it normalizes, it has to normalize what was happening there, and it makes the crime that much more heinous.BACHAR: That's the sad part of it because most of the Israelis, most of the time, are for peace. Not most of the time, basically all the time. We are for peace. We want to have a normal life. We want our neighbors to have a normal life. So, everybody needs to understand, if we want normal life in the Middle East, we must eradicate Hamas once and for all.They cannot govern Gaza. They cannot be a military force that endangers Israel again and it's going to endanger the region. So, that's what we need to do and we expect the international community finally to realize that what needs to be done, and not pressure Israel but to help us to eradicate Hamas. That's what they need to do and to be on the right side of history.GALLAGHER: Israel, thank you so much.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Breaking news to share with you at this hour. We want to go back to Chad Pergram. He has something happening over there on The Hill just over the camera there. What do you have there, my friend?PERGRAM: Well, Kevin, the Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer just came to the floor and he announced that they're going to have a vote series here very soon. They're not going to get this vote to sync up with the House of Representatives on the, the minibus spending bill in before midnight. They only have about 12-13 minutes here, but they are going to vote sometime in the next couple of hours.So, they technically will not make the deadline, but there is an agreement, a deal to vote and sync up with the House of Representatives, and that will avert a partial government shutdown over the weekend. This is about 70 percent of all spending that Congress appropriates each year. They will vote overnight and avert that shutdown. Kevin?CORKE: Chad, as always, you're the best. Thank you, my friends. Stay cool over there. We have the "NIGHTCAP" coming your way after a very quick timeout. Don't go away.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CORKE: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Chanley Painter, Jeff Paul, Chad Pergram, Alex Swoyer, Robert Patillo, and David Mortasco. Rock legend Billy Joel recently rode the Long Island Railroad right into New York City. Most commuters just brushed him off as a look-alike. So, our question tonight is who is the most famous person you've seen out and about? Did you say anything? Here's what our folks on social media have been telling us here tonight. I want to share this first before to get to our gang here.Beth writes, "Clint Eastwood was filming a movie in my hometown. My mom and I both just said: Hello, Clint, welcome to Taylorsville. He waved and said, beautiful town."Matthew C. says, "John Voight. He was just milling around waiting at a small airport near me. I went up to him and respectfully told him how much I appreciated what he does for vets like me. He couldn't have been nicer. We chatted about sports and movies we like for 15 minutes or so."And That1Dude saw, "Michael Jordan slipping out of Rough Arena when the Bulls played an exhibition. Everyone was waiting for him to exit and my friend and I were waiting out for a ride when he slipped out of a side door. Pretty cool stuff right there."So, let me begin with you, Alex, famous person you met out and about.SWOYER: I have to ask, does Donald Trump count? I would say he's probably the most famous person in the world right now or at least, you know, during the 2024 campaign especially. So, I had the opportunity to interview him back in 2016 when he was running.CORKE: Well, that was certainly qualified. Chad Pergram, famous person.PERGRAM: Probably, Mikhail Gorbachev. He was General Secretary of the Soviet Union. I studied Soviet politics in college and Gorbachev came to C- SPAN for an interview when I worked there in the 1990s.CORKE: Look at that picture of Chad looking good. Robert.PATILLO: One night in Atlanta while they were filming the "Hunger Games", me and Woody Harrelson did shots.CORKE: Oh, tough to top that one, David.MORTASCO: My very first job, I was 16 years old doing singing telegrams in Cleveland. They sent me to a party, and I opened my mouth and saw I was singing happy birthday to Bob Hope.CORKE: Bob Hope. Jeff Paul, how about you?PAUL: Sir Charles, Charles Barton. We saw him at a hotel bar. He was watching basketball. We just talked about sports. He didn't even mention I knew who he was or that he was my favorite player.CORKE: Chandley, 15 seconds.PAINTER: Taylor Swift randomly in a bathroom in Nashville while I was eating at a restaurant. She was super nice, putting on her red lipstick. Her mom took our picture and I'll never forget it.CORKE: Me, Eddie Van Halen, at a casino in Vegas at around 3:30 in the morning. Thanks for watching America's favorite late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Kevin Cork, we'll see you back here on Monday.