(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Thanks to Jamie Lissow, Heather Zumarraga, Joe Machi, kat Timpf, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER, ISRAEL (text): We are determined and we are united in order to defeat our enemies and those who want to destroy us. If we need to stand alone, we will stand alone.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Breaking tonight, America appears to be in a standoff with its biggest Middle East ally. President Biden is threatening to withhold weapons from Israel, and Israel is now threatening to go it alone in their fight against Hamas.Meantime, the anti-Israel protests on college campuses getting more absurd, with Princeton University students going on a hunger strike. Then, blaming Princeton because they are hungry.And anti-Israel student protesters at George Washington University, getting a big outside boost. Police made 33 arrests at G.W. and only six of them were actually students.The senior correspondent Dan Springer is live in Seattle with the latest on the college protest. Dan, good evening.DAN SPRINGER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes. And Trace, good evening.That ratio of students to non-students is pretty typical. While we have seen so encampments taken down over the last week, others continue to grow and new ones are popping up.Now, here in Seattle at the University of Washington, the anti-Israel protests is still growing. And it got tense a couple of nights ago when about three dozen Antifa showed up and a few fights broke out. There are close to 200 tents now in the quad and the university has said nothing about removing them.At Portland State University, several days after protesters occupied the campus library, causing serious damage and posing school for days police finally got them out. They made 31 arrests there, only six were students.Today at MIT, police appear to make several arrests during a protest that blocked a parking garage. Police scuffle with the protesters who are preventing cars from leaving and coming in.And now, we are starting to hear from students who are fighting back against these campus disruptions. Three students at Northwestern University have filed a lawsuit saying the protest, "openly" glorified Hamas and was a cesspool of hate.The three plaintiffs who are Jewish claimed the university is not following its own safety guidelines.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVE BLONDER, ATTORNEY FOR STUDENT PLAINTIFFS: Jewish students are not safe on campus. If you talk to students, they are scared, they are terrified, they are unsettled. It's an unsafe environment for them right now on campus.(END VIDEO CLIP)SPRINGER: We also saw students push back at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill, a group of fraternity brothers held up the American flag that protesters had taken down, replacing it with a Palestinian flag.At Rutgers, students held a counter-protest where they chanted, USA, and sang the national anthem. And 300 Jewish students at Columbia and Barnard College signed an open letter, which read in part, "We connect to Israel not only as our ancestral homeland, but as the only place in the modern world where Jews can safely take ownership of their own destiny. Our experiences at Columbia in the last six months are a poignant reminder of just that."So, Trace, definitely starting to see more student opposition to these campus protests. Trace.GALLAGHER: Indeed, we are. Dan Springer, live for us in Seattle. Dan, thank you.SPRINGER: Yes.GALLAGHER: Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" has told that Princeton has an anti-Israel student protester on a hunger strike. The goal is to not eat until the school agrees to cut ties with Israel.But now, the student and her hunger-striking peers are blaming Princeton because they're "starving."So, just so, "COMMON SENSE" is clear, Princeton is not withholding food, their meal cards have not been turned off, there is plenty of food. And the students admit, the hunger strike is their choice. But they are still blaming Princeton for, "physically" weakening them. Weakening them, really?At schools across the country, student protesters look and sound tough, marching and chanting things like, genocide Joe, and from the river to the sea. But apparently, the protesters are not all that robust. Because they keep demanding things like sleeping pads, knee pads, elbow pads, ponchos pillows, aqua for and lotion with no sunscreen, apparently, it's an irritant.And the protesters who are eating are demanding hot meals, vegan, and gluten-free. No packaged food, no nuts, no coffee, no bananas.Not exactly the revolutionaries of yesteryear. When campers want beds, hunger strikers want food, something is missing. "COMMON SENSE" thinks changing the world is one thing, doing it without sparkling water is not happening.Let's bring in the founder of Lest People Forget, Elizabeth Pipko, and former U.S. Senate candidate here in California, Christina Pascucci. Thank you both for coming on.So, the hunger striker says quoting here, yes, quoting here, "They would love to continue physically weakening us because they can't stand to say no to unjust murder."I mean, give her credit. She is passionate. But that's not show this works. You can't just go in and not eat and your school is going to stop doing business with Israel, Christina.CHRISTINA PASCUCCI (D-CA), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: Sometimes Trace, there is simply no words.GALLAGHER: Right.PASCUCCI: And this might be one of those cases. You know, it would be so great and really implement more "COMMON SENSE" to the title of this segment, if they would do things like fight absolute-ism. This whole theory that these kids have that you are with us, or you are against us.And what this is causing? It is fanning the flames of hate. It is creating more division, they would be much better served to try to unify students on campus to have productive conversations with one another, to hear one another out.But, of course, that is not what they are doing, or even willing to do.GALLAGHER: Right.PASCUCCI: They've made that very clear.GALLAGHER: They've made it very clear.Meantime, Northwestern University, Elizabeth Pipko, is being sued for allegedly offering concessions to anti-Israel protesters. Here is one of the attorneys for the plaintiffs.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When you're attacking someone's ethnicity, when you're attacking someone's religion, that's hate speech. There's no other way to look at it. The speech that we're talking about here isn't even on the line.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I don't know much about the lawsuit, but the school definitely did offer these people concessions. What do you think about all of this?ELIZABETH PIPKO, FOUNDER, LEST PEOPLE FORGET: Honestly, I just think it's incredibly sad. Look, the fact that this has to be brought to a court of law, the fact that we now know that we can't trust our university students, or professors, or universities themselves, university leadership, to act appropriately in these situations, and now, students are bringing cases like this, which I believe there'll be a lot more of. By the way, to the courts to try to, you know, get some kind of clarity for why this happened.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.PIPKO: And to make sure it never happens again. It's just incredibly sad here in the United States in 2024. It should never have gotten to this point. And I fear how many more cases will be brought, and how much will we're going to learn that happened on these college campuses during these protests.GALLAGHER: You talked about the lawsuit against Northwestern, Christina. And the obvious thing is, well, there is a reason well, yes. Now, we know that Northwestern, the administrators signed this resolution calling for a boycott of Israel.It says quoting here, "For the last six months, the people of Gaza have been victims of one of the most atrocious and monstrous sieges in modern history, as Israel has brutally killed over 33,000 Palestinians."Maybe they should watch the October 7th video that we watched and we're horrified by.PASCUCCI: Yes.GALLAGHER: Maybe they should get a reminder of how this started. And why don't they call for surrender of -- for Hamas and to release the hostages?PASCUCCI: Yes, exactly. And if people need a reminder about that horrific video that was released by Hamas from their own cameras, they were wearing and they were celebrating the number of Jews they had killed, it was not ambiguous.I just back to that lawsuit really quick. I want to mention I've spoken to students on campuses in Southern California.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.PASCUCCI: Who may follow suit with producing their own lawsuit, because of what they've seen on campuses across the nation. But one thing is clear. And I do think the president of Northwestern actually does want to do the right thing. And the reason for that is because his own great grandfather in the 1890s was killed in a program in Russia. In the 1930s, his own aunts and uncles were taken to a concentration camp. Some died, the others guess where they resettled. In Israel.So, it's interesting and I really -- I think, you know, the fact that he, of course, wants to deal with this issue more than anyone, but yet, still can't.GALLAGHER: Yes.PASCUCCI: So, what does that say about the situation we find ourselves in? All the university presidents need to unite and fight the absolute-ism that just talking about earlier.GALLAGHER: But it never going to happen. That's never in a million years going to happen, because they're all on different wavelengths here. And Elizabeth, finally, to you, Cal State Sacramento is one of those shining examples, because they have now caved to these protesters. And here is somebody from Students for Justice in Palestine at Cal State Sacramento saying this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JACK, STUDENTS FOR JUSTICE IN PALESTINE: We're all very proud of ourselves, but we also have all been reminding ourselves that the struggle continues.They are not allowed to have any investments direct or indirect, that profit or benefit or support, genocide, ethnic cleansing or any other human rights violations.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: So much for Jewish students. These protesters think they have won. Elizabeth.PIPKO: They do. Look, I think there is something that needs to be said to these protesters about what's going on. I don't know if they understand that we're talking about a major university here in the United States of America, deciding to pull their investments from our strongest ally in the Middle East. The only other democratic country that we're talking about here that exists in the Middle East, a country that has been our ally for a very long time that's currently fighting for their own existence after an attack that took 1,200 people from a terrorist group that wants to do to us the same thing that they did in Israel, on October 7th.I cannot stress enough how misguided these protesters are, and I hope one day they realize they are truly just standing on the wrong side of history.GALLAGHER: Yes, who knows? Elizabeth Pipko, Christina Pascucci, thank you both.Meantime, Fox News is learning the impeachment of Joe Biden is now on the table as House Republicans work on details over the president's threat to cut off aid to Israel.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live for us in D.C. with the latest on this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. Florida Congressman Cory Mills preparing impeachment articles against President Joe Biden over his threat to halt U.S. offensive aid to Israel.Mills accusing Biden of forcing Israel into a "quid pro quo" situation by leveraging U.S. dollars against the Israeli government's actions in Gaza.Now, conversely, for his part, the president insists that his decision is frankly a reflection of an ongoing effort to get Israel to keep working toward a ceasefire.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Civilians have been killed in Gaza is a consequence of those bombs and other ways in which they go after population centers. I made it clear that if they go into Rafah -- they haven't gone on Rafah yet. If they go into Rafah, I'm not supplying the weapons that have been used historically to deal with Rafah, to deal with the cities, to deal with that problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: That on CNN. However, and this is important. The president's pressure campaign, if you want to call it that, is drawing parallels to the Democrats' first impeachment of former President Donald Trump over his handling of aid to Ukraine. Quote, this is Mr. Mill's, by the way."The House has no choice but to impeach President quid pro quo Joe Biden. As vice president, Biden was caught threatening to withhold funding and aid to Ukraine unless they fired the attorney general investigating Burisma, a company financially benefiting his son, not to mention the 10 percent share for the big guy himself."That According to Mills, in a statement.Meantime, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says once again that his country will stand alone if it has to in its efforts to beat back and win the war against Hamas, Trace.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in Rabbi Chaim Mentz from Chabad of Bel Air, here in Los Angeles; and Israeli special operations veteran Aaron Cohen. Thank you both having on set. Great to see you guys out here.I want to play the big flip-flop from Biden and here is what he went from this to this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: We're not going to -- we're not going to supply the weapons and artillery shells use that avenue shells used --(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Or artillery shells as well.BIDEN: Yes, artillery shell.That would be a tragic mistake. The idea that we would cut off military aid to an ally, our only true, true ally in the entire region is absolutely preposterous. It's just beyond my comprehension, anyone would do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Preposterous four years ago, Aaron. But now, it's actually happening. And you think, Netanyahu is serious when he says he is going to go it alone.AARON COHEN, ISRAELI SPECIAL OPERATIONS VETERAN: Well, yes. And so, what -- here is what I think is important to bring out here. The munitions that Biden is holding back from Israel, and this is where it's kind of confusing me, are called JDAMs. And these are joint terminal attack munitions, which means they're precision-guided.GALLAGHER: Right.COHEN: Why would you hold back joint precision-guided munitions from the Israelis in Gaza, which is the most populated type of warfare you can have?(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.COHEN: When the concern is great risk to civilian casualties. So, otherwise, Israel stuck with what we call dummy bombs or dummy munitions, which is what you're seeing shot over from Hezbollah and from Hamas.So, holding back these types of selective munitions makes absolutely no sense to me if you want that type of accuracy.GALLAGHER: Right.COHEN: And two, the flip-flopping that you're seeing here is a big mistake.Baby is fearless. He is going to go, and he is going to topple Hamas. And the reason why --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.COHEN: Is because it allows Israel to get those hostages back.GALLAGHER: Yes.COHEN: Or some kind of close or closer to it, Trace.GALLAGHER: And it's amazing. Yes. They are literally saying you need to fight a precision war on Hamas, but we are withholding precise weapons. After Michael Rapaport, Rabbi, said this about Biden withholding those weapons. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL RAPAPORT, ACTOR: You're not sending weapons to Israel during a -- war? But I could promise you this right now, smoking Joe Biden, cadaver Joe Biden, me, Michael Rapaport, I'm not voting for you. This is why voting for -- Donald Trump. -- Donald Trump is on the -- table.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Lot of -- lot of democratic Jewish people having second thoughts, Rabbi.RABBI CHAIM MENTZ, CHABAD OF BEL AIR, CALIFORNIA: You must understand. A leader of a country must do what's best for the country. And here you have Bibi Netanyahu is saying, my survival is more important than anything else.In 1967, when the Jewish people were under attack, in the Six-Day War, we were not buying weapons from America.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: We were buying them from around the world, to a no strings attached. And we knocked out the war in six days. Israel just now got to the gate to Egypt. They were about to open it up. Egypt was shooting at anybody that was trying to get out. Hamas was trying to shoot anybody trying to get out.Israel trying to get the civilians out. And you go and you say, I'm going to stop doing weapons, you want me to feed them?You want me to take care of them?GALLAGHER: Right.MENTZ: Mr. Biden --GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: This is not healthy.GALLAGHER: And this is congressionally approved money. And this is a victory for Hamas, Aaron.COHEN: It's a huge victory for Hamas, because of the signaling that it sends to Iran, the signal that it sends to Hezbollah. What Joe Biden just did was break the first rule of counterterrorism, Trace.You're going to get some Hebrew again, (INAUDIBLE).GALLAGHER: Yes.COHEN: Which is the first thing taught in the counter-terrorist Spec Ops school, there's no backwards in counterterrorism.And what he just did by publicly sitting down with Burnett on CNN, and saying, this is what we're going to do. We're to hold back weapons and munitions. Precision-guided weapons, which makes no sense.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.COHEN: Has now signaled to Iran and Hezbollah, pulled Israel back again.GALLAGHER: Right.COHEN: And not only that, it's going to increase the threats here, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes. And 30 seconds, Rabbi. It breaks that whatever happens, weapons go forward, and it breaks the trust between Israel and the United States a little bit. I get very quick time for it.MENTZ: He's quoting Hebrew (INAUDIBLE). Whenever a person speaks one way with the mouth and one way with the heart, you cannot trust them.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: Mr. Biden, you lost the trust of 80 percent of the American people. Get back on track. It's not about Michigan, it's not about Dearborn, it's about the world trusting you.GALLAGHER: And I will say, I'm starting to pick up a little bit of this, gentleman. I got say that I'm starting to understand what we're talking about here at the start of these things.Aaron, Rabbi, thank you both.COHEN: OK.GALLAGHER: Meantime, a busy day in New York State Supreme Court, as Stormy Daniels finished her testimony in Donald Trump's criminal trial. And the former president's defense team, once again, made their case for a mistrial.Nate Foy live outside the state Supreme Court in New York City. Nate, good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace.So yes, right after Stormy Daniels finished her testimony, lawyers for former President Donald Trump asked for a mistrial, arguing that her testimony had little to nothing to do with the charges that Trump faces in this case.Judge Juan Merchan denied that request. But it wasn't the only request, Trump's lawyers also asked Merchan to amend the gag order, so that former President Trump could publicly defend himself from the allegations that Daniels made during her testimony. That was also denied by Judge Merchan, which prompted Trump to say this while leaving the courthouse tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I don't think we have to do any extra explaining -- I'm not allowed to anyway, because this judge is corrupt. He is a corrupt judge.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Stormy Daniels took a shot at Trump tonight on X, Trace, posting, "Real men respond to testimony by being sworn in and taking the stand in court. Oh wait. Never mind."Now, Trump maintains he plans on testifying. His lawyers are also challenging the courts gag order at the appellate level. Today in court, though, Trace, Daniels insisted that she never extorted Trump, saying the money was just a bonus. She claimed she was more focused on exposing the truth. But instead of selling her story and having it published, she took $130,000 from Michael Cohen to stay quiet.Daniels said today that she did that for her safety. Daniels also told the court that she claims she can speak to dead people and that she lived in a house that was haunted. Daniels later said those claims were debunked.Tonight, prosecutors also revealed, Trace, that former Playboy model, Karen McDougal will not testify in the trial. As Trump's former White House assistant Madeleine Westerhout is set to resume her testimony tomorrow.She told the court that she does not believe Trump is being treated fairly in this case.Now, tonight, judge Merchan also said that the trial is on schedule or possibly a little bit ahead of schedule. It was expected to take between six and eight weeks. Right now, we are nearing the end of week number four. Trace?GALLAGHER: Nate Foy, live for us in New York. Nate, thank you.Let's bring in Cal Berkeley law professor and former deputy assistant attorney general John Yoo.Stormy Daniels' testimony is done. It was kind of a mess. Did she help or hurt the former president, John?JOHN YOO, FORMER DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE: I think it was devastating to the former president. In this respect, the prosecution doesn't really have a good case on the law. In fact, we've yet to hear any facts that have to go to campaign finance and accounting and bookkeeping, mistakes or cover-ups.Instead, what the prosecution is doing is they are dragging Trump through the mud. They are putting on a vivid case, it's like reality T.V. for the jury. So that they are going to think Donald Trump is a bad man and we should just convict him of something.And that, Stormy Daniels fit in perfectly with that kind of strategy. It's not what prosecutors are supposed to do. We're not supposed to prosecute the man, we're supposed to prosecute the crime.GALLAGHER: Right. Yes. It all really comes down to Michael Cohen's testimony, coming up, right, John?YOO: This is the other thing. There is no testimony that links down with Stormy Daniels, ever talking to Donald Trump, about this nondisclosure agreement about the payment. It really comes down to Michael Cohen. He is allegedly in the prosecution eyes, the go between, the guy who conspired with Trump to violate federal campaign law.The problem is Michael Cohen is a seriously flawed witness, which is why the Justice Department and the FEC didn't go forward with this case.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.YOO: They don't want to rely on him.GALLAGHER: Yes. Lastly, I just want to note, the federal gun charges against Hunter Biden today were not dismissed. Looks like a trial early next month. Is he in jeopardy, John?YOO: Yes, he's in serious trouble. Yes, of course, you remember, he thought he could get away with a sweetheart plea deal before a friendly judge. Instead, this judge did the right thing and ask questions about the plea bargain.If Hunter smart and his lawyer smart, he should not go to trial. He should plead even if it means jail time, because the last thing he wants during a campaign is to remind everybody about the problems the president has, and the president's son has.GALLAGHER: Right. John you, great to see you as always. Thank you, my friend.Coming up, a bold, almost bizarre new twist in a blue city struggling to deal with President Biden's illegal immigration crisis. The illegal immigrants are now taking a page from college protesters and making demands. Wait until you hear what they want.And later in the "NIGHTCAP", Ohio Republican Senator J.D. Vance, now pushing legislation to make universities ineligible for federal funding if anti-Israel encampments are not taken down immediately. Good idea? Bad idea? Lose funding if they stay up?Let us know, X and Instagram, @tracegallagher. We will read your responses coming up in the "NIGHTCAP". We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, an update tonight in what appears to be a top election issue this year, the illegal immigration crisis. And in Denver, a tent community is refusing to pack up and move until the mayor meets their 13 demands.Chanley Painter is live with what's on the list. Chanley, good evening.CHANLEY PAINTER, FOX NEWS, OVERNIGHT ANCHOR: Hey, Trace, those migrants insisted they would not leave their encampment until the city met their demands and the city complied, reaching an agreement this afternoon.The migrants' demands were laid out in a document sent to the Denver mayor and included services like fresh, culturally, appropriate food, instead of pre-prepared meals, free immigration lawyers, shower access without time limits, and no police monitoring 24/7, writing we are not criminals and won't be treated as such.A spokesperson for the Denver Human Services said the government was willing to work on a compromise after migrants rejected the offer of a 72- hour stay in a city-funded shelter. Now, they will receive a seven day stay at a hotel with aggressive case management.Meanwhile, in El Paso a judge has dismissed more than 200 cases against migrants charged with the rioting at the border on March 21st, as seen in this New York Post video.The Texas judge said, he lacked jurisdiction due to the D.A., failing to provide the required conferring transfer orders. But District Attorney Bill Hicks disagrees and plans to appeal. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL HICKS, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, EL PASO: It does not matter a person's immigration status. It does not matter if they are from this country or not. If you break the laws of the state of Texas, in particular in these riot cases, if you destroy property, and you endanger lives, you will be held accountable.PAINTER (voice over): Also making headlines, officials at the state and federal level racking up arrest of suspected child sex offenders who crossed the border illegally. In Florida, a Guatemalan illegal immigrant who was caught at the border in January and released into the U.S. with a 2027 court date has now been arrested for allegedly kidnapping an 11-year- old girl from in front of her home, pulling her into a van and then sexually assaulting her.Now, in a statement today, the Biden administration maintains only Congress can fix the broken immigration system while announcing a new rule that would reject some migrants more rapidly from asylum, earlier in the screening process.DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas said in a statement that the proposed rule will more quickly identify and remove those individuals who present a security risk and have no legal basis to remain here. But House Homeland Security Committee Chair Mark Green responded that this rule "appears to be an unserious, politically motivated attempt to address a significant problem the Biden administration itself created. Nothing will change," he said.And finally, Trace, in Arizona tomorrow, residents impacted by the border crisis will be gathering at a House Judiciary Committee field hearing to share the impact of Biden's border security and immigration policies on their state. Back to you.GALLAGHER: Chanley Painter live for us in New York. Chanley, thank you.Let's bring in Axiom Strategies Erin Perrine and former White House Deputy Strategic Communications Director Roma Daravi. Thank you for coming on. Nice to see that the illegal immigrants, Erin, are getting their wish list, like the protesters are getting their wish list, right? I want to move on because the Democrats, remember when they tried to blame Republicans for defunding police and the country just kind of laugh? Well, now Chuck Schumer is trying to blame Republicans for the immigration crisis. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): Republicans are going on and on and on about the border. But facts are stubborn things. When Americans ask this year, who is to blame for the continued mess of the border, they should listen to the words that came from Donald Trump himself. He said, please blame it on me. That's what Trump said.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I love that facts are stubborn. Is he -- is he joking, Erin? Come on.ERIN PERRINE, AXIOM STRATEGIES: Unfortunately, Chuck Schumer and Democrats are not joking here. They believe that they can gaslight the American people into believing that the border crisis that has worsened and become unbelievable under Joe Biden is somehow now the fault of Republicans. Let's remember Joe Biden is the Democrat at the helm in the White House. And so, while this might be an attempt to have a masterclass in gaslighting, the facts are stubborn things.With the executive actions that Joe Biden undid that President Trump had done, that alone has worsened this. And then you see the Biden administration take steps to try and malign the brave border agents who stand there and say that they attacked migrants previously. It's no wonder that this has gotten worse.And this is the thing that everybody needs to remember. The immigration system in the United States has needed an overhaul for quite some time. Democrats and Republicans really should put the politics aside on this. Get together and get serious because it's just becoming dangerous for the United States.GALLAGHER: Right. And listen, a lot of the Democrats, the swings that Democrats are not buying this whole Republicans fault because they sent a letter to President Biden that reads in part, quoting here, "We write to you to respectfully request that you and your administration immediately take further action to restore order at the Southern Border and fix our broken immigration system."You know why they're doing that, Roma? Because they're scared and they know this is going to be a big time election issue.ROMA DARAVI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE DEPUTY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: Yes, this is a huge problem for them, Trace. I mean, the Democrats have to take real responsibility for what we're seeing at the Southern Border. And instead, like you just heard Chuck Schumer do, they're trying to point the finger at Trump.So, at the end of the day, you know, the American people are going to be footing the bill for these illegal immigrants that are coming into the country. And they don't want to be responsible for that when it comes to the polls in November. We know that crime is going up because of all of these migrants. And on top of it, they're demanding housing, food, healthcare, credit card, cell phones, you name it, they want it. And they want it for free.GALLAGHER: And getting -- and getting it, yes. And that's the whole thing. Whoopi Goldberg, meantime, back to the Trump trial, had this brilliant thing to say about the trial. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WHOOPI GOLDBERG, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: You know, I just think if you didn't do it, why are you in the court? You brought this on yourself. You did this to you. Nobody did this to you. You told the untruth. You took stuff. This is on you. This isn't them. It isn't the judge. This is yours.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, forget about due process and lawfare and all that stuff. You're in court. I mean, clearly you did it. Erin?PERRINE: Yes, apparently it's unfortunate to see that Whoopi Goldberg forgot that the presumption of innocence is a real thing in the court system in the United States. And instead, what you see from Democrats and unfortunately comedians and the like in the Liberal media is that they stand there and they try to say that he's automatically guilty just because he's in court, just because there are these trumped up charges against him. And let's remain -- the facts remain, Donald Trump is innocent at this point. And until the courts or any -- they jury decides otherwise, what Whoopi Goldberg said is completely and factually inaccurate.GALLAGHER: Yes. And we still don't know the crime. I mean, I haven't been pointed out the crime yet. Lastly, Roma, do you think the trial is hurting or helping -- excuse me -- Trump politically?DARAVI: Well, it's certainly not hurting him. His poll numbers are going up every single time there's a so-called scandal in one of these trials. You know, they really are just faking it until they make it. The problem is they're losing. They're not going to make it to the finish line. And so, you kind of have to laugh at this because at the end of the day, those of us like myself who have been working with President Trump since 2016 are used to the slander coming from the press. We're used to things like this from Whoopi Goldberg, from Stormy Daniels. You know, they'd all like to see him behind bars and they've said it repeatedly.So, believe someone when they tell you the truth. And it's not going to change the fact that President Trump will not stop fighting for the forgotten American no matter how many trials they pull him into. He will find a way to get on the road and talk to the voters.GALLAGHER: Roma Daravi, Erin Perrine, thank you both.Meantime, the Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter behind Five For Fighting is standing up for Israel with a performance in Tel Aviv. And more recently, an unapologetic pro-Israel speech at his alma mater UCLA. John Ondrasik joins us live on set next.Plus, a Southwest plane passengers notice a stowaway in a very peculiar place. And an NYPD officer approving he is not afraid of heights. The day's best viral videos coming up.Meantime, 8:36 on the West Coast. Here's the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America. Live look, Salt Lake City, Utah where local legend says there are monsters in the Great Salt Lake. Nashville, Tennessee, where Elvis recorded more than 200 of his songs. And finally, Orlando, Florida where they get about 233 days of sunshine a year. Fitting for the Sunshine State.If you can't join us live, don't forget to set your DVR. Watch us anytime. We're coming right back with John Ondrasik. You want to see this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, few in the entertainment industry have the courage to speak up and speak out in support of Israel in the wake of Hamas October 7th terrorist attacks. One of the few, you see him on the right-hand side of the screen, the Grammy-nominated artist John Ondrasik, also known as Five For Fighting joins us live here. That was riveting when you talk about Hostage Square.I want to begin though, John, because there's something in Europe, it's called Eurovision Song Contest, the equivalent of American Idol here. And there is a 20-year-old. Her name is Eden Golan, right? And she is a great performer. And yet she is being is being -- is being forced, maybe being pushed out. She's keep -- she keeps going. But I want to play some video of her singing and you'll hear the booing and you'll hear some of this. This is what she has to go through to perform in this contest.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)Eden Golan performing at the Eurovision Song Contest.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And if you let the tape go, you would hear the boos afterward. It's amazing what she's going through. But she is persevering, John. And you have said this is one of those things where why are more people not speaking out about this.JOHN ONDRASIK, SINGER: Trace, just today, Eden Golan, Jewish-Israeli singer, one of my fellow artists, could not leave her hotel because it was surrounded by an antisemitic mob. They drive her around in armored cars. This is 2024, right?GALLAGHER: Right. Are we sure? We're told. We're told. Yes.ONDRASIK: It's not 1938, right? You think every singer, artist, band, whatever your political view would be condemning this from the mountain tops and be screaming that this is not acceptable. You'll remember, of course, the concert for New York, right?GALLAGHER: Right.ONDRASIK: Of course. Every artist, every iconic artist came to New York City after 9/11 condemned Osama bin Laden, sang for freedom, sang for New York City, where are those artists? Where are those artists now? After October 7th, it has been deathly silent. I am calling on my fellow artists, Bono, Springsteen, Streisand.GALAGHER: Right.ONDRASIK: Join me. Stand with this incredibly heroic woman. Don't let her do this alone. We need to stand with her, stay beside her, and tell her she's not alone.GALLAGHER: So, you went to Israel, you went to Hostage Square. You met with some of the famines. I want to play you singing some of your song and speaking over there. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ONDRASIK: It's an honor to sing this with you. The first lyric of this song is, "this is a time for choosing." And it is for individuals, for nations. It really is good versus evil. And Israel, I choose you.This is a time for choosing. This is a time to mourn.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: So compelling. It must have changed you, John. And did it change your perspective and the people that you went with?ONDRASIK: You know, it reminded me of the concert from New York, singing for people in pain, literally having people 10 feet from me holding signs of their loved ones that were still hostage. To talk to hostage families just breaks your heart.GALLAGHER: Right.ONDRASIK: I feel like crying right now. But I was glad I went because they feel abandoned, Trace. They feel abandoned. They feel abandoned by our government. They look at the mobs on the campuses. But I was there to tell them the vast majority of America stands with you. They love you. They pray for you. They pray for the hostages to come home every night. So, you know, that alone, I think, was a reason for me to go. And I have come back changed. I have.GALLAGHER: It's amazing. I want to play this from UCLA because you went to UCLA, which is your alma mater.ONDRASIK: Yes.GALLAGHER: And you had this to say. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ONDRASIK: Many of the protesters, many of the kids on these camps, because I think in their minds, I think they're doing the right thing because they have been misled. They've fell in under the spell of evil people who are indoctrinating them.It's important for organizations and institutions like UCLA to have dialogue in campus and have debates.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It is important for dialogue and debate. Do you still believe they believe they're doing the right thing?ONDRASIK: I think some of them do. Look, I still have John Wooden's Pyramid of Success on my wall.GALLAGHER: Right.ONDRASIK: And I asked a simple question to Gene Block, the chancellor of UCLA. If 1200 Muslims were slaughtered on October 7th, if there were 250 Muslim hostages, Muslim American hostages, and in a cabinet at UCLA led by professors set up an illegal encampment calling for the death of Muslims, assaulting Muslim students, having wristbands where you can't pass unless you're Muslim, would Gene Block and UCLA tolerate that?GALLAGHER: No.ONDRASIK: Would the board -- would the board appease that? Would the faculty participate in that? They all need to resign. Of course they won't. But the shame on UCLA, the moral stain will never be erased.GALLAGHER: Yes. While you're here, I just want to put this up on the screen. We have some breaking news. This is coming out of D.C. because there's a heavy police presence. And tell me specifically where this is. Again, Tracy, this is the March in D.C., right? And it started at George Washington University, but now we're seeing a very heavy police presence there. And this has kind of gone on night after night.It's very close to the White House and these people are about to be arrested. Many apparently have been arrested. We don't have a correspondent on scene. We're having one go to the scene. But these are kinds of images that we have seen night after night as we look at what's happening around the country. And it kind of jives with what John is saying there. We are going to continue looking at this and bringing the breaking news. We're going to come back in a few minutes and we'll wrap up with more on this.John, thank you.ONDRASIK: Thank you, Trace.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back at the "NIGHT CAP" crew, Kevin Corke, Chanley Painter, Christina Pascucci, Aaron Cohen, and John Yoo. Tonight's topic, it's all fun and games. Republican Senator J.D. Vance introducing legislation in response to campus protests, which could render universities ineligible for federal assistance if they don't remove these pro- Palestinian, anti-Israel encampments. Should schools lose federal aid if they don't remove them? Kevin Corke.CORKE: I think it's a pretty decent argument because if you are impeding the educational opportunity of your fellow students, something has to give.GALLAGHER: Yes, Aaron Cohen?COHEN: Terrorism, incitement, and rhetoric, masters free speech. That is in my opinion -- I'm not a lawyer -- you're crossing the line.GALLAGHER: Yes, Christina Pascucci.PASCUCCI: Yes, especially during finals when they're impeding their ability to study for finals to get those grades they've worked so hard for during their entire school year. So, I don't think it's as binary as should funding be removed. I need more information, but at the surface, it seems like a good idea.GALLAGHER: And I think the bottom line here really is, as Kevin says it right, is listen, if you are stopping other students from going to school, taking whether rights, you can't do that. John Yoo. I deplore the anti- Semitism of the protest, but I worry when the federal government tells us what speech to allow or not. So, I take all the federal funds and give an air ticket to all the protesters, send them to an Arab country and see if they could carry out their protest there.GALLAGHER: Good one. Chanley Painter.PAINTER: Yes, I'm with my colleagues in general. I think it sounds reasonable to hold universities accountable for the illegal activity they allowed to persist on campus.GALLAGHER: Yes. The polls say should universities lose the federal aid? Instagram and X both equal, 97 percent say, yes, take it away. Kelly Randle, "Absolutely. Why should my tax money go to these American-hating schools who have enabled Liberal professors to poison the minds of their students. Enough! Cut the funding!Stephanie, "Yes."And for all our newcomers now living here, I'll translate. Michael Raine, "All universities should lose federal aid."Steve Duffie, "It's time to rein in these universities who seem to think the students can run the campus."And Jason Smith says, "It's obviously, these people are too stupid, and I personally don't like paying for stupid."Thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. We will see you right back here for the Friday night version of FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. Good night.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)