NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Naftali Bennett, the former Israeli prime minister. Again, as to the timing of that planned attack on Rafah, Benjamin Netanyahu has not indicated that, that it's still on. Whether that disturbs or disrupts our negotiation with Hamas on the release of hostages and the rest. It doesn't matter. Protests could re-protest. Here's THE FIVE.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Hello, everyone, I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro, along with Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters, Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.President Biden finally forced to condemn the insanity on college campuses as Riot cops put an end to the anarchy at UCLA, smashing through their plywood Gaza in encampment wall, removing pallets and metal barriers as they fought pro-terrorists protesters for three hours.The battle was intense, officers using tear gas, flares and flashbangs after being attacked by these radicals. And then they started making arrests, unmasking and perp walking these Hamas-loving students one by one, eventually clearing the encampment.The agitators weren't just spewing garbage, they left it behind too. The cleared-out campus was a landfill of anti-Semitic hatred. The school had to literally bring in bulldozers to clean it all up.And after waiting weeks, President Biden finally showing his sorry face to make formal remarks and timidly speaking out against the anarchy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There's the right to protest, but not the right to cause chaos. None of this as a peaceful protest, threatening people, intimidating people, instilling fear in people is not peaceful protest. It's against the law.There is no place for hate speech, or violence of any kind, whether it's anti-Semitism, Islamophobia, or discrimination against Arab Americans or Palestinian Americans. It's simply wrong. There's no place for racism in America.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. President has the protest forced you to reconsider any of the policies with regard to the region?BIDEN: No.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But compare those words to what Donald Trump is saying.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They did a really good job at UCLA, it was very much embedded.Just so you understand, this is the radical left, this is a movement from the left, not from the right, the right is not your problem. Despite what like -- law enforcement likes to say, the FBI director said that he worries about the right.These are radical left lunatics, and they got to be stopped now because it's going to go on and on and it's going to get worse and worse. And, you know, they take over countries, OK, and we're not letting them take over the USA. We're not letting the radical left morons take over this country.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, Jesse, I'll start with you. You know, it's very interesting. When Biden was finally made a decision to speak. He talked about there's no place for anti-Semitism, and there's no place for Islamophobia.I mean, is he tone-deaf? Has he been listening to the fact that this is all about Intifada and killing the Jews? I mean, is it too little too late?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, I mean, it took him 10 days to tell us that bigotry is bad. OK. And then he said, Republicans don't pounce. And then he bounced, downright Churchillian if you ask me, Judge. Out there with his strong statement, don't, you remember nobody listens to this guy.And then Trump comes in and constantly beat him to the punch. He's always early, and more descriptive, whether it's Laken Riley or East Palestine here. He gets in and he makes like seven great points about the protest and about what should be done about it. While Biden is just heads in the clouds.Now, I get that you want to protest and fight the power in college. That is fine. But I don't think they're really knowing what they're protesting. They're really protesting America, but they don't know how good they have it. Right now, They've never suffered in their entire life. So --PIRRO: Let me just interrupt for a second. President Trump has arrived at the fire department and firehouse, he's handing out pizzas right now. We expect to hear from him in a few minutes, but finish your thought.WATTERS: I was just going to say these kids have never really suffered. So, their idea of suffering is like a camping trip. And now they want catering and they're asking for a site of riot gear.And it's like when you pitch a tent in your backyard and you're, mom, I'll have the -- heat me up some vegan plates. You know, Jimmy's coming over. It's silly and it's not going to do anything to Joe Biden Biden's not going to say, oh, Bibi, they're angry at Columbia do something. Bibi's not listening to Joe Biden. Bibi got the money from Congress. He's probably going to -- go into Rafah and clean up Hamas.And Hamas isn't even agreeing to any of the ceasefire demands. Israel's bending over backwards to do a ceasefire. Hamas says, no, come get us. Nothing's going to change.PIRRO: You know what's interesting, Harold, is that the students in these universities are -- they want all the ridiculous stuff they want. Knee pads, elbow pads, vegan food, I mean, and -- but they want to know all about the financial investments of these universities, we want to be able to look at your books, and find out what your university is supporting.And then we find out that almost half of these agitators aren't even students in the campus.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Good to be back with everybody. And it's been unfortunate watching a lot what's happened over the last week and a half but to watch to Greg's point and to Jesse's point, the police and law enforcement even of what President Trump shared at the outset going into trial, I agree with part of it. I liked the fact and have been a supporter of police and law enforcement confronting and holding people accountable who are not exercising their First Amendment rights legally.Two, they have said before, we have a history of protests in our country, and the most successful, the most persuasive, the most powerful protest has always been peaceful. And it's always been with an end in mind. And without it's just an absence of violence towards those who may be opposed to you or for that matter, seeking violence or preaching hatred towards those people.And in this instance here, we're talking about what people are doing to Jewish Americans and the Jewish people and how they're talking about the Jewish state. So, again, I'm happy that people have been arrested.Now, one of the things I think we have -- we should focus on Judge and I know you focus on a lot, because it's your -- it's your life's work and mission is accountability and life. And I think for many, we've gotten to a point where people don't think they should be held accountable for their -- for their -- for their actions.For when I listened to that young lady come out of Columbia and asked for food, for -- she said humanitarian aid. If you -- if you choose to go to a school to your last point, or a place where they're investing in things that you don't like, then you shouldn't invest in it, nor should you go there, you should just withdraw.Now, I think Mayor Adams had it right, there are people who are outside of the schools who are agitating, who are there who are making problems.But we should understand and we should teach kids that and people in life that you can't -- you can't violate the law and then hide behind the First Amendment or hide behind fancy words.And finally, one of the things I have yet to understand around these people that are -- that are protesting. What is it that you think that you achieve in the long run if you are not out talking about peace and talking about change, and talking about bringing things that people's lives that they don't have, and what you're doing now is just completely against that. And I'm glad to hear President Trump and President Biden speaking to where they are.PIRRO: Finally, President Biden decided to speak. What do you think push the president, Dana, was it that Axios article?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I mean, it could be. I mean, the media was certainly going, why are you being so silent, sir?And I think it was -- it became -- I think the window closed, right? He had an opportunity to say something. I think he said too little too late. It was a feeble response, like, fine, OK, you're against the protests.But the thing is, they're not even protesting against Hamas-Israel so much anymore. At the University of Chicago today, they demanded that the Green New Deal be passed, OK? And that is preposterous. His response was feeble, and you're just -- you're looking at President Trump, now he spent the entire day in court. And now he's out and about meeting with people who want to be there.Remember the Wawa? The silent Wawa? And the president can't even take questions from the press on this. And he can't find the outrage to say, wait a minute, I am hearing that students at Northwestern University, for example, I know what happened at UCLA as well, this happened to my friend's son, she sent me this note, that basically, the activists were self- appointed. And they were telling if you're a Jewish, you could not go into this location.PIRRO: Right.PERINO: That does not get the president mad? He doesn't want to like actually do something? Now, then I hear that yesterday he did have a meeting of his anti-Semitic Council, or anti-Semitism counsel, but they didn't tell anybody about it. Why? Like, what are you waiting for?And the last thing I'd point out is the students, yes, they are of course an audience of his but so are parents, taxpayers, faculty, senior citizens, Holocaust survivors. Like, there's a lot of different people that you have to think about in all of this when you're the leader of the free world.Also, I'm sorry, I do have one last thing. They didn't -- they don't know how to camp. When you camp, you leave no trace. These guys left an entire mess for everybody else to clean up, they should have had to clean it up.PIRRO: You know, Greg, the university in Iran has offered scholarships to these American protesters, shouldn't they take advantage of that generous offer to live under the regime that supports and directs Hamas?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I think so, I think they might actually find a major that fits their mentality. They could enroll and kill the Jews 101 with a minor in public executions.And in phys ed, they could do, I don't know, jihadist, jumping jacks.Just going back to what Biden said. Remember, he claimed -- he based his entire campaign in 2020 on the fine people hoax, he lied and said that President Trump had claimed that there were fine people on both sides when talking about white supremacists and rioters when he was in fact talking about the debate over statues.Now we have a real fine people hoax. Joe Biden came out and said, you know, we have to condemn anti-Semitism and Islamophobia. There's no Islamophobia present.PIRRO: That's right.GUTFELD: There isn't that there. He cannot even isol -- like, it's pretty clear that Jews will always be treated differently, negatively. How can this be -- like, why can't you just say, this is anti-Semitism, and it's wrong instead of placing it into the context of something else.Now, when you -- when you look at the protests, there's two things you got to notice. Especially the videos we were seeing, mostly young women. And a lot of people are talking about that, and I don't know why, but they look miserable, disheveled.Meanwhile, when you see those counter-protesters, those frat boys, healthy, good-looking guys, they got it together, these women are a mess. There's something going on in our culture where leftism has led young women down a path where their only purpose they perceive is outrage.And you see this in every issue, whether it's trans, supporting Hamas, BLM, they've devoted their aimless energy into causes that serve to only undermine their future, their happiness. And we've derived motherhood to a point where their only baby is abortion. That's the thing they want to protect.And you look at this and you go, OK, there's two parts to this. You got the people who are leading the protests. They're the lead singers. The students are just the chorus. You pull out the lead singers, there's no chorus.So, who are the lead singers? They're trained professional instigators, who's behind this, our Intel agents probably know that. Why are they saying anything? How come Alex Soros hasn't come out and said, look, I have nothing to do with this. I'm not supporting this.But there's a growing assumption that his money is going into these groups, Democrat-sponsored book -- groups to do this. Why is he remaining silent on this? Why aren't they -- why aren't the actual journalists and media going after this trying to find out. They spent so much time, we need to ferret out the white supremacists in the military, we're going to do a whole research project on it, they found nothing.And yet, they're -- they can't tell us who's behind this. A widespread anti-Semitic phenomenon, and you're not the least bit interested in who's behind it. But you're interested that maybe a white guy had a confederate flag on his bunk in the military?PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: Well said.GUTFELD: Thank you.PIRRO: All right.FORD JR.: I'm interested in both.PIRRO: Donald Trump meeting with NYPD and FDNY now, he's expected to speak at any moment and we're going to bring it to you live.But coming up, Joe Biden finally unites the country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (BLEEP) Joe Biden. (BLEEP) Joe Biden. (BLEEP) Joe Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Pro-Palestinian and pro-Israel protesters coming together to deliver him the same message.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Fox News alert, Donald Trump just left the firehouse after mixing it up a bit after court with cops and firefighters at the FDNY firehouse in Manhattan. And that comes as the liberal media is in a bit of a panic this morning fretting over how the images of chaos on college campuses could negatively impact the reelection prospects of President Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: This is not helping the people of Gaza. And this is not helping those of us who want to fight fascism in America.REV. AL SHARPTON, MSNBC HOST: Are you really focusing on what's going on in Gaza, about the children, about the women, about the innocent people? And in Israel, they lost the message.BILL DE BLASIO, FORMER MAYOR OF NEW YORK: If you care about Joe Biden being elected, then let's stop fooling around here. We have to condemn any kind of violence, any kind of exclusion. You can't have any tolerance for anti- Semitism for example.FARAH GRIFFIN, CO-HOST OF "THE VIEW": We've got to ring some alarm bells, they see violence, and they see protests on college campuses, they see young people calling Joe Biden genocide Joe, and it scares people.DAN BASH, CNN HOST: Harkening back to the 1930s in Europe, and I do not say that lightly. The fear among Jews in this country is palpable right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Meanwhile, President Biden is finally making good on his promise to unite the country. This was amazing. But it might not have been the way he expected. A group of pro-Israel and pro-Palestinian protesters at the University of Alabama uniting in a chant against him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (BLEEP) Joe Biden. (BLEEP) Joe Biden. (BLEEP) Joe Biden. (BLEEP) Joe Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: I haven't been able to stop thinking about that all day. There's also just incredible -- the images that you're seeing, and I wonder if when the president watched "Morning Joe", which apparently he watches every day, he realized, wow, it's so bad. I'm going to have to say something today.GUTFELD: I -- you know, I just -- all I heard was, let's go, Brandon. I don't know what you guys are talking about.The Democrats, they got a terror problem. They have a hate problem. You know, those protesters asked for the knee pads, because they're blowing Hamas. And this is -- this is a Democrat problem, right?Those zip ties and ropes. That wasn't for a little S&M play, right? They were going to have hostages. Do you ever think about that? Biden, they were planning on getting hostages. I'm surprised they didn't ask for hang gliders.You know, this is the case with every major crisis that America faces whether it's crime border or Hamas. It doesn't matter to the left until it matters politically. What -- when it becomes a threat is when it threatens their power.You know, the Democrats denied the post-Floyd Crime Wave until they saw the polls. The Dems ignored the border until they saw the buses coming to their cities and their political livelihood is in danger. And now, you know, never mind the October 7th denialism or the kill the Jews chants or the rapid crime on campuses. It's the optics of that that worries them because it hits the politics.You know, Mika speak in a "Morning Joe". I can't wait to figure out which one is dumb and dumber. She said, the protests look like January 6th, you have to understand, she said looks like, right? That's all that matters to them is what it looks like.January 6 was nothing like any of this. January 6 was a single day of unruly outrage over an election by people who actually love America and do not chant Death to America like these folks.You know, this might look like January 6, but it's a thousand times worse, because they're preaching the death of other people. If you look at it through a moral lens and not a political one, you would have figured this out.PERINO: I had to go back and check something, Judge. On Monday, I had seen that Mika Brzezinski on "Morning Joe" had said, oh, my gosh, this looks like January 6th.Today, this morning, Al Sharpton said, it's like January 6, and she said, you can't compare -- don't compare it to January 6. And I said, wait, I said to my assistant, wait, didn't she compare? Yes. So, the images speak for themselves.PIRRO: They speak for themselves. And obviously, she had to pull back from it. Because you know what happened on January 6, everyone was hunted down. They went -- they did -- they went to the banks, they got your credit cards found out where you bought your gas, whether or not you bought lunch in D.C.I mean, and if they can do that to lock up the people on the right, they can certainly do that to lock up a lot of these protesters as we're covering themselves so they can't be identified.But I want to say one thing, Dana, you know, I see de Blasio up there, the former mayor in New York City, and all of a sudden he says we can't engage in anti-Semitism.Well, in 2020, there was a revered rabbi who died and I mean, a thousands of Jews came out. De Blasio came out himself with the police an order that the police immediately summons and arrest the Jews who were there.I mean, he has such a bad history toward Jews, and now all of a sudden, he -- you know, we shouldn't -- we shouldn't get engaged -- we shouldn't engage in any kind of anti-Semitism.And unfortunately, what we have in this country is the fear among Jews in this country today is palpable. I mean, all of the -- all of the reminders are there, whether it's pre-World War II, Kristallnacht with a glass breaking, or not allowing Jews into buildings. I mean, this is frightening, frightening stuff.And so, Biden now because he's worried about the progressives is, you know, he's just trying to make sure that, you know, there isn't any Islamophobia as if, you know, any -- someone in his claim that there's Islamophobia out there today.But Biden caused this himself because in 2020, when he -- when he ran against Donald Trump, it was the right versus the left. But in 2024, it's going to be the right versus the left versus the progressive left, and Biden created that mess.And, you know, when he comes out, he says, well, you know, we believe in free speech, and we believe in the right to protest, I don't want to hear you say that Biden, just get to it, just condemn it. Just say it's criminal, and they need to be prosecuted.And he sounds like the college and university professors. And so, he's qualifying it, you know, you can do this and you can't. No, this is unacceptable.And finally, the left is silent because they are in lockstep with the progressives here. And so, you know, they started by saying, for Hamas, you know, this is terrible, civilians are dying, the Palestinians are dying. And then the next thing is they don't have food, they don't have medical care, we got to help them.And then, finally, now it's kill the Jews. And that's where there are.PERINO: All right. They want me to go fast here. But I did want to make a point that on academia, listen to the Call Me Back podcast today with Dan Senor.Apparently, it's already happening where professors who are Jewish are not are being quietly uninvited to conferences, or they're being not asked to submit papers to things what you would normally have in academia. So, there's also a quiet anti-Semitism happening, Harold.FORD JR.: Look, we should denounce anti-Semitism. I think Greg was right at the outset. This is the issue at hand. I think one of the reasons and I didn't necessarily think it was right, one of the reasons when doing Black Lives Matter, people talked about Black Lives Mattering was because of things we were dealing with. And people would say Blue Lives Matter which I thought was true, White Lives Matter period.But at this moment, because he hadn't spoken I agree with Greg, he should have just said, this is the issue at hand and we need to address it head on.Two, Greg, I'd be curious to enrich (ph). One of the things you said a few weeks ago, you talked about these pro -- I don't know why we say pro-Hamas. Tyrus is on here. If you're a Hamas, you're a terrorist, you'd have to be pro-terrorist. You're just a terrorist, if you're Hamas, and you said, you don't want these people voting for Trump, you don't want that group voting for -- we got to figure out how we re-educate and make these people aware to the extent they don't know what we just arrest them and then try -- then we try to teach them.Tw, to your point, Judge, we should hold everyone accountable. I hope every exhaustive way we rightly went after January 6th criminals. We should go after these criminals here, we should we have these people imparting violence on our campus and our neighborhoods.I was in Atlanta yesterday. And it was interesting. Traveling by campuses watching these kids outside aid to Gaza. Stop the genocide. Some -- one had a pro-Hamas, no one had released the hostages.I mean, I think it's a credible argument to make if you're saying, I understand your argument, I want a two state solution. I believe we have to figure out where you can be pro-get aid to Gaza, and be in favor of Israel. You can be pro-in favor of ensuring that we try to save lives and at the same time release the hostages.I don't understand how you're not that way. If you're on that side protesting, all you do is feed the notion, perhaps rightly so that maybe you are against Israel, and not for peace but for a violence that many of us are opposed to.And finally, to your point, Dana, I think I haven't heard a thing or seen but I know this, the whole idea of tenured professors on campus, we're going to have to reevaluate all of that. Tenured professors cannot teach their kids to go out and preach and impart violence, they can teach them to make their case and do it peacefully. But those who are -- who are advocating violence, they should be fired.PERINO: All right, Jesse, the Biden didn't exactly turn off "Paw Patrol" today.FORD JR.: It's a great show.WATTERS: Yes, I saw three episodes of "Paw Patrol" this morning. And I got to tell you, I am just engaged.The media understands that chaos for an incumbent is a killer. And that's why they pushed the riots under Trump. And that's why they're trying to hide the riots. Now, because it's deadly. They see it as a PR problem. They're not saying let's stop hating Jews. They're just saying, hey, guys, do it, you know there's cameras out there, you know, because it threatens their access to power and it hurts they're talking points. They've been talking about right-wing violence for three years. Now they can't talk about it anymore.And we know better than anybody around this table. The images on the screen are powerful. You've had the Kabul airport, you've had migrants, you've had Ukraine, you've had Gaza, you've had crime, and you're going into a convention in Chicago where there's going to be action.And going into the summer to have this on campus. They're going to need more than Steven Spielberg.PERINO: Not even just the summer wait till next fall. I know we got to go.All right, Donald Trump fighting his gag order while his lawyer argues why Bragg's star witness Michael Cohen gets to shop around a T.V. show.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Day 10 of the Trump trials wrapped, and the former presidents out of that freezing cold ice box doing one of his classic retail politics pitstops, delivering pizza the cops and firefighters. After today, 45 railing against the gag order, saying the judge should take the muzzle off.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I shouldn't be out campaigning right now. And I want to be out campaigning like I was yesterday. We finally had a break. But I'm not allowed to testify. I'm under a gag order, I guess. Right, I can't even testify? Now, we're going to be appealing the gag order. There's never been any abuse like this before. This conflicted judge ought to get out of this case. He shouldn't be -- he should not be having this case. It gives us nothing. It's such a rigged court.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Trump's team pointing out how the ex-president can't respond to the showboating antics of Michael Cohen. The convicted felon gets to cash in with dopey TikToks about the trial. Cohen gets away with taunting Trump on Twitter, calling his old boss vulgar names and posting images of Trump in an orange jumpsuit. Mike Cohen has also been shopping around for a TV show. It's called The Fixer, inspired by Trump's The Apprentice.All right, Dana, a little pitstop, no comments after, effective?PERINO: Effective. Comments, we always like. We would love to take them and love to hear from him. But because, you know, if he's in a courtroom all day, he can't. When he was campaigning on Wednesday, he was happy warrior. He spoke for over an hour at each event. And I just think it's interesting as a political observer to watch how these two campaigns are going forward.I mean, he's basically being asked to run the New York Marathon with 20- pound weights on his ankles, and he's actually able to do it. I don't think that Michael Cohen should be able to do that. I don't know how to stop it. I don't get it. But it does seem extremely -- extraordinarily unfair. But I think these are the five things that this election is going to turn on.We've mentioned it already, abortion is an issue. We know it is. Immigration, we know that's the issue. The economy is the number one issue. Crime is an issue for a lot of people. And I would add this campus stuff and law and order. And the last thing I'd say is geopolitics. On every single issue, President Biden is upside down.WATTERS: Isn't it fun to watch Trump deliver pizza?GUTFELD: It certainly is. It reminds me of those movies I made in the 80s. I don't normally call back the things that I've said in the past. You know that. I'm a very humble person. I'm fully humility. But didn't I predict that lawfare would shape and frame a better version of Trump?PIRRO: Oh, yes.GUTFELD: Because he -- it caused him to focus. And it put him in a cage. It's always like -- he's like a professional boxer that's -- you know, what's it called, abstinent? I don't know what that means. Abstinence until the fight that he's like. And so, it's like, he's one of those guys that the more you put them in a box, the more contained energy is focused. And then all of a sudden, dare I say, bragging company, have made Trump a more appealing better version. It's Trump 2.0.I'd say more trials, more trials because --WATTERS: I'm not sure he agrees with that.GUTFELD: No, but do you notice how loose he is?WATTERS: Yes, yes.GUTFELD: That -- on those campaign things -- stops yesterday. He was just like, hey. You know, he's like -- it wasn't even -- there was -- he was a happy warrior which is -- it's just an interesting thing to see.WATTERS: It's the abstinence, isn't it, Jeanine?PIRRO: Yes. You know what? I agree with you. I really do. He's playing their game and he's winning it. What he's doing is he is so focused when it comes out of court. He taught -- his loosen, he's clear, you don't worry, you don't get anxiety he's going to stumble. He talks about the college campuses. He talks about inflation. He talks about the border. He's got more eyeballs on him for that 30, 45 seconds than Joe Biden does.And the truth is that he's winning in spite of the fact that they're locking him down. So, now they add four more counts to the gag order. Now, remember, they took him off Twitter, they took him off Facebook, MSNBC won't run anything that he does, they won't take his rallies. And then he comes out of court, and they say, you know, what do you -- what do you think of David Pecker? And he said, he's a nice guy.They want to gag him on that. I mean, he can't even say someone is a nice guy. It's ridiculous.WATTERS: All right, Harold, I mean, maybe he's like Greg said, he's in prison shape. Yes, he's serving some time but he comes out ripped.GUTFELD: Prison shaped.FORD JR.: What everybody aspires to. I give -- I give -- Greg is right about it. He did share that early on in his process. I'd say two things. First, if you're Trump, and if I'm running that campaign, the only thing I would want him saying about Michael Cohen or any witness in that trace -- case when it comes down to that is that we're winning this case. And let me tell you what we've got to do. And layout the -- because you've got to figure out to -- two classes of voters you've got to win. There's two groups of voters. I don't mean anything by class, but two groups of voters.First, those that voted for Haley. Will they come back to the Republican Party in the fall? And two, Independent voters in Michigan, Wisconsin, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Nevada, Arizona, North Carolina, Georgia. That's what I'd be focused on. If you're Biden, this is an opportunity to issue the toughest executive order you can on the border, to talk about an economic plan.These are the things I would be doing if I'm advising on either side. Trump is getting there. I think the optics of going to -- the firehouse is -- I don't -- when he is -- before he goes into court, when he's basically saying everybody is unfair against him, it's hard -- if you're an American who's struggling to week by week, month by month, to hear a billionaire complained that he's innocent and that he thinks is bad that he's in court -- talk about America. And if you're Biden, talk about the things you're going to do as well. Otherwise, I think you'll be at a disadvantage come late Fall.WATTERS: I have a better idea.FORD JR.: Yes, sir.WATTERS: Bring pizzas to the jury.FORD JR.: That's called jury --WATTERS: Oh, that's tampering? Scratch that. Coming up --FORD JR.: Good idea.WATTERS: We all know real men major in history, not art. Joe Biden is bailing out the student debt of useless art degree majors.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Good news, Red America. Joe Biden is forcing taxpayers to pay off the loans of over 300,000 plumbers and welders. Oh, wait, that's not right. I meant art students. Joe Biden canceling $6.1 billion in loans taken out by 300,000 students at the art institutes, a network of for-profit colleges that were shuttered last year.I'm going to go to you first, Harold. All right, this is the first time they've canceled the loans and offered an explanation, claiming that these people were cheated. So, that's -- OK, fair enough. But then that calls into question all of the other loans that they didn't explain that of -- $6 billion out of $154 billion. Why did they -- why did they explain this one and not the other?FORD JR.: Your guess is as good as mine. I share everyone's opinion on this. Dana has been I think the most articulate about this over -- the over the many months. And that --GUTFELD: What about me?PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: But Dana was --PERINO: I just was --FORD JR.: Dana was the first to posit the idea of saying, you know, trucker -- both you and the Judge, the truckers --PIRRO: Oh, me too?FORD JR.: -- and plumbers and electricians. Why don't we -- so, I don't have -- this is wrong flat out. If you -- I appreciate the explanation. But there are a number of people in our society who are filling gaps in our economy, but we have shortcomings. They should have their loans and should have some forgiveness, and for that matter, some dispensation for them as well. So, I hope it gets the votes that we want.GUTFELD: We should use -- we should the word -- it's a transfer. It's not - - they're taking money from somebody else. It's like this forgiveness B.S.Judge?PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: What are the odds that the taxpayers are bailing out a few of these aging protesters we're seeing? There's got to be a few of them that are we're paying for.PIRRO: Well, we're absolutely paying for them. And you know what? We're probably paying for their lawyers too if and when they go to court, if you got a prosecutor who's willing to do his job. But you know what I love about this thing with the art majors? They say that the institution lied to them and told them they could get jobs when they really couldn't.And then I found out that fine art majors are less employable than high school dropouts, according to a study. OK, now, if they actually didn't know that, then we should sue them for being stupid.GUTFELD: Stupid. No, you're right. You're right. By the way, who should bear responsibility, Dana? Shouldn't it be shared by those responsible, which who made the loans, who backs the loans, who supplied the loans? It could be split, borrower, bank, and college. Leave us out of it.PERINO: Yes. Biden wants all of us to pay for something but never has the temerity to say to the universities, you guys got to get your act together, and you should use some of your endowment money to pay this off. Do you know that -- what they're trying to do with this entire student loan bailout is more than the cost of -- they could triple the Pell Grant program. They could pay for all the pre-K programs. They could do all of that.And also, what's to stop Donald Trump if he wins again from saying, hey, anybody in a red state, if you got a mortgage, I'm going to pay that off. Because that's the precedent that we're setting here.GUTFELD: You know, Jesse, you almost majored in art history, didn't you?WATTERS: I was this close.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: And then I was a history major. I just left the art out.GUTFELD: You dropped the arts.WATTERS: I dropped the art right on its stupid head, and now look at me. So, I did a deep dive on some of these bailed out college art history majors. You ready? Here's a 34-year-old transgender cosplay Only Fans creator who's very pro-Palestine. And then there's another woman who wrote, F the pigs on a video of the Colombian protests. And then my favorite, this is a mostly void partially funny, big gremlin energy lady who says, please buy her gifts such as statues of demons and frog mascot costume.GUTFELD: And we're paying them.WATTERS: We're paying for it.PERINO: That's outrageous.GUTFELD: All right, "THE FASTEST," next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back. The next time you bolt out the door without your keys, look, don't sweat it. Research -- researchers say that forgetting something is actually good for your brain. It's a natural part of the memory process.Exclamation Point, do you sometimes forget your keys or something that belongs to Gus when you leave the door?GUTFELD: I've tried to forget the last three and a half years. Look, yes, I think your brain is finite. So, when I add something to what I need, I have to move something away to make room. So, if I leave for work, I got my wallet, my work bag, my keys, sunglasses. And then if Elena says, can you drop this off in the trash? It's wallet, work bag, sunglasses, trash, and no keys. And then, I had to go back inside but I don't have my keys.So, I'm outside and I have been talking to some people out there. We ended up heading downtown, I'm gone for four hours, I missed the show.PIRRO: You know what I would do? I --FORD JR.: Let me come to you. Judge, what would you do?PIRRO: Thank you. I used to have a piggy bank. What I would do is I would end up throwing out the wallet and the keys with some garbage.PERINO: With the garbage. Right.PIRRO: That's all I have to say.FORD JR.: Primetime, how do you -- is this stuff that you do in the house?WATTERS: I apparently have a lot of rooms still left in my brain because I don't have a lot of problems losing things.GUTFELD: You don't lose anything?WATTERS: My dignity, besides that, I'm good.PERINO: If forgetting things when you're leaving the house is good for you, then Peter is in excellent condition.FORD JR.: He's in great shape?PERINO: Every -- almost -- OK, he's listening now. He's in the car. Almost every single time, when we go to leave, especially when we're coming back, he's like, oh, I'll be right back. And it's always something I had, sunglasses, not usually the keys, but sometimes the keys, sometimes the wallet, sometimes the phone. The phone the other day, he forgot it in the car. We got dropped off at the airport. I have to call the guy. He has to go back around.GUTFELD: You know what's a good example of this? Think about why you forget not to put your fly up. What is it that makes you forget? There's something else that -- someone will start talking to you in the men's room.PIRRO: What is it?PERINO: What is that?PIRRO: What is --GUTFELD: I think you get distracted.PERINO: Why do girls don't have that problem?PIRRO: Oh, baloney.GUTFELD: No, no, no. Why else --PIRRO: Baloney!GUTFELD: What? Do you think it's deliberate?PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: No, it's not deliberate.(CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Jesse.WATTERS: Never seen the Tri-City Chili Peppers play baseball?PIRRO: No.WATTERS: Well, they're playing it in glow in the dark. That's right. The whole baseball game is in the dark. They call it Cosmic Baseball. Glow-in- the-dark unis, glow-in-the-dark bats and balls, everything's black-lit, and the whole stadium is on gummies.Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," the heroic university, North Carolina Chapel Hill fraternity brother who put the flag back up on "PRIMETIME."PERINO: Oh, yes. Here we go.PIRRO: Fantastic. OK, after going viral on TikTok for greeting people at Target, the store had a special surprise for the friendliest customer. Little Azai became an honorary team member at his local Target, greeting customers in his very own mini uniform. He also joined the team from morning huddle and made sure that the toy department inventory was good to go.PERINO: Cute.PIRRO: Way to go. All right, Greg.GUTFELD: Big fan of child labor. All right, tonight, Brian Kilmeade, Charly Arnolt, Adam Carolla, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. Oh, that's a banger!WATTERS: A lot of guests.GUTFELD: It is.PIRRO: It's a lot of guests.GUTFELD: Let's do this. Greg's Nosy Neighbor News. I don't like it when my neighbors are looking in my yard and see what I'm up to, making a little shallow graves for my bad meals. Take a look at this fellow. This woman is just minding her own business doing some little outdoor exercise in Knoxville, and look who's watching her.WATTERS: Oh, pervert.GUTFELD: This rubberneck into it. Like, leave her alone you spotted pervert. Look at that guy. I think that's Adam Schiff.PIRRO: All right, Dana.PERINO: Checkout Echo, an Australian Shepherd -- Echo the Australian Shepherd and Everest is a Golden Retriever. And this is what the mom came home to. The dogs, they're not just on the furniture, they're on the counter and the refrigerator.PIRRO: Oh, my God.PERINO: Judge, your dogs wouldn't do that.PIRRO: No. Never.PERINO: That's all I got.PIRRO: How did they get up there? OK, Harold.FORD JR.: The Orlando Police and the Make A Wish Foundation teamed up to give this young man a 4-year-old who's battling kidney disease. Stone Hicks, he wanted to be an officer for the day. So, they made him an officer, got him his uniform. He got his car. And guess what he wants to do after. He got a chance to meet some Paw Patrol characters, his favorite -- on his favorite show. Way to go, Officer Stone. My man.PERINO: Paw, paw, Paw Patrol.PIRRO: What a great story. That is terrific. All right, everybody, that's it for us tonight. Have a great night!