JOEY JONES FOX NEWS MEDIA CONTRIBUTOR: And they do the color guard. And the -- and the 21-gun salute for military burials. Watch "THE BIG WEEKEND SHOW" this Sunday, and see the full interview. It was really amazing.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Maybe.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right. We only have 10 seconds. Can you do it, Kevin?KEVIN WALLING, FORMER CAMPAIGN SURROGATE FOR JOE BIDEN: Great story. Charles Byrd, 99-year-old, a World War II veteran, just graduated with his great granddaughter.JONES: There we go. Great Story.PIRRO: That's it for us, everyone. Have a great night.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Have a great weekend. Thanks, Judge.PIRRO: You too. Bye.BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier.We have new information about that fatal shooting of a Chechen immigrant near a U.S. special forces installation we first brought you last night. We'll advance the story tonight.We will also take you to the epicenter of the border crisis, where some migrants wait hours before ever encountering Border Patrol agents.And additional women accused Sean Diddy Combs of sexual violence.But first, the push for third-party voters is on. Libertarians are getting a real taste of the 2024 presidential campaign this weekend. Presumptive Republican nominee, former President Donald Trump, addresses the National Convention in D.C. tomorrow.Today, Independent candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. tried to convince the audience that he is a viable contender. If he got the libertarian nod, RFK Jr. could quickly qualify for all ballots.Senior national correspondent Rich Edson starts us off tonight. Good evening, Rich.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Bret.Well, those two presidential candidates are addressing the libertarian national convention this weekend to try to convince these Americans to vote for them.Problem is, neither is running as a libertarian. And in a presidential race with a tight swing state polling, these third-party voters could make all the difference.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DANIEL REALE, CHAIRMAN, CONNECTICUT LIBERTARIAN PARTY: We are a libertarian convention looking to nominate Libertarians.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Mr. (INAUDIBLE).REALE: We do not need to give that time to not libertarian.EDSON (voice over): But former President Donald Trump and Independent Robert F. Kennedy Jr. are taking time here this weekend to court libertarians at their national convention.ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: The same principle that lies at the heart of the libertarian philosophy is the principle of respect. It is the respect for each individual as a full and sovereign being.EDSON (voice over): Trump is scheduled to address the convention tomorrow night. Last night, he spoke at a rally in the South Bronx.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We're going to win New York and if we win New York, the election is over.EDSON (voice over): Trump and Kennedy have intensified their political rivalry. Trump has called RFK Jr, a Democrat plant and a radical left liberal. Kennedy says Trump was unhinged. Kennedy is also pressing Trump and President Biden to debate him.This week, Kennedy posted on X, "X is where the debate should be. Do you want to call POTUS or should I?"When asked whether Trump would debate Kennedy, the Trump campaign would only say the former President looks forward to the libertarian convention, where he will share his vision for a free America.Biden's campaign said that only Biden and Trump have a shot at winning the election. So, the debate should just be those two. The Kennedy campaign says RFK Jr. is officially on the ballot in seven states and says it has enough signatures for ballot access in eight more. All accounting, they say, for 201 electoral votes.The Kennedy campaign maintains, they'll be on enough state ballots and with a new Marquette poll, have three of the four national polls they need to qualify for the CNN debate.It shows, in a five-way race among registered voters, Trump receives 40 percent, Biden 37, Kennedy 17, while the Green Party's Jill Stein and independent Cornell West get three percent each.(END VIDEOTAPE)EDSON (on camera): In a two-way race between Biden and Trump, that same poll shows they are tied at 5050.A Fox News poll from the same period shows Kennedy getting 11 percentage points in a five-candidate race. Bret?BAIER: Rich Edson at the Libertarian Convention. Rich, thank you. Well, former President Trump campaigns President Biden will spend the holiday weekend at his Delaware home. This comes after President Biden did receive some criticism about his presentation at that news conference at the White House yesterday.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has details live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The Biden campaign is still shrugging off the polls and looking instead at happier numbers like infrastructure they've built in swing states. And they deny their backward-looking messaging strategy has anything to do with voter unhappiness about Biden's agenda.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)QUENTIN FULKS, PRINCIPAL DEPUTY CAMPAIGN MANAGER FOR BIDEN'S RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN: I don't think that it is a defensive posture that we are campaigning against Donald Trump and highlighting how extreme he is.HEINRICH (voice over): Gone are the days of hope and change and yes, we can, President Biden's reelection campaign is leaning into dark messaging ahead of next month's debate. "The Road to Atlanta" memo lays out the plan highlight Trump's "unhinged pursuit of revenge and retribution," and "Make sure that the voters who will decide this election are reminded of the chaos and harm Trump caused as president -- and why they booted him out four years ago."Expect to hear very little about top voter concerns like the economy and immigration, but lots about abortion, January 6th, and dictators, including from people like Robert De Niro.TRUMP: If I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath.BIDEN: Trump wants revenge and just stop at nothing to get it. I'm Joe Biden and I approve this message.HEINRICH (voice over): Making Trump less likeable may not help Biden's own numbers. A new Marquette law school poll shows Vice President Harris and Biden ranking first and second for net unfavourability. Still, Democrats attribute Trump's edge to voters' short memories.JONATHAN KOTT, FORMER SENIOR ADVISER OF JOE MANCHIN: He is not on Twitter. He is not allowed on Twitter. That's why we're not seeing him and his rallies haven't been covered.Once the Biden campaign gets out there and spends a billion dollars on T.V., reminding people who Donald Trump is, I think voters are going to remember, that's the guy we don't want.HEINRICH (voice over): Trump, for his part is going to make Biden stand up to him, literally.TRUMP: Today, they said, we'd like to set up tables, so, you sit down. I said, I don't want to sit down for a debate. We're going to be standing up for the debate.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH: Polling guru, Nate Silver put it pretty starkly this week, saying, if Biden is trailing by three points in August, he'll be a big underdog, and if it's five or six points, it's unsalvageable, and Biden, at that point, should consider stepping aside, Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich, live on the North Lawn. Jacqui, thank you.We have new information tonight, concerning that story we broke last night about security concerns near major U.S. installations. One incident involving some of the nation's most elite warriors remains perplexing.Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin is again at the Pentagon tonight with this. Good evening, Jennifer.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.New developments tonight in the mysterious shooting in Carthage, North Carolina, outside a U.S. Army Special Forces residence, involving an elite U.S. soldier and two Chechen males who emigrated from Russia. At least one lived in Chicago, but neither names, so far, appear in any national databases. And I am told both we're here illegally.We've now learned that the phones collected at the scene have been taken to an army base for analysis. To recap briefly, on Friday, May 3rd at 8:15 p.m., an army colonel reported an altercation with a possible trespasser near his home.The individual was reportedly taking photos near the colonel's home with a telephoto lens under a power line in a wooded area. A fight ensued, shots were fired, and the alleged trespasser died."Upon arrival, deputies discovered the body of 35-year-old Ramzan Daraev from Chicago, Illinois, who appeared to have sustained gunshot wounds. Daraev was reported to have been working as a subcontractor for Utilities One, a company based in New Jersey, at the time of his death. Investigators are still working to verify his employment status."At the time of the incident, Daraev was not in possession of any utility equipment, utility clothing or identification. We have attempted to reach out to Daraev's family who set up a change.org petition for the new Russian immigrant. who they say was shot despite seeking a new life and America.Fox News has reached out repeatedly to Utilities One, a foreign registered New Jersey-based company founded in 2016 by a young CEO from Moldova, who founded the firm three years after moving to the U.S. and working as a dishwasher and selling ice and Alaska. The company was incorporated on December 20th, 2023.And according to its web site, provides, "infrastructure solutions" for telecommunications providers, electric and gas utilities, wireless carriers, and the technology deployment sector.The company's vice president of fulfilment and infrastructure is from Russia as well. Again, Bret, we have reached out to Utilities One repeatedly today by phone and e-mail to confirm Daraev's employment and to get a statement about his death. All calls go directly to voicemail and our e-mails have gone unanswered. The Moore County Sheriff's Office in North Carolina also tells us they have not been able to make contact with Utilities One. Bret.BAIER: Yes, it's a bizarre story, and there is concern especially from those families down there of those special operations forces.Jen, it does come as we are hearing about an uptick in what appeared to be probing incidents or surveillance at U.S. military bases across the country.GRIFFIN: That's right, Bret. Special Operations Forces have reported many suspicious surveillance activities of them and their families of late. And the military has seen an uptick of foreigners probing near or on U.S. military bases.Earlier today, the head of U.S. fleet forces, the Navy's fleet forces, told Bill Hemmer that -- his name is Admiral Daryl Caudle of U.S. Fleet Forces Command. He said, this thing of our military base is getting penetrated by foreign nationals. It's happening more and more, you know, this is something we have probably happened two or three times a week.I understand we have his bites. Let's hear from him himself.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ADMIRAL DARYL CAUDLE, UNITED STATES FLEET FORCES COMMAND: Well, our military bases getting penetrated by foreign nationals is happening more and more. This is something we see probably two or three times a week, where we're stopping these folks at the gate.Typically, we get NCIS involved with those and we get biometrics when possible. But yes, there is been an uptick in that.(END VIDEO CLIP)GRIFFIN: Bret, we will keep reporting on the case in Carthage, North Carolina, about what this mysterious case, which again, has many in the Special Operations community very spooked. Bret.BAIER: Yes.Jennifer Griffin, live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thank you. The House Judiciary Committee Chairman is demanding answers about that attempted breach of Marine Corps Base Quantico by two Jordanian nationals in the country illegally.Ohio Republican Congressman Jim Jordan asking Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas to provide information about those suspects by June 7th. Two other Republicans in Congress have already sent similar letters.The Homeland Security Department says it will respond appropriately to congressional oversight."BREAKING TONIGHT", Hunter Biden appears in a federal courtroom in Delaware.He is preparing for a June 3rd start to his trial on gun charges. We now know more about what evidence jurors will see, including the contents of that infamous laptop that the U.S. government now says did, in fact, belong to Hunter.Correspondent David Spunt is in Wilmington tonight with the latest. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. And our viewers will remember that, that laptop, 51 former intelligence officials back in 2020 before the election said that it was Russian disinformation. Turns out it was not Russian disinformation. Hunter Biden will be back here at this Wilmington, Delaware courthouse on June 3rd.And we did learn today in court, a session that lasted about two hours, some of the evidence that would be presented.Special Counsel David Weiss, who charged Hunter Biden says the laptop will be entered into evidence Hunter Biden's attorneys vigorously tried to get the laptop out of evidence. We don't know yet which parts would be submitted.Weiss, in a brief, to the court, said, "The defendant's laptop is real. It will be introduced as a trial exhibit, and it contains significant evidence of the defendant's guilt. Moreover, the evidence on his laptop is corroborated by independent sources."Hunter was inside court today, watching his attorney Abbe Lowell hash out last-minute details.President son is charged with three felony counts of lying on a federal gun form in 2018 when claiming he was not a drug user. Hunter's attorney Lowell dropped quite a theory today, Bret, that Hunter did not check no to being a drug user on that federal firearms form. He says it needs to be examined whether other people may have filled out the form, pointing to the chain of custody.The Special Counsel is confident that Hunter was the one who check no in the box. Judge Maryellen Noreika ruled the Special Counsel cannot mention Hunter's indictment and pending tax case in California. Also, cannot mention his child support case in Arkansas or discharged from the Navy.Now, this trial judge is the same one who tore up that plea deal last summer. Critics call to the sweetheart plea deal. It would have had Hunter Biden guilty of two misdemeanors and avoid prison time on felony gun charges.Bret, it's always possible, an 11th hour plea deal could take shape here. But now, right now, those engines look like they are moving forward to that jury selection beginning on June 3rd, and this trial is expected to take up to two weeks before verdict. Bret.BAIER: David Spunt, live in Wilmington. David, thank you.Stocks rebounded from Thursday's big losses. The Dow finishing ahead four. The S&P 500 was up 37. The NASDAQ jumped 185 to close at a new record high. For the week, the Dow lost 2-1/3 percentage points. The S&P 500 was up three and one hundredths. The NASDAQ gained almost 1-1/2.Up next, we'll take you live to the busiest sector for border agents, as they struggle with depleted manpower.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Live look in Annapolis, Maryland, it's going to be gorgeous there this weekend.Meantime, the NCAA and the nation's five biggest conferences say they have agreed to pay nearly $2.8 billion to settle a host of antitrust claims. The deal sets the stage for a groundbreaking revenue sharing model that could start steering millions of dollars directly to athletes as soon as the 2025 fall semester.The deal still must be approved by the federal judge overseeing the case, plaintiffs will have the opportunity to opt out or challenge terms of that agreement.Boeing and NASA say they have fixed two technical issues on the company's Starliner spacecraft. Starliner's first mission carrying astronauts is now planned for June 1st. It was derailed earlier this month by a small helium leak detected in its propulsion system hours before it was due to lift off from Florida. More than two weeks of extra scrutiny found that the leak poses no major risk to the astronauts.Border Patrol agents in the nation's busiest sector are struggling to keep up with the latest surge of illegal immigrants. And our cameras caught some migrants apparently losing patience as they waited to encounter agents after crossing, essentially giving up.Correspondent Bill Melugin takes a look tonight in the border along California.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Migrants from around the world wander aimlessly along roads in Jacumba, California. They're searching for Border Patrol agents who are overstretched and busy elsewhere, leaving some of the migrants waiting to be apprehended for hours.We witnessed some of these Colombian men lose their patience. They called a Lyft driver to pick them up with the driver possibly committing a federal crime, and she drove the migrants away making them presumptive gotaways.In the Washington Examiner reports, Border Patrol has now lost more than 4,000 agents, nearly a quarter of its workforce since President Biden was elected, largely due to retirements.In Jacumba, these mass illegal crossings of migrants are a common sight. This group of more than 100 had migrants from Pakistan, India, Zimbabwe, Cameroon, Vietnam, China, and many others.San Diego sector Border Patrol reports they've encountered migrants from 67 countries here in just the last week alone.MELUGIN: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pakistan.MELUGIN: Pakistan. Why did you come to the U.S.?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For the job. For the -- for work.MELUGIN: You know, it's illegal to come here across the border like this, right?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: Not a big deal?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No.MELUGIN (voice over): Meanwhile, in New Mexico, New Texas DPS helicopter video shows Border Patrol trying to stop smugglers from bringing illegal immigrants over the border wall as the agents are pelted with rocks, bottles, and dirt.CHRIS CLEM, FORMER YUMA SECTOR BORDER PATROL CHIEF: And this is what happens when there's very little support from our friends and neighbors in Mexico. And of course, just you know, the complete lack of strong policies coming out of Washington.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Bret, here in San Diego sector, our Border Patrol contacts tell us they have apprehended just under 30,000 Chinese nationals since October 1st. Just to put that in perspective, that is an 8,600 percent increase over fiscal year 2021 when only 342 Chinese nationals were apprehended across the entire southern border. We'll send it back to you.BAIER: Bill Melugin live on the border. Bill, thanks.Up next, another woman comes forward to accuse Sean Diddy Combs of sexual violence. We'll bring you that story.First, Beyond our Borders tonight, Taiwan tracks dozens of Chinese warplanes and navy vessels off its coast. It's the second day of a large military exercise launched by Beijing to show its anger over the self- governing island's inauguration of new leaders who refuse to accept its insistence that Taiwan is part of China.Pope Francis paves the way for canonization of the first saint of the millennial generation. A second miracle has been attributed to a 15-year- old Italian computer whiz who died of leukemia in 2006.Pope says he will convene a consistory of cardinals to deliberate the canonization of Carlo Acutis who -- and three other individuals for sainthood.And this is a live look at Port Elliot, Australia. One of the big stories there tonight, Australia's biggest festival begins in Sydney, the organizers of the vivid gathering say the event mixes creativity, innovation, and community connection over 23 nights.Just some of the stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: There's more potential legal trouble for Sean Diddy Combs tonight, additional women are coming forward under New York City's gender-motivated violence act. It gives alleged victims a filing deadline of 2025 for civil claims, even after the statute of limitations has expired.Correspondent CB Cotton is in New York with details.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CB COTTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): In one week, three women have spoken out against Sean Diddy Combs, alleging he subjected them to violence.The latest accuser April Lampros, filed a lawsuit in New York State Supreme Court saying she was a college student in the '90s studying fashion when Diddy promised industry access and mentorship. Instead, she alleges he sexually assaulted her four times.Lampros says Combs invited her to parties and his recording studio to impress her and also, "love bombed her with gifts and flowers."But the court documents say the friendship quickly manifested into an aggressive, coercive and abusive relationship based on sex.And one of the alleged encounters, Lampros claims the rapper forced her to take ecstasy and demanded she have sexual intercourse with Kim Porter, one of Combs's former girlfriends with whom he has three children. Porter died in 2018.Earlier this week, former model Crystal McKinney filed a federal lawsuit claiming she had dinner with combs in 2003 and later on the same night was assaulted in his recording studio.The women's claims add to a growing list of others who have come forward with allegations against the rapper in the past six months. And singer Cassie Ventura speaking out for the first time on the explosive video showing Combs beating her in a Los Angeles hotel hallway back in 2016. Ventura writing in part, quote, "My only ask is that everyone open your heart to believing victims the first time."(END VIDEO TAPE)COTTON (on camera): Combs released a one-minute apology video last Sunday in response to the videotape of him and Cassie Ventura. We have reached out to Combs's lawyers multiple times for comment on these recent lawsuits and have yet to hear back. Bret?BAIER: CB, thank you.Breaking tonight, two missionaries from the U.S. and one other person have been killed by gang violence in Haiti. This occurs as gangs exert control over 80 percent of the capital city now. Let's get the latest from State Department correspondent Gillian Turner.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: A married American couple working as missionaries were killed overnight by gangs in Haiti. It's a country that's teetered on the brink of collapse since March when rival gangs overthrew the government in the capital city Port-au-Prince and terrorized the entire island nation. The organization overseeing Natalie and Davy Lloyd's work writes "They were ambushed by a gang of three trucks full of guys. Davy was taken to the house, tied up, and beat. The gang then took our trucks and loaded everything up they wanted and left."A State Department spokesperson offers the family condolences, saying, "We stand ready to provide all appropriate consular assistance. Out of respect for the family during this difficult time, we have no further comment."Officials also say knowing how many other Americans remain in Haiti is impossible as Americans abroad aren't required to register. Just three days ago, Secretary Blinken said Haitian police were outmanned and outgunned, but did cite progress.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: They have taken back control of the airport and other critical infrastructure. In fact, today commercial flights resumed in Haiti. And we anticipate that American carriers will begin flying again in the days ahead.TURNER: Last night President Biden and Kenyan President Ruto highlighted their ongoing efforts to prop up Haiti during a state dinner at the White House.WILLIAM RUTO, KENYAN PRESIDENT: We affirm our mutual commitment to the stabilization of Haiti.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And of course, Kenya won't be going it alone. We're working with Congress to provide $300 million to MSS Mission and an additional 60 million for equipment assistance.(END VIDEO TAPE)TURNER (on camera): Haiti has an interim president now in place, but the violence remains widespread as do water and electricity and communications outages. We're also learning tonight that the health system is teetering on the brink of collapse. Bret?BAIER: And Gillian, we are expecting the return of an American who has been detained in Turks and Caicos for weeks on those charges of carrying illegal ammunition. What about that?TURNER: So Bryan Hagerich could have been facing 12 years behind bars, perhaps even more. Instead, he is being charged $6,700 penalty payment and being set free entirely by the government of Turks and Caicos. His representative in Congress tells us tonight, quote, this terrifying situation should never have happened to him. Hagerich was just one of five Americans detained on the island facing very similar charges. He is arriving back on U.S. soil tonight, Bret, in the 9:00 p.m. eastern hour. Next up, I want to make sure I get his name right, Tyler Wenrich, he's from Virginia, is up next. On Tuesday he's going to have a sentencing hearing also in Turks and Caicos. Bret?BAIER: Good news. Gillian Turner live in the State Department briefing room. Gillian, thanks.Judges at the United Nations top court are now demanding that Israel halt its military offensive in the southern Gaza city of Rafah as Israel announces it recovered more bodies of deceased hostages. Senior foreign affairs correspondent Greg Palkot has the story.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT: Israel's fight against Hamas in southern Gaza intensifying, clashes getting closer to the already battered city center of Rafah as the U.N.'s top court, the International Court of Justice, is ordering Israelis to stop the battle there, calling the locals the targets of genocide.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Israel must immediately halt its military offense.PALKOT: With no policing authority, the move should have no immediate effect on Israel's tactics. The Israeli government already blasting the accusations as false, outrageous, and morally repugnant. This amid more reminders of Hamas horror, Israeli forces recovering the remains of three more hostages -- 30-year-old Oryon Hernandez Radoux, 42-year-old Hanan Yablonka, and 59-year-old Michel Nisenbaum. The total number of Israelis now held by Hamas since its October 7th attack, 125, 39 of them believed dead.REAR ADMIRAL DANIEL HAGARI, ISRAELI DEFENSE FORCES: We will not stop fighting for their freedom.PALKOT: Israel reporting some payback, airstrikes taking out the deputy commander of the terror group's security forces in Gaza.The humanitarian crisis only worsens, some aid finally reaching residents via that U.S. military constructed floating pier. At a cost, though. The Pentagon says three servicemembers involved suffered noncombat injuries. One remains hospitalized. As the Biden administration struggles to offer support for Israel amid calls for restraint and worries among many already about the day after.ROBERT GREENWAY, HERITAGE FOUNDATION: If the United States pursues the right policy in the region, we can get collective cooperation and response on security and on reconstruction and development.(END VIDEO TAPE)PALKOT (on camera): Trying for cooperation this weekend, CIA Director William Burns. He is meeting with Israeli counterpart and officials from other countries in Paris, trying once again to get a cease-fire and a hostage deal. Tough work. Bret?BAIER: Greg Palkot in London. Greg, thank you.Up next, the panel on the presidential race, the vice presidential sweepstakes on the Republican side with Candidate Casino. We'll bring the panel in.But first, a live look at Charlotte from WJZY where excitement is building as the NASCAR Cup series gears up for the 65th running of the Coca-Cola 600. This iconic race is known for grueling length, thrilling battles. It takes place Sunday at the historic Charlotte Motor Speedway and will be broadcast on big FOX.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: I woke up. I said, I wonder, will it be hostile or will it be friendly? It was beyond friendly. It was a lovefest.QUENTIN FULKS, BIDEN DEPUTY CAMPAIGN MANAGER: We are focused on doing the work. And part of that is communicating to voters exactly how dangerous Donald Trump is to democracy and the threat that he poses.TRUMP: We are going to win New York, if we win New York, the election is over. We take over the country.REP. JIM HIMES, (D-CT): Donald Trump and his self-aggrandizing, his grandiosity, and then utter failure to deliver on what he promises is not a new story.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, former President Trump obviously in the south Bronx, you saw it here on SPECIAL REPORT last night.Meantime, the Real Clear Politics average of the polls in the battleground states shows the former president doing well in really across the board, Wisconsin has a slight Biden lead in the latest polls. But you see there in Arizona, in Georgia, even in Michigan a slight lead, and Pennsylvania.Where are we on this race right now? Most people pay attention about the time it gets to Labor Day. As we head into Memorial Day weekend, that's just not every race. This race we're going to have a debate June 27th.Let's bring in our panel, Trey Gowdy, former Congressman from South Carolina, "Axios" political reporter Stef Kight, and Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute. Do you get a sense, Trey, where this race is now as we head into the summer months? It seems like it's accelerating. Obviously, as I mentioned, we will have a debate at the end of June.TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's unbelievable. It used to be Labor Day. And now it's year-round. I think it's going to be incredibly close, Bret. I think it's going to come down to a handful of counties and maybe a couple of states. And we -- you and I are going to live in a 50/50 country, Bret. I hope one day we don't die in a 50/50 country, but we are currently living in a 50/50 country. And I don't see that changing.BAIER: Yes. And it does seem that way. And by the way, this election is very important when it comes to the House and Senate, too. That's all on the table. This is a very consequential election come November.Stef, the former president is right, that if he won New York, it would be the ballgame. A lot of people are saying he probably is not going to win New York, but he is expanding the map in other places. And clearly that rally last night in the south Bronx is evidence of that.STEF KIGHT, POLITICAL REPORTER, "AXIOS": Exactly. Of course, the chances of the former president winning New York are very slim. It is still an incredibly blue state. But the fact that he did go to the Bronx goes to show just how seriously he and his campaign are trying to court a new block of voters. They have made a very concerted effort to win over nonwhite voters, speaking directly to black voters and Hispanic voters. Of course, the area of the Bronx where he visited is a largely Hispanic neighborhood, and a very multiracial crowd showed up there, especially for a Trump rally.So it really does show us that he is taking that seriously, that they're going to lean into that. And they are trying to expand the kind of voters that are willing to come out and vote for the former president. Even if New York as a state is not really on the table, we are seeing him win over more and more voters that in the past would be unlikely Republican voters.BAIER: I'm going to turn topics, Matthew, although deals with the presidential race. Gas prices being high usually affects a presidential race. Former Energy Secretary Rick Perry on with Maria Bartiromo. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RICK PERRY, FORMER ENERGY SECRETARY: The reason gasoline prices are up is because this administration put policies into place that strangled supply. And when you don't have the supply, the cost goes up. That's just simple economics. They know that, but they are scared to death of the left and the environmentalists that are putting pressure on them to stop the fossil fuel industry.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So the administration is now going back to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, Matthew. And the Biden administration announcing this week 1 million barrels of northeast reserve established after superstorm Sandy in a bid to lower price at the pump this summer. The sale from storage sites in New Jersey and Maine allocated. So, again, they are tapping this in an effort to change the dynamic with gas prices.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: Well, it's an absolutely reckless policy, Bret. And it makes me wonder what would happen if we had an actual emergency, another Arab oil embargo, say? Where would we be with the way in which the Biden administration has recklessly abused the Strategic Petroleum Reserve? But I think the gas price issue speaks to a whole bunch of grocery bag, bread and butter issues that American voters are facing. The cost of living under Biden has risen fivefold, 20 percent. And voters, no matter what their race or ethnicity, our outraged by it. That's what's driving them to Trump. And it's why I think the Bronx rally was a bold and successful move on the campaign's part.BAIER: All right, the former president has talked about his V.P. picks, and that brings us to a place we go to every week, and that is Candidate Casino. I wait for the roulette ball to start rolling. You've got $100 in chips. This is for V.P. pick for former President Trump. Trey, where are you putting your chips?GOWDY: It's $40 on Tim Scott, $20 on Elise Stefanik, $10 on Tommy cotton, $10 on J.D. Vance, $10 on Doug Burgum, $10 on Mike Pompeo. I have no idea what adds up to, Bret. I'm used to keeping track over and under pay.(LAUGHTER)CONTINETTI: He's running a deficit.BAIER: That's good.GOWDY: I don't know. I could be out of money, but that's it.BAIER: That's all right. You placed some bets.OK, Stef, $100 bucks.KIGHT: I'm going to put $40 on J.D. Vance, I'm going to put $30 on Tim Scott, $20 on Marco Rubio, and I'm going to throw $10 for Tulsi Gabbard as kind of the less likely, but maybe we'll see a surprise pick.BAIER: All right, Matthew, wrap it up.CONTINETTI: Despite some issues with residency, I still think Marco Rubio is in the mix. I'm going to put $40 on him. But there is a new entry in my casino, and that is Doug Burgum, the governor of North Dakota. Burgum-mania is real, Bret. I'm putting $60 on the governor.BAIER: Wow, big bet on Burgum. OK, we will track it and play this back later. Thanks.Breaking tonight. A New Mexico judge has just rejected a request by Alec Baldwin to dismiss the sole criminal charges against him in that fatal shooting in the movie set in 2021. A judge upheld an indictment charging Baldwin with one count of involuntary manslaughter in the death of the cinematographer. The judge rejecting defense arguments that prosecutors flouted the rules of the grand jury proceedings to divert attention away from exculpatory evidence and witnesses. So that is going forward. I wanted to bring you that.Up next, the Friday Lightning Round plus Winners and Losers, then "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DAVID PRIESS, FORMER CIA OFFICER: It has all the classic earmarks of a Russian campaign in the way it was disseminated and propagated through media.BAIER: Do you regret signing onto the letter?PRIESS: Oh, absolutely not, because those words are still true. It has all the classic earmarks --BAIER: Do you think it -- the outcome of the election?PRIESS: Oh, absolutely not.BAIER: Hunter Biden said it was his laptop and this investigation continues. So you don't have any regrets about doing what you did?LEON PANETTA, FORMER CIA DIRECTOR: No, I don't have any regrets about not trusting the Russians.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Those are two of the folks who signed on to that letter, 51 former intelligence officials. Remember that, "Politico" headline October 19th, "Hunter Biden story is disinfo dozens of former intel officials say." That was the letter that was cited by then Vice President Biden in that debate.Well, in a recent court filing, the Justice Department emphatically states the Hunter Biden laptop data is real and they plan to submit it as evidence, this is against Hunter Biden. "The defendant has had the laptop data in its raw, original form since September 2023, but provided the government with no evidence of its manipulation or alteration. He has provided any evidence -- has not provided any evidence or information that shows his laptop contains false information, and the government's evidence shows the opposite. The defendant's laptop is real. It will be introduced as a trial exhibit, and it contains significant evidence of the defendant's guilt." David Weiss, the special counsel.That's a full circle. Back with the panel. Trey, that's quite something. A little late.GOWDY: Yes, John Ratcliffe and Chris Wray told us immediately it was not Russian disinformation. Shame on everyone who signed that letter for political expediency.That said, Bret, go forward on the taxes. Go forward on corruption. This is a pretty weak gun charge. I don't like when President Trump is signaled out on a weak misdemeanor in New York. I don't think Biden ought to be prosecuted on a weak gun case.BAIER: Matthew?CONTINETTI: I think the real lesson to be drawn here from what happened, Bret, is that this will happen again. It will probably happen last year like it did in 2020. Sometime in October there will be some type of narrative being pursued that Trump is a Russian asset. And I think it's very important for people in the media to be incredulous and to report fairly and accurately about whatever comes out of intelligence community in the final months of the campaign.BAIER: Stef, we're going to get Winners and Losers right now, because I want to save time for everybody's winner, everybody's loser. We're going to start with you. Winner first?KIGHT: My winner is a little bit counterintuitive, but I did choose Benjamin Netanyahu, because we have seen such defense of him after a while of Democratic leaders kind of antagonizing him over the ICC attack and request for an arrest warrant. So we have seen a lot of support for him this week from both sides of the aisle.And then my loser for this week is Senator Chris Murphy who brought his bipartisan border deal to the floor yesterday. It failed and did not even get support from the two other senators, the Republican and independent senators who hashed out that deal to begin with.BAIER: OK, Trey, winner and loser?GOWDY: The loser, Bryan Gillis, Louisville police officer who arrested Scottie Scheffler, failed to turn on his bodycam and has the worst misconduct record than Scheffler could ever dream of.My winner are the people of Portland who finally have a prosecutor after having to endure a fake one for so long.BAIER: OK, Matthew, winner and loser?CONTINETTI: Winners are the class of the Naval Academy in 2024. Congratulations to all. And thank you to all who serve on the front lines of freedom for this country.My loser is Northwestern University President Michael Schill who embarrassed himself while defending his actions in appeasing the pro-Hamas mob on campus in front of Congress yesterday. The president needs to go back to school, Bret, and learn some moral clarity.BAIER: There you go.I actually have a winner this week, and that is Alem Hadzic who turned his tragedy, family tragedy into strength. He gave his valedictorian speech at Early College High School after attending his father's funeral that day. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEM HADZIC: I attended his funeral today right before graduation. That's why my arms are shaking, because I had to carry him to his grave. And I can't stand up here and pretend I want to be doing this speech right now, but I can't let something slip away that he worked so hard for me to achieve.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: He said his shoes were muddy from burying his father, but his dad would want him to deliver that speech. That's some powerful stuff.You guys have a great weekend. Thank you.All right, it is Friday. It's Friday. This has been a long week, hasn't it? It's time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: It's a kangaroo court.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm much more concerned that America make the right decision than any particular judge or jury or court.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The last thing we should be doing is offering condolences to the Butcher of Iran.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That said, we regret any loss of life.SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: I don't give a flying Adam Schiff that guy is dead.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You will be remembered as the butcher of Gaza.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Enjoy your First Amendment. You wouldn't have it in Palestine.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We reject the ICC's application for arrest warrants against Israeli leaders.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We continue to see this schizophrenia of policy out of the Biden administration because they really use polling as their authority.BAIER: You say Joe Biden is the legitimately elected president.SEN. TOM COTTON, (R-AR): You know that Joe Biden is the president not just because he lives in the White House, but only Joe Biden could screw things up as badly as they are.NIKKI HALEY, (R) FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: So I will be voting for Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All my life I have been a Democrat. But we are so fed up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Our military bases are getting penetrated by foreign nationals. It's happening more and more.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No security check, no background check, you are worried about who is crossing the border.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, yes.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES, (D-NY) HOUSE MINORITY LEADER: It's nothing but puppies and rainbows on the House Democratic aucus side.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In case you hadn't noticed, the world is falling apart.LLOYD AUSTIN, DEFENSE SECRETARY: For anyone who thinks that the second installment can't be as good as the first, just think of "Top Gun Maverick."(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The Defense Secretary there at the U.S. Naval Academy. That's one week covering this place.Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, we observe Memorial Day, look at the stories of three men who lost their lives fighting for our country.Please join Shannon Bream for FOX NEWS SUNDAY. Her guests this weekend, two Florida congressmen, Republican Byron Donalds and Democrat Jared Moskowitz.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Have a great holiday weekend. Congratulations to the 2024 class from the U.S. Naval Academy. Go get them guys, and women.THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts after this.