SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Anyway, they have now released Episode Two. It follows the life of "Wild Bill" Hickok and Rough Justice and Wyatt Earp, Fox Nation. It's all the time we have. Set your DVR. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg will put a smile on your face. Thanks for being with us.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes. Yes. Yes. All right. We'll have a show then. Happy Wednesday, everyone. Let's get started.Earlier this morning, President Biden agreed to a pair of debates with former President Trump. Biden has listed some demands, including no live audience, no third-party candidates and a group of Visiting Angels on standby. But, no live crowd? I guess Joe wanted an audience of his peers. But, Trump not only agreed to the two debates, he offered a third one on Fox News with Martha MacCallum and Brett Baer as hosts. But, not to be outdone, Biden offered a fourth debate with Walter Cronkite and Peter Jennings. Meanwhile, President Biden had an odd moment at a gala in D.C. last night where he acknowledged an attendee. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Where is Arati? Where is she? Stand up, kid. I like that dress. Let them see your gown.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Let him see your gown? Well, it turns out this is who he was talking to. And that wasn't even the weirdest thing Joe said. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: They want to undo what they finally got done and then -- what we -- finally got done to make up for it. They want to -- they want to give power back to Big Pharma.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Joe, be careful what you say about Big Pharma. You're going to need him for that pre-debate adrenaline shot in your ass. What the hell? Mayor Eric Adams is suggesting migrants could solve NYC's lifeguard shortage because, quote, "they're excellent swimmers". He also said some of the men would be great surgeons because they're so good with knives. I know.The White House says it's using executive power to allow border wall construction in Texas. They're planning on saving money by employing the scaffolding previously used on Nancy Pelosi's face.Today is National Nylon Stocking Day. Yeah. Yeah. But, many New Yorkers were already celebrating. 69-year-old Gayle King is making her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue debut in a sizzling one-piece bathing suit. Other models include Randi Weingarten and the Elephant Man.Rachel Maddow mocked Trump's allies for dressing uniformly like Trump at yesterday's court appearance. This from the person who is dressed like Jason Priestley on 90210 every day for 20 years. And the 148th Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show was last night and this one best in show. Check that out. Can you see it? I haven't seen that much grooming since P Diddy's Pool Bar party.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, no.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Hashtag No Diddy.GUTFELD: Yeah. All right. Our entertainment lead are starting to realize that the dreaded virus could come back. Do I mean COVID, bird flu, Will Smith? No. It's the orange scourge Donald Trump. The latest poll numbers hit America's self-appointed tastemakers like Anne Hash for a Sunday drive. I know. On the beaches in Malibu, the slopes in Aspen in the TV studios of New York, the tantrum has commenced, and like Joy Behar's toe fungus, it's getting ugly. These are not strong people. They're coming apart like Jesse's weave on a rainy day. You should see him chasing it down Sixth Avenue. God, he is pathetic.So, while these Hollywood celebs can demand rewrites of Bambi, replacing the deer with a non-binary emotionally support Peacock, they're learning yet again that real life writes its own script. And right now, there is a new director in town and it looks like he is getting the final cut. Exhibit A, Robert De Niro, who has been playing the same angry uncle with hemorrhoids for the past decade, went on "The View" and claimed Trump will end the country as we know it. Have a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT DE NIRO, AMERICAN ACTOR & FILM PRODUCER: I don't understand why people are not taking him seriously, because you read about it historically in other countries that they didn't take the people seriously. I think a Hitler, Mussolini. But, if he gets elected, it's going to change this country with everybody. And they might think that it's going to make their life better. They just want to, excuse my French, they just want to (BEEP) put the rest of the country, literally.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: That wasn't French, by the way. But, he knows so much about history, and yet this poor old man doesn't know that Trump actually gave up power when he lost. No wonder Bobby went into acting. Reality isn't his forte, but fantasy is. Now, I don't know about you. But, when I think of keen political insight, I definitely think of the star of "Meet the Fockers" ranting to five frigid dingbats. But, like De Niro's movies, it just went on and on.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIRO: Those people who support him with anger and hate, because that's what he is about, they're going to see. I used to see these things. I didn't understand how he and Rosie O'Donnell used to get into it. I'd say I didn't really care. I see what a hateful mean spirited awful thing he is. What more do you need? It's almost like he wants to do the worst that he could possibly do to show this country to (BEEP). His slogan should be (BEEP) America.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: It's amazing that he is still thinking about Rosie O'Donnell. Is that the cause of concern, Bobby, and angry aging has been desperate to stay relevant? I'm talking about De Niro because I didn't say fat. Any more nonsense to add, Bob?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIRO: If he actually did win the election --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah.NIRO: -- it's over.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah.NIRO: We're going to have such civil strife. We're going to all the things he says, because everybody's now on to him where he projects what he is saying.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yeah.NIRO: It's what he wants, what he envisions the world to be, which is chaos and craziness, total craziness.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Will someone please show Bob a doll and have him point to the place where Trump heard him? We're going to have civil strife. Under Joe Biden, Jews can't go to class and illegals are attacking cops and getting away with it. It's amazing how this nut is focused on things that haven't happened versus things that have. Here are some things, Bob, that you don't get upset about, rising crime, violence against women, Jews and kids, illegal immigration, fentanyl, inflation, perhaps because those concerns inhabit reality and reality is not Bob's turf. And so, his mental shelf space is taken up with hypothetical calamities and old slights. No wonder he hasn't made a decent movie in decades. In his mind, Jodie Foster is still a hot 13-year-old.So, while De Niro rants, Americans are far more concerned with jobs, safety and border security, not Trump's personality. Americans are more interested in how to put food on the table, or in The View's case, how to put more food on the table. The fact is De Niro is scared much like all of Hollywood because they no longer control the narrative. The average American isn't buying what they're selling. Their influence is waning. They've learned they really aren't special, just like I told those kindergarteners at graduation.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: And it's making them impervious to their own behavior. They sound crazy to everyone but themselves.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, MSNBC HOST, "THE LAST WORD WITH LAWRENCE O'DONNELL": Donald Trump, who is so aware of everything his face is doing, leaves his face with his eyes closed, in tortured, elderly shapes when he drifts off into his closed eye space. His mouth shifts from its preferred scowl to the look of a collapsing old building. The mouth loses all shape. The lips become unrecognizable by the wrinkled curves that they take under those closed eyes. The old man sitting there in the defendant's chair, head tilted back to the right, eyes closed, made it look like a trial at a nursing home. If he were found like that in his chair at a table in the nursing home during lunch, he would be immediately checked for signs of life.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Enough about your viewers, Larry, half of whom died while you were talking just now. And this is from a guy who is five years younger than Trump. But, that's insanity. You can't see it when you're in it and that's why they look crazy. But, we don't. Why is that? Perhaps it is because we have lives outside of politics and lives outside of Trump and they don't, and their irrationality only persuades dopes also prone to irrationality, which explains why normal men are fleeing the party like it's a Lizzo Kissing Booth, which brings us to Sunny Hostin, the hottest member of "The View" since Barbara Walters died.TIMPF: Oh my god.GUTFELD: Here is her analysis of Trump in the courtroom.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SUNNY HOSTIN, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": I was in the courtroom again --JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, "THE VIEW": Yeah.HOSTIN: -- yesterday. Yes, thank you. He appeared orange in an unnatural way. I've never seen anyone that orange before. He is not asleep. He is enraged. And that's why I think he is so orange because I think it is red underneath. I saw him during Michael Cohen's testimony sort of going like this. And I guessed, oh, here is he is sleeping anyway. That is what's happening. So, that --BEHAR: You know, my dog does that when he is sleeping.HOSTIN: While he is sleeping?BEHAR: Yeah.HOSTIN: He is not sleeping.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Joy is playing dead so you won't eat him. But, that's impressive. ABC actually sent her to the trial, and all she got out of it was he is orange. How deep? I've seen smarter heads on golf clubs. She can only focus on Trump's skin color. I guess the apple doesn't fall far from the slaveholder's tree. Was it her grandparents, I guess? But, they're all a mess. These hacks are falling apart like Bette Midler's vibrator from years of overuse. Look, Black & Decker just don't make them like they used to. But, they're unhinged because Trump shattered their narrative. For years, they painted him as the villain in their story. The story in which they, of course, are the heroes.They thought the third act was over and the credits were rolling. The villain was vanquished and our hero rides off into the sunset. But, they didn't account for Trump's popularity among average Americans, the people who actually work for a living. It's the plot twist they didn't see coming. And understand America, that's why they also hate you, because if a guy who gets you is elected President of their country, then they weren't really that special to begin with. Were they? You ignored them in 2016, forcing them to take a look in the mirror, which is terrifying when your industry is based on looks.Let's welcome tonight's guests. His comedy is as clean as the white chintz wears at the rally, Fox News Contributor Tom Shillue. She is as hot as her kids when she leaves them in a parked car, Fox News Anchor Julie Banderas. She is like a pinata wherever she is at birthday parties. Children want to hit her with bats, New York Times bestselling author and Fox News Contributor Kat Timpf. And his stands are like a lovely spring day, bright in 72, New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA world champion, Tyrus.(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Tom, as a white supremacist with major anger management issues, can you relate to the anger that De Niro was expressing?TOM SHILLUE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I've really -- it's quite amazing to watch him because you see him and he doesn't seem that bright.GUTFELD: Yeah.SHILLUE: But, you know he is, because when you see his movies, he is a great actor, and it takes a certain amount of intelligence to be an actor. But, it doesn't mean you're smart in other areas.GUTFELD: Yeah.SHILLUE: He is obviously he has lost it and I don't understand it. He went to the Hitler and Mussolini.GUTFELD: Yeah.SHILLUE: But then they never -- it's like I want to hear the ways he is like Hitler. He is not like Hitler.GUTFELD: Yeah.SHILLUE: I mean, Hitler loved war. Trump hates war.GUTFELD: Right.SHILLUE: Hitler blamed everything on the Jews. I don't think Trump blames everything on the Jews.GUTFELD: Yeah.SHILLUE: Hitler had that cute little mustache. Trump doesn't have that.GUTFELD: Yes.SHILLUE: So --GUTFELD: Which was a Charlie Chaplin mustache.SHILLUE: Yes.GUTFELD: Who is an actor like that?SHILLUE: And the idea that he is not going to leave. This is the other thing they say, what he said, he said it. Well, he is not going to leave. But, he left before? Like, do they know he was President?GUTFELD: Yeah.SHILLUE: And he has been in Florida for the past four years. And we have proof that he left because he packed those boxes.GUTFELD: Yes.SHILLUE: You don't pack boxes if you're not planning to leave.GUTFELD: Yeah.SHILLUE: So, he obviously made the plan.GUTFELD: Yeah. It is funny, Julie, that like I think when you're into the - - in this insanity, whether it's temporary or not, you lose all self- awareness. So, he doesn't understand how irrational he has become.JULIE BANDERAS, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: No, not at all. But, what I think and what I most am critical of is the fact that the women on "The View" did nothing to actually counter this. So, it's just such a one-sided argument. There was no balance whatsoever. I think it's irresponsible, but, of course, not shocking that ABC lets this stuff go on the air. They knew that he was going to come on, on a more mission. Right?GUTFELD: Yeah.BANDERAS: And they knew -- and they were not armed. Now is the whole thing, and it kind of just goes to show that this is what you get when you watch mainstream media. You're never going to get pushed back. And of course, he is going to come on there. And he is talking about how Trump says all these angry things. So, calling him Mussolini and Hitler, that's like a kind thing. Like, hey, buddy, you remind me of a Jew killer. Have a nice day. I mean, what the hell is that? That's supposed to be not hateful?GUTFELD: Yeah. A lot of people that don't know history are going to go maybe Hitler wasn't a bad guy because everybody is getting compared to him.BANDERAS: Yeah.GUTFELD: You know what I noticed? When people grab clips of us and they put it online, and they say, well, we're wrong, we might be wrong, but we don't look or sound crazy because we're actually having fun. But, why is it when you see these things, you realize they're nuts?TIMPF: First of all, Bette Midler, I'm sorry, but there is zero chance that she cannot afford to buy as many vibrators as she wants.GUTFELD: Yes. But, she keeps losing them.TIMPF: She buys.TYRUS: She is a national treasure. Do not (inaudible). She is my daughter's favorite witch and a Halloween thing, like --GUTFELD: I don't even.TYRUS: -- beneath my wings. Get it together, Gutfeld.GUTFELD: All right.TYRUS: Sorry.TIMPF: And she wanted to her vibrators could have vibrators. But, anyway, now that I got that very important point out of the way --GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: -- I think that there is a -- I think that maybe they only hang out with each other, and people who agree with them and have this view, because they don't understand that there is a whole range of views. It's not just people that think like they do and then people who were like at January 6. Right?GUTFELD: Yes. Yeah.TIMPF: There is a whole different range of people. There might be people who thought January 6 was bad, but maybe don't think about it all day long. Think about other stuff, other stuff that affects them more in their daily lives. They don't think -- some people don't even like Trump, but are like what things are really expensive now, and that's affecting me. So, I think that when it's just all of this like super impassioned, and they're almost trying to outdo each other --GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: -- with how -- and it's getting harder because they've gone so far already. It's getting harder, but they're trying to kind of outdo each other with how hard they're going to go. And I don't know if they expose themselves to people who think differently along that spectrum. So, I don't think they see how it looks to other people who might think different.GUTFELD: That's true. They're in their own bubble.But, Tyrus, it's weird, though, because we are -- we could say that we're in a bubble, but we kind of stick our heads out of the bubble and look. I always think that like we can tell when we're being silly or obnoxious. I don't think they can tell what's going on.TYRUS: Because it's personal for them. It's not personal for us.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: We tell some jokes. We give our thoughts and opinions. And then we go home to people who don't care about our thoughts or opinions.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: We are normal.BANDERAS: Precisely.TYRUS: He is so true. When I walk in my door, I'd be like, hey, who wants to hear about --GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: -- take the trash out? Which one gets spanked? OK? Like, no one cares.GUTFELD: No one cares.TYRUS: Gray (ph) doesn't call me (inaudible) segment for I'm little -- little nervous. I'm not getting my point across. Can we get online right now? And we got to get it out there. It's emotional. And when you're emotional, you can't handle things. That's why Scarborough falls apart. And maybe now is a good time for someone to lean into, like, you're really bad at improv (ph).GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: Stop saying Trump is like --GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: -- like there is no follow-through. But, it's personal. And they had a -- I call. I text you today on "The Five" and I was telling you the fix is on --GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: -- when it take -- when you have 30 takes, 30 takes to say make my day, you're not going to debate. OK? When you just did a speech when you said stand up, I want to recognize, get down. Like, bring her up like this -- that's not debating (BEEP). Like, listen, again, I feel like it's like you need the black point of view here from someone like when courts are (BEEP) up and all of a sudden the prosecutor starts planning things ahead of time, or all of a sudden the group is against you with suddenly announcing a date they're willing to do it's because you're going to be busy on the 27th, Mr. Trump. Like they -- I feel like they feel like everything is going the way they want because it's personal. You might be busy on Wednesdays. You know I'm saying?GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: Like just watch the -- if you can stomach through the -- like when they see this tonight, they'll be like 47 cuts in me saying this.GUTFELD: All right. We got to move on. The debate stage is set, but will Biden forget?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Did Joe seal this fate by agreeing to debate? Today, Joe Biden said he will debate Donald Trump twice and he promises to be alive for at least one of them. So, assuming he continues to cheat death, there will be one debate in June which would be the earliest head-to-head debate ever, and again, in September before early voting starts. An old Joe made the announcement on X.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Donald Trump lost two debates to me in 2020 and since then he hadn't shown up for a debate. Now he is acting like he wants to debate me again. Well, make my day, Pal. I'll even do it twice. So, let's pick the dates, Donald. I hear you're free on Wednesdays.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Move over Dirty Harry and meet Dirty Diaper. That was Biden throwing down the gauntlet when usually the only thing Joe throws down was that towel to mop up his accidents. But, the real story here, the many times they had to splice Joe's video together in order to get a single thought. Rachel Levine makes less cuts while shaving her beard. Play it again.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Donald Trump lost two debates to me in 2020 and since then he hadn't shown up for a debate. Now he is acting like he wants to debate me again. Well, make my day, Pal. I'll even do it twice. So, let's pick the dates, Donald. I hear you're free on Wednesdays.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Five cuts just to get a 13-second video. I guess they had to edit it out all the times. He is sharded (ph), lost consciousness and flatlined. Meanwhile, Trump already agreed to the debates, telling Fox Digital quote, "I'm ready to go. The dates that they proposed are fine, anywhere, anytime, anyplace. I will provide my own transportation."TYRUS: I'll drive.GUTFELD: That's Donald, what a guy, providing his own transportation. That's smart. You don't want to rely on Democrats to get you there. You'll end up in a lake. All right. I know. Terrible, right? So, what has Joe got to say?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, let's do this. (BEEP). Oh, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Donald Trump wants to debate me in 2020, 2020. Why do I say that number twice? Now, he is like he wants to debate me again. When you (BEEP) say that line, point to yourself (BEEP) so they know what you're talking about you. Oh, don't say that line. No. it's like maybe he wants to debate me again. I wonder Twin Towers activating. (BEEP). Make my day, pal. Can I tell the CornPop (ph) story here? Let me do CornPop, please. I will even do it twice. So, let's pick the debates, Donald. Let's (BEEP) pick the dates. Let's pick the dates -- the debates, Donald to any day.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Julie, I don't believe conspiracies, but there is something -- do you believe this is actually happening, or is this just being pushed at only to be withdrawn?BANDERAS: I am crying. My contact lens and my lashes are falling out. Oh my god. I don't even know what your question just was. But, I was going to --GUTFELD: Do you think this is real?BANDERAS: No. Well, this very real, but unfortunately, so is Joe Biden. I mean, that is such a perfect impersonation. I mean, that is Joe Biden. Lawrence O'Donnell is making fun of Trump ping dead and asleep and core. I mean, have they watched these clips? They should. I'm sure they watched the show. You know they do. But, you know what I think is brilliant is the fact that Biden is like, oh, let's go, man. We're going to go into these two debates. Two debates. Yeah. They're being held by CNN and ABC. Are you freaking kidding me?GUTFELD: Yeah. BANDERAS: ABC, who just had Robert De Niro on there, slamming Trump, they are going to be responsible for delivering the voters a proper bipartisan questionnaire --GUTFELD: Yeah.BANDERAS: -- to this -- to these two candidates and get fair questions out there. I mean --GUTFELD: Jake Tapper and Dana Bash, they're like really objective when it comes to Trump.BANDERAS: Yeah. They are.GUTFELD: Holy crap.BANDERAS: Yeah.GUTFELD: All right, Kat. Do you -- I don't -- I will save the conspiracy question to you because you brought it up. Do you -- what do you make of the edits?TIMPF: Yeah. It is wild. But, I also do kind of think Republicans might be playing this badly in terms of setting the bar really low.GUTFELD: I set that on "The Five".TIMPF: Well, I get it because I -- look, I get it to some extent. Right?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: But, if you're coming out like Biden is going to crap his pants so hard, he is going to fall over --GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: -- and mutter -- start muttering about, then it's like if he manages to at least maybe not like audibly (BEEP) himself --GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: I mean, like --GUTFELD: I would poke fun.TIMPF: -- three coherent sentences and stand the whole and he has done well. He is going to come out of it --BANDERAS: Yeah.TIMPF: -- looking like a victorious underdog, especially because it's something that I've mentioned before, but I will mention it again, in a lot of times, Biden's greatest strength is his weakness. It's really hard to look like you're not bullying someone if you're debating.GUTFELD: True.TIMPF: I mean, the other guy you're debating is just sitting there like -- like it's --GUTFELD: No. It's true. It's true.TIMPF: It's (inaudible).GUTFELD: And also, it's like, oh, God, he did better than we thought.TIMPF: Yeah. Exactly.GUTFELD: You start thinking maybe it's like your grandfather or your great- grandfather, or your great-grandfather was a pervert.Tyrus, so, we were -- I mentioned something on "The Five" and then you texted me, and you were saying that you think that the fix is in --TYRUS: Well, it's on.GUTFELD: -- that they know that the verdict is guilty in New York. So, they're doing this knowing they don't --TYRUS: They're playing -- this -- Republicans, we can't play with the lead. Democrats don't know how to do (BEEP) quietly. So, they're -- oh, I challenge. Just out of nowhere, all of a sudden, there was nothing a specific date, June 27. It's on.GUTFELD: Yeah.TYRUS: Tough guy. Cut, tape, cut, for a reason. The jury will probably -- the prosecution should probably rest Friday, Greg, so we don't have to worry about going into the weekend. Then the defense, they're not going to call, I think maybe one witness. Then they'll hit him, guilty. Let's not even -- we know it's coming. And then, oh, he's getting arraigned on the 27th, or oh, he can't leave the state of New York on the 27th. It's going to be something where, and then we'll have Joe standing at a podium going where is he? If he don't -- that up.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: And then -- no, for real. But just watch any -- villain movie. They are playing this out. They're really hoping because their only prayer is said he's guilty, and that he's caught up with all this stuff. And I'm sure another miraculous 75,000 charges will rain down from somewhere. He didn't tip the ice cream man in 1967 and this whole emotional thing there. But they will find something. But Joe when he gave a specific date, there was a reason for that. And watch what happens around that time. That's all I'm saying. The fix is in.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes. What do you think of the conditions? No live audience, right?SHILLUE: It is very interesting. However, I feel like Trump seems very confident with this. And it's so funny the way that he doesn't do anything in the normal way. That's one thing everybody agrees on. And you are supposed to play this expectations game. That's what everybody always does. My opponent is a great debater but I'm going to do my best against that great debate. But Trump just today, he said I'll be surprised if he makes it to the podium.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: So he's not going to play that game. He doesn't care about expectations. And I think he knows he could do well in this situation. I think the limitations would help Trump, because Trump, he is at his best at a Republican debate. That is where he excels with a live audience and he crushes people. But he is at his weakest when he has that kind of general election and it's in front of a live audience. And also, Joe Biden is the interrupter. Joe Biden is the one who says give me a break man, and white supremacy, and all this stuff. He's always doing the interrupting.If they have actually silence, if they silence the mics and they have to give straight answers and he's against the CNN anchor, Trump actually knows he does well again CNN people. When you watch him against Jake Tapper, you watch him or when he does "60 Minutes," he does pretty well in those hostile environments. So I think without the audience it would be a tamer Trump, which is going to help him in the general election.GUTFELD: All right, where there you go.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Up next, New York's chief fool thinks illegals should work at the pool.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE) GUTFELD: Migrants needed to save swimmers. Roll it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS, (D) NEW YORK CITY: How do we have a large body of people that are in our city and country that are excellent swimmers, and at the same time we need lifeguards. And the only obstacle is that we won't give them the right to work to become a lifeguard. That just doesn't make sense.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Kat, that's Mayor Eric Adams suggesting illegal aliens could be able to work as lifeguards to solve the lifeguard shortage. Some people called it racist. I just call it stupid and sad. What say you?TIMPF: He came really close to having a good point, which is kind of sad, because I do think that there's open jobs. I think that migrants should be able to work. I think that people want to come here, nonviolent, you want to contribute to the economy, that's a great thing.I was confused, he said who are excellent swimmers. And the woman next to him is shaking her head, like yes, they are. Did I miss something?(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Is this something that everybody knows.GUTFELD: All these illegals are great swimmers. As Jesse says, have you seen their gold medals?TIMPF: And also the knowing nod when he said great swimmers next to him. I didn't know if this was something that I, perhaps, was missing where there's this knowledge when I see, oh, yes, all the best swimmers.GUTFELD: They swam to get here, I guess. Is that what he thinks?You know what's funny? I was once a lifeguard at a pool. I don't know how I feel about them trying to steal my job that I had.TYRUS: To be fair you were just in charge of the shallow end.GUTFELD: Yes.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: You're welcome.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: It's really cool right now to be black, because we can be as racist as we want to be and everyone will call us heroes.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: So it's like he's literally -- he's attacking other groups now. I heard they are good swimmers.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Like, wow, we can say it. And she's like go ahead, man, say it. I'd say that, too, because right now we can get away with it, and so they are getting away with it. It's just never been thrown back on. It's never been thrown back on the left where the left brother is dissing on their newcomers. So their heads are about to explode. I love it. Keep it going, bro, push the envelope. Let's see how far you can go, Eric, because his frustration is to the point of name-calling.And I agree, he should be screaming names, because we're seeing there's not assimilation. They're like, oh, we get this, we can get a car, we get a credit card, we get a hotel. Work for what? So I love the fact that he's saying this stuff, because the left has been saying it to me for the last eight years every time I show up on TV. So now they're getting it back. Phenomenal. Let's just all be racist together.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Tom, being a lifeguard is actually a lot of responsibility. You have to enforce rules. Don't run, young man. Put some lotion on my back.TIMPF: What pool did you go to?(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: It was a short run.GUTFELD: Yes. I had a lot of rules.TIMPF: It was a kiddie pool.SHILLUE: They are good at blowing whistles, though, Greg, we all know that.Well, I don't know if what he said was offensive, but it wasn't true. Have you ever been down to the border? Not all of them can swim, Greg.GUTFELD: People try to save them.SHILLUE: They sink a lot.GUTFELD: They are droning.TYRUS: You messed up, man. You said all of them. Bye.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: They are not sending their best swimmers.SHILLUE: No. Some of them have to go back.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It is amazing. It is crazy, because this is like -- there's actually a derogatory term about illegal immigrants coming from Mexico that has to do with water. So if a Republican had said this, Julie -- would you care to say that word?BANDERAS: Could you imagine if a white supremacist like Tom Shillue were a mayor, and he said something like that? Well, they are good swimmers. No, that would absolutely be unacceptable. But because he is a black mayor, he's allowed to say that. That was the most racist things you could possibly say, but it's OK because he's black.TYRUS: I prove that point. See what I'm saying. This is a good time.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: We must move on.Coming up, what the hell was Blinken thinking?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: It comes to us from Ukraine where Secretary of State Antony Blinken had himself a little jam session after meeting with officials to reassure them that Uncle Sam will continue funding their seemingly endless war. Unfortunately, he couldn't take requests from the audience since most of them are dead.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(MUSIC)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Keep on rockin' in the free world. Keep on rockin' in the free world.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Wow, he updated Nero and his fiddle.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Thank God Neil Young is not alive to see this.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Tyrus, he knew this video would come out, right? He knows if he does it's going to be filmed. Does he just not care, or think it's a good look?TYRUS: I'm just confused because I have to work extra jobs to cover the taxes to get money over there to help them in this fight, and apparently it's karaoke night in Ukraine.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Like, what is going on? Are we in a war over there or not? But again, this is the problem with this administration. Wherever they go they have fun. Nobody else does.GUTFELD: That's true.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: He's singing songs about the free world, and their like, sir, I haven't seen half my family in six months because they're behind enemy lines. You got a song for that, bro? He doesn't. This is the thing. You got time for that? I want my money back.GUTFELD: Tom, ironically, it's called "Keep on Rockin' in the Free World" as Ukraine suspends their elections indefinitely. And the song is, by the way, not a salute to America.SHILLUE: No, it's a critique of America and war. I wonder if Neil Young is going to take this off the Spotify war playlist. But the real thing that offended me. The guitar was bad enough. Then he comes in on the chorus, and he sings it down an octave like a church dad. He's like a "Keep on Rockin' in the Free World."(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Like a church dad.TYRUS: Is there ever a case where being called "church dad" is a good thing?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I'll play the church dad.Julie, does this offend you, upset you, or just go like -- I don't know. I find it weird that there are a bunch of people dying, and --BANDERAS: If he was doing it here in the United States at a bar it would be OK. But I thought this was very distasteful. And the song that he is singing is odd. His singing was disturbing as well, but that wasn't even the point. He's singing about a free world. He's rubbing it in Ukrainians faces because they have not been free for so long. And this is a representation of America? It's embarrassing.GUTFELD: They were celebrating all the money that we sent them. Kat, you've often said the power of music can heal anything. Actually, you've never said that.TIMPF: I was like, you were talking to someone else.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Does this bother you?TIMPF: Yes, it's one of those things where you see it and you're like, it's OK. I wouldn't pay for it, but the problem is I am.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: And there's just all this talk all the time of you can't make cuts anywhere in the government. And it's like, not only do we have to pay for this war, we also have to fly people to go sing at it.GUTFELD: Yes. We paid for that. How much do want to bet we paid for that - -TIMPF: Of course we did.TYRUS: No kidding. That's what I just said.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I'm sorry. I was thinking about food.TYRUS: Sorry, Kat.GUTFELD: Up next, at what age is there a dip in feeling hip?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Five more words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Being cool ending at 39. Let's go to the coolest guy, Tom Shillue.SHILLUE: Yes.GUTFELD: A new study finds that 49 percent of Americans feel uncool by the time they are 39. Sixty percent of Americans are confident they know what's cool. Do you know what's cool? And please don't say white power again.(LAUGHTER)SHILLUE: I do know what's cool, and I love the story because I went and I actually read the study. And the interesting thing about this is the study never mentioned anything about cool. They asked people what they were familiar with and what they were into, what they were interested in. And at 39 people were no longer interested in music or celebrities or any of those things.The journalists writing about this study used the word "cool." That shows you journalists think that knowing about things is cool. But when you're 39, you realize knowing about things isn't cool. Celebrities aren't cool. Movies aren't cool. What's cool is you, your life.GUTFELD: That's beautiful, white supremacist.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Julie, I think what Tom was saying is the definition of "cool" is not caring what people think is cool. So the people defining this are actually the un-coolest people on the planet.BANDERAS: When I eventually become 39 years old I'm no longer going to --(LAUGHTER)BANDERAS: What the hell was that?TYRUS: You're going to be 39 three more times.BANDERAS: I'm not going to give a -- when I get to that age, because what is there to care about at that point? You've already had kids. You've been married, maybe divorced once or twice. There's nothing to care about anymore. Your life is almost over.(LAUGHTER)BANDERAS: I'm far away from that number, thank God.GUTFELD: The eternal optimist Julie Banderas.Kat, they feel uncool by the time they are 39. So you've got a few years, too, maybe.TIMPF: Four. You know how old I am.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Yes, imagine caring. Imagine caring. Like, you're cool, I'm cool. OK, loser. Go find someone who loves you.GUTFELD: It's true. It's true, Tyrus. People trying to be cool usually are the -- you know what's good. You mentioned him before -- Joe Scarbrough. Remember he started a band and he was singing. And it was like so -- he was trying so hard.TYRUS: He's always trying.GUTFELD: Yes.TYRUS: He just needs to stop. We saw what the very definition of uncool was. We had a creepy old man, Lawrence -- what's his name?GUTFELD: Lawrence O'Donnell.TYRUS: Yes, him reading a bedtime story to one of you kids. My God, man, like stop.If you ever have to ask if you are cool, just rewind yourself back to the early days of your childhood in high school where you asked that same question. What happened after that? Probably was a wedgie, maybe the inside of a locker room.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: My preferred one was to hang them on the door. You know what I'm saying, I'll put you up there. Close it.GUTFELD: Yes. I've been up there many times.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Jokes on them. I liked being up there.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: I run so fast up here. Look how fast my arms and legs are.GUTFELD: This is the funnest I've ever hanging from here. And you know what, give me a wedgie. I itch.(LAUGHTER)TYRUS: Yes, Gutfeld is undefeated in fistfights also because he fights naked.GUTFELD: Give me a swirly. I love it.TYRUS: Can you just imagine that? The bully is like, I need to go rethink my life.GUTFELD: More purple nurples. I've got a third nipple on my back.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, we'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thanks to Tom Shillue, Julie Banderas, Timpf, Tyrus, studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)