TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: . your support and thank you. Guys, it had been great to be on the show with all of you guys this week.GUY BENSON, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CONTRIBUTOR: Well, and your book got a big shout out moments ago on Truth Social from Donald Trump.BRUCE: Wow.BENSON: Congratulations on that.BRUCE: Amazing.All right, that does it for us. We'll see you next weekend. LIFE LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday.Welcome. We have two great guests tonight. We have Congressman Michael Waltz, and excellent lawyer, Alan Dershowitz.But before we get to them, you know, I'm watching Joe Biden, I am listening to Joe Biden or not. The speech he gave the other night about the horrendous Jew hatred and antisemitism swelling in the country and anti- Americanism was contemptible. Absolutely contemptible.And then I got the thinking, you know, I'm not the youngest guy on Fox and I grew up in the Reagan era, and I worked in the Reagan administration.I worked on the confirmation of Robert Bork. I saw what he did as Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. I saw what he was saying about the Israelis, about Ronald Reagan, and other people. This is a diabolical, evil, nasty man, and I want to give you a taste of it.NBC News: A couple of years back. Joe Biden didn't just compromise with segregationists, he fought for their cause and schools, experts say. This is NBC, which of course loves Biden.In a 1975 Senate hearing, the legendary Civil Rights lawyer Jack Greenberg had something to say to freshman Senator Joe Biden, Greenberg, longtime director of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund took Biden to task for sponsoring a bill that would limit the power of courts to order school desegregation with busing.It was a move that followed the wishes of many of Biden's White constituents in Delaware. The bill he said heaves a brick through the window of school integration, said Greenberg, one of the lawyers who won the Brown versus Board of Education case that ended legal school segregation 21 years earlier.And according to Greenberg, Biden was the man with his hand on the brick. Political experts and education policy researchers say Biden, a supporter of Civil Rights in other arenas did not simply compromise with segregationists, he also led the charge on an issue that kept Black students away from classrooms of White students.His legislative work against school integration advanced a more palatable version of the separate, but equal doctrine and undermined the nation's short-lived effort at educational equality, legislative and education history, experts say.Joe Biden: Racism and segregation, if it was good for Joe Biden, if it would get him votes, he would support it. Here we have the Gazette. We must never forget. Joe Biden wants Americans to remember their country's racist legacy. They say while we should take his advice, their advice is as follows:There were 37 members said Biden, of the House of Representatives who were open members of the Klan. There were five, if I'm not mistaken, it could have been seven, I think it was five members of the United States Senate, open members of the Klan.Millions of White Americans belonged to the Klan and they weren't even embarrassed by it. They were proud of it, said Biden in a speech. Right, and Biden seem proud of them. He sided with notorious segregationists to oppose integrated busing, saying in 1977, he didn't want his White children to grow up in a jungle, the jungle being a "racial jungle."Biden called Senator Robert Byrd a friend. At Byrd's funeral, Biden called him a mentor and he was a guide. Even more, Byrd elevated the Senate he said. This is a man who knew exactly what he was doing, Biden said while he eulogized Byrd, Biden has praised or boasted about friendship with at least six segregationists that would include Byrd, Talmage of Georgia, Eastland and Stennis of Mississippi. That's four and there were two others, lecturing the American people talking about us as if we were the White supremacists and racists when he was, and he did it for votes and he did it for politics.Here's a piece from our friend Marc Thiessen of "The Washington Post" a couple of years back. President Biden wants credit for nominating the first Black woman to the Supreme Court, but here's the shameful irony.As a senator, Biden warned President George W. Bush, that if he nominated the first Black woman to serve on the Supreme Court, he would filibuster and kill her nomination.The story begins in 2003 when Bush nominated Judge Janice Rogers Brown has served on the US Court of Appeals for DC, considered the country's second most important court and has produced more Supreme Court justices than any other federal court.Brown was immediately hailed as a potential Supreme Court nominee.Well, Biden did what he does best, character assassination. He tried to destroy her. He filibustered her. He blocked her because he didn't want George Bush getting credit for potentially the first Black woman nominee to the US Supreme Court.Although Biden called the filibuster, the relic of Jim Crow, he threatened to use that against the Black woman who actually lived under Jim Crow. That's Brown.And who was this woman? She was the daughter and granddaughter of sharecroppers, grew up in rural Alabama during the dark days of segregation, where her family refused to enter restaurants or theaters with separate entrances for Black customers.She rose from poverty and put herself through college in UCLA law school as a working single mother. She was a self-made African-American legal star, but she was an outspoken conservative. So Biden set out to destroy her.Clarence Thomas' "Created Equal." Clarence Thomas, in his own words: He lashes out at the Democrats, and Biden, who chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee and oversaw his confirmation process. Among other things, he says: Do I have like stupid written on my back of my shirt? I mean, come on, we know what this is all about. That is the effort to destroy him.People should just tell the truth. This is the wrong Black guy. He has to be destroyed. Just say it, that now we're at least honest with each other.The idea was to get rid of me, and then after I was there, it was to undermine me. While Thomas doesn't mention Biden by name, he is asked by filmmakers to respond directly to Biden's line of questioning during the hearings on his use of natural law.I have no idea what he was talking about. I understood what he was trying to do. I didn't really appreciate it. Natural law was nothing more than a way of tricking me into talking about abortion.This Biden is a sleaze. He has been a cancer on the body politic from the day he walked into the US Senate. Look what he did to Robert Bork, one of the most renowned brilliant legal scholars in the history of this country.John Paul Stevens who has a very liberal appointee to the Supreme Court by Gerald Ford, the longest serving liberal justice in modern times has lamented the treatment of a conservative judge prevented from joining him on the Supreme Court by Joe Biden. The failed Supreme Court nomination of Robert Bork changed public perceptions of would-be jurists, seen now more for their political views than legal experience and qualifications, says retired Justice John Paul Stevens.I've always ranked him (meaning Bork) as the most persuasive solicitor general who represented the United States before the Supreme Court. While I was a justice, I thought and still think he was eminently qualified for the position. Of course, President Reagan nominated him.Then Senator Joe Biden, he was the chairman of the committee presided over Bork's confirmation hearings and is viewed as having helped lay the groundwork for a hyper political nomination battles that persist today. Joe Biden destroyed the confirmation system in the Senate. He unleashed the filibuster against judges and judicial nominees, really in a major way and the first time in American history.Before Bork was nominated to the High Court, Biden said he would support his nomination for the Supreme Court. But Biden reversed his position as Senate Democrats and liberal groups opposed Bork and launched a campaign to derail his nomination, to smear him, to character assassinate him.The confirmation battle set up stage for ideological wars over Supreme Court nominees ever since. They've centered on traditional philosophy rather than on a qualifications and give rise to the verb "to Bork" defined by Merriam-Webster dictionary as to attack or defeat unfairly through an organized campaign of harsh public criticism or vilification.The tactics of Bork's opponents included misstatements about his views. (This is Justice Stevens speaking) any certain amount of unfair comment on his character, motivated in part by a fear that disapproval might lead to the reexamination and possible overturning of Roe v. Wade, Stevens wrote.What about Reagan? What did Reagan think of Joe Biden? Reagan was a very kind man. Well, the Reagan administration has adopted a foreign policy of unwise intervention and rigid ideology which has failed in the Soviet Union, Nicaragua and South Africa. Democratic presidential contender, Joseph Biden said yesterday at the Kennedy School of Government (this is 1987).Biden, who will officially announce his candidacy said that Reagan had lost the confidence of both the American people and the Western European nations by sponsoring, "military adventures" around the world by avoiding normal foreign policy channels.He said military interventionism as embodied in the Reagan Doctrine is in tatters. It has led to the deceiving of our allies, trading arms to terrorists, circumventing Congress and most profoundly losing the confidence of the American people and our European allies.One of the greatest presidents in American history who destroyed the Soviet Union, who pushed communism out of our hemisphere. This is Joe Biden, who is a disaster in so many respects -- foreign policy at the top.Biden said that American foreign policy has failed to adapt to changing realities and has instead been characterized by outdated approaches to the Soviet Union and world problems, particularly in Central America and South Africa. That's Biden attacking Reagan.What did Reagan think? President Joe Biden is absolutely right (writer in "The Washington Examiner, Quin Hillyer) to make a case now on behalf of arming Ukraine, but the way he chose to do it was hypocritical as can be.Biden used as a model of behavior the late President Ronald Reagan's famous speech in the Gipper in Berlin said "Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall."One problem, Biden at the time hated that speech, you heard it. He said it was dangerous rhetoric. In Reagan's personal diaries, the Gipper rarely mentions Biden, but after his Berlin Wall speech, Reagan was infuriated by Biden, who at the time was in a race for president that would fizzle to nothingness when Biden repeatedly lied about his heritage in his resume.Biden had blasted Reagan's speech and the Reagan Doctrine of arming people willing to fight for their own freedom against autocratic regimes.In his diaries, Reagan wrote there was some talk about Senator Biden, now candidate for president. I saw him on CNN last night speaking to the JFK School of Harvard University, he is smooth, but pure demagogue, out to save America from the Reagan Doctrine.Reagan was right. Biden is a pure demagogue and always has been.Robert Gates, served under every president since Nixon say Bill Clinton, what did Gates say, and I paraphrase, Biden has been wrong about foreign policy and national security in every major respect for 40 years. That's close enough We all know it to be true.What about Biden's treatment of the state of Israel? Oh, he loves Israel. Oh my gosh. Decades of it. Great piece by Barry Shaw in Israel, "Hayom." Joe Biden is once again at loggerheads with Israel, he wrote just a few weeks ago, this has been brewing for decades, Biden infamously admitted telling Benjamin Netanyahu Bibi, I love you, but I don't agree with a damn thing you say.Biden seems to have learned nothing from his personal contentious relationship with Israel going back decades. Biden's animus towards Israel has not been confined to Netanyahu.Biden's long and contentious relationship with Israel goes back to June 1982 when as senator, he threatened another Israeli prime minister, we've talked about this, Menachem Begin with holding back US aid to Israel which cause Begin to respond, in other words, just like he is blackmailing Netanyahu, just like he's behind the ICC effort to issue an arrest warrant against the prime minister of Israel.This is his modus operandi. You can see throughout his life on the Senate floor with the racists, you can see what he's done to the Senate Judiciary Committee, how he attacked Reagan and Bork and Thomas and not just attacked them, he character assassinated them.And when Begin said, don't threaten us with cutting off your aid, it won't work. I'm not a Jew with trembling knees. I am a proud Jew with 3,700 years of civilized history. Nobody came to our aid when we were dying in the gas chambers and ovens. Nobody came to our aid when we were striving to create our country. We paid for it. We fought for it. We died for it. We'll stand by our principles. We will defend them and when necessary, we will die for them again, with or without your aid, he says to Biden.Eyeball to eyeball, 1982, Senator Biden reportedly banged on the table with his fist to which Begin retorted, this desk is designed for writing, not for fists. Don't threaten us with slashing aid. You think that because the US lends us money, it is entitled to impose on us what they think we must do. We are grateful for the assistance we have received, but we are not to be threatened.I am a proud Jew, 3,000 years of culture behind me and you will not frighten me with threats. Take note, we do not want a single soldier of yours to die for us. It seems Biden failed to learn from that experience as a fledgling senator, Biden made his first visit to Israel in 1972, just days before the Arab attack against Israel from the Yom Kippur War.Biden visited a worried Golda Meir (then the prime minister) having come from Egypt, and according to one official who was present at the meeting, Biden told a tensed Israeli prime minister, don't worry, Egypt is not preparing for war against the Jewish state because as he put it, they accepted Israel's military superiority.Biden was wrong, again, 40 days later, Egypt, Syria, and Jordan launched their war against the Jewish state, on Judaism's holiest day, Biden had been deceived by the Arabs and brought a deceptive message to Israel. Some people are saying he's doing the same thing today.As vice president in the final days of the Obama presidency, Biden played a key role in delivering the anti-Israel vote in the UN Security Council Resolution 2334, December 23, 2016, which in its deceptive language cast Israel's illegally occupying land in 1967 that had been illegally occupied by Jordan since the Arab War of 1948 on territory that had been granted to Israel by virtue of a majority vote for the UN Partition Plan Resolution.This was Obama's stab in Israel's back as they were preparing to leave the White House after their defeat at the hands of Donald Trump. Obama has been upset by Prime Minister Netanyahu's vocal challenge to the Obama-Biden disastrous appeasement policy toward a nuclear ambitious Iran.Biden's role in this duplicitous diplomatic move was delivering the votes for Obama who deliberately failed to apply the US veto to a damagingly anti-Israel bill, he effectively supported.The name calling, the character assassination. "New York Post," a month- and-a-half ago, Biden called Netanyahu a bad effing guy.He is undermining Netanyahu with the international community, publicly and privately. He is undermining Netanyahu's government. He is now backing the ICC, this corrupt left-wing European court that is planning to issue an arrest warrant against Netanyahu. All he has to do is say no, Biden, but he won't. Why? Because he is behind it.But Biden does praise certain people. This is from "The Daily Beast." Biden praises fighter, Rashida Tlaib, promises to keep her family safe. This is a Marxist, Islamist, America-hating, Jew hater and Biden praises her while he is trashing Netanyahu.I admire your intellect. I admire your passion. I admire your concern for so many other people, Biden said at the Dearborn Ford plant, and it's from my heart, I pray that your grandmom and family are well. I promise I'm going to do everything to see that they are in the West Bank. You're a fighter and I thank you for being a fighter, just as he kissed AOC's lower half the other day as well.So this is who Joe Biden is. And now, his focus is on Donald Trump. How do I destroy Donald Trump? And in POLITICO, they leak, Biden blasts Trump as a despicable danger to democracy.See, you see the man who has fought integration, who was supported racism and segregation. The most antisemitic president in American history, who is undermining the state of Israel, who is attacking the prime minister of Israel, day in and day out and wants an arrest warrant issued against him by the notorious ICC.A man who will not let Israel defeat Hamas while he is funding Iran and the terrorists that surround Israel. The man who sits silently for weeks on end, while the Jew hatred is spreading through the colleges and universities that he is relying on for votes, for Dearborn, Michigan that he is relying on for votes, that is Democratic Party voters.He comes out with a lame pathetic statement, no profile in courage, certainly won't go down as one of the great speeches in American history, couldn't barely get it out, three-and-a-half minutes, who has done nothing, hasn't lifted a finger to fight antisemitism in this country, just as he never lifted a finger to fight racism and segregation when he went into the Senate, quite the opposite.Now you see if you don't vote for him, Donald Trump threatens democracy. Donald Trump is Hitler. Donald Trump is a dictator. Donald Trump will imprison his opponents, which of course is what exactly what Biden and the Democrats are doing. Donald Trump needs to be painted, well, as he painted Reagan, as he painted Bork, as he paints Netanyahu, as he painted Menachem Begin, as he painted Clarence Thomas.That's who Joe Biden is. He is a thug.I'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with Michael Waltz. Good man. Member of the House Armed Services Committee, US Army National Guard, former Green Beret combat veteran in Afghanistan.Thank you for your service. You're a hero, my friend.I want to ask you a few questions. The International Criminal Court has made it clear it is threatening issuing a criminal arrest warrant against a democracy, against the elected prime minister of Israel and his staff.The country is attacked. They're trying to defend their country. They've defended their country in the most humane ways possible despite the Hamas propaganda in our media, despite what Antony Blinken and Biden say who are funding the enemy.It's my view because Biden won't speak out. The State Department won't say no, that they're behind this, that they're behind this. That they want to take out the prime minister of Israel, and they will do anything possible. You think I'm wrong?REP. MICHEL WALTZ (R-FL): No, I don't think you're wrong, Mark. Because at the same time, the State Department spokesperson is standing there at the podium talking about sanctioning the IDF for war crimes, an ally in the middle of the war with civilian oversight of its military that has already conducted multiple investigations into one particular unit with civilian parliamentarians that were freely elected that I don't think us or the International Criminal Court or anyone else would dispute. Yet we're going to sanction them, which would then put restrictions on us being able to provide aid to them.And all of this sends a message to Hamas and Iran, holdfast, keep doing what you're doing, your strategy to turn world opinion, including Israel's greatest ally, the United States of America against Israel and isolate it is working.So I mean, they're literally trying to negotiate for hostages. Yet, at the same time, we're turning a blind eye to the International Criminal Court and at the same time from Washington, DC talking about sanctioning our own ally in the middle of a war. It is the most absurd and ridiculous thing I've ever seen.LEVIN: And you have Biden an Blinken promoting this blood libel against the Jewish state that they're purposely killing Palestinian civilians, that they're not being careful. Meanwhile, it is an army that has held back that will cost the lives of IDF soldiers when it comes to taking Rafah and so forth. It is an army that informs civilians where they're going to bomb so they need to get the hell out of there.We don't do that. No army does that. Hamas, Iran, they certainly don't do that. His blood libel, here is my point, it is constant the attacks from the State Department of Blinken are constant, the attacks out of the White House and Kirby are constant. Don't you think this help fuel the Jew hatred and antisemitism that we're seeing, not just in the American media, but in college campuses and universities all over the country? That it is coming from the top, it's coming from the White House.WALTZ: No, it does, Mark and here is the distinction they don't make and should be making every single day. There is a clear distinction between terrorists who deliberately target civilians, use rape, use torture, use kidnapping, and where they are then again, raped and tortured while in captivity to terrorize civilians and deliberately target civilians versus a military that may kill civilians as part of collateral damage.But I can tell you having sat in those headquarters, you have lawyers there, you have civilian oversight. You have inspector generals. You have soldiers that know their adversary, the terrorists are going to use any mistake you made against you in propaganda and are literally risking their own lives, and oftentimes not taking the shot on Hamas fighters, letting them live to fight and kill another day to try to avoid civilian casualties.But you have an enemy that is willing to, whether it is Hamas, Hezbollah, ISIS, the Taliban, al-Qaeda, they are willing to sacrifice their own people in what they believe is a noble jihad in order to win the propaganda war.And these students, their professors, the Biden administration are all playing right into their hands. It is it's unbelievable to see Israeli soldiers sacrificing themselves to try to avoid civilian casualties, but then you see the White House with this moral equivalence, putting everybody in the same boat.And by the way, there was a genocide announced by the State Department last week, formally and officially, it's in China. It's in China, where they have a mass rape campaign, a mass incarceration campaign, slave labor that is producing the goods that half these students are buying every day, but we don't see any students demanding divestiture from China or any professors there because at the end of the day, this is antisemitism at the bottom of it.LEVIN: You don't see the International Criminal Court threatening Xi with an arrest warrant or all the other genocidal maniacs all throughout the world.WALTZ: Nope.LEVIN: I just want to raise this point with you after the break, Congressman, which was this, everything you said is so true and everything you said is actually known by Biden and Blinken. They know about the enemy. They know what the enemy is doing. They probably know better than we do.So what motivates them? Why are they willing to throw the Jewish state into the arms of the terrorists, into the arms of Iran? Why are they willing to sit back while our nation is on fire as a result of Democratic Party billionaires and dark money. Qatar, Hamas funding, Communist China funding.They sit there they do nothing with the FBI, nothing with DHS. They don't cut off the moneys that are going to Iran. What exactly is the Biden foreign policy?We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jon Scott in New York.Israel and Hamas trading blame tonight as the latest round of ceasefire talks is apparently nearing collapse. One of the main sticking points, Hamas demands that any agreement must include a full end to the war in Gaza. Israel is refusing to accept that term saying Hamas isn't serious about reaching a deal.The latest proposal called for the release of some Israeli hostages in exchange for a temporary ceasefire. The country's defense minister now warning a planned ground operation in Gaza's crowded Rafah City is imminent. Israel claims Rafah is Hamas' last stronghold in Gaza.The US says it won't support a Rafah offensive without a credible plan to protect the civilians seeking refuge there. CIA Director Bill Burns is traveling to Qatar for an emergency meeting aimed at exerting maximum pressure on the two sides to continue to negotiate.I'm Jon Scott. Back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Congressman Michael Waltz, we've had different foreign policy doctrines with different presidents. Biden comes in office saying we're going to get back to a normal routine in foreign policy where we support our allies, where we believe in global international relations.What the hell policy is this? He is attacking our allies, undermining our allies, supporting our enemies, defunding our military. The border is wide open. Any crackpot can come up into the border. What is the Joe Biden foreign policy doctrine, sir?WALTZ: At the end of the day, this is the Obama 2.0 apology doctrine. And what is that driven by? It's driven by two things. One, if you're seeing Biden pander to the progressive left, that at its core believes America is a bad nation that believes America at its core is systemically misogynist, racist, and colonialist, and not a force for good around the world, then that's why you see things like Antony Blinken, the Secretary of State, apologizing to the UN for all of America's ills.You couple that with a bunch of academics that are around him, and they all are, that believe in an appeasement first, concessions first approach. If we are just nice enough and talk about de-escalation, our adversaries like Iran and China will be nice back. We know the reality that they see that as weakness and advancement.You couple those two things together, the apology underpinnings with a concessions first approach, and you have a global breakdown of deterrence.And Mark, I just asked Biden's Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin at a hearing, I said I'll give you my entire time for questioning, tell me one place in the world that is safer under Joe Biden's leadership and under your leadership in the last three years. Certainly not Africa, certainly not the Middle East or the South China Sea. You know what he said? After a long pause, he said Europe.And at the end of the day, they believe that just funneling money into a stalemate is the world -- it is going to make the world a safer place and ignore the fact that deterrence is completely crumbling because of a lack of American leadership, and a military that we've allowed to atrophy in terms of recruiting and readiness and technological superiority.And all of that together, you have a witch's brew, and all of our adversaries on the march and they're only going to accelerate, Mark, between now and November, where they fear Donald Trump coming back into the White House.LEVIN: You know, you paint this picture. And I've painted a picture as well. of somebody, a president who doesn't sound like he loves the country. You don't keep the border open, you make sure you have the most powerful military on the face of the Earth. You don't stab Israel in the back. You don't fail to support Taiwan the way it needs to be supported, and Ukraine, if you're going to provide them with arms, provide them with it on time, the types of arms that they need to actually win, but he won't do that.WALTZ: Right.LEVIN: He is perfectly fine with a stalemate there even though the Ukrainians are dying. Doe this man sound to you like he loves America when he campaigned like Obama on fundamentally transforming America and then gives these speeches about American White racism? He was the biggest White racist in this country in the Senate when he entered the Senate. What goes through this guy's mind to the extent that exists?WALTZ: Well, look, I think it's -- while we don't know what's going on in his mind anymore, but we know that people around him that are from the progressive left that are actually running things and I would recommend everyone read Chris Rufo's book. He talks about the long march through the institutions. The book is "How the Left Took Over Everything: America's Cultural Revolution."This combination of movements from the 60s, David Ayers and the Weather Underground, the Neo Marxists, the violent environmentalist, the Black nationalists decided to stop blowing up things and start the long march through the institutions starting with tenured professorships at universities.Angela Davis, David Ayers and others, and then progressed from academia to the media, to entertainment, to the sports industry, and now they have the Holy Grail for the communists, which are corporate boards, and the military through ESG and through critical race theory, and all of that is exploding on the scene right now on these campuses, Mark, and Biden is pandering to it.He is afraid of it, and he is the tail wagging the dog -- they are the tail wagging the dog now in our foreign policy and this is the most dangerous time I've seen in my lifetime.LEVIN: Gramsci was the Italian communist who talked about the long march through the institutions of the West that Marx was wrong, the revolution wouldn't come from the proletariat rising up. That's our middle class. We fight wars to defend our country. So you need to take over the culture slowly but surely, and control it.There is another book folks might want to read, "American Marxism."Congressman, I want to thank you. As always, thanks for your patriotism before and now. God bless you, my friend.WALTZ: Thank you, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Professor Alan Dershowitz, our good friend.Professor Dershowitz, the International Criminal Court that has no jurisdiction over Israel or the United States. We are sovereign countries, is threatening now to issue criminal arrest warrants against Benjamin Netanyahu, the elected prime minister of Israel in the middle of a war, as well as other senior staff members, and I'm not hearing anything from this administration condemning it.What do you make of this?ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERITUS": Well, not only are you right about that, but the International Criminal Court issued a statement threatening to criminally prosecute anyone who takes any kind of retaliatory measures against the International Criminal Court.So for example, if Congress or if the administration were to impose sanctions on the International Criminal Court for violating their own rules, and their own rules requires something called complementarity, that is, you can't go after a democratic western country with a decent judiciary, unless you've concluded beyond any doubt that they are incapable of responding.If sanctions were to be issued based on that the International Criminal Court is now threatening American senators, threatening American congressmen, threatening members of the American political system. They're playing real hardball here.I've been in very close touch with the Israeli government on a daily basis about this and obviously, planning your response. I'm in the process of writing a pretty strong letter to the chief prosecutor at the International Criminal Court. And, you know, we're in a fight. This is part of a bigger process. Israel has become the foremost target of hate of any country in the world, more than Syria, more than Iraq, from the hard, hard left and from international organizations like the UN, the International Court of Justice, the International Criminal Court. This is part of the Nazification of the world today.In the 1930s, many in the world said that Jews are to blame for everything and Poland and Lithuania and Latvia and Germany, and France. And now what they're saying is that Israel is at fault for everything. It's the worst pariah in the world. It's the only country that you can organize thousands of students against.You can't organize them against Iran. You can't organize them against the Chinese for what they're doing to the Uighurs. You can't get them together for any issue except Israel. That is the reality. It's a sad reality and these students who are participating obviously, they are cult members.They're zombies they're just listening to their rabidly anti-Semitic And the students who are participating, obviously, their cult members, they're zombies. They're just listening to their rabidly antisemitic professors, and so if the ICC joins in this and fans the flames of antisemitism with warrants against the only democratic country in the Middle East, they're not issuing warrants, you know, against other countries, but against the only democracy in the Middle East, this will cause an increase in antisemitism and will destroy the integrity of the International Criminal Court in the eyes of decent people.LEVIN: Well, you know, in this statement, you say that they just put out where they're talking about basically potentially indicting members of Congress, or even diplomats in the United States or even members of the Biden administration, then why the hell doesn't Joe Biden speak out and Antony Blinken speak out and condemn this?DERSHOWITZ: He should, and they should, and I hope they will at some point, but I hope it's not too late.Look, they're coming after people like you and me, too. The International Criminal Court says any individual -- individual -- we are individuals -- who threatens retaliation against the court, let me be very clear, if the court were to issue warrants, I would do everything in my power to weaken the credibility of this court.So come after me, folks, I'm ready to defend myself in the International Criminal Court for exercising my free speech rights to condemn the International Criminal Court for not following its own law. They are not above the law. They have to follow the treaty and they have no jurisdiction over this case.LEVIN: It doesn't sound like a court to me. It sounds like some kind of Stalinist politburo. We have no control over who they appoint. They have a prosecutor. We have no real control over the prosecutor. We have no relationship with that court.Donald Trump said he wants nothing to do with that court. In fact, he said, if this court ever reaches out and reaches into America, or our military, or our diplomats or whatever, that he would sanction them, and I am not hearing the same thing from the Biden-Blinken administration as our ally is hanging up there like this.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with Professor Alan Dershowitz who has written a fantastic book, "War Against the Jews: How to end Hamas Barbarism." How prescient.Now is the time to get it. Amazon.com.Alan Dershowitz, I was thinking, you know, you have to think outside the box with all of these things going on, on our campuses, and so forth.If I'm a parent of a student and I've paid $70,000 for that kid to go to Columbia or UCLA or wherever the hell they're going and my kid can't get to class, my kid can't get graduation, my kid can't get an education, why can't I sue the university for my tuition to get it back?It's a contract. The contract has been broken. Why can't thousands and thousands of students sue these universities in order to get their tuition back?DERSHOWITZ: They can, and they should. We must fight lawfare with lawfare.We've started a new group called Hurt a Jew We Sue You. If you give me the name of somebody you hurt a Jew, you give me the name of the person who was hurt, we will sue them. We will take away their dorm rooms, we will take away their cars, we will take away their boom boxes.We will bankrupt them, because you can't hurt a Jew and get away with it anymore. And the same thing is true of universities. There should be a multifaceted approach.Number one, sue the universities. Number two, get that Congress, if they can to take away their federal funding or bring a lawsuit to prevent the federal government from paying them funding for teaching this kind of anti- American, antisemitic, anti-Israel stuff, which is in violation of federal statute, so we have to fight back legally.I'm 85 years old. If I were 25, I'd be in the Gaza Strip fighting for Israel. All I can do is fight with my pen, my tongue, and my ability to be on shows like yours, that have such a big impact on people.LEVIN: The Antisemitism Awareness Act, we're having people saying it violates the First Amendment. I want to ask you a few questions in the lead up to this in the short time we have.The Emancipation Proclamation was signed by Lincoln and many people said it was unconstitutional. It may well have been, but Lincoln decided it needed to be done. The 1964 Civil Rights Act by Bork, among others said that's not constitutional, even though we support it. And yet it was signed, and the court sorted it out.Now we have the Antisemitism Awareness Act and people are saying, well, that's unconstitutional. Is the core of the Act unconstitutional in the first place? And isn't the place to sort that out in the Supreme Court?DERSHOWITZ: You get an A+ in law. You're absolutely right. The core of the Act that requires that Jews be treated the way Blacks are treated, that they be equality is perfectly constitutional. In fact, it's demanded by the Equal Protection Clause.If there are claims that the definition of antisemitism at the edges, maybe too extreme, for example, Congresswoman Greene said that it would prevent Christians from abiding by the New Testament description of the death of Jesus. All right, take that case, bring it up, it'll probably lose, but take it up, but pass the statute.As Ecclesiastes says to everything there's a season and this is the season for everybody in the United States government coming out against antisemitism on a nonpartisan basis, pass the statute, challenge the president to sign it. Let's see if he does.We'll see Congress people from the squad opposing the signing. They don't care about the First Amendment. They only care about piling on against Israel.So put the challenge forward. Sign the statute, put it into law. Let it be challenged. We'll see what the court says.LEVIN: The book is "War Against the Jews: How to End Hamas Barbarism." Get it at amazon.com and I'll see you soon. God bless you, my friend.DERSHOWITZ: God bless you. Thank you.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Joe Biden is concerned about free speech. He says we're not an authoritarian country, you know. Free speech he says. So when it comes to Jew hatred, violence, brutality, threats -- river to the sea -- and all the rest of it, he is very concerned about the First Amendment. When it comes to parents at school board meetings, his attorney general issues a memorandum to the entire federal police force telling them to monitor the parents.When it comes to prolifers who are peacefully protesting at abortion clinics, his Department of Justice is storing grandmothers in prison. When it comes to the Catholic Church, well, that's not Islamophobia, of course, that's Catholic phobia. The FBI seeks to secret itself in the Catholic Church because they're told it's very, very radical.And of course, this administration with its disinformation board and it's all of government approach to social media, trying to influence what is and isn't said, that Joe Biden, he is for the First Amendment.I'm on to you, Biden. I'm on to you. I know what you are. I know who you are and I'm going to stay on you until you leave office.I will see you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.