(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time! Thanks to Kristi Noem! Michael Loftus, Kat, Tyrus, our studio audience. Dana Perino."FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, from college campuses to big city streets, the anti- Israel protesters now expanding their reach across the U.S. with angry crowds as you see now hitting the streets of Atlanta, which has a very bad history of dangerous demonstrations.And tensions rising at the University of Washington tonight after U-Dub Seattle activist tried banning conservative commentator Charlie Kirk from speaking on campus. Saying, his presence would threaten their First Amendment rights.Kirk speech continuing as of now, as protesters hold a competing rally for Rafah event in U-Dub's liberated zone.Meantime, anti-Israel sentiment continuing to bubble up on campuses across the country. We have "TEAM FOX COVERAGE", Ashley Strohmier on the campus chaos. But first, to Matt Finn. He is live at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City. Matt, good evening.MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Trace.Our understanding is this is the last encampment here in New York City right now. And it's growing pretty tense because there is a huge police force here out right now. There is the special response group here. We see officers with zip ties, ready to make potential arrests. Also, the police busses have pulled up, which usually indicates there could be some mass arrests happening here.I just spoke with NYPD a short while ago. What they said they are doing right now is they are firsthand monitoring these protests here on the campus of FIT. You might be able to see them in the distance. The flags waving, people banging the drums.Police say their first objective right now is to monitor these protests. Then, later, they say if there are any tents or if there's an encampment on public property, NYPD says they are going in to dismantle that encampment here on the campus. And you may recall, police, the dynamic dismantle of the Columbia protests here in the city last week.Well, we could see potentially something similar here on the campus of FIT. The protesters are chanting, protect the encampment. And this particular protest started tonight in the city. They began in Union Square. They marched down Sixth Avenue to New York Public Library.There were some arrests made, once again, tonight, because some of these protesters were not complying with officers' clear orders to stay out of the street.Police, as you can see, are allowing protesters to lawfully demonstrate here. I mean, it's getting pretty late 11:00 an hour -- or 11:00 at night, rather. They are not asking them to go home. They are allowing them to express their opinion, you know, to demonstrate their freedom of speech.But if the protesters stand in the street, if they block traffic, there are immediate arrest.We saw that last night when protesters tried to get near MIT, that the -- or forgive me, get near the Met Gala. We're seeing that now here. Police are potentially going to make any arrests if they block traffic here. Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes. We'll get back to you as the news warrants on that. Matt Finn, live for us in New York. Matt, thank you.Meantime, anti-Israel protests continue on college campuses across the country. Ashley Strohmier is live with an update on that part of the story. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hi, Trace.Pro-Palestinian camps remain set up tonight at universities nationwide, even as some colleges get more aggressive and trying to hold those responsible for the protests accountable.Acting before sunrise, police removed dozens of tents and gear setup on the University of Chicago's campus. The move shocked some pro-Palestinian protesters who had camped out for more than a week.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Been waited like coward, until (INAUDIBLE) was gone, and then they snuck up on people to attack --STROHMIER (voice over): Near Boston, similar encampments at MIT and Harvard still stand even as the school threatened students who don't disperse with suspension.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Harvard is choosing to mass discipline its students, rather than responding to numerous good faith efforts to reach out, and to speak, and have a conversation.STROHMIER (voice over): Moving to the nation's capital, dozens of tents still cover central sections of George Washington University, and demonstrators say they have no plans to leave anytime soon. Listen.REEM DLABADI, STUDENT PROTESTER, GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY: We will be here until our demands are met. We have a great community rallying around us, who are ready to uplift our demands.STROHMIER (voice over): Those demands include a meeting with G.W.'s president, but school leaders are not interested. The school wants D.C.'s mayor, Muriel Bowser to clear that area. And so far, she is refusing to step in.MURIEL BOWSER, MAYOR OF WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA: My constitutional responsibility is to make sure that people can safely protest.STROHMIER (voice over): Today, education secretary Miguel Cardona told lawmakers he is aware Jewish American students are worried for their safety but stopped short of condemning the ongoing encampments.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, can you tell me right now, yes or no, have you condemned these encampments?MIGUEL CARDONA, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF EDUCATION: Again, those are decisions for the universities to make. I know that in some cases universities are engaging in dialogue with students to come up with a strategy out. I don't want to get into the details of cases that I don't have --(END VIDEOTAPE)STROHMIER: Today, organizers at G.W. held a training session for protesters about what they should do if police come in to make mass arrest and while D.C. police remain nearby, they still show no signs of trying to break up that gathering. Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes. That surely will. Ashley Strohmier, live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you.While the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" thinks the anti-Israel protesters are not nearly as anti-Israel as they are anti-American.And you need look no further than the World War I memorial in New York City that protesters vandalized.They spray painted the word Gaza on the base of the statue and posted Palestinian flag stickers on the bronze soldiers.Defacing a symbol of World War I, isn't a slam at Israel, nor is it a fist bump with Palestinians? It's a thumbs down on this country."COMMON SENSE" would remind those protesters, the only reason they are allowed to spew their hate, is because some American, somewhere fought and died for their right to spew their hate.And vandalizing a war statue is a pretty good indication they now hate the people who fought. Students at Columbia Law School have now sent a threatening e-mail to Jewish students at Columbia. Not Israeli students, but American Jewish students, telling them, "No Jew is safe until everyone is safe, and no Jew is free until Palestine is free."So, you are angry it is real, but targeting American symbols. You want to free Palestine by condemning American Jews."COMMON SENSE" wonders how many statues and students need to be cast aside before we finally realize these protesters are not pro-Palestinian, they are anti us spelled us -- spelled, U-S.Let's bring in Israeli activist and independent journalist Brittney Hopper, along with the founder of the N Jew Hatred movement lawfare project, CEO Brooke Goldstein. Both on set. It's a big treat for us. Thank you, guys, for coming on. We very much appreciate this.I want to play this if I can, because this is some sound. We talked about the War memorial being targeted and vandalize. This is some chanting as the kind of flag burns and the memorial is vandalized. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AMERICAN CROWD: Free Palestine. Free, free Palestine.AMERICAN CROWD: Free, free Palestine.AMERICAN CROWD: Free, free, free Palestine.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, you see, it's just hatred. Brittney. They go after everything. They are going after Israel. They are going after, you know, American statues and American symbols. It's just this this widespread hatred. What do you think about it?BRITTNEY HOPPER, PRO-ISRAEL ACTIVIST: This goes beyond hatred. These are domestic terrorists that we have in our country right now. These are anti- Americans. They are against everything that we believe in and what -- how - - what this country was founded on.I'm going to say this, though, it's not going to stop here. It's not going to stop with the Jewish people or Israel. We are going to see this continue to happen if we don't stop the far-left movement.This mob, they are taking over and they want to take over, and there -- we can't just say you're going to burn our American flag, then, get out.GALLAGHER: Yes.HOPPER: We can't do that. So, we have to come together and do something else.GALLAGHER: Yes.HOPPER: Because this is disgusting. What we're seeing happening.GALLAGHER: Yes. And we talked about in "COMMON SENSE", Brooke, this whole concept of the Columbia Law students sending out this notice to the Jewish students, saying -- and here is -- here is one of the lines, quoting here. "You threaten everyone's safety," to these students. These Jewish students who were pushed off campus.I mean, it's unbelievable how you literally have this kind of fomented hate at Columbia and universities across the country.BROOKE GOLDSTEIN, FOUNDER AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE LAWFARE PROJECT: Yes. Trace, thank you so much for pointing this out. Because it was only a matter of time until the true colors of the so called pro-Palestinian protesters came out. Because this is not about civil rights. This is not about freeing Palestine. This isn't even about Israel.Do you know that some of the documents they discovered when they clear the encampment at Columbia University showed that they were planning these protests for months before October the 5th.GALLAGHER: Yes.GOLDSTEIN: It also showed that they are against America.GALLAGHER: Yes.GOLDSTEIN: They want to take down the U.K. They want to take down France.This is about agitating and creating chaos in the west so that we implode from within. And I'll leave with this. Our elected officials owe us a duty to investigate who is funding the demonstrations.GALLAGHER: Right.GOLDSTEIN: We have to defund the demonstrations.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's a very good point. George Washington University law professor said the following, quoting here, "If you really want to help," he's talking to the students, Brittney, "why don't you go where you really could make a difference for the people you profess to be supporting?"Meaning, go to Gaza and help those people. They are not going to Gaza. They are not going anywhere.HOPPER: Well, we all know what's going to happen to them if they were to go to Gaza, right?GALLAGHER: Right.HOPPER: And so, of course, they're not going to go to Gaza. Now, the other thing, the other part of this is a lot of these students don't even know where Gaza is on a map.GALLAGHER: Right.HOPPER: OK? And they are getting their information. And may I say misinformation from TikTok. They are getting their history from social media. We know this. So, this is part of the problem as well. That they just don't know who they are voting for, who they're -- what they are -- what they are doing out here.GALLAGHER: Yes. And Matt Finn was talking about clearing some of these encampments and how they're very reticent to do this. And you have at George Washington University, the statue of George Washington, still wearing the kaffiyeh, and holding a Palestinian flag. You see it right there.Take it down, clean up this area, this is your school, you cannot let them just take control of your campus.GOLDSTEIN: Absolutely. And this is what concerns me the most, whereas, finally, we have the NYPD stepping up and doing their job, and I want to thank them for that.HOPPER: Right.GOLDSTEIN: The mayor of D.C. has refused, even though he was requested by the president, I believe, of George Washington, has refused to clear the encampment.The same thing in Philadelphia. UPenn asked to clear the encampment. And the Philly police said, well, we don't see this as a threat. That is very scary and a big problem.GALLAGHER: Yes, it is a threat.Brooke, great to see you. Brittney, thank you for coming on.HOPPER: Trace, thank you so much.GALLAGHER: We really appreciate it.HOPPER: Thank you.GALLAGHER: Meantime, President Biden finally made some long-awaited comments on the anti-Israel protests across the country. And while he did call out antisemitism, he apparently will not call out the cops on those spewing that hatred.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke, live in D.C. with more on this.Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. Warning against what he called a ferocious surge of antisemitism in the U.S. and around the world, Joe Biden, the president, today, during a Holocaust remembrance event, urged Americans to guard against the vile vestiges of antisemitism, while also imploring the Israeli government to find a peaceful solution to the ongoing retaliation campaign it's waging against Hamas, affecting the residents of Gaza.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Too many people denying, downplaying, rationalizing, ignoring the horrors of the Holocaust and October 7th --But there is no place on any campus in America -- any place in America -- for antisemitism --Violent attacks, destroying property is not peaceful protest. It's against the law.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Trying to thread the needle, not easy to do.Meantime, a U.S. official tells Fox tonight that there are continued concerns about a major Israeli operation in Rafah, which could build upon its targeted strikes that are happening there already.This, as Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent, is urging the White House to support the end of all military offensive aid to Israel.Now, ahead of his remarks, the White House announced new measures aimed at countering antisemitism, expanding actually on a national strategy first published back in June, a year ago. Now, that includes the creation of online resources to protect Jewish and for that matter, all students. Trace.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you.Let's bring in New York Post reporter Lydia Moynihan and Fox News contributor Jason Chaffetz. Thank you both for coming on.Here is President Biden two weeks ago. Listen to what he said. Because it's different from what he is doing. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: My commitment to Israel, I want to make clear again, is ironclad. The security of Israel is critical. And we'll always make sure that Israel has what it needs to defend itself against Iran and terrorists that supports.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. And now, we have confirmed, Lydia, that he is now withholding arms from Israel. Ironclad support, but I'm not giving you the weapons you need.The Biden administration is paused shipments of a thousand of bombs and Israel might use it in Rafah. So, and other stuff. We got the list here. It's pretty lengthy. Your thoughts.LYDIA MOYNIHAN, REPORTER, NEW YORK POST: Action speak louder than words. And I think he was backed into a corner. I mean, you showed just earlier on your show that absolute chaos and anarchy across these college campuses, I think, another president would have sent in the National Guard.So, Biden, at least, called out the antisemitism, but that is completely undercut by the actions, like you said, delaying those shipments of ammunition. Earlier this week, Blinken and the Biden administration urging Israel to accept a deal that would essentially allow Hamas to continue reigning in the Gaza Strip.And I think what's lost in so much of this is -- this is not just about standing up for Israel.GALLAGHER: right.MOYNIHAN: This is not about speaking against antisemitism. This is about protecting American citizens who are still held hostage by Hamas.GALLAGHER: Yes.MOYNIHAN: That is President Biden's job.GALLAGHER: Yes.MOYNIHAN: To protect and to defend American citizens. It's not to --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: And it's -- yes.MOYNIHAN: -- reclassify weed or pay off student loan.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Let me get -- let me --MOYNIHAN: It's to get these people back home.GALLAGHER: Exactly is. And Jason, that's the whole thing, is because we're hearing tonight the Biden administration was actually negotiating behind the Israel's back on this ceasefire deal.JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, the President Biden is lack to clarity and consistency. He gives some lip service every once in a while about how ironclad of support he has with Israel. But the point is, I think, not lost on anybody.The idea that he has not been unwavering in his support.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.CHAFFETZ: He does not definitively tell Hamas, give up, you can't even start the discussion until you get back those hostages.GALLAGHER: Right.CHAFFETZ: And I don't hear any of the protesters talking about that. And he needs to be much more clear about not only enforcing the law, but prosecuting those people who are committing this terrorism on our campuses and around the country.GALLAGHER: Right. Surrender and give up the hostages and we'll talk.V.P. Kamala Harris was asked about the ceasefire deal. And she decided to say this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Madam Vice President, Hamas says it accepted a ceasefire deal.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Shrimp and grits -- you wanted to know?Shrimp and grits.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hamas says accept --(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I don't know why she does that, Lydia. I mean, the shrimp and grits, yes, it's funny and all. We're talking about a ceasefire deal. And you have to make a big, big joke, and off you go.MOYNIHAN: That's how she responds to everything. She tries to just laugh it off, because her policies and the reality of what she's doing isn't something that she wants to talk about.GALLAGHER: Yes.MOYNIHAN: But I think, for Biden, for Kamala Harris, this is the party of Ilhan Omar, where she'll call Jews pro-genocide. And so, I think they are very cautious about trying to alienate anyone in an election year and that unfortunately means that they're not going to stand up for American citizens who are being held hostage.GALLAGHER: Yes, it happens that a lot.Lastly, a little bit of politics for you, Jason. This is the latest ABC Ipsos, narrowing the gap. Look at these numbers here. We're talking about black voters: Biden: 2020, 84 percent, now 61 percent. Hispanic voters: 2020, Biden 21, now four percent. Under 30, Biden plus 24. Now it's Trump plus five.Those are big margins. I got about 30 seconds to wrap us up here, Jason.CHAFFETZ: Life was good under Trump. The economy was better. We didn't have the inflation, the state -- the streets were safer. Immigration wasn't an issue, and Joe Biden has prioritized non-Americans over Americans, particularly in the inner cities.GALLAGHER: Yes. Jason Chaffetz, Lydia Moynahan. Thank you both.Meantime, Stormy Daniels took the stand in the former president's criminal trial today. The adult film star testified in detailed, sometimes very graphic language about their alleged sexual encounter 18 years ago.Nate Foy has the very latest. He is live outside the state Supreme Court in New York. Nate, good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace.Today, adult film actress Stormy Daniels testified that she met former President Donald Trump back in 2006. And soon after, she claims they had sex.Now that's an affair that former President Trump denies. But as you mentioned, Daniels explained in graphic detail today, and Trump's lawyers claim that the jury heard testimony that was unnecessary and unrelated to the charges that Trump faces in this case. So, they asked for a mistrial.Judge Juan Merchan denied that request, but agreed that Daniels' testimony went a bit too far. Saying, "I agree that it would have been better if some of these things had been left unsaid. I don't believe we're at a point where a mistrial is warranted."Now Daniels testified that she met Trump several times after their alleged affair, because she thought at the time that he could help her career.But today, Daniels said she now hates Trump and admitted to posting online that she would dance down the street if he went to jail. Daniels will take the stand again when court resumes Thursday morning. She'll take more questions from Trump's lawyers and from prosecutors.Again, Trump denies the affair ever happened. He called the case on Truth Social today, "false ancient history." And he said this after court.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This was a very big day, a very revealing day as you see their case is totally falling apart. They have nothing on books and records and even something that should bear very little relationship to the case.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Trace, the Court doesn't sit on Wednesdays. So, former President Trump has left New York. He is spending his off day in Florida, but he'll be back here Thursday morning when Daniels takes the stand and her cross- examination resumes. We'll send it back to you, Trace.GALLAGHER: We'll see you Thursday night.Nate Foy, live for us in New York. Nate, Thank you.Let's bring in criminal defense attorney and federal litigator Vik Bajaj. The judge, Juan Merchan, Vik, lost a little bit of control of the courtroom today. Andy McCarthy said this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR (via telephone): Merchan overruled those objections, then, let the prosecutors elicit graphic details, and then, sent the jury out of the room, apparently, to lecture the prosecutors for eliciting the testimony that the judge said they could elicit. It's remarkable.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Let Stormy go on and on. And then, chided the defense for not calling enough objections.VIK BAJAJ, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Andy McCarthy is absolutely right. But there is one more layer to that onion. The judge said afterwards, you know, I'm shocked that the defense did not object more after their emotions eliminate, which are emotions beforehand to determine which evidence or testimony will be led in.And this judge said, yes, you can talk about it. So, one may wonder, what is the relevance on President Trump wearing satin or silk pajamas --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.BAJAJ: -- when it's an accounting case? You know, maybe it's a new jury instruction that I haven't seen. But this judge is actually President Trump's best friend.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAJAJ: When the ultimate question is exoneration. The problem is that may come after the election.GALLAGHER: The -- you know, the whole thing is she appeared very sympathetic, at first. Our whole court team was saying on this. And then, she got hostile later. And they talked about a lot of this sexual -- a viewpoint out, there was nothing about falsifying documents, and that's what this case is all about.BAJAJ: Well, look, it's very salacious, it's attractive. It's a sexy pit of testimony. I was floored to believe that this judge would even allow this vast collection of details to come on in, again, in a white-collar financial crimes case.GALLAGHER: Right.BAJAJ: Again, I say this judge is President Trump's best friend if the issue is eventual exoneration. He has tripped over his own feet a half dozen ways and I believe on purpose.Unfortunately, the appellate court will have to get involved if there is a conviction close to or after the election. But at the end of the day, President Trump wins.GALLAGHER: You said appellate court. I got to go, Vik. But is this right for appeal?BAJAJ: Absolutely. The New York appellate court has just said in a very high-profile case of Harvey Weinstein, hey, you know what, you only need to allow what's relevant. And if you allow prejudicial stuff, that's OK. But it cannot be unduly prejudicial, and therein lies the problem.GALLAGHER: Very good point. Vik Bajaj, thank you, sir.BAJAJ: Thank you.GALLAGHER: Coming up, Israeli forces conducting more military operations in the southern Gaza City of Rafah, even taking control of the Gaza border crossing with Egypt. And we have information about the potential ceasefire.And later in the "NIGHTCAP" Mother's Day, not a single Sunday. Turns out the proximity to your mom is very important. Let us know "NIGHTCAP". We'll have it coming up, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Back to breaking news now in New York, police are moving in on the protesters at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York. Matt Finn is live there.Police are moving in, Matt, what do we see?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I didn't see. On the sidewalk. Sidewalks.FINN: Hey, Trace. Getting pretty tense here right now. Police just pulled up what appears to be the arrest bus. So, we could see some mass arrests at any given moment.You can hear the protesters chanting here. They are here to protect the encampments on FIT. From our vantage point, we can't tell how many tents are actually there, but we could see some tents. The protesters are chanting, protect the encampment.Our understanding is this is the last remaining camp -- encampment here in New York City.NYPD told me a short while ago that they are moving in. This is getting pretty, pretty tense. In fact, I believe we are seeing some arrests happening live right now. You could see some of these protesters with zip ties on their hands behind their back going up in the police bus.My understanding was a short while ago, police did get the order to disperse. These protesters did not comply, Trace.GALLAGHER: Matt Finn, we'll get back to you as the news warrants. Stay with it. We'll be back in moments.Meantime, Israeli forces now seizing control of the Gaza side of the Rafah border crossing with Egypt, while the potential ceasefire deal remains in limbo.Bill Melugin, live with the very latest on that. Bill, good evening.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. This is actually the very first time that Israel has been in control of that Rafah crossing since the year 2005.And it's happening as negotiations with Hamas are really just teetering on a knife's edge at this point. Video shows an Israeli tank brigade seizing control of the Gaza side of the Rafah border crossing with Egypt today.It's the first time the Israeli military has taken control of that area since it withdrew from Gaza nearly 20 years ago.The Israeli military also conducted a series of airstrikes and bombardments across Rafah overnight, reportedly killing close to two dozen people.The Israeli military action comes hours after all sorts of whiplash with Hamas claiming on Monday that it accepted an Egyptian-Qatari mediated ceasefire deal, while Israel claim that deal was amended at the last minute with terms unacceptable to them, and that it didn't meet their core demands.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER, ISRAEL (through translator): The Hamas proposal yesterday was intended to torpedo the entry of our forces into Rafah. It did not happen. Israel will not allow Hamas to restore its evil rule in the Gaza Strip. And Israel will not allow it to restore its military capabilities to continue striving for our destruction.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And Rafah is believed to be the final holdout for Hamas in the Gaza Strip. The U.S. has said it supports Israel's goal of annihilating all of Hamas, but fears a full-on invasion of Rafah. They fear that invasion would lead to mass civilian deaths, but so far, the Israeli operation appears limited.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRIAN HOOK, FORMER U.S. SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE FOR IRAN: I think that there is no victory for Israel without finishing the job in Rafah. And Hamas is now cornered, and they're down there to their remaining battalions.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: Now the State Department said today that negotiations with Hamas are ongoing in Cairo. They believe a deal is possible. They say they're doing everything possible to push it over the finish line. But Trace, there's been no proof of life from Hamas when it comes to these hostages.GALLAGHER: Yes, that's very important. Bill, thank you. Let's bring in Hudson Institute senior fellow, Rebeccah Heinrichs, and retired U.S. Navy Captain Armen Kurdian. Thank you both for coming on. I want to play sound bite, this is General Jack Keane, he's talking about this slow walk of weapons from the by the administration to Israel. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEN. JACK KEANE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: I mean, what has been stunning to me is we've seen this unfold for a number of weeks now, is that the president of the United States has taken issue with how the idea of and principally the war cabin and president, Prime Minister Netanyahu are conducting military operations inside of Gaza.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, it seems Armen Kurdian like it's always the Biden administration taking both sides. They want to play both sides at every, whether it's the protests or whether it's going to Israel.ARMEN KURDIAN (RET.), U.S. NAVY CAPTAIN: I know it's kind of crazy and I think it's a reason why this peace deal kind of changed at the last minute because while the administration says we support Israel, and Hamas needs to be destroyed by withholding this arms shipment. And to be clear, it's not going to affect Israel's prosecution of the war. They're still going to be able to prosecute the war.But it continues to provide daylight and continues to provide Hamas that expectation or that belief that they would be able to come out of this conflict with some measure of being intact. That is anathema to Israel. Right now, this peace deal, supposedly, was in exchange for 33 hostages that Israel withdraw, into the conflict and rebuild and that's, that sentiment almost a surrender.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. John Fetterman, you talk about, Rebeccah Heinrichs, kind of splitting dividing up the Democratic party. Here's what the Pennsylvania senator said to Bret Baier a few hours ago.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): And this could end right now if they send all those hostages back home, and they could surrender, and all of you know -- but they clearly don't care about all the Palestinian death and chaos and damage.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: They don't, and that's the whole thing, and Armen has echoed this, and Fetterman said, listen, hostages give up the hostages and surrender and it's over, there's no negotiating, it's over.REBECCAH HEINRICHS, HUDSON INSTITUTE SENIOR FELLOW: Senator Fetterman is exactly right, and his moral clarity has been so encouraging throughout this entire war. Hamas can give up the hostages. And by the way, if you watch any other media channel, you would think that Hamas was essentially begging for their life and it was the IDF that just insisted on going in here. But remember, Hamas still has at least four battalions in Rafah.The IDF has already taken out about 18 of them. And the, and Hamas continues to fire from Rafah at the IDF, and there's these a couple of choke points here where these humanitarian corridors have existed, and the IDF was facilitating the civilians from -- to leave that area. And it was Hamas that fired at the civilians killing IDF soldiers, which is why they've been temporarily closed by the IDF. So, this is Hamas persisting in this and creating a horrible humanitarian catastrophe the moral blame lies with Hamas.GALLAGHER: Yes, it does. I want to move on topics. We've got some breaking news coming in because we have a U.S. soldier, 35-year-old, Gordon Black, now being held in Russia. He went there on a two-week leave, Armen Kurdian, to visit his said girlfriend, and then something happened. They questioned him for nine hours. He is now being held. His mother said the following to "Good Morning America".(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELODY JONES, DETAINED SOLDIER'S MOTHER: I knew something was going to happen. I felt like he was being set up by her. Did she cause the argument? You know, did she start the fight to get him arrested?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Shouldn't have been there, but was he set up, Armen?KURDIAN: I think he was absolutely set up, Trace. Even 10, 15 years, military had been getting training on social media, on operational security. This is clearly a honey trap. He should not have been allowed -- well, he's not allowed to go to Russia. It's a Category 4 country. He didn't tell anybody he was going, so it's not really on the fault of his commanding officer. But now what he's become? He's become a pawn, a tool of the Russian Federation to be used in propaganda against us. He was absolutely set up. I'm sure this was planned all along.GALLAGHER: Rebeccah Heinrichs, we've got 15 seconds for you to wrap us up. Can we get him out, or is he going to be there for a while?HEINRICHS: I'm afraid he's going to be there for a long time. No Americans should go to Russia. They're not safe. Your credit cards don't work there. Your debit cards don't work there. Russia remains a top-tier acute enemy of the United States. They will snatch Americans for political gain. Don't go.GALLAGHER: Rebeccah Heinrichs, Armen Kurdian, thank you both. Up next, students at Ole Miss tried to stop anti-Israel protesters on campus, and they did it in the most patriotic of ways. So, why are protesters facing few consequences, but counter-protesters are getting hit extra hard? And later in the "NIGHTCAP", Mother's Day. It's not just a single Sunday.Turns out, proximity to your mom is a big consideration to buying a home these days. A new study finds that almost half of U.S. adults have moved or plan to move themselves or their mom so they can all be closer. Have you, would you, or did you move yourself or yourself or your mom to be in closer proximity? Let us know, X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher, we'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Back live to breaking news in New York at the Fashion Institute of Technology. Matt Finn, apparently the police buses are getting a little push back here. What's going on?FINN: Yes, Trace, it's going down here at FIT. Police have been warning protesters for quite some time now to clear the area. We just saw some forceful arrests. Police have no tolerance for protesters being in the streets right now. We just saw some arrests. Took the protesters onto the police bus, which is behind me. That bus is practically full of protesters right now who are not complying with police orders tonight.We saw them be marched one by one onto the bus with zip ties behind their backs. Behind me right here right now, you can see these protesters still chanting police, calling them KKK, calling them piggies, telling them they're going to make their life S-word. So, an ongoing showdown here, becoming more and more tense between police and these pro-Palestinian protesters. They're saying that FIT needs to divest from Israel and they are wishing FIT go to hell. Trace.GALLAGHER: Matt, we'll get back to you as the news warrants. Stay on it. Thank you.Another example of patriotism over protest tonight. Students at the University of Mississippi drowned out anti-Israel agitators by singing, as you heard there, "The Star-Spangled Banner." Let's bring in former Department of Education Press Secretary, Defensive Freedom Institute Spokeswoman, Angela Morabito; along with the author of "Parent Revolution," American Federation for Children Senior Fellow, Corey DeAngelis.Thank you both for coming on. We have seen these kinds of patriotic things and some students try to go down it tear down these encampments but it seems over time, Angela, with a lot of these protesters have very few consequences but the people who go after them, the people who agitate them, are facing significant consequences in some cases.ANGELA MORABITO, DEFENSIVE FREEDOM INSTITUTE SPOKESWOMAN: That's right. There's a real double standard on campus where these pro-Hamas protesters, these people in the encampments, are allowed to do whatever they want. They're allowed to request amnesty. They don't get punished. They don't get consequences.And yet, anybody who shows up and wants to support America, support Israel, support everything that the Hamas fan club stands against, those people are the ones who are tracked by their colleges, they're really under the gun here.So, I never thought I'd hear myself say this, Trace, but I think frat bros might just save America because it is absolutely beautiful to see these kids, as MLK said, drive out hate with love and literally drown out this nonsense with love of country.GALLAGHER: Yes, and we talked about this, Corey, because we have, and we're not going to name names here because they don't want us to, but we had some college students talk to us to say, listen, we're getting significant pushback from our college because we did goofy things like played loud music. That's the kind of stuff that you think, what's going on? They're breaking into buildings and they're getting arrested and released, and other kids are getting their documents checked?COREY DEANGELIS, AMERICAN FEDERATION FOR CHILDREN SENIOR FELLOW: I mean, yes, Angela hit the nail on the head that this is a double standard, the universities are taking a side. And, and good on these frat bros for, for chanting America and chanting USA, that's the way to drown out this anti- America, anti-Jewish hatred on campus.But at the end of the day, taxpayers shouldn't be subsidizing any of these political rallies on places of learning. This is supposed to be a place of civil debate. Look, this looks like a war zone in Los Angeles. It's a total clown show. And taxpayers shouldn't have to foot the bill for any of this.And look, for a long time, the universities were a way for people to signal to employers that you have skills. Well, now it looks like more of a signal to employers that you're an entitled brat who's just going to cause a lot of problems. And so, I think the value of the degree is just plummeting as a result of all this chaos.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's very disappointing, but you know, I want to read this, because -- we're actually going to play this. Ben Sasse, who's the former Senator, who's also now the President of the University of Florida, said you're not going to see this kind of stuff in the University of Florida because it's not going to happen. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BEN SASSE, PRESIDENT OF UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA: We will always defend your right to free speech and free assembly, and also, we have time place and manner restrictions, and you don't get it take over the whole and university. People don't get it sped up cops, you don't get a barricade yourselves in buildings. You don't get to disrupt somebody else's commencement. We don't allow protests inside.(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: But Angela, so many universities are letting people take over, you know, in the name of free speech when they are taking over and wrecking-havoc.MORABITO: That's right, and I think Ben Sasse is really the example to follow for so many universities. And I love everything about what he said, but I really love that he used the word entitled because that cuts to the core of the problem. These pro-Hamas kids feel entitled to take over parts of campus. They feel entitled to destroy property, and the worst of all is they feel entitled to harass and intimidate their Jewish community members. So, I think the University of Florida has set a great example by saying these are the rules, they apply to everyone, and when you break them there will be consequences.GALLAGHER: And they were very clearly laid out, Corey DeAngelis. He said, this is what we're going to do. We want robust debate, but we're not playing the rest of these games.DEANGELIS: Yes, don't negotiate with entitled brats is basically the message here. And look, hopefully the market sorts itself out and families stop sending their students to these universities where they're just left- wing indoctrination centers, ideological breeding grounds for socialists. Look, maybe some families will want to choose to send their students to the University of Florida as opposed to UCLA.GALLAGHER: Yes, Corey DeAngelis, Angelo Morabito, thank you both for coming on. We appreciate your time. Can we just flip back very quickly? I want to get a live shot. Do we still have the live look in New York City of the protests that are going on here? We've been kind of talking about this. Matt Finn is live on the scene.But this is interesting because what these protesters are doing, they're being put in buses and taken away. But a lot of them are now getting in front, Matt Finn says, of these buses and keeping police in place. This is happening in New York City. And we will keep our eyes on this as the protest starts to get a little bit more rowdy and raucous. Back to that when it happens.Meantime, coming up, the new trend in home buying, being close to your mom. Have you moved or would you move for that reason? Let us know, X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Bill Melugin, Armen Kurdian, Vik Bajaj, and Lydia Moynihan. Tonight's topic, mommy and me. Proximity to one's mom is apparently a significant consideration to buying a home these days. A new study finds almost half of U.S. adults have moved or plan to move themselves or their mom so they can be closer together. Have you moved or do you plan to move yourself or your mom? Kevin Corke.CORKE: My mom, as you know, passed away in 2016. But I can tell you this, when you're younger, especially if you have kids, having mom nearby is a real bonus.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really, I mean, that's exactly right. Ashley Strohmier, your thoughts.STROHMIER: Yes, I've been trying to get my mom to move in with me for, I don't know, ever since I left. But if I ever were to leave New York, she would never come here. But if I ever left New York, I'd be like, well, you want to move in like next door?GALLAGHER: Yes, exactly. That's it. That's the way it is. Bill Melugin.MELUGIN: Yes, after taking a bunch of TV jobs around the country, I came back here in 2017 to be closer to my mom. It was the year after my dad died. She lives down in Orange County. She's a huge fan of you in the show. She loves this segment. So, hi, mom I know she's watching.GALLAGHER: Hi, mom, we love you around. Love those moms. Yes, Vik.BAJAJ: Of course, without beyond a shadow of a doubt, and our two boys, Vikas Bajaj II and Vetri say, dad, you're going to have your house. Mom's going to have her house, as though we're not going to live together. And the boys are going to be right in between. So, family has to stay together.GALLAGHER: Armen.KURDIAN: Hey, we moved Mom down from Ventura County, down to Assisted Living, a senior living center, very close to where we are. And I got to tell you, ever since she came down, just like we alluded to earlier, my wife and I get to go on a lot more dates.GALLAGHER: Love it. Lydia Moynihan.MOYNIHAN: I feel a little guilty, because I moved from the West Coast to New York, but what's interesting is my partner moved his mother into his apartment building, just five stories above where he lives. She has a new lease, and a new lease on life. She's loving living in a more hip, urban neighborhood, and it's changed everything for her.GALLAGHER: Yes, we moved back to the from the West Coast to Connecticut back in 2005. Took my mom with us. She moved back there for five or six years. It was the best time of her life.Thank you all. Here we go. Have you moved your mom? Yes, 55 percent on X, 45, 54 percent on Instagram.PKG says, "Moved from L.A. to Michigan to be near my mom in her later years.Rice Mice, "My parents live just 45 minutes away. No need to move. Other siblings are 50 minutes away from them." It's like a good old Italian family. That's perfect.John S.P., "You know when you're old, when your kids talk about you in front of you, so what are we going to do with Pop?"Kathy Potts, "Mom moved from Mississippi to Iowa where I live. Some days I ask myself why."Thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. We'll see you right back here tomorrow.