JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to this special edition of "Hannity". I'm Jason Chaffetz, in for Sean.And tonight, we begin with a headline from "The New York Post" editorial board, quote, Trump will win if he does more speeches like the one in the Bronx. Just 24 hours ago, the former president held a rally in front of thousands of Bronx residents from all walks of life. But instead of tearing them down with a divisive doom and gloom speech like Joe Biden, Trump championed the people of New York and promised a brighter future for all.Have a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm here tonight to declare that we are going to turn New York City around and we are going to turn it around very, very quickly. New York was where you came to make it big. You want to make it big, you had to be in New York.But sadly, this is now a city in decline. We have filthy encampments of drugged out homeless people living in our places, that we've spent so much time with children, where they used to play. We have lunatics killing innocent bystanders by pushing them onto the railroad tracks for sport.Don't worry, it gets so positive. Remember, we're going to win. We're all winners we're going to win so big. We're going to make it bigger and better than ever before.(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: As of tonight, Trump is only down by single digits in deep blue New York and after a rally like that in the Bronx, the mainstream media, oh, they're very worried. Have a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Former President Donald Trump held a campaign rally in New York City in a Democratic stronghold where he is widely unpopular. He took to a Bronx park to recite some of his most familiar talking points.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What was the crowd like and what kind of response did he get?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, certainly, a bigger crowd than I think Democrats would like to see particularly given this is one of the bluest counties in the entire country. I wasn't sure what to expect. I've gone to a lot of these rallies across the country and there are often people who travel hundreds of miles to see Donald Trump and they're not necessarily part of the community. However, one of the things that I found was that there were a lot of people here that were actually from the Bronx.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Look, this is part of his outreach that he is trying to make a case in communities all across the country especially in in these swing states, areas like Detroit, Atlanta, parts of the country where a little bit of a change in the feeling of certain communities one way or another could ultimately decide this election, John(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: It's unclear if the current President Joe Biden will visit the Bronx. He doesn't like to get too far away from Delaware, of course, that's where you'll find him this Memorial Day weekend in Delaware.Here now with reaction, FOX News contributor Joe Concha and Project 21 chairman Horace Cooper.Gentlemen, thanks so much for joining us.Joe, Donald Trump may be one of the best retail politicians we've ever seen and I can't imagine Joe Biden even attracting a fraction of that crowd and being able to do it, you know, off it -- off the cuff without having to just read every line from a -- from a teleprompter.JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, Jason, you don't have to imagine it. That's the reality, right, as far as what we've seen with Joe Biden and with Donald Trump.Clearly, the enthusiasm and the momentum is behind the former president and if the election were held today, instead of 164 days from now, not only is Donald Trump your next president, he wins by landslide, not seen in decades. This isn't going to say that he's going to win New York, but even if he's within as you just reported, within single digits, like he is now and striking distance like he is in New Jersey, in a dead heat in Minnesota in Virginia, that will force the Biden campaign to spend time and resources in states that they thought they had locked up.And now Donald Trump is leading in all the major swing states, North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania. So you tell me how Joe Biden wins given the current state of the country, given where we are with inflation, where we are with crime, where we are with illegal immigration, where we are with foreign policy, education, energy independence, and the fact that Joe Biden -- particularly lately, as we've seen in speeches, is aging as well as mayonnaise left out in a summer hot day, instead of like a fine wine. I don't know if the election were held today, Donald Trump wins and he wins easily, I don't know how Joe Biden reverses this at this point, Jason.CHAFFETZ: Horace, explained the -- from your vantage point, the phenomenon of Donald Trump. Why is he doing so well with so many people? I mean, across the entire spectrum, he's doing exceptionally.HORACE COOPER, PROJECT 21 CHAIRMAN: Okay, so there's two factors here. One is that the former president is doing quite well, but there's the other factor. The existing president is doing very, very poorly. You mentioned the ability of one to be able to speak off the cuff, and the other to have to, Joe Concha did at least, have to use a teleprompter, it's -- we can stipulate, our president is tired, he is aging, he isn't competent.But here's the real issue -- the real issue is it is the actual program, the actual public policy, the fatal mistake of progressives is they believe like when the president went to Morehouse that you have to talk to the audience as if they're from outer space. They're, yes, people who are Black, but they pay a mortgage, or they plan to.They plan to get married. They plan to travel. They plan to live life -- if you watched the rally of Donald Trump, what you saw was a man that talked to Americans. It turns out that all Americans don't like it if you show up at the Amtrak station or the rail station and somebody pushes you off.It turns out that all Americans, Black ones and Browns, Whites, don't like if foreigners come into the country and you give them a debit card with $200, $300, $400 or $500. There's no special message needed.And as I predicted with my book "Put Y'all Back in Chains: How Biden's Policies Hurt Black America," what Trump has discovered and has recognized as president, policies that help everyone are popular with all Americans. It's Joe Biden that has the real problem here.CHAFFETZ: Yeah.And you have to your point, Horace, Joe, you got the governor of New York calling the people that attended clowns. I mean, literally, called them clowns for showing up, it's as if they don't understand the phenomenon of Donald Trump and they talk down and belittle these people and they have a very, very negative and dark message for the people of New York, and the other blue states in the entire United States, Joe.CONCHA: And, Jason, they don't understand history, recent history, where 2016, Hillary Clinton called Donald Trump supporters a basket of deplorables, and I will say and you may agree, that was the turning point in that election where you had the elitist Hillary Clinton talking down to supporters of Donald Trump in places like Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin all states that he won because he understood the struggles that they were going through under the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton says, oh, no, they're just deplorables, they're racist, they're xenophobic.So why would Kathy Hochul possibly go down that road and call all the people that attended that rally in the South Bronx clowns, it will backfire because again the Democrats used to be the party of the working man and woman, and now, they're the party of elites. And it shows. I mean, it's very obvious at this point, Jason.CHAFFETZ: Last word to you, Horace.COOPER: Look, this media that's supposed to be helping to inform the American public so they can make decisions about public policy are not equal. If a Republican called a rally in a predominantly minority community, the people who showed up, clowns, I promise you that's front page news on "The New York Times". It is shameful that this dismissive attitude exists with the progressives that lead the Democrats.This is the reason why so many Americans, Black, White or Brown, are running away as quickly as they can. Shame on them.CHAFFETZ: Yeah, and they -- and they refuse to look at it and understand it and digest it and it's going to cost dearly up and down the ticket.Joe Concha, Horace Cooper, thank you so much for joining us tonight on "Hannity".All right. Tonight, still no word on just who Trump will tap to be his running mate and while it's unlikely that former Ambassador Nikki Haley is in the running after a contentious primary, Trump and Haley are now both working to unite the Republican Party. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Nikki Haley said today that she's going to vote for you. It looks like the Republican Party is coming together.TRUMP: Yeah, I think it is coming together I think it's come together for a long time. You have to understand, we did the nomination process the fastest in history. You know, if somebody else were running, they'd still be running for another month in order to get the nomination. We did it two months ago.The party is together. I appreciate what she said. The party is together, and I think we're going to have a tremendous victory.REPORTER: We saw it --(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: Joining us now with reaction FOX News contributor Tammy Bruce and the "Tudor Dixon" podcast host, apply named after, Tudor Dixon.Thank you so much for joining us on "Hannity" tonight.Tammy, let's go to you first. Pretty magnanimous of both of them, to kind of throw their differences aside and say, hey, we're going to vote and support Donald Trump, and I thought Donald Trump was very magnanimous back to Haley -- to Nikki Haley for doing that.TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah. You know, this has always been an all hands on deck endeavor. It has to be. There's been a recognition and President Trump's doing what he's doing, and they're trying to destroy his life, he keeps doing it anyway because it's not about him. He actually knows this. He's standing up obviously for everyone else for America in order to make this work with the damage that has been inflicted, Jason, over the last several years and with what we what's been revealed over the last few years about the nature of the bureaucracy, Trump needs everybody on deck, the talent bench for the GOP is deep.And I also like Nikki Haley. I'm -- and I appreciate ambition. She's an ambitious woman. The founders knew that it was -- well, they've cast it as ambitious men and it's really ambitious people who were -- who saved this nation.So but he also needs people in the closest realm whom he can trust because we've also seen with the betrayal the lack of decorum and appreciation for him and certain other staff members over the years.So considering the nation's at stake, it's got to be people around him who understand the American people, why we are choosing him, the job that he's got to get done, that only he can do but he needs the support of a team and I think Haley understands that. Where she would land, I don't know. Ron DeSantis is in the same boat, right? You've got a lot of great personalities, but it's about the team that makes us work, understanding the importance and the power and the value of Donald Trump in this unique period of time and then we can start thinking about '28 and '32, all those other -- it's going to take generations to repair this damage.CHAFFETZ: Yeah. Tudor, I thought Nikki Haley, her timing was good. She did make a national pledge that she would support the Republican nominee and she followed through on that.TUDOR DIXON, FORMER MICHIGAN GOP GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE: Absolutely. I think it was perfect timing. She needed some time to show that she really wanted to think about what happen, talk to her donors and talk to her supporters, all of the people that came to those rallies, she needed to give them time also to heal from that, and decide that they were also going to come and bring the party together.But I think in addition to that, she gave the Democrats time to believe that they could take her supporters, and I think that was very key to make sure that for a while they believed they had a chance and she allowed those polls to creep up and creep up for Donald Trump, and just I believe at the right moment she came out and said, he's my guy, you guys pretty much always knew he was going to be my guy when I stepped out of the race, you knew I was going to vote Republican. But now, I'm coming out as he is high in the polls and Democrats are wondering what they're going to do to say I'm voting with him and I'm going to take my supporters with me.CHAFFETZ: So, the job of anybody running for office is it to expand the tent, right, to go out and get those independent voters and voters that would have voted on the other side of the aisle, maybe for somebody else. The game we have now is trying to guess who the vice presidential pick's going to be because Donald Trump said he's probably going to do that at the convention. That's less than two months away.So who's your best bet for each of you, what's your guess, who should Donald Trump pick for his vice president?Tammy, go first please.BRUCE: Well, you know, I've always thought the best team was Trump and DeSantis. We saw with uh the governor that he wasn't quite sure about how to handle a national campaign, that tells you that there is something that will -- there's a few things to learn before you become president. Being in that vice presidency would help him understand that what's happening to Trump isn't just for Trump, that this is again about teamwork but it's also about the power of a personality.He's young. He's in his 40s. I think that that is an excellent position for him.At the same time, you've got still -- you've got to make sure that people understand and that's the problem with Nikki. She didn't necessarily understand what American -- what the American people were thinking and doing, but I think DeSantis should be the choice, but there's plenty of others and I'll be thrilled with whoever he picks.CHAFFETZ: All right. Tudor, you're up. Who's your best bet?DIXON: You know, I agree. I actually don't think that it's that important. I think the people that he is looking at right now, the lists that have been leaked if they are accurate, all those people would make a great vice president, and would be able to step into that position if need be. They would be fabulous pair.But Donald Trump doesn't need to come out with a vice presidential pick to get people to come on to his team and to vote for him. People are coming out for Donald Trump.CHAFFETZ: Very true.DIXON: So, as much as we talk about the vice presidency, it's really about him and no one is going to help him or hurt him. He's going to carry that person through.CHAFFETZ: Well, I think those are -- I agree with both of you. I think there's a lot of good people out there, Governor DeSantis, Senator Tim Scott, Senator Marco Rubio, John Radcliffe, the former congressman, Robert O'Brien, the former national security adviser.But the best analysis I heard so far is that Dr. Ben Carson because he probably doesn't want to become the next president, even though he's highly qualified. He won't be trying to run while he's in office for four years as the vice president. That's an interesting thing and I'm sure we'll talk a lot more about that on "Hannity".Tammy Bruce, Tudor Dixon, thank you so much for joining us tonight.All right. Now, let's turn our attention to, well, Africa, because Biden once vowed to visit the continent by the end of 2022. But like so many other empty Biden promises, that never happened. But this week, Biden did host Kenya's president at the White House and as you might expect, it did not go well. Have a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Two years ago, our nation's first Black vice president, President Kamala Harris.You know, the African continent have a billion people not too soon. The idea we going ignore it -- it makes no sense at all.REPORTER: Two questions if I may on --BIDEN: No, one.REPORTER: I'm going to do my level best.BIDEN: Okay, next. I -- do I ask the next question as well?So people can grow, that's what it's about.(CROSSTALK)BIDEN: Whoa!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This concludes the press conference. Thanks, everybody.(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: Ay-ay-ay. Kind of hard to watch.This comes shortly after the White House was forced to issue nine, nine corrections to Biden's speech on Sunday. He's using a teleprompter, nine corrections.So how will Joe make it through an upcoming debate against the former President Donald Trump?Here with analysis, FOX News contributor Leo Terrell, and former White House physician, Congressman Ronny Jackson.Congressman, I'm going to start with you here. Nobody knows precisely what's going on or not going on with Joe Biden. There's times where he seems like his energy levels way up. There's other times when you think he's going to fall asleep and you wonder if he could walk off stage.So, you know, he's -- he's not getting more sprite and more alert and attentive. He's getting a little bit more suspect every single time he's up on stage.You're a former White House physician. I mean, it's one of the most rigorous jobs in the world. What's your assessment of what's going on?REP. RONNY JACKSON (R-TX): Well, you're right, Jason. He's not getting any better, he's going to continue to get worse, and I tell people, you can go back, you know, we got 40 years of tape to look at this man and see what he was like before.But just go back and look at when he first started running for president and compare it to now, unbelievable deterioration. I mean, it's markedly worse. And you're right, some days he has a good days, but those are very few, and I think that there's drugs involved of some sort. I don't know what they're giving him. I don't know, you know, what kind of cocktail the White House has got him on.His physician's not transparent. He won't come out. He won't talk to the press. He won't answer the questions about what medications the president may actually be on.But, look, you know, compare just the last few days to when he was on the State of the Union. There's something going on here and I assume that's what they're going to do when he has a debate, they're going to -- they're going to do whatever they did when he had the State of the Union, although I don't think that worked out real well because, you know, he may have been more alert but he was just an angry, yelling old man at that point, making little sense even then, but just being much louder about it.So, we'll see what happens in the debate. He's going to get absolutely crushed, crushed by President Trump who can stand up there for two hours without any prompting whatsoever, and answer any question they throw at him. And Biden is going to rely on, you know, he's typically has to rely teleprompters and having the questions prepared for beforehand, making sure there's coordination between the reporters and his team and him.So, you know, if that doesn't happen, if it's a fair debate, if they both get up there without any notes and any teleprompters and just have to go off, you know, what they have when they walk through the door, he is going to get destroyed.CHAFFETZ: Leo, you have a teleprompter speech where they -- the White House has to issue nine corrections, then you have that press conference which is very difficult to watch. I mean, it's just hard to watch somebody who's failing like that. But what's your analysis of what's going on? What's your -- what's your perspective?LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think you have a physician in the congressman just articulating the problems with Joe Biden. And I think it's time to be honest. Joe Biden is unfit to serve as president. He's hurting America.I could take what we have seen the last couple of days, Jason. I could take the testimony of the congressman and go to court and request a conservator for Joe Biden. He needs a caretaker at the expense of the American people and you got 90 percent of the media protecting him as if there's nothing wrong with Joe Biden.Everyone in this country knows there's something wrong with him. He's a laughingstock around the world. The key here is simply this, that early debate, in my opinion, that's an audition, that's his last chance to see if he can convince the Democrats.But everyone knows he's not fit to serve as president. Those are not gaffes. Those are something wrong with him mentally. And I would take the congressman into court and demand a conservatorship.One last point, I think there's elder abuse on the part of his wife, his family and the administrators, because they know what's wrong with him. And yet, they pretend and lie to the American people every day.CHAFFETZ: Well, not only that, not only does he have the cognitive challenges that are just out there for the world to see, but his policies are failing and he's not able to communicate where he wants to take this country. I think that is the number one reason why Joe Biden is probably going to lose this election.Congressman Ronny Jackson, Leo Terrell, thank you so much for joining us tonight on "Hannity".All right. Coming up, the Trump trial is set to resume on Tuesday with closing arguments. We'll discuss what to expect with Gregg Jarrett and Matt Whitaker, coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHAFFETZ: Welcome back to this special edition of "Hannity".Closing arguments in Trump's New York trial are expected to take place next week, with court resuming Tuesday. And with the trial nearing its conclusion, Americans across the country are sounding off on the egregious lawfare waged against former President Trump.Now, the question on everybody's mind is how is the jury going to vote. Are they going to vote to convict despite glaring flaws in the case? In his latest op-ed, Gregg Jarrett says that the case has reasonable doubt written all over it, but the antics from Bragg and Merchan are leaving the outcome a mystery.FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett joins us now, along with former Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker.Gentlemen, thank you both for joining us.Gregg, you wrote the op-ed. How do you see the case going into its final stage? This thing seems like it's been a marathon about nothing, but as you read it now, where do you see this case going?GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, it is hard to know. I hope the jurors are seeing through this sham case. You know, in 44 years, Jason, I have never seen such a shameful abuse of the legal system, a D.A. who contorted the law beyond recognition, a hyper bias judge who disgraced the bench with one-sided errant decisions, punitive rulings, the legal theory is totally made up, exists nowhere in the law, Alvin Bragg and Judge Merchan worked in tandem, as co- prosecutors to wrongfully convict.It'll never stand up on appeal. They know that. They don't care. They took non-crimes, dead misdemeanors disguised them as felonies, all of its pure fiction, and then they wrapped it up in a pretty little bow of legal deceptions and, of course, a lying witness in Michael Cohen.On top of it, the D.A. obstructed justice, concealed exculpatory evidence to the grand jury, manufactured this laughable indictment and then suborned perjury at the trial. They knew Cohen would lie. They wanted him to lie.This is guilt by smear. It is a performance trial, not a real trial, and I just hope the jurors can set aside their politics of Trump and see this for what it is.CHAFFETZ: Matt Whitaker, what's your -- what's your take on what's going on here? And the other part of it is having two attorneys as jurors, do you see that as a good thing, bad thing, how would you read that?MATT WHITAKER, FORMER ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yeah. Well, Jason, good to be with you. You know, I was in court on Tuesday, sat right behind President Trump. I watched the end of the trial, watched the defense rest, and then I sat in the afternoon through the jury instructions arguments, and I would have to say that I agree with what Gregg just said. Judge Merchan is clearly pulling for the prosecution, clearly wants this case to be a verdict against Donald Trump.But the American people see right through this. This is an absolute show trial. There is really no legal theory that is supported by the evidence and, you know, Michael Cohen is not only a convicted liar, but he admitted to stealing $60,000 from Donald Trump while he was on the stand and he also made up stories it appears while on the stand.And I'm guessing the jury doesn't check their, you know, reason and common sense at the door and they'll bring that to this and they'll discount everything that Michael Cohen testified in the case, completely falls flat on his face.CHAFFETZ: Craig, I don't think America understands what this case is even really about. I don't hear people on the street talking about, worried about it.It seems to be a case about nothing. This is a paperwork issue, and everybody knows that this is lawfare trying to pin Donald Trump as a -- you know, as a evil person, but there's nothing out there in the public that's driving anything to cause concern among the American people.JARRETT: I think the worry though is that if there is a wrongful conviction, that calculus changes dramatically. They don't realize that this is a case of reasonable doubt by far. Prosecutors failed miserably to prove anything. The private business records were accurate, not false.All the testimony shows that Trump had nothing to do with the computer entries. There's no evidence that Trump willfully violated election laws, indeed no election laws were broken which is why the feds decided not to prosecute. So where in the world is the fraud? Well, it's nowhere.You know, prosecutors claim that Trump intended to conceal another crime. But you know, Jason, they won't even say what that crime is and here we are at the end of the case. Is it a state law, federal law, tax crime, nobody knows. They won't say.Any other judge would never tolerate that. It's a violation of the defendant's Sixth Amendment right. So, you know, this is an Orwellian show trial. It's a charade but the worry is upon a conviction, you know, the calculus politically could change significantly to the detriment of an innocent man.CHAFFETZ: Matt Whitaker, last word to you. What do you -- what's going to happen this next week? Where do you see this going?WHITAKER: Yeah, well, we'll see final arguments on Tuesday. The jury may go out and deliberate starting on Wednesday. They are going to finally work on a Wednesday. I thought there was a very leisurely schedule that they were keeping up until now.But you know, I think it does boil down to your early question. These two lawyers that are on this jury are going to have a important role and that is to point out to their fellow jurors that this case is a complete miscarriage of justice and that there's really no legal theory that's is supported by these facts to convict Donald Trump.CHAFFETZ: Matt Whitaker and Gregg Jarrett, thanks for joining us tonight on "Hannity". Do appreciate it.All right, coming up, thanks to Bidenomics, Memorial Day barbecues are going to cost a lot more this year. Steve Moore and Lauren Simonetti will break it all down as the this special edition of "Hannity" continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHAFFETZ: Welcome back to this special edition of "Hannity".We're about to head into the holiday weekend and thanks to Bidenomics, this year's Memorial Day will be more expensive than ever. As inflation continues to wreak havoc on the economy, the price of groceries needed for your Memorial Day barbecue -- well, it's surging. In fact, according to one study, a typical cookout will cost about 10 percent more than last year.Meanwhile, according to new reports, more alarm bells are sounding for Biden's reelection hopes as Silicon Valley investors, they're embracing Trump. They know how to smell a winner, and they're smelling in Trump. After years of leaning left, they're looking at Trump.But the Americans suffering most under Bidenomics are living paycheck to paycheck, and if Biden gets his way, the financial squeeze is about to get even worse. Despite families struggling to make end's meet, Biden still wants to let the Trump tax cuts expire. That means it's going to be a tax increase, which will significantly impact Americans making less than $100,000 a year. So much for Biden's campaign promise to never raise taxes on anyone outside of the top 1 percent.Well, here with reaction, FOX News business correspondent, Lauren Simonetti, and founder of the Committee to Unleash Prosperity, Steve Moore, two of my favorites.Thanks for so much for joining us on this Friday night.Steve, let's start with you. Explain to people what's going to happen if the Trump tax cuts expire, because it is a tax increase and despite what Biden said, it's going to affect everybody.STEVE MOORE, ECONOMIST: Yeah, there's no doubt about it. In fact, you know, Larry Kudlow and I and a couple others helped put that tax plan together for Donald Trump. He knew what he wanted to do and he insisted in every meeting we had on that tax plan, Jason, that it'd be a significant tax cut for middle class folks.Now, we did cut business taxes to bring jobs back to the United States and that was a huge success, but a big part of it was increasing the standard deduction, by the way, now 90 percent of taxpayers don't have to itemize deductions anymore, so we simplified the code. But the average median family income, Jason, you ready for this, saved about $2,000 a year on their taxes. If you repeal it, you're raising their taxes by $2,000.But I want to correct you on one thing that you said, Jason, you know when you talk about Biden's claim of not taxing people make less than $400,000, because of the higher prices that you were talking about, every time you go to the grocery store, every time you go to the gas pump, every time you pay your rent or your utility bill, you are paying the Biden inflation tax. And it is a tax.CHAFFETZ: Yeah, it definitely is. You're right on that.Lauren, it's not just that Joe Biden is promising a tax increase by allowing tax cuts to expire, but the cost of energy. I mean, I -- the cost of fuel to going to the pump, just going to the grocery store, these are stunning numbers.And when I read that there's more than $1.2 trillion of America having debt on their credit cards, this is not a good formula for success.LAUREN SIMONETTI, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: The way we're getting by is swiping away all of our purchases, and we're not able to pay the bills anymore.You know, there's a silly number and we're talking about it. That your Memorial Day barbecue, the seven basic items are going to cost about $3 more this year than last year, and you could say, ah, just $3, who cares that relish went up percent in the past year. I don't even like relish.Well, it's that over and over again cumulatively for three years, constant increases everywhere you look that it's absolutely suffocating. The average household is paying $1,100 per month more since Biden became president. So, now, if taxes are going up, we're pretty dead set thinking interest rates are not coming down because inflation is still two full percentage points higher than when Biden took office in January of 2021, this is like the new reality. And a lot of people coast to coast are saying enough. These policies are suffocating us.CHAFFETZ: Steve, I go and talk to Americans all across the country. I defy anybody to tell me what the Biden plan is to tackle inflation and make the economy better. Nobody can tell you what the Biden plan is because I don't think he has one.But if you were advising a President Trump, should he get reelected, what should President Trump do in order to drive down the cost of goods and to get inflation under control?MOORE: You got to do two things, Jason. Number one, you've got to really start doing something about the massive increase in government spending and debt. And all of that $5 trillion that Biden spent, which was one of the most reckless things we've ever seen in this country, every single penny of that was paid for by just printing money. That -- it was obvious that was going to cause inflation.The second thing you have to do, grow the economy. They would call us supply centers, we want to increase the supply of goods and services. You increase the supply, guess what happens? The prices go down, and that's especially true in gas.Why aren't we Jason producing more oil and gas here at home?SIMONETTI: Yeah.CHAFFETZ: Yeah. It doesn't make any sense to me because we were energy independent. We made a chance -- made a choice not to, and now, Joe Biden, in order to bring down the price of gas is tapping into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. He's doing that for political purposes. It's not there to do what it's supposed to do, which is protect us in case of an emergency.So, Lauren, if you were advising the president, if you were the team with Steve Moore, what would you tell the new upcoming president? What should he do, you're -- you're not going to outdo Steve Moore. But what would you do in terms of tackling this inflation problem that we have?SIMONETTI: This is -- this is quite a promotion, Jason. I would say which Trump said last night in the South Bronx, MAGA-nomics replaces Bidenomics, low taxes, low interest rates, drill, baby, drill. You send that message to Texas, to big oil and they say sure. We are more than happy to. That's why there are these reports that president, former President Trump is having a dinner with the big oil companies and he says give me a billion dollars and I'll give you basically favorable energy policies, which would essentially be a tax cut on every single American, because energy and oil is used in every product, not to mention our cars.And many Democratic lawmakers are upset with that, and they're -- they want to probe. They wrote a letter to ExxonMobil, Chevron, which executives met with Trump and what was said because "drill, baby, drill" is such a foreign concept to them, that this could actually bring down the cost of everything for consumers and for businesses.And one other thing, because in Silicon Valley, you used -- if you were a Republican, I mean, you had to go into witness protection, and that's changing. We are hearing from very loud former Democrats independent saying, you know what, I might not like him, I might not even be a Republican, but I am not only voting for President Trump, I'm going to help him fundraise. We are going to raise money for Donald Trump because his policies are much better than what we've had over the past four years.These guys are technology big ideas, pro-growth, optimistic people and they too feel suffocated.CHAFFETZ: Yeah. It is about policy at the end of the day.Lauren Simonetti and Steve Moore, like I said two of my favorites, appreciate you joining us this Friday night.All right. Straight ahead, we'll break down the latest far-left lunacy coming out of California, after the break, as this special edition of "Hannity" continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHAFFETZ: And tonight, far-left lunacy continues in California. The deep blue state just voted to legalize composting human remains. Yes, you heard that right composting human remains for those who want environmentally friendly burials.Former Assemblywoman Christina Garcia who authored the bill said she wants her, quote, soil to be used specifically for a plum tree, end quote.Also in California, a bill in the state legislature would require all new cars sold in the state by 2032 to beep at drivers when they go miles per hour over the speed limit. Boy, that'll be fun. The bill narrowly passed its first vote in the state Senate on Tuesday. And if it becomes law, it has the potential to impact all car sales in the United States.Here now with reaction FOX News contributor Gianno Caldwell, along with "Just Listen to Yourself" podcast host, Kira Davis.Kira, I'm going to you first because you live in California. What's wrong with your state? Are you nuts? All the problems that are going on in California with homelessness and all that, and they are working on beeping cars and composting human remains? Really?KIRA DAVIS, PODCAST HOST: Yeah, really, that's -- that's where we're at here. I mean, I'm in big trouble if that that car beeping law passes because I have a lead foot. But this really is what we were laughing about it, but really both of these bills along with some other bills that are coming up this week, Jason, that are really disturbing in our assembly.It's really a symptom of a larger issue which is the most hated person in California is the taxpayer and the government gives us all these rules to live by. We follow the rules and the result of the rules is lowered revenue for the government or just more chaos. So what does the government do? Do they rollback the rules? No, of course, they just make more rules to protect the old rules and then they need new rules to make sure those rules work.And it's just constant chaos. California is the living embodiment of direct democracy. This is what direct democracy looks like, and it's absolute hell.I don't know to say except this is how we live here. And the human composting thing I think is very disturbing as well because what it does is it sort of subverts God's order and it makes humans into just another piece of trash to be composted, which I think falls in line with our current state administration's belief about the average taxpayer.CHAFFETZ: All right. Gianno, you're smart enough not to live in California. So give us your take on the craziness that is California.GIANNO CALDWELL, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, California continues to be the land of wacky ideas and social experiments, and I got to tell you, Jason, I did live in California up until two months until the COVID shutdown, May 2020, I decided to go where freedom ringed, and that was in Miami, Florida, which is where I am right now.But, you know, the people of California understood and still understand that things aren't going well there under Gavin Newsom's leadership since 2021 up until 2023, we saw about 800,000 people escape the state of California. And this year, just this year, in January 1st, we saw the state's highest tax rate go up to 14.1 percent for people making over a million dollars.Now mind you if you compare that to New York, you're going to get taxed 10 percent is their highest tax rate, if you make $25 million and more. The state can't help themselves, they're running people out left and right, and now, that's why they have a budget deficit.Just last year, they had about a $68 billion deficit. This year, they're talking about a $27 billion deficit, and next year, they're projecting a $28 billion deficit.They cannot help themselves, but they're ruining a beautiful state and that's unfortunate, Gavin Newsom what he's doing and his Democratic colleagues.CHAFFETZ: Hey, look, I was born in California but, fortunately, I was able to move out of there.Gianno --CALDWELL: Very fortunate.CHAFFETZ: Gianno, you're -- you're exactly right, and look, the problem here is they worship at the altar of big government. They think the government should control everything from birth to grave. Even before birth, they want to control everything you do all the time, that's why there are never enough laws on the books instead of giving people freedom and liberty.And so last word, real quickly, I want to give you each -- I've only got seconds left, what in the world is California going to do to get out of this mess?Gianno?(CROSSTALK)CALDWELL: They have to change leadership. You got 181,000 homeless people there, you need to change leadership 100 percent.DAVIS: Totally agree with Gianno, we have to vote -- we have the voters here to win some Republican victories but we need to motivate them, and that's the biggest challenge.CHAFFETZ: That's right. You're going to -- if you want different results, you're going to have to elect different people. California, wake up. Smell the roses and make it happen.Thank you both for joining us tonight on "Hannity".More of this special edition of "Hannity" right after the break.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Welcome to this special edition of "Hannity".Before we go, a quick programming note. The third episode of "Outlaws and the Lawmen with Sean Hannity" is available exclusively on FOX Nation. This episode follows legendary man hunter Bass Reeves. Have a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You contend that you had nothing to do with this killing, that your gun did it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, sir.I had a cartridge in the magazine. I couldn't throw it out to the barrel, so then I reached out for the knife, either my knife or my hand struck the trigger, and the gun went off.(END VIDEO CLIP)CHAFFETZ: It's an honor to sit in this chair that's all the time we have. I hope we take time, proper time to honor the men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice for this country. May God bless them.Gutfeld is up next.