KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to this special edition of HANNITY. I'm Kayleigh McEnany, in for Sean.Anti-Israel protests continue to disrupt college campuses across the country where police have now arrested thousands of agitators as they work to clean up the encampments, and oh, you better believe they need some cleaning.Some of what police have found left behind is beyond disturbing. Take a look at your screen. According to New York police officers signs were left behind on NYU's campus, they found this today, which read both "death to America" and "death to Israeli real estate". Isn't that nice?NYU did provide a statement this evening, saying they will continue to oppose antisemitism and discrimination on campus.Meanwhile, anti-Israel radicals at the University of Pennsylvania have begun circulating protest how-to guides, including one that's titled "flood the gates: escalate". That encourages protesters to take more risk. Well, what risk you ask? Another details exactly how to break into a building. That's what we saw at Columbia this week.And while all of this was going on, it took President Biden at least nine days, nine days to issue a formal statement condemning the violent protest.But during those nine days, he found time to put out a statement on Florida's abortion laws. That was important, that was under his name. He attended political fundraisers in D.C. and Delaware. He went to the White House Correspondents' Dinner. He yakked up with the press, had a great night. He even found time to joke with Howard Stern.This is what we call leading from behind -- if you can call it leading at all.In the press, they refuse to hold him accountable. Check out the temperature in the White House briefing room this week.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Oh my goodness, I wonder why. Good afternoon, everybody. Happy Friday. Don't say things don't get exciting in here sometimes.I -- really, there's no introduction that really is needed here. I have a special guest as you can see. Mark Hamill has decided to join us on this wonderful Friday.All right, geez. Weijia is not happy about Mark Hamill being here. That's okay. I'm not going to tell him. He's not watching probably I won't tell him.REPORTER: I don't -- I haven't seen --JEAN-PIERRE: Do you not --REPORTER: -- the movies.JEAN-PIERRE: Do you not like "Star Wars"?REPORTER: I will -- I --JEAN-PIERRE: You have not seen "Star Wars"?REPORTER: I will now. I will now.REPORTER: Booo --REPORTER: I know.JEAN-PIERRE: That's why that happened, folks. That's why I got the question.(LAUGHTER)REPORTER: I'm going to watch. I'm going to watch.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Laughing, joking, it's just a conversation among friends. Imagine if the president were Donald Trump. Imagine if I were standing behind the podium, you'd have Jim Acosta screaming, are you going to take the student loans from the anti-Israel protesters? Jon Karl, right on cue, will you withdraw support from any anti-Israel protester? And they wouldn't stop until we disavowed the support of every student in the country.Where is the adversarial press? They're committing malpractice as Hamas encampments continue to litter the country.But laugh at your own peril. Check out how Americans feel about the anti- Israel protests. According to a new Morning Consult poll, a whopping 76 percent support a police presence on college campuses, while 47 percent of respondents said they believe colleges should ban the protest. That's compared to just 30 percent who said they did not.Joining us now on the ground in New York with the latest, our very own Alexis McAdams -- Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Kayleigh. Well, we are in Washington Square Park, just a short walk away from NYU and the New School where we saw lots of chaos and protests last night. Take a look here on your screen, the NYPD moving into both of those college campuses earlier today clearing them out, what a rough wakeup call for protesters there, but you're looking at NYU there on your left after investigators moved in and took down a Gaza solidarity encampment, another one of those and then moving to that liberal arts college called the New School down the road to do the same protests. There were pretty chaotic when I was out there last night just around midnight.The NYPD is saying both schools are calling them for help. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NYPD: There is somebody behind this movement. There is some organization behind this movement, leaflets on how to protest, leaflets on how to commit civil disobedience, leaflets on how what to do when you get arrested. There is somebody radicalizing our students.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: Yeah. You heard it from the NYPD, right? They believe someone's radicalizing some of these groups that are involved.The afternoon though busy with faculty members at NYU picketing like this, telling us they are tired of the schools disciplinary actions against student protesters and do not want those protesters to get in trouble.Back out your live, Kayleigh, we can tell you that the NYPD continues to tell FOX News that one of the main concerns for them is outside agitators that they believe are going to move in and cause trouble and we've seen it every night here on the ground -- Kayleigh.MCENANY: Alexis, keep up the great work. Thank you very much.Well, as the protest rage nation, White House Republicans are taking action, launching multiple investigations into the anti-Israel demonstrations, with at least four Republican committee chairs participating in what House Speaker Mike Johnson is calling a House-wide probe on antisemitism in America. Boy, is that needed?Here with the latest, House Republican Conference Chair Elise Stefanik.Congresswoman, you are -- I would say -- the foremost voice on this issue. You grilled three presidents of universities, two of which had to resign in the aftermath. You're leading these probes, House Republicans, and we just heard Alexis talk about outside agitators. John Kirby said he can't find evidence of bad actors. We brought it for him.Let's pull it up. I want to bring this up for you. Glenn Youngkin, non- student participation. Mayor Eric Adams, outside agitators. Northeastern, University of Texas, University of Florida all pointing to outside agitators.Do you have any idea who these outside agitators are? Do you think you can find out?REP. ELISE STEFANIK (R-NY): Absolutely, and that's going to be part of this House Republican wide probe, Kayleigh. That's why it's so important that we've expanded this investigation because it's not just oversight of U.S. taxpayer dollars to these institutions, it's student visas for foreign students who are harassing Jewish students, who are attacking Jewish students on campus.The outside agitators piece absolutely we need to work with our law enforcement to get to the bottom of it, and we are committed to doing so. Take Columbia. NYPD put out data that over 40 percent of the individuals were outside and unaffiliated with Columbia. Now, you still have Columbia professors and Columbia students and they need to be expelled, but that's why these investigations are so important.And as we saw the hearing that where my questions went viral and the answers -- the morally bankrupt answers from the presidents of Penn and Harvard, that set off a real crisis across higher education that has been brewing for a very long time. And it's House Republicans that are going to lead to protect Jewish students and specifically condemn antisemitism and get rid of this woke radicalization.And you know who has been so silent? Joe Biden.MCENANY: He has and it's appalling.Congresswoman, you had another moment and this was with the president of Columbia, you asked her about a professor. His name is professor Joseph Massad. Joseph Massad called the October 7th attacks, that's where babies were slaughtered, he called these attacks awesome. I want to play the sound of when you grilled the professor of Columbia about if there were any repercussions for this professor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEFANIK: So let me be clear, President, that he was spoken to. Who spoke with him?MINOUCHE SHAFIK, COLUMBIA PRESIDENT: He was spoken to by his head of department and his dean.STEFANIK: And what was -- what was he told?SHAFIK: I was not in those conversations. I think --STEFANIK: But you're not aware --SHAFIK: -- that language was unacceptable.STEFANIK: What was he told? What was he told?SHAFIK: That that language was unacceptable.STEFANIK: And were there any other enforcement actions taken? Any other disciplinary actions taken?SHAFIK: In his case, he has not repeated anything like that ever since.STEFANIK: Does he need to repeat stating that the massacre of Israeli civilians was awesome? Does he need to repeat his participation in an unauthorized pro-Hamas demonstration?(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: It sounds like what she said is he praised a terrorist attack and just got a a stern talking to. Is that right?STEFANIK: It's right and what's worth -- worse, Kayleigh, is that she testified that he was under investigation. There were two professors that are pro-Hamas professors that I asked about and she said both were under investigation. It turns out that those professors then said to "The New York Times" the day after the hearing that there was no investigation, that they were not removed from the classroom, that they were not removed as academic chair.So this is a real legal issue for Minouche Shafik who is president of Columbia. You can't lie to Congress. That's a federal offense. And that's why the document requests are so incredibly important to make sure that we subpoena all the documents and lack thereof if there were no investigations which we now though know there were not.So there was a lot more here. I think the Columbia strategy was to do say whatever they had to say in the hearing to try to avoid the fate of the presidents -- former presidents of Penn and Harvard. But the problem with that, Kayleigh, is there was no action to back it up. Columbia had not taken adequate action to hold those pro-Hamas professors to account by suspending them and expelling them from campus, to hold the students to account by expelling them to campus, and to protect Jewish students. They failed on all those counts.MCENANY: I would love to see professor Shafik's text messages, that that'd be really revealing. Should she step aside based on just the public evidence you've seen?STEFANIK: Of course. I was the first member to call for her resignation. It's clear that it's out of control at Columbia. Just look at the fact that they are negotiating -- she negotiated. She set these deadlines for when the pro-Hamas encampment needed to leave and then she allowed these agitators to go beyond that deadline.There has been no enforcement. And what's most important here is Jewish students have not been protected on Columbia's campus, and it is required by Title VI, the executive order that you remember that President Trump put into place, that protects Jewish students. They have failed at Columbia to follow the law and Joe Biden's Department of Education has failed to hold them accountable. That's why it's been so incredibly important that House Republicans have stepped in in our oversight capacity as good stewards of taxpayer dollars but also making sure that we are reigning in these out of control woke higher end institutions and I will continue to lead this fight.MCENANY: Congresswoman Stefanik, you haven't just led, you haven't just gotten answers, you've gotten results. Thank you very much.Well, after reports circulated this week that the Biden White House is now considering in letting in refugees from Gaza -- imagine that. What a great idea -- dozens of Republican senators are pushing back, signing a letter encouraging Biden to focus instead on the hostages held by Hamas. We know there are five Americans among those hostages. We know there are babies like Kfir and Ariel Bibas, two young children kidnapped during the October 7th attacks. My family prays for those two little boys every night.Here now with reaction, Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson who signed on to that letter.Senator Johnson, so we think about 130 hostages, five Americans but we're prioritizing Gazan refugees? Why?SEN. RON JOHNSON (R-WI): Because Joe Biden wants to win Michigan. It's the only explanation I have for this. You know, he opened up our border, he's let in six, seven, eight million people in this country, couple million gotaways, we have no idea who those people are. We know all these military aged men from countries that are adversarial to America, members of unbelievably brutal gangs from Mexico and South and Central America.Why would you add to that clear and present danger by bringing Palestinians who let's face it, they view us as infidels. They not don't hate Jews, they hate us. They are also a clear and present danger.There is -- this makes no sense it is outrageous, but even worse than that, it is dangerous.MCENANY: You know, Senator Johnson, immigration has soared to the top of polling. I imagine the reason for that is the lawless southern border, the millions of people who have come in. I imagine the reason that it's not at the top is because we haven't led in enough Gazan refugees.Are we looking at a world where Biden may not take executive action to secure the lawless southern border, but he'll take executive action to let in Gazans?JOHNSON: Yes. The Supreme Court ruled in that current law exudes difference to the president. And so, President Biden had and used the same executive authority that President Trump used to secure the border to open it up. He wants an open border. His Democrat colleagues in Congress want an open border.The reason that he's getting away with this is the mainstream media will not hold them accountable and that goes back to really what's happening on campuses today. It's not just a one-off.I know they're talking about professional agitators. We've had professional agitators on our university campuses for decades. They're called the radical professors, faculty and administration. Not all of them, but let's face it, the vast majority of faculty are liberals.This has been -- they have relentlessly infiltrated our university system. They've been indoctrinating our children, our teachers and, of course, our journalists. They're no longer journalists. They graduate advocates for the left. This has been happening under the nose stealthily and deceptively for decades.MCENANY: You know, that's well said. One other question on the Gazan refugees. You know, refugee as you know has a very specific legal definition. There has to be persecution. It has to be based on nationality, religion or political views.So I'm thinking about these Gazans coming in as refugees and claiming persecution based on religion. So would they technically be coming here claiming that our greatest American ally Israel is their persecutor?JOHNSON: Well, again, asylum status, you have to have your own government threaten you with that that type of persecution. You know, Kayleigh, there's a reason that the Arab nations have not accepted Palestinian refugees for decades. Had they done that, we wouldn't have this problem today.But they don't do it because it's awful the way young children in Palestine are indoctrinated to hate, not only Jews but all infidels. And so, they're dangerous people and so they try and keep them bottled up in Gaza or the West Bank. And so, this continues to spill over into these, you know, horrific incidences.But we need to keep it bottled up. You know, we need to let Israel destroy Hamas and then try and live in peace with Palestinians who are willing to do so.MCENANY: Senator Johnson, thank you very much.Well, following the police raid at Columbia after students broke into an occupied building on campus, student editor at the Columbia law review are urging the school to cancel finals, no more exams, calling the police action, quote, highly emotional.Meanwhile, President Biden facing widespread backlash after finally commenting on the protest after days of silence by condemning, wait for it, Islamophobia. That comes amid the worst outbreak of antisemitism in years.And this wasn't the only time that this administration has equivocated -- they have a history of it.Here with reaction FOX News contributor Joe Concha and Harvard law professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz.Professor Dershowitz, we heard the administration condemn antisemitism but include in there Islamophobia, at a time when antisemitism is what's raging across the country. Now, there's a pattern of this. I want to play some remarks from the vice president and the press secretary following October 7. Let's listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: For years, Muslims in America and those perceived to be Muslim have endured a disproportionate number of hate fuelled attacks. As a result of the Hamas terrorist attack in Israel and the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, we have seen an uptick in anti-Palestinian, anti-Arab, antisemitic and Islamophobic incidents across America.REPORTER: What is the level concern now about potential rise of antisemitism in light of everything in Israel?JEAN-PIERRE: So, a couple of things. Look, we have not seen any credible threats. There's been questions about credible threats. And so, just want to make sure that's out there. But Muslim and those perceived to be Muslim has endured a disproportionate number of hate fuelled attacks.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Now, Professor Dershowitz, Islamophobia exists. A six-year-old boy lost his life in that country for that reason and that is tragic, but it is not truthful to say that in fact it is the Muslim population that has a disproportionate number of threats. FBI data in fact says Jews are the number one victims of hate crime, six times higher than the second group.ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR EMERIUTS: Particularly in universities where antisemitism and anti-Zionism is systemic and pervasive.You know you talked about Professor Joseph Massad. Let me add a fact to that, when he was up for tenure, I opposed this tenure because the following is report order to have happened, he called on an Israeli student, he didn't know he was Israeli, the student spoke and Professor Massad said to him, are you Israel? He said yes. And Professor Massad said reportedly, you cannot speak in my class unless you're prepared to admit that you're a war criminal and participated in war crimes.MCENANY: Wow.DERSHOWITZ: This is not a man who should be teaching at any university. Can you imagine some teacher saying that against the Black person? Of course not. But Joseph Massad and people like that are the pied pipers who are leading these zombie-like cult no-nothing students to the river in the sea. And their parents should be appalled that they're exposed to teachers like that.This is not academic freedom. This has nothing to do with the First Amendment. Let me explain why. There isn't a single professor at Columbia or anywhere else who would march for the free speech of pro-Israel speakers. They're disguising their pro-Hamas and pro -- anti-Israel attitudes behind free speech. Free speech for me but not for thee.But there is no real -- and President Biden is it fault here because what does he do? He equates antisemitism and Islamophobia. It's not the case.For everything, there is a season. And this is the season where Israel is being attacked. Can you imagine a president after there were lynchings in the South getting up and saying, I condemn the lynchings of Black people, but I also condemn any reverse discrimination against white people who aren't getting jobs? No, you just condemn antisemitism. You leave it for another occasion to then if it's if it's warranted talk about Islam or Islamophobia.And by the way, he mentioned among his people, Palestinian Americans. No reference to Israeli Americans. Israeli Americans are being attacked today.I have a friend who's about to get an honorary doctorate at a major university and there were going to be protest because it is Israeli. So why do you single out Palestinian Americans and not even mention Israeli Americans? It's a double standard.MCENANY: That's -- it's a great point.You know, Joe, you and I love to read the headlines and love to read behind the headlines, you know, the sources and what they're saying. And I want to play a little game of cause and effect for you. I have two headlines I want to bring up.One is from "Axios" and here's "Axios". This is May 2nd, Democrats enter panic mode as Gaza protest erupt. A Democrat was asked if he has political heartburn, he said how could I not, right? Okay so that's May 1st.May 2nd, Joe Biden makes the comments, and then NBC says Why Biden decided to speak out. A White House official referring to the outside pressure described the decision of Biden to speak Thursday as we answered the mail.So pure politics?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, everything that we see out of this administration, this White House is seen through the prism of politics and retaining power. Bernie Sanders is absolutely right when he said this is Joe Biden's Vietnam that you're seeing on your screen right now, and it's only going to get worse, Kayleigh, over the summer and especially at the Democratic National Convention, which will make the 1968 Democratic National Convention, which was complete chaos look like Disneyland, because social media this time is going to pour kerosene on an already raging fire in that city during that time in August.And by trying to play both sides here, I'll leave it here, Kayleigh, look at the polls we're seeing now. Trump up by 12 nationally in a Rasmussen poll today. He's up by 9 in a CNN poll just out a couple of days ago, up seven points in Harvard-Harris. And these are national polls.The news gets even worse in those seven crucial swing states, North Carolina and Georgia, Arizona, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania where Trump is leading in all of them on average. The White House needs a new strategy here and fast in terms of messaging because this election is rapidly slipping away from them, and it's all self-inflicted, Kayleigh.MCENANY: It is.Professor Dershowitz, I have a question for you and let me know if I'm wrong on my facts here. You were a professor at Harvard law school up until 2013. I was a student at Harvard Law School from 2014 to 2016. And I saw during those years a very different --DRESHOWITZ: Sorry, I missed you.MCENANY: I was on Harvard law schools campus until 2016, and I saw a definite turn towards radicalism in a way I didn't see it at Georgetown or at Oxford.I'm curious. You're at Harvard until 2013, did you see this radicalism then or is this something new?DERSHOWITZ: I did. No, I did and I complained about it. But let me tell you the one characteristic of Harvard law professors and they're going to be upset because they're my friends and I was their colleague for 50 years. The one characteristic is lack of courage. Many of them actually don't like what's going on, but they're terrified about speaking out publicly for fear that their student evaluations will go down.Look, this shouldn't be about politics. Every Democrat, every Republican, every liberal, every conservative should be condemning unequivocally antisemitism. I am embarrassed about the silence of Harvard Law School and Harvard University as the great philosopher Burke once said, all that's necessary for evil to prevail is for good people to remain silent.Shame on you, Harvard professors! Yale professors, Princeton professors, stop being silent. Speak out. Condemn publicly what you have condemned to me privately. Don't hide.MCENANY: Gosh. Well said.You know, Professor Dershowitz, I'd do anything to have you back on those university campuses. Thank you very much, Professor Dershowitz, Joe Concha..Coming up, how much of an impact will these anti-Israel protests have on voters come November. We'll discuss this.Plus, the latest report about Trump's vice president. You want to hear that with Tammy Bruce and Doug Schoen, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of HANNITY.How much will these protests impact the election in November? According to Bernie Sanders they could be devastating for Joe Biden. He went so far as to say his support for Israel could be a Vietnam moment for his presidency. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): I am thinking back and other people are making this reference that this may be Biden's Vietnam. Lyndon Johnson in many respects was very, very good president, domestically, brought forth some major pieces of legislation. He chose not to run in "68 because of opposition to his views on Vietnam.And I worry very much that President Biden is putting himself in a position where he's alienated not just young people but a lot of the Democratic base in terms of his views on Israel and this war.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Ouch, when you've lost Bernie Sanders.Meanwhile, young voters, they're warning Biden, he must change course and he must do it quickly.On the other side of the ticket, you've got President Trump, his running mate search, he's been conspicuously quiet as reports say he appears to be in no rush to decide.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Tammy Bruce and Democratic pollster Doug Schoen.Doug, I want to start with you. Look, you know a story is big when I'm in car pickup line when I'm at ballet and I hear suburban moms talking about this frustrated by it, not liking what they're seeing.So you're losing suburban moms on one end, and then on the other end, you've got this poll. We'll pull it up. This is CNN, Donald Trump winning young voters by 11 points, and I realized young voters are fickle but this has got to make you worry on both sides.DOUG SCHOEN, DEMOCRATIC POLLSTER: You know, Kayleigh, I'm very worried for not only Joe Biden the Democratic presumptive nominee but for the entire ticket. I think, Tammy, and you would both agree with me, this is weakness not just taking the wrong stand on the Middle East. This is a pervasive failure of his presidency, an approval rating now well below 40 percent, underwater on every issue.It began with Afghanistan. It is now -- in the Middle East, you can't tell which side the president is on. I would say he needs to show strength, support Israel, tighten the border, do something about inflation but provide leadership, not try to play politics if he wants to be reelected, because as we sit here today, he is heading for defeat and given these most recent polls you alluded to, those polls show a big defeat in the offing.MCENANY: Tammy, that's wise counsel, but it doesn't appear that Biden's advisers are doing what Doug said. No, they're talking to "Politico Playbook", and here's what they're saying. And yes, of course, you expect them to defend themselves, defend their record but here's what they say.The Biden world counterpoint comes courtesy of the recent Harvard youth poll which found economic issues not the war in Gaza dominating the list of issues that matter to young voters. Only 2 percent of respondents cited the Israel Palestine conflict as their top issue.Now, summer's coming. These protests could go away. I'm sure they'll be at the DNC, they could return in the fall. So is this just nothing to see here or is this meaningful?TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It's meaningful and, Doug, hit the nail on the head. All of the issues that we're facing, from the economy, to the border, to what's going on in the middle of the country with the issues of interpersonal relationships, rising crime, rising violence in general is based in a of courage. It's based in a lack of a vision for the country. We have a president who licks his finger and puts it up in the wind to see where the wind is blowing. He tries to have it both ways because he stands for nothing.And this is why you have a world on fire, the country is turning into a dumpster fire because there's no leadership.It reinforces the reality that the president of the United States as the founders knew is an incredibly important individual that -- who where -- who that that individual is, how they direct people, what they stand for has an impact on the direction of the country. The people running Joe Biden clearly seem to have perhaps a division of sympathies or they're cowards as well, but this is a kind of dynamic where they want to say they're sympathetic uh to the Palestinian cause, and then threaten Israel.Biden is saying bad things now about Japan -- I mean, it's a very strange dynamic. But I would suggest that as a reminder to everyone, and Bernie Sanders -- I mean, talk about, you know, you're watching a plane crash, and he's standing up trying to say his issue is what made the plane crash.But there are 33,000 students enrolled at Columbia, and we don't ever get really a full number of who the protesters were, but if you just look at who's been arrested at City College and Columbia, it is less than 1 percent of the -- of the student body at the those colleges. Which tells you, when even they have a controlled environment, communication control, environmental control, a weak leadership and administration in the colleges, they can't even bring out their own people.And there's 2,000 arrests around the country on 40 campuses. So this is not about young people in that war, or even about Hamas and Jew hatred. It is about other issues and Biden's weakness is what the problem is.MCENANY: You know, Doug, I do want to quickly get to president Trump and his VP pick, the name circulating are JD Vance, Marco Rubio, you also hear Tim Scott. You've heard Doug Burgum. I've seen Elise Stefanik in reports, and Chris LaCivita from the campaign, I'm paraphrasing him here, says, look, it's anyone's guess. You know, it's a fool's errand to really read these reports.But I'm curious as a Democrat, who would you fear most as Trump's vice president?SCHOEN: Yeah, I would fear someone I don't think he's going to pick, which is Nikki Haley. Now in a close election, you need to consolidate your party. But if Trump sees himself 7, 9, 12 points ahead, he is more likely I think than not to go with a loyalist which Nikki Haley most assuredly is not.Of that group, having watched JD Vance on TV the other night, he is a very effective advocate of the Trump positions. I would say if I was advising the president, the former president, which I am not, I would recommend JD Vance as the strongest advocate and most thoughtful advocate of MAGA policies.MCENANY: You know, in 20 seconds to you here, Tammy, reverse question, who would you want most?BRUCE: Look, I want the person who understands the MAGA policies, who can be loyal to President Trump, who can understand what the Washington, D.C. swamp will try to do to them and who can win in '28 and '32. It's that person who I want him to choose, that this is not a helpmate. This is a teammate and I know that President Trump cares about the country first and I think he knows that that's the kind of person he needs next to him.MCENANY: Fair enough, Doug Schoen, Tammy Bruce, thank you.Well, up next, we'll break down what happened in court today during Trump's New York trial with Greg Jarrett and Pam Bondi. You will not want to miss what happen in court as a special edition of HANNITY continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of HANNITY.Today marked the 11th day of Donald Trump's falsifying documents trial here in New York City. Trump's former communications director Hope Hicks took the stand, and meanwhile, Judge Merchan rejected the prosecutor's request to question Trump about his gag order violations.Here's what Trump has to say while leaving court earlier today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: They've been after us for years. You take a look at what's happened, years, the Democrats, the radical left, they've been after us for years and they've destroyed people's lives. They've gone out, hired lawyers, they've been with lawyers for years, being sucked dry, and it's a shame. It's a shame what they've done to this country.These are vicious, vicious radical left lunatics. In the meantime, you can't do anything in the country. The country is going to hell.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Here now with reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, along with former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi.You know, Gregg, the big take takeaway today, the big moment today was Hope Hicks testimony. And look, I believe this case should not have survived any motion to dismiss. It is baseless, but Hope Hicks comes up. She's a witness for the prosecution and she served the purpose of crushing the prosecutor's argument. She talked about Trump wanting to protect his family, his wife, not wanting newspapers delivered to the house because of the negative stories. And the whole purpose of the prosecution is to say this wasn't to protect him and his family, this was for the purposes of the campaign.GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Yeah. I mean, Kayleigh, this was an epic miscalculation by prosecutors, calling Hope Hicks. It backfired against them because you're right, she told the jury that Trump's motive for suppressing salacious stories like Stormy Daniels was to protect his wife, not the campaign. Well, that demolishes Alvin Bragg's central theory that Trump's intent was to help his election and therefore he violated campaign laws.Well, no, he didn't, and it also happens to corroborate the findings of the feds who said that, you know, no crimes were committed or campaign finance laws broken. But you know, it's actually worse than that because Bragg claims in the indictment which is all important that Trump falsified business records. That's absurd, his lawyer negotiated the stormy payments which were legal and book them as legal expenses because that's what they are.So even the basis for the criminal charges isn't true, which makes this a trial in search of an imaginary crime that exists nowhere in the law.MCENANY: You know, Pam they have on their team a top prosecutor from Biden's DOJ that decided to step down and go work with Alvin Bragg. So they've got big guns, but the prosecutors look like neophytes, because every witness they have called, Keith Davidson, Hope Hicks, none of them praise their star witness Michael Cohen. In fact, they diminish his credibility and Michael Cohen is the star witness.PAM BONDI (R), FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: The star liar witness, Kayleigh, and you know, we know Hope Hicks. Hope is not only brilliant, but she's credible and she's kind. And I bet she came off that way to those jurors today.And she made Michael Cohen look like the sleaze that he is. She said -- what did she say? Not only -- not only is he -- he's Mr. Fix It because he usually breaks it. So she really crushed Michael Cohen.But, you know, those prosecutors, they are acting like neophytes, even though they have the judge basically sitting at the prosecution witness. Kayleigh, that's one thing that I can't get over in this case, the things that this judge keep keeps doing over and over again, silencing President Trump, letting Michael Cohen speak at length, and he has every legal right to gag Michael Cohen, yet he has not done that.Serial killers and murder trials are afforded more rights than they are giving Donald Trump in this trial, and I firmly believe Judge Juan Merchan will be reprimanded by the JQC. Not only reprimanded, I think he should be removed because of his actions in this case. It's that bad -- the rulings that he's making and the things that he's doing to silence Donald Trump.MCNENANY: You know I only have a few moments here, but I'd love to get a really quick just 10, 15-second reaction from each of you on this. I have a theory and it's this, look, the prosecution is doing things that defy understanding. There's this thing called the Molineux rule from the Weinstein case, which means you can't bring in uncharged crimes to infer guilt in this crime. But they keep bringing up Access Hollywood which has no relevance to this.Gregg, my theory is they don't care if this gets reversed on appeal, they just want a conviction and they want it before Election Day in November.JARRETT: Yeah. This judge, Merchan, has allowed evidence, irrelevant, prejudicial material. It's reversible error. But you're right, they don't care. They want a conviction. You know, this has to be hands down the most legally anemic case ever brought, with two weeks into testimony and prosecution witnesses have yet to provide a scintilla of evidence of crimes.MCENANY: Pam, they just want a conviction. Is that the case?BONDI: They do, and then, Kayleigh, what you said in Florida is called Williams rule, and it would not be admissible in this case. The "Access Hollywood" tape alone is enough to reverse it.MCENANY: Well, I'm convinced there is no guilty verdict here. We will see though. We will see.Coming up, Jimmy Failla weighs in on "Star Wars" actor Mark Hamill visiting the White House today. How nice. And we'll tell you why the force is definitely not with protesters in Portland. That and more as a special edition of HANNITY continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of HANNITY.Instead of focusing on the many crises facing our nation, the Biden administration is busy hosting celebrities at the White House. "Star Wars" actor Mark Hamill made an appearance at the White House press briefing today.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARK HAMILL, ACTOR: I just got to meet the president he gave me these aviator glasses. You know, I called him Mr. President. He said, you can call me Joe. And I said, can I call you Joe-B-wan Kenobi?(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Well, Karine Jean-Pierre was later asked what Hamill was doing at the White House to which she replied it was a, quote, meeting about what the president has been able to do on behalf of the American people. Ah, that solves it.Here now with reaction, "FOX News Saturday Night" host Jimmy Failla.Jimmy, what -- hey, what would have happened if I would have gotten a "Star Wars" inspired nickname in the briefing room? Would I have gotten those laughs?JIMMY FAILLA, HOST OF "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": No, I can promise you would not, but let's acknowledge the historical significance. It's not every day that Luke Skywalker defends a guy who needs a walker, okay? That's kind of new.I thought this was so absurd. Obviously, tomorrow is May the 4th. They're trying to score some pop culture votes as you know. Okay, but the problem here is every time you look at Luke Skywalker, you're reminded that our president is harder to understand than Chewbacca, okay?Chewy speaks better English than Biden does. So I don't think this was what they were going for.MCENANY: Jimmy, wow, you just spiked the football there. I feel bad for them.All right. Well on to this, this was yesterday at Portland State University. This was the anti-Israel protesters and you see them here. Look at this, they're charging up police while wearing bike helmets using trash bins as makeshift shields. But they were not a match for the police.They really thought this would work?FAILLA: I love this so much because understand these people are nerds. We're being held hostage by like a half a million people who were picked last in gym. Are they raging -- are they raging antisemites? Yes. But they're all slobs. Most of these people need to try jogging from the river to the sea before they overthrow our country. Losers. But it was a hilarious video.MCENANY: You don't think they look athletic? Are you blind? Are you blind?FAILLA: Not very blind, and I just want to say, this crap never happened at my alma mater, Nassau Community College. The only time the only time we protested is when they ran out of beer at nickel beer night, amen.MCENANY: Oh, that is worth a protest.Well, Jimmy, this is according to a "New York Post" article. So crying at the gym is totally normal. And by the way, those protesters, I'm sure they cry at the gym. One sports psychologist said that if someone is experiencing stress or going through a tough time and emotional release such as crying happens during a workout, do you work out, number one? And do you cry while you do it?FAILLA: Wow, I love that you didn't assume that I work out, because I do look like Magic Mike's brother Tragic Mike. I get what you're doing here. No, I -- first of all, the only time I would cry at the gym is if I was looking at the cost of an Equinox membership, because it's like $5,000 a month to go there.But no, the gym is supposed to build strength. This idea that they're encouraging weakness is a grift, but that's how you wind up getting knocked down by a cop when you're running with a garbage can shield. You don't go to the gym to cry. You go to the gym to work out, assuming you go.MCENANY: Jimmy, I thought you were supposed to get endorphins at the gym.FAILLA: That -- that's what I mean. That this is the opposite of that. Thank you.MCENANY: Yes, yes.FAILLA: You get it.MCENANY: Thank you. I just -- I just put a footnote on the point, Jimmy.FAILLA: Did you ever?MCENANY: All right. Thank you so much.Everyone, watch Jimmy Failla, Saturday night, tomorrow night, watch it. I'll be watching.Coming up, the CDC just released new guidelines about bird flu. How concerned should the American people be? Kevin Corke has a full report next as the special edition of HANNITY continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of HANNITY.The CDC has just released new information about bird flu viruses.Kevin Corke joins us now with the latest -- Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Kayleigh, skeptics are warning tonight the government is at it again, that is setting the stage for yet another pandemic panic yet to come. Then again, some health experts say this is just a responsible warning.So here's what's happening: according to the CDC, bird flu continues to appear to pose a, quote, low risk to the public, at least for now. However, and this is important, the CDC scientists claim they ran into roadblocks, investigating a human case of this pandemic potential virus just this year. In fact, according to a report published by the "New England Journal of Medicine", epidemiologists from the CDC were ultimately unable to access a Texas dairy farm where a human was allegedly infected with the virus back in March.That prevented they say investigators from being able to determine just how the workers might have been exposed to the virus on that farm. What's more? Since then, at least nine states, again according to the CDC, have allegedly detected cow infections from the virus.You get a ballot box. You get a ballot box, that's what some critics are saying. Let's hope they're wrong.Back to you.MCENANY: Kevin, thank you very much.Well, unfortunately, that is all the time we have left for tonight. Remember you can catch me weekdays at noon on "Outnumbered" right here on the FOX News Channel. Tune in at noon, eat your lunch with us."GUTFELD!" is next. Sean's back on Monday. Have a great weekend