KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to the special edition of "Hannity". I'm Kayleigh McEnany, in for Sean.And breaking tonight, President Trump did something no Republican presidential candidate has done, and listen to this, more than 40 years. He took his campaign to the South Bronx and what was a creative and audacious attempt to welcome new voters to the Republican Party. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm here tonight to declare that we are going to turn New York city around and we are going to turn it around very, very quickly. We're going to bring safety back to our streets we're going to bring success back to our schools. We're going to bring prosperity back to every neighborhood, and every borough of the greatest city in our land.We're going to reduce taxes. We're going to bring businesses and big taxpayers back to New York. Got to bring them back. Got to bring them back.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Think Biden could draw a crowd like that today? Not holding my breath.Well, in 2020, President Biden in that area where Trump was, the South Bronx, he won 83.3 percent of the vote. Most political opponents would look at a number like that walk away. They would write off that area of the country. But President Trump, he decided to double down to fight harder.That's what President Ronald Reagan did in 1980 when he also c campaigned in the Bronx. And that same year, President Reagan went on to win the state of New York, something very difficult for any Republican.But today, the South Bronx, it's 64 percent Hispanic, 31 percent Black. And recent polls show President Trump outperforming traditional Republicans with these communities.Check out "The New York Times"/Siena poll of six key swing states. It shows President Trump garnering 23 percent of the Black vote. And according to "The New York Times", I'm sure they love reporting this, this was in the pages of "The New York Times", this would be the highest level of Black support for any Republican presidential candidate since the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.And that same poll shows President Trump within three points of outright winning the Latino vote.Alexis McAdams is on the ground in the Bronx. She joins us now with more.Alexis, what are you seeing?ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Kayleigh.Well, throughout the day, we saw a large group of people from all over New York City, including right here in the South Bronx, showing up to show their support for former President Donald Trump. They say he showed up for the South Bronx, so now, they'll show up for him when the election comes.What did they focus on today during that rally? Well, Trump talked about immigration, crime and inflation, which are all things that people care about. Some of those voters, Kayleigh, telling me that's what's going to flip them to vote Republican. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: You used to vote Democrat this year. That's going to change.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It is. I think that uh the cost of living has spiraled out of control, I don't see Biden doing anything about it, and also, there's an influx at the border that needs to be dealt with and I think that Trump is demand to do it.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: And people talking about crime specifically here in the South Bronx. They live around it, they grew up with it and Trump really hammered that home today, Kayleigh, talking about the NYPD, saying that when he is reelected, if he is reelected, he would get into office and try to work hard with the Democratic Governor Kathy Hochul and also the Democratic mayor there as well, to try and see what they could do to fix subway crime and things that people care about, including the migrant crisis.So, really, it was interesting to see all the different groups of people who show up today from the Black community and also from the Hispanic community who say this year, they're not voting Democrat like they have for their entire life but they're voting for Trump, Kayleigh.MCENANY: What an evening. Alexis, thank you.Now, let's bring in Trump 2024 national press secretary, Karoline Leavitt.Karoline, it is a pleasure to have you on. You know, I used to hold the same job as you during the 2020 election cycle, and I would say the absolute best part of my job was traveling the country, talking to everyday men and women and hearing their life stories. And I'll never forget being in Michigan, it was snowy, it was just before Christmas and a young man came up to me, tears in his eyes and he said, I'm here tonight because of President Donald Trump's First Step Act, and I get to be home with my family because Trump cared enough about my community to make a change. I'll never forget that moment.I'm curious, tell me about some of the people you meet every day in your new role.KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP 2024 NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY: Well, that is the best part of this job, Kayleigh, is traveling across the country with President Trump as you said and meeting the great patriots who make this country what it is, the best country in the history of this world.And they believe in President Trump because his message resonates with all Americans, regardless of the color of their skin, how much money they make, what state they come from. He is offering them a message of hope and optimism for the future, to put them ahead of illegal citizen or of illegal immigrants.President Trump is offering to put more money back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. He's offering to demand law and order in our inner cities to restore peace around this world, and that's a message that all Americans can get behind. And that is why you saw more than 25,000 people show up in the deep blue Bronx tonight, bringing the same energy and enthusiasm that we felt a few weeks ago in deep blue New Jersey where more than 100,000 people showed up to hear from President Trump.And Joe Biden campaigned on being a unifier in chief. He has unified this great country in their disgust and contempt for the Democrat Party's failed policies and in their support of President Trump and the make America great again movement.MCENANY: You know, it's really remarkable to see and to see how far we've fallen on President Biden's watch. I -- I have this moment, it's just ingrained in my mind I remember we were on Air Force One, it was 2020, the months before the election, and I remember "The Wall Street Journal" editorial board coming out with a piece. And I want to read part of it to you and I want viewers to listen very carefully to these words.It's "The Wall Street Journal" editorial board. It was September 2020: Before the pandemic, income growth soared and poverty fell to the lowest rate since 1959. And here's the key part, lower and middle income folks were finally sharing more in the country's growing wealth, notably median household incomes increase more for Hispanics, Blacks, Asians and foreign born workers versus white and native born Americans.I read that to you, Karoline, because the bottom half of the country was gaining and that doesn't always happen. But now, it's reversed. We live in a tale of two economies as "Axios" said, and I imagine you hear that often.LEAVITT: Absolutely, and November the 5th is going to serve as a very grave contrast for the American people, between a former president and President Trump who rebuilt our economy, who led a record low unemployment for all Americans, Hispanic Americans, women, men and women with college degrees, without college degrees, all Americans were thriving under his leadership because of his pro-growth, less regulation, less red tape agenda.And he also signed the largest tax cut in American history. Now, here we are four years later, Americans are suffering from the worst inflation crisis in a generation and Joe Biden is offering nothing to solve it. He's actually pledging to sign the largest tax increase in American history, take away more harden dollars from struggling families across this great country.And so Americans feel that tangible contrast in their lives under life in President Trump's America, life in Joe Biden's America and that's why President Trump is leading in every single battleground state and while Joe Biden is on defense trying to keep the Democrat base together and alive, President Trump is going on offense in traditionally Democrat communities, bringing his winning message to every corner and every voter of this great country.MCENANY: Yeah. And we learned today, New Hampshire's in play. It's really remarkable to watch.Karoline, thank you so much.Well, onto this, it's been quite a week in the legal realm as we wait eight long days, eight days, the jury gets to sit out and listen to all sorts of things as we wait for court to reconvene. The thousands in -- of people in the Bronx however tonight, they're not fazed by this lawfare campaign. In fact, President Trump appears to be gaining in popularity as he sits in a Manhattan courtroom called the ice box.Joining us now with analysis, FOX News contributor Jonathan Turley.Professor Turley, I really wanted to speak to you tonight because Judge Juan Merchan, it was -- I believe the day you were sitting in court said he would do his best effort make his best effort to get jury instructions by close of business on Thursday. I checked and as of 6:06 p.m., no reporting of jury instructions which a trial's verdict can hinge on.Have you heard where are these instructions at?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, that's a great mystery and it's in some ways apropos of the entire case, because in the closing arguments in this case, we may have the first clear explanation from the prosecutors of what their theory is, that is we -- there's still a debate going on up to closing arguments as to what was the crime that Trump supposedly was trying to cover up with these bookkeeping violations. And the prosecutors are saying it could be one of three things, it could be state or federal election violations or maybe a tax violation.So it's not surprising that we're going into the -- towards the week of closing arguments, we don't even know what the rules are. And keep in mind, the defense has to write closing arguments. They need those instructions to figure out what they're allowed to say to the jury.So it's unfortunately consistent with this entre ire case.MCENANY: Professor, you mentioned that we don't know that second crime, the crime that would elevate the falsifying business records into a felony. I want to pull up the United States Constitution which I assume still matters to everyone in the country. This is the Sixth Amendment, and I want to read this to our viewers.What you find in the Sixth Amendment is in all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation.So how is this not a Sixth Amendment violation?TURLEY: Well, that's one of the many issues the people have raised. What the judge is saying is you do know, they're trying to show that you used unlawful means to influence this election. It makes no sense at all. There is no election violation in this case. It's just plain and simple.The legal expert that was going to testify was going to state that even if you were right and it was a campaign contribution, this could never have influenced the election because you wouldn't have to report into until after the election. None of it holds together.But what is really troubling is that the judge has said that the jury doesn't have to agree on what that crime is. So there's three different crimes here. So you could have four jurors each coming up, each group coming up with a different understanding of what happened in the case, and the judge would still consider that unanimous.It is that ambiguity and fluidity that troubles many of us. I mean, this is -- I don't know what -- when I went into that courtroom, I was really struck by how minimalist this judges that is -- he's giving the minimal amount to the defendant and giving the prosecutors a just an enormous amount of room to operate.MCENANY: Well, yeah. As -- I believe it was Trey Gowdy said it was the apocalypse happening when he ruled on behalf of the defense.Jonathan Turley, thank you as always.All right. Well, Trump's visit to the Bronx is triggering a lot of Democrats, including AOC, and even the governor of New York. In fact, Governor Hochul just referred to her own constituents in the Bronx as clowns.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D), NEW YORK: Well, I'll tell you, it won't make a difference at all, Jake, and that is for Donald Trump to be the ring leader of -- and invite all his clowns to a place like the Bronx. New York will never ever support Donald Trump for president. We know him better than anyone and that means we understand what he's all about is just for himself. So this state will go solidly behind Joe Biden for president, as it has in the past.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANBY: Unbelievable. Here now with reaction, Missouri Senator Josh Hawley.Senator Hawley, thank you for being here. Governor Hochul basically as I heard it called people at that Bronx rally clowns, this comes weeks after she said, I'll quote her exactly, young Black kids in the Bronx who don't even know what the word computer is. She had to walk that one back.But how do you insult children in the Bronx, apologize and then weeks later insult the people on our screen?SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Yeah and then she wonders why all of these blue collar voters are voting for Trump. I mean, the easy answer is these folks are tired of being talked down to by these Democrat politicians, these limousine liberals. I mean, I'm sure she set aside her glass of white wine in order to make that statement.And listen, they want their country back. I mean, they don't want the border open. They don't want illegals coming in here taking all of their jobs. They just want their country back.And Donald Trump is the only person out there who's talking any sense. And by the way, you want to talk about clowns in New York, they're all in that courtroom as you were just reporting on, Kayleigh, I mean, what a joke that is. Everybody can see it. It's a total clown show, and the more the American people look at it, the more they know that, oh, my gosh, this is a joke and Donald Trump it's just helping him. It's just helping him.MCENANY: It is and, Senator Hawley, I mean, as you've heard -- as you've heard professor Turley say, there's layers of reversible error here and what he means by that is I think there should be an acquittal and it's actually my prediction, it'll be a hung jury because we are in Manhattan.But let's say worst case scenario if there's a guilty verdict, it should be reversed on appeal because as you know as an attorney, a former attorney general, the facts must match the law. But the New York appellate division, they've ruled against Trump on the gag order they've ruled against him on moving venue, they seem as bad as this judge.So can Trump remove this to federal court, go to where we have fair justices and get an appeal in the federal realm versus the New York realm?HAWLEY: Well, let's hope it doesn't come to that, Kayleigh. But listen, I mean, this is such a joke and I think the important thing is the American people are seeing it. I mean, here the Democrats all of their plans are falling apart, you know, they'd hoped to keep Trump in trial forever. They'd hop that that would mean that the public would desert him.In fact, the longer he's in trial, the more the public supports him because they can see this is totally a hoax of a case. They can see it's all political persecution.And my gosh, I mean, if they convict him, that'll probably just seal the election. I mean, let's just have it now.The truth is the American people see right through this, Kayleigh, right through it. And it doesn't matter how much they try to rig it. They are not -- the American people aren't going to stand for it I think they're making that loud and clear.MCENANY: Senator Hawley, just a few moments here, but you do have two lawyers on that jury, any lawyer, any lawyer worth his salt, would see the facts do not match the law.So do you think there's an attorney on that jury who will say to the rests, guys, this doesn't make sense. This isn't how our legal system works.HAWLEY: I sure hope so because it is quite clear. I mean, listen, their chief -- the prosecutor's chief witness is a serial liar and perjurer. You just had Jonathan Turley explain there is no theory here of any crime whatsoever. That's before you get to the fact that their number one witness has contradicted himself, what, a billion times on the stand.It is a shambles. It's a joke and I hope the jury will see that.MCENANY: I do, too. Senator Hawley, thank you.Joining us now is Florida Congressman Byron Donalds. I just watched him on the stage with former President Trump.I watched you, Congressman Donalds say New York's now MAGA country. What did you see at the rally?REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): Kayleigh, I -- what I saw was something amazing. You saw people of every ethnic, every ethnic background out there in the Bronx being supportive of President Donald J. Trump because they have witnessed firsthand the disaster of Democrat policy. They know Donald Trump did a great job as president and they want him back.The crowd spoke for itself. I think the estimates were about 25,000 that were out there in that park to hear from President Trump. It was an amazing event, probably the best political rally I'd ever been to.MCENANY: You know, Congressman, I want to play for you a contrast that Trump drew and I thought it was brilliantly done. In politics, you want to say, here's where we are, here's what where we will go.Listen to what Trump had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: New York was where you came to make it big. You want to make it big, you had to be in New York. But sadly, this is now a city in decline. We have filthy encampments of drugged out homeless people living in our -- places that we've spent so much time with children where they used to play we have lunatics killing innocent bystanders by pushing them onto the railroad tracks for sport. Don't worry. It gets so positive.Remember, we're going to win. We're all winners. We're going to win so big, we're going to make it bigger and better than ever before, remember that.Importantly for the people that are before me today, we are going to make life in New York affordable again. It's gotten totally out of control.The minute crooked Joe Biden shuffles out the door, I will rapidly build the greatest economy the history of the world.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Congressman, compare for me for one moment that with this from our current president at Morehouse College.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: What is democracy? Betrayal of broken promises soon leave Black communities behind. What is democracy? You have to be times better than anyone else to get a fair shot. Most of all, what does it mean? As we've heard before, to be a Black man who loves his country, even if it doesn't love him back in equal measure.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: What do you think of that?DONALDS: What I think is, is that Joe Biden has done such a terrible job that now he must demonize everything and everybody. He has to have such a negative campaign.Compare that with President Trump who is uplifting, who's talking about what America can be, about how he did it once and he can actually do it again, and do it better than before. That is the message that Americans want to hear, not just Republicans, not just Democrats, not just independents, Americans.And in President Trump's speech today, he was talking to the Americans that are in New York and Americans across the country. We can get this job done for all of the American people. We all can thrive, but it starts with firing Joe Biden and making Donald Trump the 47th president of the United States.MCENANY: You know, Congressman, I've been to dozens of Trump rallies. There's a lot of love, but yet the media, you'll see people like Hochul say it's a bunch of clowns. What's your response to that?DONALDS: What I would tell the governor of New York is that she needs to actually take some time to talk with her citizens, because her citizens are looking for a better future, not just for New York, but for the rest of the country. They are people that work hard every day, they are people who have toiled in the misery and some of the misery frankly that does occur in New York. And they want something better.She has failed them. Eric Adams has failed them, and you can go before them, Andrew Cuomo, and the other governor before Eric Adams. He was so bad, I forgot his name that's how terrible he was.They want something better and Donald Trump can deliver that and it's about common sense. It's about common sense and right thinking. It's not about just political agendas. It's doing the right thing about the American people.Kathy Hochul doesn't understand that. That's why she's a failure as a governor.MCENANY: Congressman Byron Donalds, you were dynamite on that stage tonight. Thanks so much for coming on.All right. Well, coming up, Joe Biden had some trouble with directions this morning. We'll show you the very worst blunders of the day and get reaction from Mike Huckabee and Doug Schoen, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of "Hannity".It was another rough day for Joe Biden who looked lost and confused during a White House visit from the president of Kenya. This preceded a disastrous joint press conference which came to a pretty awkward and abrupt ending. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Two years ago, our nation's first Black vice president, President Kamala Harris.REPORTER: Thank you, Mr. President. Two questions if I may on --BIDEN: No, one. Okay, next.I do -- I ask the next question as well,By the way, you asked about -- you implied that we weren't doing anything anywhere else. Well, we kind of occupied around the world but we're also engaged in Congo, in the neighborhood.REPORTER: Mr. President, could you tell me what the African Union is doing as well as Kenya is doing when it comes to the humanitarian crisis in the Congo? Thank you.BIDEN: What was my question? Oh!(INAUDIBLE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This concludes the press conference. Thanks, everybody.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Whoa, that that kind of made me jump, probably you, too.This has sadly become the norm for President Biden who struggles to make it through even the shortest events. Things have gotten so bad that earlier today, Nate Silver, that famous pollster, actually suggested that Biden may need to consider stepping aside if his poll numbers don't improve before the convention.Here with reaction, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and Democratic strategist Doug Schoen.You know, Governor Huckabee, that was Karine Jean-Pierre, the press secretary, whose voice that you heard stopping the president. I never had to do that for President Trump when I stood in the back of the East Room. I'd venture to say the current governor of Arkansas, Governor Sarah Sanders never had to either.I mean, what does she think? What does Putin think when they see things like this?MIKE HUCKABEE (R), FORMER ARKANSAS GOVERNOR: Well, I can assure you that Donald Trump never got stopped by any staff member because he was completely in charge of what was going on in the room. And if somebody had said that's it, you're -- you're needing to quit, he would have said, no, I'm going to take six more questions. And if you say that again, I'll take 16 more questions.It just shows a complete difference between the way Donald Trump runs the White House and the way Joe Biden is run by the White House, although we're not really sure who's in charge over there. But I have a feeling people at the DNC were calling for cleanup in aisle 4 between watching this and the contrast between watching Donald Trump give a nearly two hour speech of all places in the South Bronx, where he was wonderfully received.And his message was the polar opposite of Biden's divisive message of telling Black people that they just don't have any hope, that there's no real room for them in America. Donald Trump says, we don't care what color you are. We want everybody to succeed. It was a stark day of contrast.MCENANY: It was -- yeah, you know, who's running the White House? Sometimes, it's a comms staffer or disguised as the Easter Bunny as we saw one year.You know, Doug, I was reading a piece and it was a really good piece by Alex Seitz-Wald, reporter at NBC, and it was talking about this notion of Joe Biden stepping aside and Alex Seitz-Wald said, look, we don't have smoky back rooms anymore. This would be nearly impossible to do and he made a pretty compelling case that no nominee has ever been adversarial removed by their own party.So do you think this is a possibility if there's a disastrous debate or no, he's the nominee?DOUG SCHOEN, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Well, I think he is most likely the nominee. The national polls are within a point or two now and even though the swing states are showing really a clear Trump lead, Biden is within the hunt. But there's a but, Kayleigh, and the but is a disastrous debate as you suggest, which given what we saw today, could well happen. And more bad polls and more bad performances could lead what happened to Richard Nixon in the summer of 1974 to happen to Joe Biden.It's a long shot but the party elders could come to him and say, Mr. President, it's time to consider stepping aside.Again, most likely, Joe Biden will be the nominee and will run the campaign not withstanding his challenges. But it's within the realm of possibility, I don't rule it out.MCENANY: You know, I agree with that assessment.Governor Huckabee, unlike the Republican convention, the Democratic delegates are not bound. Moreover, within the party platform, there's a provision that allows for removing a nominee under certain circumstances and Donna Brazile, former head of the DNC, said she even thought about doing this with Hillary Clinton after that fall at the 9/11 Memorial.Do you think that this is a possibility?HUCKABEE: I think it is, and I want to say one of the reasons I have such great respect for Doug Schoen is what we just heard, and that's an honest answer to a tough question for a Democrat.But I think more and more Democrats are watching these kind of moments with Joe Biden where he can't get through even two minutes of a teleprompter speech and he either goes off script or he goes off the stage. He has to be helped. He mispronounces words. He invites or acknowledges people who are currently being held hostage by Hamas.I mean, if it was once in a great while, I think people would say, look, everybody makes mistakes. We all do. Anyone that goes to a podium, you just make mistakes and you have flubs.But that's not what we're watching. We're watching a consistent train wreck every time he gets on his stage.MCENANY: Doug, you know what's interesting is I asked you last time we spoke, you know what vice presidential candidate would you fear most for Donald Trump to pick and you mentioned Nikki Haley. Nikki Haley endorsed Trump yesterday.But one thing I'm fascinated by is when you look at the polls, this is "The New York Times"/Siena poll when you look at the cross tabs, how are Biden and Trump performing with their party. Trump's polling in 87 percent of the GOP. This, you know, Haley voter seems to have come home, but Biden's pulling in 76 percent of Democrats.What problem is he having with his party? Is this the Gaza protest?SCHOEN: Yeah. It's the Gaza protest, plus the progressive left, Kayleigh, and what we're seeing is that the far-left of the Democratic Party is staying away from Biden. Younger Democrats are staying away from Biden. So he's campaigning to the left and he's not able to do what Donald Trump did today in the South Bronx I think it's one of his best speeches ever and what Governor Huckabee did in Arkansas as an inclusive progressive conservative.Joe Biden is basically pandering to the left, rather than running to the center. And I think it's because of the poll numbers that show he's not getting enough Democrats now to win the election. It's a big problem he faces, one that's not going away anytime soon.MCENANY: You just a few moments, Governor Huckabee, do those young progressives come home?HUCKABEE: I don't think so. I think they're angry and they're mad at anyone and everyone, and there's nothing that Joe Biden is saying that excites them.They're hurting financially. They don't feel really included, and I don't think they come home. They just sit home.MCENANY: Wow. They don't come home. They sit home. You always have a way with words.Governor Huckabee, thank you. Doug Schoen.Up next, part two of Sean's interview with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Earlier this week, Sean spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. They discussed the antisemitism on college campuses, the Biden administration's tepid support of Israel, and so much more.Here's part two of their conversation.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: I made the statement over and over again. When -- when congressional appropriations were made to help Israel out in your war on terror, then came conditions from the Biden administration and a pressure campaign for you not to finish the battle, the war that they started against you, and not to go into Rafah or the aid would be withheld. The term I used on this show right here is that Joe Biden surrendered in the war against radical Islamic terrorism.I stand by that today. I don't think he should be telling you how to fight your war. I think what America's message to you should be is what Israel's message was to us after 9/11, go win your war against terror, because you're right -- you hear "death to Israel, death to America". It's not just Israel. They want death to the free world.So I really was very disappointed in President Biden, probably not something you want to get too deeply into.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: Well, look, I appreciate the fact that President Biden came to us at the beginning of the war, and the help that he gave us, but obviously, we have a disagreement on Rafah and I said, look, Rafah is the -- where four of the 24 terrorist battalions of the Hamas terrorist army are there. We can't leave them there, anymore that the allies could leave 20 percent of the Nazi army intact in Germany with their own territory and don't go into Berlin.If somebody said to you, leave 20 percent of the Nazi army, don't go into Berlin, that would be unacceptable. It's unacceptable to us, too. So we're going in there.We're trying to reach an understanding with the administration, I hope we do, but we'll do what we need to do, what we must do, to make sure that Hamas doesn't retake Gaza and do what they promised to do, and that is to repeat the horrible October 7th massacre, the beheading of women after they raped them, the burning of babies the slaughter of the innocent, the taking of hostages, women, children, you name it, Holocaust survivors. We're not going to let them do it.So I hope we can reach an understanding but we'll do what we must do. And let me tell you, I think there's a vast support in Israel for the position that I'm talking about and there's also vast support in the United States. I've seen this in the numbers, 80 percent of Americans, 80 percent of Americans when ask who do you support, Israel or Hamas? Eighty percent say they support Israel, 20 percent say they support Hamas. That's the same 20 percent who say that Bin Laden was right and America was wrong.So there's something deeply wrong with that fringe, but it's a fringe. And you can see that. You know these people -- people instinctively understand that we're fighting your fight that by -- we're sort of standing in Hamas in the Iran's way, Iran with all its henchmen, Hamas, the Houthis, Hezbollah, they want to conquer the Middle East and they want to threaten you. They want to develop intercontinental ballistic missiles tipped with nuclear weapons to threaten you. Yes, you, Sean, where you're sitting and every city in the United States.Israel stands in their way. So for them, we are you and you are us. And you know what? On this, they're right. And you know where I saw that? I saw that in the mobs on American, you know, these vocal, violent crowds on American cities --HANNITY: I mean, terrible.NETANYAHU: Yeah, what do they do? They burned Israeli flags and they burned American flags. They chant "death to Israel, death to America".They not -- they don't hate America because of Israel, they hate Israel because of America, because we're part of and parcel of this common civilization of ours with our common values.And the most moving thing that I saw was in the University of North Carolina the other day because the Palestinian supporters, they burnt an American flag, an Israeli flag, then they took down an American flag from the flag pole and hoisted a Palestinian flag. And these frat brothers came, took down the Palestinian flag, rehoisted the American flag and then stood around the American flag pole to protect it.And they got a million bucks in crowdfunding. You know, it tells you where the American people are.HANNITY: Amazing.NETANYAHU: They understand that our war, our war is your war, our victory will be your victory. I think that the vast majority of Americans understand it, and by the way, the vast majority of Israelis understand it, and that's why they support my goal of with total victory over Hamas, releasing all our hostages and making sure that Gaza doesn't pose a threat to Israel in the future.HANNITY: What is our aim, Winston Churchill said. I can tell you in one word, victory, and then he expanded. Victory against the monstrous tyranny.NETANYAHU: Well --HANNITY: Let me go -- ahead.NETANYAHU: I was going to say that no hit job and no absurdity, and no perversion of justice and travesty of international law will make us not achieve these goals and I appreciate the support we've been receiving from the American people over the years. We had -- I deeply appreciate the support that President Trump gave us over the -- over his administration, he recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital, he moved the American embassy there, he recognized our sovereignty in the Golan Heights, he got out of the disastrous Iran deal.And I also appreciate the support we got from President Biden and his administration even though we have our differences occasionally.I think, by and large, what you see is that the vast majority of the American people across the political spectrum, not including the extreme fringes on the progressive side, really understand our battle, which is your battle, and understand our values which are your values, and they're not going to be hoodwinked by this kangaroo prosecutor in The Hague.HANNITY: Let me ask you one last question and I know you have to run, sir. There is a tape -- there's a about 50-minute tape that the IDF has put together and on October 7th, the Hamas terrorists that were killing and raping and beheading and murdering innocent citizens in your country, it's all on tape. It -- I mean, literally, it was -- it was -- it was as reminiscent as Nazi Germany and I don't use that analogy lightly, as anything I've ever seen in my lifetime.Now, there is a way -- I don't think most people have seen it. I do believe if people saw it, it would change the opinion of many people. I understand the reluctance and resistance because it would impact families, but you could certainly pixel out the faces of the innocent that are slaughtered in this tape. I would like to one day air that? Is that possible?NETANYAHU: I'm going to check that and double check that because I've asked the same question and we've had the difficulty that you mentioned with the families. We'll do what we can because I think you're right, I think if people see the horrors, the savagery, the worst violence meted on the Jewish people since the Holocaust. Yeah, I think it would sway a lot of people to understand what we're up against.And in fact, 80 years ago in the Holocaust, we were completely defenseless. I mean, nobody came to our aid and we were slaughtered in horrible ways. Here, these Hamas terrorists backed by Iran had the same intent as the Nazis. They would kill every last man, woman and child in Israel, if they could. They would slaughter millions of Jews here.But they had the same intent but not the same capability because after the surprise attack, you know, we rebounded and now we're killing these terrorists, they're targeting them, not the population, we're comporting with the laws of war but we're finishing them off and we intend to complete the job because the days when Jews are slaughtered, and our defenseless are gone, they're not going to be -- that's -- because I -- we always say no more, you know, never again -- well, never again is now.HANNITY: Go ahead -- well, just to be clear I make every single consideration to protect the identity, so these I would not bring any more harm to families that have suffered even in their lifetime.There are many of us, sir, that stand with Israel and are pulling for your victory in this war on terror and frankly, I'm very confident you will win it and win it decisively and as President Trump says, I hope it happens quickly. These are rough times.Thank you, sir, for being with us.NETANYAHU: Thank you, Sean. Thank you and God bless America.(END VIDEOTAPE)MCENANY: Straight ahead, Bidenomics is driving up the cost of fast food and Americans aren't happy. We'll discuss with Clay Travis and Sean Duffy, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Biden's economy has become so bad that even fast food is now out of reach for many Americans. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, fast food prices are up 31 percent since 2020.One Lending Tree survey found that 78 percent of Americans consider fast food a luxury these days and many would rather cook at home than pay $20 for a burger and fries.But in an effort to get customers back, McDonald's and Wendy's have both announced new value meal deals. They're set to hit store soon.Here now with reaction, Outkick founder Clay Travis, along with co-host of "The Bottom Line" on FOX Business, Sean Duffy.Sean, "Fortune" put it this way, they said the new quiet luxury is burgers and fries. Is this where we are in Biden's America?SEAN DUFFY, FOX BUSINESS HOST: Yeah. Listen, so again, when I can't afford a Big Mac or a Happy Meal for my kids, we know the economy is horrible. And as we look at the data, wage increases haven't kept up with inflation, so people are poorer under Joe Biden's America.Just one other stat for you, Kayleigh. Most Americans, 60 percent of Americans think that we're in a recession and if you look at it technically, we're actually not in a recession. But if you feel like you're in a recession, your family's in a recession.And they're angry that Joe Biden and his minions come out and say, listen, things are great, Bidenomics is working. We're not in a recession, so you know, buck up, camper.And the bottom line is the America -- you want -- you want to make the American people angry, tell them things are better than they really are as they look at their own wallets and checkbooks.MCENANY: Clay, I love the way that "Axios" put it. They said it it's a tale of two economies because you have older men and women that have low fixed mortgage rates, you have a stock market hitting record highs and Democrats love to tell us how great the stock market is, yeah, that helps our 401(k)s. But other people who don't have 401(k)s, don't have stocks don't have these great mortgages, they're hurting.CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, look, everything needs to be inflation adjusted. And I think what we're learning is the way that we report economic related data is flawed because it occurs on the premise of 12 months. And so, when they come out and they say, hey, you should be happy, inflation is only 3.4 percent or 3.5 percent or whatever it is in the current month cycle, that sounds great.But as anybody knows who comes out of Christmas, when you're eating a lot of food, slowing the rate at which you are putting on weight doesn't make you skinny. And so, what you really have to look at is from the time that Joe Biden came into office in January of 2021, to this present day, he has devalued the dollar to such an extent through inflation that most people out there have had to increase their income by around 25 percent to have the same purchasing power.And I feel this. I don't have as many kids as Sean, but every time I go through the Chick-fil-A drive-thru for me, my three boys and my wife, we pay $50 in fast food. That's a lot of money. $50 used to be you go out and sit down at a restaurant, have an actual waiter or waitress come over.And people are angry when they feel that, when they go through the checkout line at the grocery store and things cost $100 more than they remember it costing four years ago, and then Joe Biden comes out and he says, oh, by the way everything's great, you just don't understand basic economics. No, people understand when they have less money in their wallets, in their pocketbooks, and that's right now.MCENANY: It's inconceivable. You know, Sean, I'm a millennial and we graduated during the Great Recession and a lot of people couldn't find jobs and then you had this reprieve with Trump and then, all of a sudden, Biden comes in and now some of my friends, they're staring down mortgage rates at 7 percent and older people tell us, oh, well, they used to be 13 percent. Well, we're also staring down prices for houses that are above $400,000 is the median price for a home.Young people really have it hard.DUFFY: Yeah. So one of the -- so not just, you know, home prices have gone up, interest rates have gone up, so people can't get into their first home. But rents have gone up on top of it. But the price of a new or used car, those have skyrocketed. You're insurance rates for that car have gone up.And so, people are getting pinched at every single turn, and rightfully, Kayleigh, they blame Joe Biden. So, you look at the massive trillions of dollars of spending under Joe Biden, but even the student loan bailout, trying to make things better for young people -- by the way, it hasn't worked in the polling. He's not gaining voters in the youth vote. But that's inflationary itself.So everything that Joe Biden tries to do to make things better actually makes it worse. And so, when people sit back and look at their lack of income, the lack of money they don't have in their checking account, they actually blame Joe Biden, which is why he's losing lower income Americans. They're trending to the Republican Party. They're trending to do Donald Trump because they remember that they had more money under Donald Trump. So, that is a remarkable turnaround in these shifts of rich to Democrat and poor to Republican.MCENANY: Well said. Clay Travis, Sean Duffy, thank you.More of the special edition of "Hannity" after the break. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of "Hannity".Before we go, a quick programming note, the third episode of "Outlaws and Lawmen" with Sean Hannity is available now. It's exclusively on FOX Nation. This episode follows legendary man hunter Bass Reeves. You will not want to miss that. I'll be checking it out.Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left tonight. Remember, you can catch me weekdays at noon on "Outnumbered" right here on the FOX News Channel, every day, have our lunch with us. We got a big week coming up, guys. We'll see you tomorrow.But for now, Greg Gutfeld is next. Have a great night.