SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".All right. We have a lot on deck tonight, including some very bad news for Fani Willis in Fulton County, Georgia; more porn star drama from New York's kangaroo court; a flesh-eating worm inside of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s brain; and the Boy Scouts of America are now extinct. Why? Because of woke leftwing politics.And then this moment from Capitol Hill -- you really need to see it to believe it. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. BURGESS OWENS (R-UT): Would you force your daughter to undress in the bathroom with boys who are also undressing?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, we're going to play the education secretary's response. Wait until you hear this, that's coming up.But we do begin with a very serious story out of Washington, D.C., our nation's capital. For the first time in American history, your spineless, your gutless, your cowardly president has now abandoned our closest ally in the Middle East, in the greatest time, the greatest hour of need.Breaking tonight, Joe Biden says that he plans to cut off weapons to Israel if the world's only Jewish state continues to fight back against the Hamas terrorists that are now holding Israelis and American hostages.Now, the same terrorists that raped, killed, tortured thousands of men, women and children, burning babies alive in their cribs just a few months ago, the same terrorists that have stated in their charter that they want Israel's complete destruction, Joe Biden's message to the entire world, American lives don't matter, our allies lives, they don't matter, Joe doesn't have your back ever, just let the terrorists have their way and hope for the best.Now, if radical, ignorant freaks on college campuses, and antisemitic and anti-American Islamic extremists, if they just yell loud enough, Joe, your president, will do whatever they want. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I made it clear that if they go into Rafah, they haven't gone into Rafah yet, if they go into Rafah, I'm not supplying the weapons that have been used historically to deal with Rafah, to deal with the cities, to deal with that problem.I've made it clear to Bibi and the war cabinet, they're not going to get our support if in fact they go on these population centers. We're not walking away from Israel's security, we're walking away Israel's ability to wage war in those areas.INTERVIEWER: So it's not over your red line yet?BIDEN: Not yet, but it's -- we've held up the weapons. We've held up the one shipment. That's an old shipment. We held that up.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And all Joe said to Russia and Putin and Iran and the mullahs was don't, but this is what he's saying to Israel as they're defending themselves? Joe, they were the victims of the worst terror attack in their history.Joe Biden has likely frankly just sealed the fate of every hostage that is now in captivity, all for what? A few votes in Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania.He has no moral compass. Your president has no moral clarity, no courage. Frankly, he has no decency, and he has a brain that is barely functioning and can't distinguish, what, right from wrong, good from evil? He's now impotent, cowardly when it comes to standing for the cause of liberty and freedom over radical terrorists?Ten years ago, Obama's defense secretary, you might recall, Robert Gates, said Biden has been wrong on nearly every major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four decades.Well, Robert Gates was right then and he's right now. And now, America and the world is in serious danger. Our allies see what Joe Biden is doing to Israel and they all know they can no longer trust the United States.And look at the national security disaster for example that he's created right here at home and it's our country at risk why because of Joe Biden's open borders allowing unvetted illegal immigrants from the hostile enemy countries, let's see China, Russia, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Yemen, Afghanistan.Joe has created what is a clear and present danger to every one of your -- you and your family security and your safety. The world is less safe, our country is less safe, because Joe Biden is your president.All of this comes amid spiking inflation, unaffordable housing, violent crime, levels that are through the roof, multiple wars overseas, and now, the president surrenders to the radical mob that controls his party and has surrendered in terms of fighting the war against radical Islamic terrorism? He's chosen to abandon America's role as the leader of the free world, and is now emboldening these Islamic radicals worldwide.He is the Neville Chamberlain of our time, a president that only the mullahs of Iran could be proud of. The consequences right now are incalculable. In the end, this is a sad day for America, a moral failing of a magnitude we can't even begin to calculate.And mark my words, these actions will have dire consequences for this country and for the world. It's only a matter of time.Here with reaction is South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham.Senator, your reaction to this.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): Well, that was well done, Sean, heartbroken in a way because I know in Jerusalem tonight, they're trying to figure out what do we do? The only reason they're not dancing in Iran is because they don't believe in dancing.If you're Sinwar in the tunnel, this is a good moment for you. But what does this mean to America? It changes the game in all the worst ways in the war on terror.Here's what Joe Biden is asking. He's asking the Israelis to turn the war over to him and Lloyd Austin. To my friends in Israel, don't do that. Fight without the weapons, do not let Joe Biden and Lloyd Austin run this war. They will do for you what they've done for America.So, my fear is that the hostage deal was hard, now it's impossible. My fear is that Saudi Arabia that was thinking about recognizing Israel. And I've been working with the Biden administration for a year to bring that deal about. They would have a hard time right now if this continues signing up with a defense agreement with Joe Biden and his team.Who in their right mind in Saudi Arabia would turn their national security over to Joe Biden?So this is heartbreaking. It's dangerous. It's pouring gasoline on a fire.And every problem we had in the Mideast just got worse. This is a nightmare for Israel to be abandoned by their best friend in the world, and the only way you're going to change this is at the ballot box in November.HANNITY: You know, I don't know what this means for Israel. I don't know what it means for every country in the region. I mean, look at what he's already done with Iran, not only did he turn a blind eye to sanctions and allow the Iranians to sell oil and get rich, you know, what, 100 billion plus dollars, he was importing oil since March of '21 from Iran. He allowed -- we -- he gave a waiver to Iraq to give the mullahs 10 billion.He wanted to give them $6 billion in a -- in a ransom exchange. What part of Iran being the world's number one state sponsor of terror is he not understanding? And what part of what happened to Israel on October 7th is he not understanding here?GRAHAM: No, I think he does -- I think he doesn't understand and that's the problem.October the 7th was the largest loss of life of Jewish people since the Holocaust. They're surrounded by Iran who wants to wipe out the Jewish state. Hamas says we'll do it again and again and again. Their charter is to destroy Israel, not to help the Palestinians.Then you got Hezbollah with 100,000 rockets pointed at Israel from Lebanon. They're surrounded by radical Islamic terrorists that want to destroy the Jewish state, not help the Palestinians.And what is Joe Biden's response? To withhold weapons in a war that Israel cannot afford to lose.What did we do after we were attacked in Pearl Harbor? What did we do to end the war against the Japanese? We dropped two nuclear weapons on two Japanese cities to make sure our soldiers didn't have to invade Japan where you could have a million lives lost.What is Joe Biden doing? He's making it impossible for allies throughout the world to trust us. He's making it hard on Israel to win.HANNITY: Well this would be the equivalent of losing 40,000 Americans a day if you extrapolate and compare their population to ours, and 8,000 Americans take it off American soil and taken hostage.Let me play your exchange on this very issue you were speaking to with the secretary of defense, Secretary Austin.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GRAHAM: And you're telling me you're going to tell them how to fight the war and what they can and can't use when everybody around them wants to kill all the Jews, and you're telling me that if we withhold weapons in this fight, the existential fight for the life of the Jewish state it won't send the wrong signal? Do you still think it was a good idea, General Austin, to get out of Afghanistan?LLOYD AUSTIN, SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: I support the president's --GRAHAM: Yeah, I think you do. I think it was a disastrous decision. If we stop weapons necessary to destroy the enemies of the state of Israel at a time of great peril, we will pay a price. This is obscene. It is absurd. Give Israel what they need to fight the war they can't afford to lose.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: If they are ever successful -- that was a great exchange, Senator -- then you brought up the issue of, you know, should we use -- what wrong to use atomic weapons to end World War II.GRAHAM: Right, that's the question.HANNITY: What was his answer?GRAHAM: It was -- it was a delayed answer. I asked General Brown, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs, if you were around in World War II, would you advise dropping the atomic bomb to end the war? He finally said, well, you know it did end.The war you got to realize that Israel's in a fight for its life. This is not some normal exchange in the Mideast. They want to kill the Jewish state, Iran, Hezbollah and Hamas.And what did they do? They put command centers under -- command centers under hospitals. They hide weapons in mosque and schools. They use human shields to make it hard for Israel to kill the terrorists without killing the Palestinian people.Israel is in a terrible spot because they're fighting a vicious enemy and Joe Biden today, you picked, Michigan over Mideast stability. You pick domestic politics over world stability.What you did tonight, my friend, is that you made every terrorist in the world high as a kite, you put our friends in Israel in a box, and here's what they're going to do, here's what I would do if I was Israel, I'd say, I appreciate all the support in the past, we're going to do what we have to do to destroy Hamas. We're not going to turn the war over to Lloyd Austin, who thought it was a good idea to get out of Afghanistan.It'd be like asking Mayorkas, could you help us secure our border?To my friends in Israel, do what you have to do, destroy these battalions and don't let Joe Biden give a win to the terrorist.HANNITY: You know what? They're going to win the war without Joe Biden.GRAHAM: They're going to win the war without Joe Biden.HANNITY: Yes, they got -- yes, they will, and it's sad because if they were ever successful in destroying Israel as their charter calls for, we're next. I -- that I can promise every American.GRAHAM: We're next.HANNITY: Senator, thank you.All right. Tonight, it's not just Biden's moral compass that is lacking. Today, we all witness yet another episode from Joe Biden's own personal Everest if you will. That is climbing the stairs of Air Force One. Now, of course, after multiple falls, well, the big boy steps have been out of the question for Joe for some time. Now, President Joe Biden boards the little boy steps in the back of the plane and with his new super grip sneakers, and still by the way, the struggle is very real.Take a look at your screen. This was earlier today. He was able to slow -- slowly shuffle to the top, but then appeared to lose his balance, desperately grabbing onto the rail for balance before finally ducking inside.Now, he now needs to be surrounded, let's see, walking to and from Marine One. His speeches have to be shortened significantly because he's incapable of giving a coherent speech. And today, Joe visited Wisconsin where to the delight of no one, Biden forced a captive audience to sit through nothing but rambling story after rambling story about a Catholic school, the Green Bay Packers and a priest named Riley last name, Riley last name. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I went to a Catholic high school in Delaware taught by the Norbertine priest, from St. Norbert's College, you know, a little kind -- little team called Green Bay.Now, here's the deal, we were the only high school in Delaware that overwhelmingly root for Green Bay, not a joke, I tell you why. Every single Sunday not only they have great teams at the time, still do, but not only that, my theology professor at the Catholic school I went to was a guy named Riley last name, and he had been drafted by the Green Bay Packers and he decided to become a priest before that. So he didn't go.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Riley last name. Oh, okay.Four more years, pause. According to "The New York Post", by the way, that never happened. There's a bunch of malarkey, just like Joe's arrest in apartheid in South Africa and his time as a big rig driver, and his upbringing in a Black church, and his Puerto Rico -- Puerto Rican heritage and his battle with Corn Pop and who could ever forget Uncle Bosie, you know, the guy that was eaten by cannibals.Joe is, let's just say, full of Adam Schiff. And tonight, Joe's biggest tall tale is about his own presidency. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INTERVIEWER: You're aware of many of these, of course. The cost of buying a home in the United States is double what it was when you look at your monthly costs from before the pandemic, Real income when you account for inflation is actually down since you took office. Economic growth last week far short of expectations. Consumer confidence, maybe no surprise, is near a 2-year low.With less than six months to go to Election Day, are you worried that you're running out of time to turn that around?BDEN: We've already turned it around.We have the strongest economy in the world. Let me say it again, in the world.INTERVIEWER: Although GDP last week was far short of expectations.BIDEN: Oh, it wasn't -- look, GDP is still grow -- look at the response of the markets.BURNETT: But there's real pain. I mean, grocery prices are up 30 percent, more than 30 percent since the beginning of the pandemic and people are spending more on food and groceries than they have at any time really in the 30 years. I mean, that's a real day-to-day pain that people --BIDEN: No, no, it really is and it's real, but the fact is that if you take a look at what the people have, they have the money to spend.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: No, they don't. That was a rare sit-down interview with the president, didn't go particularly well. The White House and the Biden campaign try to hide their boss because they know he's an embarrassment to the Democratic Party.Everybody around him, they all know it. The mob and the media, they all know it, they all cover for him.So, now, Biden's campaigning is being run by anti-Trump government lawyers and that's not going particularly well.In Atlanta, Fani Willis back in the news for all the wrong reasons. In that case, the Georgia appeals court has agreed to review whether or not Fani Willis can remain on the case, as it is disintegrating before our very eyes.Meanwhile, more embarrassment for Democrats and the media mob, thanks to the kangaroo court in New York, led by a judge that donated to Biden, a prosecutor who donated to Biden, another prosecutor who was the third in command at Biden's DOJ so you basically have Joe Biden's handpick number three DOJ guy running the case against his opponent for president.Yesterday, they called a 45-year-old career porn star to the stand who hates Donald Trump, had already been ordered to pay Donald Trump nearly 500 grand in legal expenses after a failed defamation suit. And Tuesday's testimony was just par for the course.None of it material, none of it relevant, and by the way, she was coached by the prosecutors. Take a look. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But the cross exam, boy, her responses were disastrous. I mean, do you hate Donald Trump? Yes, of course, she does. That's a big deal.When the witness hates the person whose liberty is at stake, that's a big damn deal, and she's putting out tweets fantasizing about him being in jail, that really undermines the credibility. The fact that she owes him $500,000, she, by order of a court, owes Donald Trump a half million dollars and said, I will never pay him, I will defy a court order, the defense is going to say, she's willing to defy a court order. Why -- she's not willing to respect an order of a judge, why is she going to respect this oath she took?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The material that came in was not relevant to this criminal case at all, and I think it shows that she was trying to get Trump. I actually thought there was a motive there. She said she hates him. She said she'd like to see him in prison, I think she was purposely throwing out this stuff to make sure the jurors were prejudice.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And coached by the prosecution. Really? When you lose fake news CNN, well, your case may be in trouble, but it's New York. Don't expect anything to good to come out of that courtroom.Anyway, the DOJ's classified documents case, that also in Florida is now in serious jeopardy, and that's all thanks to records recently unsealed by the Federal Judge Aileen Cannon in that case. It appears that Joe's DOJ that is weaponized mishandled the very same classified documents that they are accusing Donald Trump of mishandling.And during the unprecedented raid during Mar-a-Lago, evidence was staged, documents were mixed up, stored out of order and outside vendor scanning documents were not properly monitored. As "The Washington Times" rightly points out, dropping this mess entirely seems like an appropriate response. I agree.So with the left's lawfare now imploding, will Democrats -- what are they going to try next?Texas Senator Ted Cruz is with us.Senator, I'll throw that to you. Looks like every case is falling apart. However, regardless of how bad this case is in New York, I don't think Donald Trump can get a fair trial there, not with the judge that frankly should have recused himself for a hundred different reasons.SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): No, he can't get a fair trial in New York. This judge is a hard-left partisan. This prosecutor is a hard-left partisan. The last trial in New York, the judge was a hard left partisan, the prosecutor was a hard left partisan.This is all about, number one, attacking Donald Trump because they hate his guts. But number two, look, the real target here is not Trump. The real target is the American voter. The real target is democracy. This is all about stopping the voters from reelecting Donald Trump as president in November.And this is election interference writ large. It is the most grotesque example of trying to interfere in an election we've ever seen and we see it at the -- at the Biden Department of Justice that is weaponized, that is attacking their opponents. We see it with district D.A.s, elected D.A.s, Democrats, whether in New York or Georgia, they're willing to abuse their power to stop the voters.And I got to say, look, the judge yesterday was talking about throwing Donald Trump in jail because he's daring to exercise his First Amendment rights to speak out. I talked today on my podcast "Verdict with Ted Cruz", the entire podcast is on that question, will this judge throw Trump in jail?The short answer is I believe the answer is no. I don't think the judge will. He'll keep putting fines on him, but I don't think he'll put him in jail. I think if he tried to put him in jail, I think the court of appeals would reverse it. They're not going to let Trump go to jail in the middle of this election.And I'll tell you what? If miracle of miracle, the corrupt New York courts did actually send Trump to jail, Trump would win over 300 electoral votes in November.You want to talk about shocking the voters, that this is garbage, that would do it. And these people are so consumed with partisan hate that they're willing to abuse power and that willingness has no limits.HANNITY: They have allegations that the judge's family can benefit from the outcome in this case, a gag order that only applies to Trump, but nobody else involved in the case. They're on cable news. They're all over social media. They're begging for gifts, money from people.They can say whatever the hell they want. The statute of limitation has paid.CRUZ: One of the prosecutors was a paid political consultant for the DNC.HANNITY: Exactly.CRUZ: I mean, this is -- this is a kangaroo court. This is a political persecution and it's not about crimes. If his name were Donald Smith, this case would have never been brought. The reason this is brought is they're trying to bootstrap a non-federal violation into a non-state violation and they're trying to do to get this attenuated.And, by the way, the testimony of Stormy Daniels, that was salacious, that was the point of it. Listen, there is no person on Planet Earth that believes Donald Trump has been celibate all his life. That is not news, but they want to drag through the gutter because this is a political smear job, it's not about the rule of law.And it's, frankly, it's tragic what is happening because the rule of law is important. It protects all of us. This is what banana republics do.And let me ask you, Sean, is there one Democrat nationally with the courage to speak out against it. I'm in the Senate. I do not know a single Democrat senator who says enough is enough and they are tearing down the Constitution and the rule of law because their partisan hatred their desire for power is more important to them than anything else.HANNITY: They're shredding the Constitution before our very eyes, Senator.CRUZ: Yeah.HANNITY: We'll have you back soon. Oh, I've learned an awful lot about your opponent that had pretty radical views in the past. They're starting to come to surface. We'll get to that.Senator Cruz, thank you for being with us.All right. A bizarre story, RFK, Jr., a worm died in his brain. That is not a joke. We'll explain. We'll get reaction, Congressman Ronny Jackson and Clay Travis, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Here's a headline the got attention today. According to "The New York Times", quote, RFK Jr. says doctors found a dead worm in his brain. Apparently, it was a parasite that he says died after eating a piece of his brain.But the issue was resolved over a decade ago. The campaign says the candidate is in good health these days. Now, as weird as all of that sounds, it's far from the only bizarre comments that RFK, Jr. has ever made in his life. In fact, he could be maybe one of the most liberal candidates to ever seek the presidency.He supports everything from a carbon tax. He supports, let's see, reparations, affirmative action. He once called the NRA a terrorist group. He endorsed just about every major Democrat this century from John Kerry to Clinton to Obama, et cetera.Hs hashtag on Twitter at the time has always been keep it in the ground. He's against fracking. He's against fossil fuels of all kinds, but yet some people think that he's going to take away votes from Donald Trump. I don't think so.Here with reaction, Texas Congressman Ronny Jackson, "Outkick" founder Clay Travis.Good to see you both.Dr. Jackson, I guess it's possible. Parasite, brain, eats your brain, dies in your brain and, you know, is that a common occurrence? I've not heard of it before but I'm open to learning the science behind it.REP. RONNY JACKSON (R-TX): Yes, Sean, it's called neurocysticercosis and it's actually not that uncommon. There's thousands of people that are hospitalized for it every year in the United States. There's probably tens of thousands that actually have it. Those are thousands that are hospitalized.It's typically a disease of immigrant populations. It come which you know we should be worried about a little bit with our open borders right now, we're going to have more of this as it coming in. But it's from South America, Central Asia, you know, Africa, places like that.But you get it from ingesting the eggs of the pork tapeworm, and you get that by either ingesting contaminated undercooked meat from a pig and then getting a tapeworm yourself, and then ingesting -- it sounds gross -- but infecting your food with your stool which has the eggs in it, or you can get it from someone else who has a tapeworm and then you can get your food contaminated with their stool and ingest the eggs.And when the eggs get into your gut, then they hatch out, they bore through the wall of your intestine, they get into your bloodstream and then they deposit themselves in different areas of your body. It could be in muscle tissue, it could be in your eye or commonly in your brain where they form a cyst and then they eventually die there.But they cause all kinds of issues in the interim. You know, they can cause seizures and headaches and cognitive issues, yeah.HANNITY: Look, I'm -- look, I'm glad he's okay. Let me -- let me just cut you short here. You telling me more about parasites than I ever wanted to know, I am glad he's okay, and I mean that.You know, Clay, we've -- I did a town hall with RFK, Jr. Nice enough guy, I'll tell you in person, when you meet him in person.However, there are conservatives that think that he's going to draw votes away from Donald Trump. Now, he won't come back on the show. He's not returning our calls. I'm a little offended, but whatever, I'll take -- you know, it's not the first time.So if he won't answer to these radical positions that he's held, some conservatives think that he really is a conservative over one issue, and that would be COVID-19, and the vaccine. That's why I want people to know all other positions.CLAY TRAVIS, FOUNDER, OUTKICK: Yeah, I think he's 100 percent. I think that's right, Sean, and he's 100 percent right on a lot of the things that he said about COVID and vaccine mandates and I understand why that's attractive to a lot of people out there who are still very angry about what happened to us four years ago deservedly so.But he has zero percent chance of winning and if you are choosing to vote for RFK, Jr., in my opinion, you are throwing away your vote, particularly if you're in Michigan, Minnesota, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, North Carolina, Georgia, Nevada, Arizona, where this election potentially is going to be decided. You don't have the luxury of voting for anyone else.And, Sean, how about this? If you were going to find out that someone's brain wasn't working very well, what odds would you have given that it wouldn't be Biden? I mean, you think you're Trump, you're sitting around saying, Biden can barely talk, he almost fell over trying to climb and go speak at Wisconsin, did you see that he claimed at the speech today that he'd always been a Packers fan because one of his teachers back in the day named Riley got drafted by the Packers.And then they went and searched the Packers have never drafted anybody named Riley. The guy can't even get stories right.HANNITY: Hey, Clay, it's even better.TRAVIS: His brain's broken.HANNITY: Hey, Clay, it was Riley last name, they couldn't find the guy's last name.TRAVIS: Yes.HANNITY: So they said Riley last name, four more years, pause. I mean, that's how checked out this guy is.Well, that brings up the other issue, which is Joe's cognitive state. Dr. Jackson, I'll defer to you on that. I'm not a medical doctor, but I don't think you really need to be a medical doctor to see how bad it is. What really annoys me now more than anything is everybody around Joe and everybody in the media mob, they have circled the wagons, they're protecting him.Now, he goes up the little boy stairs. He has a circle around him walking to or from Marine One. He's doing small quality speeches over quantity because he can't do quantity. You know, I see a significant decline and I'm not a medical doctor.JACKSON: Well, look, Sean, I think Clay's exactly right. You know, RFK was complaining in these earlier things that he was having issues with long- term memory, short-term memory, cognitive stuff and even though we have a current president Joe Biden who has a lot of similar issues, I think we can rule out brain worms in his case because I think if there was a worm in his head, it would quickly starve to death.But, yeah, he's got significant issues. He's not fit to be our president. We all know this and you know, if he gets reelected and they try to put him in there for another four years, it is going to be an absolute national disaster for this country.That man has no business having a job with any level of responsibility, certainly not the commander-in chief and the head of state. We need to stop this and apparently, now, we have issues with RFK as well. He's got all these medical issues we didn't know about, Hepatitis C, and you know, and he's got dysrhythmia in his heart. He's got mercury poisoning. He's got brain worms.I mean, you know, come on, man. This is crazy. We need to elect the one person out there that can get this country back on track and the one person healthy enough to do it and that's Donald Trump.HANNITY: I had a friend of mine call me just before the show, Clay, and said he's 100 percent certain they're going to try and replace Joe. You have speculated about that. Still there?TRAVIS: Yeah. I just don't see any way they're going to run him. I mean, you mentioned it, Sean. Their strategy right now is when he walks to the helicopter to have people shield him so all of us can can't see how bad he walks. They change shoes.I still think they're going to pull the bait and switch right around Memorial Day, suddenly, Biden's not going to run. I don't see any way they're tossing him out there.JACKSON: I agree.HANNITY: All right. All right. Thank you both. Appreciate it. Ronny Jackson, Clay Travis.When we come back, all right, the Boy Scouts, well, they're pretty much extinct. We'll tell you why they just announced the massive change. Why? They want to be more inclusive. Biden's education secretary also was grilled by House Republicans over Title IX during a hearing, wow, this got explosive. We'll get reaction from Alabama Senator Katie Britt, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Another day, another organization has fallen victim to the woke mob. Yesterday, the Boy Scouts of America announced they are changing their name to Scouting America in an attempt to be more inclusive. The organization's president told the "AP", quote, in the next 100 years, we want any youth in America to feel very, very welcome to come into our programs. I thought they had the Girl Scouts. I don't know, Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts, seemed like some parity and equality there.But anyway, yesterday, also, Biden's Education Secretary Miguel Cardona appeared on the Hill. He was grilled by lawmakers on concerns over biological men in women's sports and in typical Biden fashion, he refused to answer questions when pressed on important issues that all you have to face if you have kids.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OWENS: Would you force your daughter to undress in the bathroom with boys who are also undressing?MIGUEL CARDONA, EDUCATION SECRETARY: I am not going to be commenting on athletics rules that we haven't proposed.OWENS: OK. You can't say yes or no on that?CARDONA: I'd be happy to talk about a Title IX.OWENS: If your -- if your daughter was reporting she felt uncomfortable in a boy's presence in a bathroom or locker room, would that be considered by your administration discrimination or bigotry?CARDONA: As a educator for over 25 years --OWENS: You can't say yes or no to that?CARDONA: I'd love to respond to your question, sir.OWENS: Okay. So, yes or no, is it consider -- would be considered discrimination, she did not want that to happen?CARDONA: As an educator for over 25 years, we have had the responsibility - -OWENS: OK. I don't have but a few minutes here.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Like a robot, I'm an educator for 25 years.Here with reaction, Alabama Senator Katie Britt is with us.Senator, let me ask you this. The question was simple, would you force -- force your daughter to undress in a bathroom with boys who are also undressing? And if your daughter was reported she felt uncomfortable in a boy's presence in a bathroom or locker room, would that be considered by your administration to be discrimination or bigotry? Yes or no?Why is that a hard question to answer? That's a simple question for me. The answer is hell no, I would not want my daughter in the same locker room, bathroom, or undressing with other young people. No, I wouldn't want that.SEN. KATIE BRITT (R-AL): Right, and this should be a simple answer. Obviously, particularly when you say, does the young woman feel uncomfortable? And if she says she does, is that discrimination? It's a -- it's a simple answer, and that's the problem with this administration. At every single turn, they work to blur the lines.This Title IX, both rule and the proposal that is coming out, are totally unacceptable. I mean, we look at it -- in that proposal, they also say that if your child goes to school and says that they are a different gender, that teacher is not obligated to tell you as a parent.Let me tell you something, my children are not wards of the state. I am not going to co-parent with the federal government. I have a right as a parent to understand what happens in the classroom. We know what their grades are. We know what happens on the playground.And we certainly should know if they are trying to assimilate to a different gender, and that's not between them and the teacher. That's between my child and me.And so, this government -- this administration, Biden has it all wrong once again and as a parent, I am sick and tired of the continual attacks from the left. We're seeing them in sports. We're seeing them obviously in these spaces.HANNITY: He knows the answer.BRITT: He absolutely does. He absolutely does.HANNITY: He knows the answer. His answer is what every other parent would answer.Here's the problem he is afraid of the woke mob and he is incapable of stating a simple truth and that's just the reality. But they want to impose that and force that on parents all country.BRITT: And sexualize our children. Absolutely.HANNITY: Yeah.BRITT: And it's totally unacceptable.And look at what you're talking about with the Boy Scouts and the Girl Scouts. Look, I am raising both a young man and a young woman, and I believe it is not only okay, it is necessary in many and many arenas to create spaces where they can grow and thrive and learn as both young wen -- young women or young men.And when I'm raising a young man, I look at the fact that somehow the word "boy" has become toxic to the left and needs to be removed before scouts or --HANNITY: And what do you think --BRITT: -- and look at the -- look at the fact that we have -- I have a young woman and what -- what are we saying about Girl Scouts? What about the longevity of Girl Scouts? It's the same thing that's going to happen to women's sports. It is completely and totally unacceptable. It is absurd and this is more of the same from the Biden administration.And truly, Sean, this is why we need President Trump back in the White House. He will bring common sense. He understands the values this nation was built on and he knows that he will -- he will not bend to the woke mob. He will let our children be children. He will let them grow and thrive and learn to stand for the flag, to love this country and to be who they are.HANNITY: Go woke, go broke. The Boy Scouts, we can pretty much declare are dead as of tonight, an extinct group. It's over after how however many years. That organization is --BRITT: A sad day.HANNITY: -- never going to be respected again.Senator, thank you. Appreciate your time.All right. Straight ahead Republicans in the House introducing a crucial election integrity bill. Congressman Chip Roy will join us along with Victor Davis Hanson, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: So as the election inches closer, House Republicans are working to prevent illegals from voting. Now, today, Speaker of the House Mike Johnson held a press conference alongside the bill's leaders in the House and the Senate, Congressman Chip Roy, Senator Mike Lee. Why? To promote the Safeguard American Voter Eligibility Act.Now, the bill comes amid the flood of illegal unvetted Joe Biden immigrants that he's welcomed into the country and anyway, it would require one simple thing, proof of American citizenship to be able to register and able to vote in federal elections.Here with more Congressman Chip Roy.Congressman, good to have you. Thank you for being with us.And by the way, also joining us, the author of "The End of Everything: How Wars Descend into Annihilation", Hoover Institution senior fellow, Victor Davis Hanson.Chip, let's talk about the act that you have here. They -- they don't want people, proof -- anybody -- there's only one reason I can think of that you don't want, proof of residency, proof that you're a citizen, is that you don't want an election integrity measures. If you don't want voter ID laws and signature verification laws, then you've got to be thinking this is going to work to my political advantage.Why would anybody be against simple measures like this when you need an ID to buy, let's see, a six-pack of beer, a Juul pod, a pack of cigarettes? Give me a break, you got to be kidding me.REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): Yes, Sean, you're exactly right. Thanks for having me on.You know, look, today, I was proud to stand alongside Mike Johnson who showed great leadership, my friend, and working together on this to move this bill forward, the SAVE Act. It's pretty simple, we believe only citizens should vote in the United States.Now, here's the thing, people will tell you, well, but, Chip, that's already federal law, right? That's true. It is already federal law that only citizens are supposed to vote, but here are some problems: first of all, the federal law the Motor Voter bill prohibits states from actually doing the work of ensuring that only citizens vote.And in fact, in Arizona, for example, they have two different systems. One for state offices, where they will actually do the checking necessary to ensure only citizens vote but the federal elections, they're not even allowed to.So our bill would fix that, but go a step further. Under the Constitution, we have the power to say that states should be required to do that. This is not that difficult. It's an 87 percent issue. A recently commissioned poll demonstrated 87 percent of Americans, including overwhelming Democrats, I think 80 percent of Democrats agree, only citizens should vote, we should check the documentary proof, make sure that it's citizens voting, because there's -- there is fraud going on. We know it.We know that we've have people who are here illegally, the rampant numbers, the million parolees who have been dumped in the United States, including those who killed people like Laken Riley and have been disrupting our entire society. These people should not be voting. Citizens should vote. That's all this is. We'll see what happens.We should pass it and we should call the question and see what Chuck Schumer and the Democrats will do.HANNITY: You know, I think that's a good point.Victor Davis Hanson, I love your take on this.VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW, HOOVER INSTITUTION: Well, we're in new territory, Sean, we had 20 to 25 million illegal aliens prior to the Biden administration. So, we have 35 million people here at legally and at the same time, we have this force multiplier that election day is a construct. We used to have 70 people, 70 percent vote on election day. Now it's only 30 percent.So you combine 70 percent mail and ballots in most states, with 30 million illegal aliens and then the third -- the trifecta is that even though it's against federal law to vote in a federal election if you're not a citizen and even though all the states have laws prohibiting non-citizens from voting, they're voting because in states like California, Vermont and Maryland, they're already voting in local school board elections and they've been upheld by left-wing judges.So what we're seeing is an erosion of citizenship, blending it -- a deliberate effort to make it basically the same or synonymous with residency. And I can't think, Sean, of one unique attribute of citizenship other than holding office that hasn't been eroded.You can serve in the military if you're illegal. You can get federal entitlements if you're illegal. You can vote in school board elections if you're illegal. You can go back and forth across the U.S. border without permission of the government if you're illegal.And this is one of the last few bastions, holding office and voting that we've got to protect. Otherwise, citizenship is meaningless.HANNITY: Hey, Chip, are there going to be any Democrats that have integrity, that want integrity in our elections?ROY: Yeah. I mean, I sure hope so. You know, a lot of people are assuming Democrats wouldn't support it. I'm a big believer in forcing votes. We're - - we're sent to Washington to vote.Let's put it on the floor. Let's pass it out of the House. Hopefully, Democrats will join with us. Send it to the Senate. It's an 87 percent issue as we already talked about.The fact is what we're dealing with is the critical issue of the rule of law and faith in our elections. People come to this country, migrants come to this country because they believe in the rule of law. And, by the way, I'm tired of this trope, that somehow this is anti-immigrant, or that we want to stop immigration, or that there isn't good legal immigration.There are a 51-1/2 million people in this country who are foreign born, Sean. That is about 16 percent of the population, the highest in our history in the country. And guess what? We're allowing in about a million people a year legally.The problem is Biden is blowing the door open and now, we got to make sure we make sure our elections are safe. So that's what this bill will do, proud to offer it. Let's force the vote.HANNITY: A new -- a new president would be involved rightfully in deportation.Thank you both.When come back, a sneak peek of my brand new FOX Nation special, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Programming note, the first episode of my new special "Outlaws and Lawmen" out right now on FOXNation.com. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Dolan and his allies soon force a showdown with Billy the Kid and the regulators. Dolan's posse of corrupt lawmen and hired guns corner the regulators inside a house in the town of Lincoln. The battle rages for days.Dolan's men set fire to the house, the kid and a few friends barely escaped with their lives.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: "Outlaws & Lawmen" right now. You can get it on FOX Nation. We hope you'll watch it.All right. That's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for making the show possible, and being with us. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity".In the meantime, I have good news, let not your hearts be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is standing by with a great show to put a smile on your face.Thanks for being with us. Have a great night.