NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You know, these funds have been appropriated, it's money spent, it's weaponry already promised. Israel should have it. No answer yet from the White House. We'll continue watching that.In the meantime, that'll do it for us. Here comes THE FIVE.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jonathan Turley, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.A Category 5 salacious storm hitting the Trump trial, jurors finally getting to hear from adult film actress Stormy Daniels. After she gave testimony, so raunchy, it would make a porn star blush and the media laughed.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: My basic feeling is like, wow, this is a colorful -- maybe hyper-colorful witness.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Daniels says she told Trump of the magazine, someone should spank you with that. I'm sorry, Anthony (ph).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He was wearing silk or satin pajamas.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm sorry. I apologize. This is serious. No, I'm sorry. I just had to laugh. I'm sorry.JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: I can't believe I have to read this on television. It's not going to involve any descriptions.DANA BASH, CNN ANCHOR: Better you than me, Jake Tapper.TAPPER: It's not going to involve any descriptions of anything in particular. So --KASIE HUNT, CNN ANCHOR: Just read it. Read it on the screen.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Stormy Daniels is at the heart of Alvin Bragg's falsified business records case against Donald Trump and today, she described in great detail the alleged sexual encounter in 2006 that the former president denies ever took place.Her account was so tawdry that Trump's lawyers called for a mistrial, arguing it was designed to inflame the jury and embarrass the former president. But the judge slapped down the motion. Here is the former president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: A very big day. A very revealing day. As you see, their case is totally falling apart. They have nothing on books and records and even something that should bear very little relationship to the case, it's just a disaster for the D.A., a Soros-backed D.A. It's a disaster.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Donald Trump would certainly like to respond to Stormy's racy (ph) testimony, but he can't that's because of the gag order that the judge says could result in jail time the next time he breaks it.Speaking of which, seven liberal press can't help but envision what person would look for -- prison, excuse me, would look for from the former president, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is not a mug shot. This is jail, and Donald Trump is terrified. You've got to believe just by his issues with odors and smells.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The idea that Donald Trump actually would want to go to jail is ridiculous. He doesn't even like to stay in a hotel.SUNNY HOSTIN, ABC NEWS HOST: I think that make a point to prove a point. Put him in the clink. Why not?WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: I don't want this to sound like I'm doing wishful thinking.HOSTIN: Yes.GOLDBERG: But which prison would be best?HOSTIN: Rikers.GOLDBERG: I'm going to give you my last words. That's what I asked, number one.I'm OK. If he goes to Alcatraz and they reopen it. What about Guantanamo Bay?(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: OK, Jonathan Turley, thank you for being here again. Take us through this whole situation today.JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it was a bizarre situation, because you had the defense tell the judge, this is going to happen if you put her on the stand with these broad parameters. It happened. And then the judge said, why don't we ask the jury to forget that it happened? And how are they going to forget that, it's not like we're asking them to forget some CPA's testimony about a notation in a ledger, right?And the troubling thing about this is that they lit a dumpster fire in this courtroom. And the defense asked for the mistrial, and the judge blamed the defense attorneys.And so, I can only imagine standing there and it must have been difficult not to say, I'm sorry, judge, I'm the attorney that told you not to put her on the stand. I told you that you had two broad parameters. And then when she did exactly as we suggested you did, you ignored that I have a standing objection to her saying anything in this trial.And so, at the end of the day, Merchan got what all of us expected.Now, this idea that he can make this cat walk backwards is going to be rather difficult. You know, you've already, you know, had this witness go into every detail, you know, in short -- including whether the president wears boxer shorts, and he had Old Spice in his bathroom. And that's the level of absurd detail.I mean, we've all seen Craig's (ph) office with the gallon of Old Spice but we don't mention it. But this is a show, but to -- the fact that you would bring in that type of just completely immaterial detail shows how this judge was a mere pedestrian in his courtroom.And then at the end of all of that, to say, God, he literally said, it would have been better if that testimony didn't occur. And you're just sort of looking around, like, you were the one that allowed this testimony to occur.PERINO: And I can't imagine being someone on the jury, I did read 1.1 of the reporters said, or I think it was one of our producers said that one of the jurors, a woman had her head in her hands, but I cannot believe that we're having to listen to this.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Interesting. I'm glad to hear that. I wish I were in the courtroom. In fact, I'll be in the courtroom on Thursday and Friday.But look, the testimony that we heard today has absolutely nothing to do with the indictment. The testimony was irrelevant. It was prejudicial. It was not probative. It has nothing to do with how something was filed and how reimbursement to Cohen. And whether it was correctly entered in the books, period, end of the story.This judge saying to the defense attorney, well, you know, you didn't object enough. Look, any judge worth his or her salt, if you see something happening that is going to jeopardize the conviction, you yourself sua sponte, on your own will say, I'm going to stop the line of questioning right here.And then what you do is you call the parties to the bench and you say to the bench or to the prosecution, you are moving to close to reversible error here. Let's like trim the offenses here a little bit.But Merchan and you know, I heard one person say on Fox, oh, he's a really experienced judge, he's a fool. He's not an experienced judge the way he's doing this.For him to say, please keep your answers short and listen to the questions while she is laying out what could be another prosecutable offense against Donald Trump that I'm not even going to mention. He is allowing reversible error in. He should have said, I'm going to strike that testimony. There should have been a curative instruction right then and there on the spot.But instead, he says, well, I'll think about it, you know, make a request at the time of charge -- at the time of my charge, no.And then, he sends the jury out and lays out the prosecutor for allowing his testimony in. This judge is either all in on convicting Trump, irrespective of whether it's going to be reversed. And I would bet my house this will be reversed by the Court of Appeals.PERINO: One of the things though that, Greg is that even if it is reversed, it wouldn't be until after the election and what they are hoping for is a conviction so that Joe Biden can say in all of the ads and at the debate, oh, well, you're talking about a convicted felon.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: What are the odds that an incident from 15 to 20 years ago would now become the object of litigation just months before an election? It's kind of a strange coincidence that the media doesn't really seem to focus on, that might be one question that would make you go, maybe this is political.I got to say, I love how CNN anchors blushed, and are shocked by pajamas and spanking. I mean, one of your employees pleasured himself on Zoom. You kept him on there. One of your producers I think was arrested for grooming kids.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: It's funny watching the media act like Puritans, right? Go to any media event, and it's like the Playboy Mansion with ugly people.So, it's like, it's just there. I got to get that paws all over you. They're drunk. This is porn for sexless Democrats, listening to testimony from an aging sex worker about Trump in a court review of everything. It's almost as erotic is listening to NPR while feeding grapes to your cat with myocarditis.The court case is really about convincing jurors that Trump is a bad guy for sleeping around. It's not about breaking laws because no laws were broken. If Trump were a woman, the prosecution would be accused of slut shaming. That's quite a theory.Again, he's not charged for the hush money. It's not about Stormy, it's about an accounting method for illegal payment for -- in a business record that had no known category. That's it.What Stormy has to do with it is nothing, all that is deli -- you know is frosting for the media.PERINO: Jesse Watters, give you the last word.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Fact check. Trump does not use Old Spice. He has his own deodorant line, it's called Success. Someone gifted it to me at a book signing.And Turley, cats can walk backwards. I don't know about that analogy.Michael Avenatti dropped a bombshell from behind bars today and take it for what it's worth, I'm just conveying what he said. He made an allegation that a producer wanted to do a documentary on Stormy Daniels and called him on a recorded line and said would you like to participate?And he said, well, I don't know. Is she getting paid for the documentary? Because if she is, it's probably not fair. And I'm not going to do it.And the producer says, yes, she is going to get paid for the documentary, but that's because she owes Trump hundreds of thousands of dollars in judgment. And she's just trying to make ends meet.But she has a way of concealing the money from Trump's lawyers. What they're going to do is and what they have done, Michael says is that they have optioned the rights to her book, they've taken the proceeds and set up a fraudulent LLC under Stormy's daughter's name. And that's how they're going to hide the money from Trump's lawyers.PIRRO: Amazing.WATTERS: If this is true, then she's guilty of bad record keeping and fraud. So, I don't know if that's going to be pursued by Alvin Bragg, probably not.But Trump is barreling towards breaking this gag order. I don't see within the next 48 hours how he does not do it. You're saying you can't criticize the government. That's what the judge is saying, you cannot criticize the government, the court or the prosecution, let alone an American citizen.This guy's the Republican nominee for president, not only he can't criticize the government, he's not inciting violence. He's not making false statements. He has an opinion about the government, the government that's being controlled by his political rival, that's prosecuting him.Now, if you can't criticize the government or have an opinion about the government, then you're not in America. And that's insane.And we also just found out this guy Colangelo, the lead prosecutor, who was Biden's number three guy at the Department of Justice was a paid consultant for the Democrat National Committee. And he's an Obama donor.So, Obama-donating DNC consultant, former Biden prosecutor is leading the charge in this courtroom. And the Democrats say this isn't political. And maybe you guys can answer this question for me. How are they only giving Trump's lawyers 24 hours to prepare for these witnesses?PIRRO: It's unheard of. It's unheard of.WATTERS: I need at least five hours to prepare for this show.GUTFELD: And you don't even do it.WATTERS: It's unfair. I don't -- I don't see how they can get away with sandbagging like that.PERINO: Well, we could go on and on, the case -- the court will not be in session tomorrow. Return Thursday, Friday. Yes, I know. You're bummed about that.OK, up next, President Biden finally gives a forceful speech on anti- Semitism while anti-Israel agitators burn an American flag on their way to the Met Gala.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Only took him nine days in a campus caliphate to emerge. But Joe Biden forcefully condemned anti-Semitism today, calling out Hamas, standing up for Jewish students.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: People are already forgetting or already forgetting that Hamas unleashed this terror. It was Hamas who brutalized Israelis.On college campuses, Jewish students blocked, harassed, attacked by walking into class. Anti-Semitism, anti-Semitic posters, slogans calling for the annihilation of Israel, the world's only Jewish state.It's absolutely despicable and it must stop.Violence attacks destroying property is not peaceful protest. It's against the law.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Finally, meanwhile, from the river to the red carpet, over 1,000 anti-Israel protesters looking absolutely stunning in their keffiyeh scarves as they tried to crash fashion's biggest night, the Met Gala.Sadly, the sheikh agitators were blocked by cops looking tasteful and blue from reaching the star-studded soiree. Denied entry but under-tiered in their cause, these fashion forward activists opted to give a World War I Memorial a criminal makeover by vandalizing it with graffiti reading Gaza in large, black letters. They also burned and American flag, no surprise.Let's go now to liberal heavyweight Michael Moore who is weighing in on the protests.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL MOORE, HOST OF PODCAST RUMBLE WITH MICHAEL MOORE: I applaud every student who's taken a stand on their campus at graduation, whatever. This is the purpose of a democracy.Nonviolently Disrupt. And when I'm talking about nonviolence I'm talking about you do have the right to take over the administration building. You have to take over buildings. That is not violence.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: You know, Judge, he said he would want to take over the buildings with him, but he can't make it up the stairs. I thought that was kind of sad.You know, I have to say, that was a strong comment by Joe Biden, but it took him a long time to get there. Should we hold that against him?PIRRO: Yes. And let me tell you something else. You know, he's good at reading. He reads and you'd think, oh, you know, he's coming around, he gets it.Here's the thing, he's a vessel. He is a vessel who literally says whatever they tell him to say and whatever they give him to read, but when he was answering directly on his way to Marine One, that is when he said, you know, there is no place for hate speech or anti-Semitism. And on the fly, he said, and I condemn those who don't understand the Palestinians.That's the true Joe Biden, who makes the moral equivalence, you know, it's anti-Semitism, it's Islamophobia. He doesn't believe what he's reading. That's not the real man.And the second thing is Michael Moore, saying, oh, OK, go and take over buildings. That's criminal trespass, that's burglary. The guy knows nothing about the law.And in the end, they are using this free speech as an opportunity to literally shut everybody else up, or either disrupt the campus or disrupt our lives and it's not going to stop by the way.GUTFELD: You know, Jonathan, it seems like since the joyed -- George Floyd protests, I conflated words, that defacing monuments, tearing them down is now actually incorporated into speech. Will there be any punishment or anything? I mean, that is actually criminal behavior what they did, it's repulsive as well.TURLEY: Not if the history is any lesson. Know that these charges haven't been coming. And of course, it's not free speech. Free speech generally ends when the criminal code begins.And what's really troubling about a lot of this stuff is to see the extent of the radicalization of students. Many of us have been complaining about this for years. You know, in my own campus this weekend, students -- where a video surface, where students were calling for a guillotine to chop the heads off the president and provost.Now, they thought that was funny, but it sort of captured how radical the rhetoric has become.But you know, when you -- when you look at something like the monuments of the 107th Infantry from World War I, and you think about the sacrifice that they made, and the sense of license that these students have, there is this disconnect, that they're not only unfamiliar with what free speech really means, but they're unfamiliar with what sacrifice really means.And it's really troubling when you see Columbia just canceled their graduation. And it was an act of academic cowardice. They said, look, these security concerns are insurmountable. Really? This is your campus. These are your students, hold the damn graduation.Now, Michigan did that and they interrupted it. But they held their commencement.And so, what the students are hearing from these administrators is reinforcing this madness that we are experiencing on campus.And those of us who have to work on the campus have seen this for years. And this is the product of enabling these students. They think that they are right to silence others, destroy monuments, because they've been taught that.GUTFELD: Yes, it comes from -- it comes from their instructors, Jesse. How can the media finds it beneath them to follow the money like on who's funding this? If this was an anti-Muslim movement, Washington Post, The New York Times, CNN, MSNBC, would be leading the charge.WATTERS: Greg, they were combing through papers for 20 years of trying to find Russian money that went to Trump. They never found it. They never found a single foreign connection between Russia and the Trump campaign.And now, there's money coming from overseas from radical Muslim outfits. We've already figured it out, it's the Rockefellers, it's Soros, it's the Pritzkers in Chicago. And what happens is these kids are loaded up with CRT in high school. So, they're all tuned up when they go in freshman year. And these -- get these radical faculty members that tell them that the world consists of victims and victimizers, so they're all ready.And then an event happens like a George Floyd or invasion or anything, and then all of a sudden, this money pours into these left wing outfits, and there's actual revolutionaries that then descend onto the campus and train these kids how to fight cops, and train them on riot tactics.And this is where we are right now. It's very similar to the way Muslims are radicalized in the Mideast. You get them young, disenchanted, upset with the status quo single and then all of a sudden just blow their brains open with propaganda and then, what do you know, they rage (ph).I used to live near that monument, the World War I one on the Upper East Side. I just sit and look at it. Read about it. It's just sad.We had a senior from Columbia and her dad on the show last night, she said after October 7th on campus before Israel even struck back. The students were all like, yes, Hamas, anti -- Israel hadn't even responded and they were pro-Hamas.She said she saw ISIS flags, Nazi flags. The stuff she heard was crazy and she's a straight A student. She had an academic award. And she's so discouraged because she feels like when she hands an employee her resume and it says Columbia, they're going to discriminate against her.GUTFELD: Yes, just say it's the country. That's what I'd do, Dana.You know -- you know, I commend the police, they did an excellent job protecting the Met Gala. But it is interesting how well protected the Met Gala was as opposed to so many -- we have our bridges blocked, we have our tunnels blocked, but God forbid you interfere with the Met Gala.PERINO: Or like, you can protect the Met Gala. But you can't protect Columbia's graduation?GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: That is unbelievable. But that's Columbia's decision, that's not the NYPD's decision. And so the Met Gala, they're smart. They're like, let's utilize the NYPD because they know what they're doing to work with our security.Let me say something about Michael Moore. So he said, Jay (ph), you have a right to do this. You got to check this out. I'm hoping that we can get it on the show tomorrow. There's a woman named Francesca Block. She works for The Free Press. There's a young woman who found the janitor who was held against his will at Columbia by those protesters at Hamilton Hall.And the guy who was arrested is 40 years old. He's not a student. He is a trust fund kid. They don't have a job, his job is to protest. $2.3 million brownstone that he owns in Brooklyn.And Mr. Torres, who was the janitor who was held there, and it had to -- he said the school left them defenseless. They had to figure out a way to protect themselves. He noticed that the cameras were had been covered. He said that they had a plan that they came in and they swarm, they had the zip ties. And that's not even a student.And Michael Moore thinks that this is OK? That this is appropriate? And this guy now he says -- and you guys would love this guy. If you go on The Free Press and look at this interview that he did. He did all the right things.In 2017, he found out he was going to be a dad, he got a good job with benefits. He got a shift that worked for him to be able to help take care of his family. The kids were off school or if they got sick, it worked for him. He says he loves his job. He loves it. But he doesn't know if he can go back. He's afraid the university will retaliate against him. And he's not sure if they will protect him going forward, he said and they're still there.GUTFELD: Interesting developments. Is he good at math?PERINO: Yes. Why? I'm just -- I'm just guessing.GUTFELD: Just a reference at Good Will Hunting.All right, coming up, her MAGA meal made her squeal, a former CNN reporter haunted after having dinner with secret Trump supporters.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: This is a Fox News Alert. Donald Trump's classified documents trial in Florida has been postponed. It was set to begin at the end of this month, but with New York da Alvin Bragg's case ongoing, he can't be in two places at the same time. Judge Aileen Cannon has not set a new start date. The trial will still happen, we just don't know when.Now, on to this. It's Trump derangement syndrome on steroids. Ex-CNN reporter, Michelle Kosinski, posting a deranged set of tweets about a horrific dinner she had with closeted Trump supporters. She starts it off by saying, "All were well educated and successful in careers, but slowly over a few drinks they began to let slip their true MAGA natures. When they realized that a few in their presence came armed with, gasp, actual facts, no, they quickly changed the subject and nervously said they don't want to talk politics. They realized they would be eviscerated on all idiotic points especially the economy. This dinner continues to haunt me. They all seem so normal."And if you think that's unhinged, listen to what Congresswoman Maxine Waters just said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MAXINE WATERS (D-CA): What they're going to do to protect this country against violence if he loses? I want to know about all of those right-wing organizations that he's connected with who are training up in the hills somewhere and targeting, you know, what communities they're going to attack. We need to know what his plan is and how we're going to be protected.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Oh, Greg, I got to go to you with this. I mean, up in the hills as they're preparing to attack.GUTFELD: This explains everything. That's where the white supremacist have been hiding. This is why the government couldn't find them. They're hiding in the mountains, in the trees. We've been looking for them everywhere. We look for them in military, we look for them in the media. Where are they?Oh, jeez. The problem is Liberals are having a problem because the desire for white supremacy exceeds the actual supply. They saw Jussie Smollett as proactive. He couldn't find any racist, so he created some of his own. Meanwhile, within their ranks, they have antisemitic, anti-white, basically anti-west, anti-American people spreading hate. But they prefer to seek the fantasy of white supremacy.I love the Kosinski stuff -- is that her name? You know, whenever you lose a job, do not go on Twitter because she shouldn't have been -- she was probably -- she was probably buzzed. But she was horrified having dinner with what is essentially half of America. She's a poster child for the bubble-wrapped elitist priding herself on facts without ever having to show you them.She doesn't have to. What are her facts exactly on economy, crime, the border, or whatever? She provides exactly what the media -- what we see in the media and why CNN is unsavable. They are dying because they thought they were smarter than everybody else. You could almost hear her saying, what are these people doing near me? How do they get so close to me? I hope I don't catch anything.But you know what, they're so -- some of them are smart or wise. Like, she's shocked that somebody smart is disagreeing with her. You know, she said -- oh my favorite part is she says that they don't want to talk politics because they know she would eviscerate them. No, they don't want to talk politics with you because you're an obnoxious pompous ass.PIRRO: OK.GUTFELD: But not bad-looking.PIRRO: And that brings me to Dana. In addition to the obnoxious pompous, why is it the Democrats are all in lockstep? I mean, you' got Barack Obama, the Republicans that cling to God and their guns or religion and their guns were deplorables. You know, basically were not normal.PERINO: I think this is a strange thing because I think a lot of Liberals think that Republicans are on lock step and Republicans think that about Liberals. And the truth is most people are just normal and they don't have political things in their life.I can't for the life of me understand why she posted this. It was weeks after or months after like the actual thing happened. I don't think it's the flex that she thought it was because she saying it's unhealthy to be among them. No, it's unhealthy to not be amongst people who would maybe have a different idea.And also, maybe listen. Besides that, she said that she mentions the economy, climate change, and Ivy League education. She's in the minority on those issues. Her viewpoint, if you look at polls, it's where most of America is. So, she's basically saying I'm an elitist, I just want to eat amongst elitists, I don't want to be around anybody else. And it's not the flex that she thinks it is to have posted all of this.PIRRO: Yes. And it's -- Jonathan, it's classic group thing.TURLEY: Well, I think it's telling when you say people didn't want to talk to me.GUTFELD: Yes.TURLEY: You know, you see that a lot on subways where people say, why are you walking away from me, you know? And it's it's probably because you're screaming at me and you know -- so, I don't really judge them for saying maybe we should talk about the Cubs or the Mets.But the interesting thing about this I think which was raised is that she really was talking to half the country. But it really captures this fact that many people in this country are in this echo chamber. And when they finally meet someone on the other half, the other 50 percent, they're shocked. And look, when -- I grew up in Chicago. The first Republican I ever met was when I went to college. I was told they existed. But I called my parents and said I just met a Republican, you know. And these could be really insular communities.But it's gotten worse to the point that if you suspect that somebody's in that 50 percent, you are somehow in danger, that this is somehow someone who is unstable. Instead of doing what I think Dana really raised, this was a great opportunity to actually listen to figure out why highly educated people don't share your views.GUTFELD: But instead, what did she do? She goes on X and tweets about it because that's what they do.PERINO: And that's safe.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: What do you think, Jesse?WATTERS: I was at a party in the Hamptons a couple years ago. And everybody knows it's a Liberal area.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: And so, we're all in the pool hanging out. Everyone was having a great time. And then all of a sudden these two girls that were there, they were having a great time, we caught them going over to the side and we overheard them. One girl goes to the other girl. I think these people are Republicans. And it was like we were from outer space.GUTFELD: How could they tell?WATTERS: Maybe it was the things we were saying.TURLEY: They only did the backstroke.WATTERS: But do you remember that live shot on the Today Show years ago where there was a storm and there was a reporter in a canoe?PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: That was Michelle Kosinski.PERINO: Yes, it was.WATTERS: And it was about maybe six inches of water and she's in a canoe.PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: And everyone was like, oh -- like, oh, wow, it must be -- and all of a sudden, you see a bunch of firemen walking past her like -- she's like wait a second. And she -- and she was -- you know what? That's what these people do. They can't play it straight. They just have to lie.PIRRO: OK. All right, coming up, Democrats say the dumbest things. Kathy Hochul -- that was a generalization. Kathy Hochul makes a shockingly racist remark about young Black kids.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURLEY: So, what in the world was she thinking? Democratic New York Governor Kathy Hochul is under fire after making this offhand remark.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): Young Black kids growing up in the Bronx who don't even know what the word a computer is. They don't know -- they don't know these things.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURLEY: As you can imagine, Governor Hochul is furiously running back those comments. She told the New York post "I misspoke and I regret it. And of course, Black children in the Bronx know what computers are."(END VIDEO CLIP)TURLEY: Well, people, do you agree with that or have you --PERINO: I'm going to defend her in two ways. One, I think that when she was called out on it, she immediately said, I regret it, I misspoke, I shouldn't have said that, of course, they know computers. OK, so I think one, that's interesting. You don't see that a lot in politicians taking responsibility for things that they wrote or didn't write or didn't say.There's also the fact that there are times when you use exaggeration and hyperbole when you are giving an answer to try to make a point. She was basically trying to say that these kids in the Bronx in this area need more time and attention and resources in order to be competitive for the job market that they will enter into in the future. And we want them to be productive citizens and therefore we should do X, Y, and Z. And she could add, how about going after the teachers union. That would be something productive that they could do.So, I think that when you're doing interviews like that and you're just thinking off the top of your head, you sometimes could make a mistake, but at least she owned up to it.TURLEY: But why pick computers since kids today are virtually born with a TikTok, you know, identity and a full computer array? It seems the last thing that I would pick for this generation is being unaware of.GUTFELD: Well, clearly, she's not very bright. She was obviously elected because of her looks. But you know what? I agree with Dana. She's being hoisted on her own petard. I'm not sure what that means. Never looked it up. But Republicans have always been targeted for their hyperbole and like every Democrat and Liberal can read your mind about the things you say. When Trump says they're not sending their best, the Lib say, oh, he's talking about all Mexicans. Or when he says China virus, oh, he's talking about Chinese people and not the government or not the criminals that are being sent here from other countries. So, they always, always take hyperbole literally.We're generally better people. I say generally, not uniformally, but generally. So, I could say like you, clearly, she was using hyperbole, so I would grant her the allowance even though she, the partisan dimwit that she is, would never do the same for you or me.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: If any of us said what she had said, it would be a non-stop news cycle featuring these sputtering teary-eyed lefties and of course Jesse would apologize.TURLEY: Well, you know what's amazing? Is that studies have shown that 90 percent of people do not know what hoisting on your petard is.GUTFELD: Yes.TURLEY: Ands so --PERINO: It has to do something with a ship.TURLEY: Judge?PIRRO: I disagree because I - I read the statement. She said it three times. She actually says, young Black kids growing up in the Bronx don't even know what the word -- a computer is, one. They don't know, two. They don't know these things, three. OK, so she said it three times. This was not a slip.To me, it's degrading, it's humanizing, and it's racist, OK. I think it's inappropriate. And the truth is the Senate and the assembly people in her own party are not forgiving her for this. And it's an additional slap in the face to the minority community who all over New York State is having to take a second seat to the illegals who were coming in getting cash, getting phones, and everything else.So, you know -- and plus, think about it. During the pandemic, if she believes that, and I think she does because she said it three times, how did these kids -- did she worry about the fact that these kids because the teachers weren't in school, couldn't sign on to a computer for remote learning?TURLEY: But you know who I blame? Tech support. You know, the fact that she is tech support, she's never had to do what all of us do which is if you have a computer problem at my age, I look for someone one-third my age, and they will take care of any problem. That's the problem.WATTERS: Yes. Black kids in the Bronx know more about computers than the governor.PIRRO: That's right.WATTERS: She's about 70. She knows nothing. If you give her a computer, she'll log on and bring back a virus. If Democrats continue to do this, I'm going to have to stop making grand sweeping generalizations about race and gender, because Michelle Obama used to do this all the time.It's easier to get a -- to get a gun than a vegetable in the hood, you know? She's always like, oh, it's easier to get a -- to get a gun than a book in the Bronx. Like, they cartoonishly make generalizations about large swaths of people. I just think you need a little more nuance like I do.GUTFELD: Yes. You're really good at doing that.WATTERS: I'm Mr. Nuance.TURLEY: You know, that's -- when I think nuance, I think Jesse. That's absolutely true.PERINO: Nuance about a --TURLEY: All right, coming up next, Kristi Noem has company. There's another vice-presidential hopeful boasting about, you guessed it, killing an animal.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The Trump Veep Stakes might have a new political litmus test. Which animal have you snuffed out? North Dakota governor Doug Burgum explaining how to murder a rattlesnake.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. DOUG BURGUM (R-ND): You stun them, then you go there and then you step on their head with your boot, and then you just pull on the back and then their head comes off.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Dana, rattlesnake is different than a dog.PERINO: Yes. So, when I was a kid growing up, and we'd be on the ranch for the summer for example, my grand -- my grandfather Perino -- he unfortunately died in 2001 but I'll never forget, drilled into our heads, I was the oldest grandkid, I was supposed to be on the watch, if you ever saw a rattlesnake, that you immediately had to run and get an adult.And I also remember at one point we were all -- I was leading the kids around my uncle's trailer. We're going around and around and around, and all of a sudden, one of the dogs starts crying. Her name is Robin. He's bit by a rattlesnake. And Robin unfortunately passed away. And my uncle was such a good shot. He got underneath and he shot the rattlesnake.Now, he didn't shoot the dog. The dog had been bit by the rattlesnake, so that's why the rattlesnake had to get it. So, that -- and thank goodness none of us kids were bit by the same snake.WATTERS: Jeanine wants to know if they made a handbag out of the snakeskin.PERINO: We did not.PIRRO: I already bought it.TURLEY: You know who's most --PIRRO: No, I didn't.TURLEY: You know who's most traumatized by this story is Marco Rubio's cat. I mean, as everyone lines up for pet shooting as a qualification, I imagine that cat just steps on the remote every time the news comes on. You know, could you imagine the stress of that cat?PERINO: I didn't know he had a cat.WATTERS: He just walks backwards out of the room.TURLEY: I have no idea if he has a cat.PIRRO: Yes, I was just going to say.PERINO: It was a great point though.TURLEY: I have no idea.WATTERS: Big cat guy, Rubio. A lot of people don't know that. Greg?GUTFELD: Yes. You know, all I want to add is that the dog shooter, Kristi Noem, canceled on me this morning.WATTERS: How dare she?GUTFELD: Yes, just a minute after she was on Stuart Varney's show. And it bummed me out because I actually read her book. I rarely do that. I actually spent the weekend reading her book. And then she bails on me. And all I got to say is, you know, life is a bitch, but it doesn't mean you can shoot it. So, we're going ahead -- we're going to go ahead with the actual book segment. We're going to have a special episode. And we're having a very special guest to play Miss Noem on the show.WATTERS: I wonder who that is. We'll have to watch.GUTFELD: You will have to watch. It's going to be --WATTERS: At 10:00.GUTFELD: -- you know what sucks about it and then I'll shut up? If she had done my show, it would have helped her because we're a fun show. She could have cracked some jokes. But she cut and she run and she blamed it on the weather.WATTERS: Oh.GUTFELD: A minute after the Varney show and she blamed it on the weather.WATTERS: It was 80 and sunny today.PIRRO: No, it's not a tease. I didn't say anything yet.WATTERS: Oh, you say something.PIRRO: OK. If Kristi Noem comes around, what you need to do is just yell, hide your dog! Hide your goat! Hide all animals, it's Kristi Noem!WATTERS: I'm so glad you got the last word.PIRRO: Thank you.WATTERS: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: All right.PERINO: It's time out for "ONE MORE THING." Jesse.WATTERS: OK. We're just going to promote the show. "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," FBI's Most Wanted Conman tonight at 8:00.PERINO: Wow. All right. And Greg?GUTFELD: Yes. All right, tonight, I already plugged it. I'm going to plug it again. We have Dana Perino, Michael Loftus, Kat Timpf, Tyrus and the ghost of Kristy Noem tonight at 10:00.PERINO: And the Judge.PIRRO: Hide your dogs.PERINO: It's your turn.PIRRO: I know it's my turn. I can't find it.PERINO: OK, then I'm going to go. All right, across the student -- across the student -- no, I can't -- I can't even think straight. But as you know, a lot of people are getting ready to graduate. And if you're looking for the perfect gift in 2024, you can check out the littlepointbookshop.com. There's an exclusive offer. I will personalize the book for your graduates, Everything Will Be Okay, available now through May 17th. And Judge, are you ready?PIRRO: Yes. These French bakers were on a roll breaking the world record for the longest baguette at a whopping 461 feet. The previous record was 30 feet shorter but butter safe than sorry.PERINO: All right. Jonathan, next time we'll get to you.PIRRO: Hallelujah.PERINO: That's it for us.