MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": It's called suborning perjury, it is a felony and now, I'm accusing the district attorney and his office of suborning perjury and committing multiple felonies, maybe more than 34. That needs to be investigated right now.I'll see you tomorrow night on "Life, Liberty & Levin."BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "ONE NATION": Hi, everyone. Welcome to ONE NATION. I'm Brian Kilmeade, which means it's Saturday night and you're having the time of your life. Thanks for dating early.Amongst our great roster of guests coming your way over the next hour, we've got Jon Lovitz speaking out from Hollywood. He wonders why he's one of the few Jewish Americans to do just that.And talking about "Uncomfortable Conversations with the Jew." These are the two co-authors. They're here to talk about their timely book and what we can all learn from it.But first, the Roll Call of Heroes. Tonight, National Police Week comes to a close. This week, ceremonies and vigils honoring those who lost their lives in the line of duty took place nationwide.But this remembrance comes amid troubling concerns for the men and women in blue, who serve and protect us every day. The downhill spiral really started in 2020, you may remember when the Democratic Party revealed where it really stood on law and order in America.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. AYANNA PRESSLEY (D-MA): Yes, I support the defund movement.REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): Not only do we need to defund, but we need to dismantle and start anew.REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): Why use the word defund? Why use the word defund? And it's like this is the word that's coming from the streets.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Many cities in America, over one-third of their city budget goes to police. So we have to have this conversation. What are we doing?(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Yes, what are we doing? And what did we do? This sentiment resulting in utter anarchy across the country.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is Monday warzone. I mean, this is -- this is unbelievable what is happening on the streets of Minneapolis.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So we are seeing someone being wheeled away, someone who looks pretty badly injured.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Complete disrespect for our law enforcement officer, anarchy on the streets, ultimately leading to mass resignation of quality cops.And if that was not enough for an officer to put down the badge, bail reform was. Let's stop locking up nonviolent criminals and emptying prisons What could possibly go wrong?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW CUOMO (D), FORMER GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK: Bail reform for many years was based on how much money you had. If you're rich, you get out, if you're poor, you sit.BILL DE BLASIO (D), FORMER MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY: There are so many people who are not a threat, who should not be held simply because they can't afford the bail.GEORGE GASCON, LA COUNTY ATTORNEY GENERAL: We are showing that the reforms that we put in place are working. Crime is coming down and will continue to go down.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Clueless idiots and because of this, criminals in these cases, illegals in many cases are walking free and giving us the middle finger in every way. This week alone, six migrant thugs -- you're watching them -- beat down to cops in the NYPD, all received plea deals and no time, even the one who was released and re-arrested a month later.Bail reform, it is not working. It is a joke and being a police officer is proving to be more and more dangerous every day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The words from our elected leaders have in our having an impact, a negative impact on the ability of departments to recruit and retain, to interest the next generation in serving their country, serving their community.The tone and tenor of the conversation must change from our elected leaders.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: So how does that happen? First, because you have leaders in blue cities in complete denial --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: This city is a safe city. We are the safest big city in America based on all stats.Can we please stop saying we're up in crime in our subway system? We are not. We are down.MAYOR SHENG THAO (D), OAKLAND: Of course, ceasefire is the strategy that we're operating off of. We know it works. You know, we have -- homicides are down by 17 percent. We want to continue that roadmap.MAYOR BRANDON JOHNSON (D), CHICAGO: Thirty-five of the most violent beats in the city of Chicago, where 53 percent or more of the violence happens in the city of Chicago, there is a 40 percent decrease in homicides, and a 31 percent decrease in shootings.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Well, a lot of people aren't even reporting it. But all those stats, basically not true. Yes, violent crime might be down slightly, but nothing else is. Case in point, compared to last year, stats from the NYPD show murder and shootings are down, but robberies, assault, transit crime and retail theft are up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: The 68-year-old woman was on her way inside St. Demetrius Greek Orthodox Church when the suspect comes up from behind and cowardly attacks her punching her in the face.REPORTER: Two women, a 19-year-old and 33-year-old robbed at gunpoint.REPORTER: Police say people were firing at each other from opposite ends.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It was just like shooting after the car, but it's broad daylight where families are out.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: People living in these cities don't need to see the data. They're living it every day and oftentimes in broad daylight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRIS DISTEFANO, COMEDIAN: Thirty-nine years I never had one altercation not one altercation on the subway or in the streets with any kind of mentally unwell person in New York. Three times in the past year I've been physically assaulted or like, had to defend myself.And the cops I feel bad --(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Yes, everyone does.In DC, 96 percent of residents agree, crime is a serious issue. But there is some good news now. The nationwide staffing crisis for police departments appears to be turning a corner.For the first time since the pandemic, agencies reported hiring more sworn in officers last year than the previous four years. According to the Police Executive Forum Survey, this last January, staffing was up 0.4 percent. It's higher compared to last year nearly five percent lower than in 2020.Now, desperate departments are offering perks and bonuses. And that's helping it seems in California, for example, the Bay Area which is a mess, offering $75,000 signing bonuses for new officers, the highest in the nation.Missouri Springfield PD is offering student loan reimbursement. That helps with hiring challenges, so hopefully moving in the right direction. Let's hope.The crowd of over 36,000 people for example, the night I went on Monday, supporting our men and women in blue is giving law enforcement some hope that the people are back on their side.Overlooking the National Mall in DC, the 36th annual National Law Enforcement Memorial Fund candlelight vigil, you're seeing it, honored 282 names to that wall. Men and women who lost their lives in the line of duty. Some of them were shot, others killed in traffic accidents, some while answering a call for help.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because we're here representing a fallen co-worker. It is very heartbreaking to talk about.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He encountered a robbery.KILMEADE: Off duty?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Off duty, but they're never off duty. They shot and killed.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: My heart just broke, but I'm really glad she's not suffering anymore.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Actually, a team to help the inmate out of the cell and something went terribly wrong.Everyone kind of is like an extended family here. So it's very comforting.KILMEADE: What brings you here today?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Celebrate all of these heroes out here. Especially my dad.KILMEADE: You're here about your grandfather.UNIDENTIFIED GIRL: He was shot in the head, and he had to go to the hospital. He was really good man, and I miss him a lot.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: I mean, it went on and on and on, terrible stories made better with the support of their extended blue family. Yep, you want to make the streets safe and flush police departments back with recruits. Try this, elect DAs who will prosecute criminals, immunize officers from prosecution, let their peers police them, they're good at it, and demand your community, your family, your town, show them the respect that they deserve.Joining me right now to expand on this discussion. Former NYPD officer Commissioner Bill Bratton.Commissioner, it was great to see you. You ran things in Boston. You ran things in New York and Los Angeles. Does this remind you of any other time in American history?BILL BRATTON, FORMER NYPD OFFICER AND COMMISSIONER: In some respects, it is like deja vu all over again. Mark Twain has a quote, I will a paraphrase: History doesn't repeat itself, but it sometimes rhymes. This period reminds me very much of the early 1970s when I came into policing as a young police officer in Boston.Societal turmoil, a very unpopular war, race issues at the center of everything. Today in 2024, we have a repeat in many respects of certain elements of that time. And in the center of it now as if we were back then are police, as we so often, when society is basically in so much turmoil, and we are in turmoil at the moment that is for sure.KILMEADE: I read some numbers showing that recruiting is up. What are you hearing from some of your peers, the people you work with, the people that look to you for mentorship?BRATTON: Well, it's at that same ceremony that you were at, Brian, thank you for highlighting that, the candlelight vigil. I was privileged to read three of the 282 names on that stage, but at the meeting before that, with many of the chiefs from America who were there to read names, there is a universal theme, the sense that things are getting a little better. Recruiting is not as bad as it was, it's still a crisis.There is a great belief that the defund police movement seems to now have withered and died on the vine. It should never been allowed to grow in the first place. But there is still a malaise at the moment that we, in 2020, the events that follow the murder of George Floyd, the riots, the violence. We lost 20 years of goodwill that had been built up by American police in the early 21st Century, when crime was going down.New York City crime went down for 25 straight years. Overall, murders were down by 90 percent, overall crime by 80 percent. And that came to a screeching halt in 2019-2020. And the city is still not at its numbers back to where it was.Good news is that I've been around for a long time. These things tend to like a roller coaster, up and down. We will really down, probably as low as we have been in the last 15 years, but we're beginning a bit of an ascendancy once again.KILMEADE: We've just got to be able to put the criminals that oftentimes, your men and women put their lives on the line to arrest and they are let out at the same time, which makes them not want to arrest them because it's a waste of time and it's a risk on their career.So the other thing I saw in the paper over the last few days is New York is going to start to put a social worker in every precinct. And I saw one of those headlines now, is that something going in the right direction? Do you think we need a social worker?BRATTON: Once again, one of those well intended efforts that is going to cost about $20 million. No, what New York needs to do is effectively through its district attorneys start dealing effectively with the cause and so much of the crime, actual crime problem, but the fear and perception problem, that's the recidivists, people who are arrested dozens upon dozens of times, and just never do jail time.We've got very good with precision policing in identifying who these people are, done a very good job of arresting them time and time again, but without the support of the rest of the criminal justice system, we cannot succeed.We had in the 90s. In the 90s, we were all together, but starting 2019- 2020, it all fell apart and then coronavirus certainly impacted it even more significantly. Get it back on track and it can't get back on track again. We really need to understand that some people have to go to jail. Some of the mentally ill have to go into custodial care. We can't just let everybody out on the street over and over and over again.We have to do it.KILMEADE: Right. And Commissioner, you also said you're concerned about the election. We're all going to be vigilant for it. I think you're a voice of reason that we need to hear from regularly.This is all fixable because the wounds are all self-inflicted in my view. Commissioner, thanks so much.BRATTON: All the best.KILMEADE: All right, an Israeli activist and former NFL linebacker are teaming up to tackle maybe the toughest conversation in the country, and it is about post October 7 world, I'm talking about since the attacks in Israel, especially as antisemitic protests and pro-Palestine encampments have cropped up in college campuses across the country.I want you to meet Noa Tishby and Emmanuel Acho, co-authors of "Uncomfortable Conversations with a Jew" now, the number three in "The New York Times" list, certain on its way to number one.Welcome back, guys.EMMANUEL ACHO, CO-AUTHOR, "UNCOMFORTABLE CONVERSATIONS WITH A JEW": Thank you.NOA TISHBY, CO-AUTHOR, "UNCOMFORTABLE CONVERSATIONS WITH A JEW": Thank you.KILMEADE: Noa, let me start with you. You had this project prior to October 7, and it almost came apart on October 7, and afterwards. How?TISHBY: Well this is a great question. So I don't want to ruin it for people who are watching and are considering to read this book. But Chapter 16 is called "How This Book Almost Didn't Happen." And that is true.I think that the desire that we had to write this book and Emmanuel's idea to write this book called "Uncomfortable Conversations With A Jew" was in order to show everybody how to have uncomfortable conversations that have come out on the other side better and more united than ever. So that's what happened.Right after October 7th, we had a major fight, we didn't talk, the book fell apart. And after we decided to come back together and write this, we figured we're going to put it all in.So this actually makes a very, how should I say, an intense chapter in the book that people absolutely love.KILMEADE: And fundamentally, people don't talk about race. They don't talk about religion. But you guys take it on straight ahead. You write, Emmanuel, in the book: "Did the post-October 7 world make me feel like a Black man could be on the wrong side of history by helping a Jewish woman tell her story? No doubt about it. This collaboration will not be without backlash from my community, who may just see this as dancing for the man, and I'll be honest, that scares me." You go on?Do you want to expand on that and why you decided to go through? And why you're glad you did?ACHO: Yes, Brian. Well, I believe there's too much ignorance in society. And so often, we want to help different groups. We want to help Black people, we want to help the Jewish community, we want to help the Asian American community, et cetera, but we don't know how to help them because we're not educated on those particular communities.So how in the world can I help the Jewish community if I can't even define antisemitism? Is there a Semite group that I'm supposed to be anti? I don't even know what antisemitism is. Is being Jewish a race? Is it a religion? That's why Brian, quite literally the first chapter is titled, "What is a Jew?"One of the first five chapters is simply, "Did the Jews kill Jesus?" Another chapter is very simply "Are Jewish people White?" Because Brian, though I knew writing this book would come with backlash, I would rather betray a certain people group who view me a certain way for writing this book than betray my own intellect and I didn't want to continue to navigate society blindly.And so I wanted to write this book, but more than write this book, I wanted to learn what breaks Noa's heart? What breaks Jewish people's heart? And let me ask some questions that might make me seem antisemitic to someone who doesn't know my heart, but Noa was gracious enough to allow me the space to quite literally ask any question that anybody watching has.KILMEADE: Right, and you'd do the same thing with race and religion with you. We'll get to that.So Noa, why don't you answer the question for our audience? Is being Jewish more than a religion?TISHBY: Absolutely, it is, and right now what's happening on college campuses in America. I think everybody understand that there's a bit more to antisemitism that we previously thought.So in a nutshell, being Jewish, it's not just the religion, it's actually an ethno-religion, so it is more of an ethnic group. It's not necessarily a race, but it's an ethnic group in and of itself.And just for the people that are watching right now, there's a very interesting and intense and unpleasant cultural moment that is happening. This book, accidentally, or by the grace of God, is actually delivering a lot of these answers. If you might be wondering what is happening right now on college campuses? Why is antisemitism all of a sudden back with a vengeance? This book actually answer these questions as well.KILMEADE: Emmanuel, can you answer the question? Being the you have this great relationship and did this book? Do you know what's happening on these college campuses?ACHO: Well, I believe that we all know the what is happening on these college campuses, we know that there are protests, we know that there's unrest, and even more than they are being legitimized protests pushing for peace, there's tension going on in the world because of a lot of ignorance. But what the book really expounds on is the why.What we expound on is the historical connotations that have led us to this point. It's not just October 7th that we talk about, but quite literally, one of the chapters is predicated on October 8th, the reaction to October 7th, which if you ask many people in the Jewish community was just as emotionally triggering as October 7th itself.So everybody watching, I would hope knows the what is going on, on college campuses -- UCLA, USC, Penn, Columbia, amongst others. But I think what is just as important to ask is the why because once you understand the why, we can try to figure out some sort of solution, some sort of remedy and everybody watching can understand how they can get involved in the fight for peace.KILMEADE: Yes. I just think when I see a pro-Hamas American, I just don't know what they're thinking except they're ignorant. It makes absolutely no sense as we find out just recently, three more hostages' bodies are right in Gaza, they did nothing wrong except for showed up to go to a concert.I want you to -- I want to play this and talk about the, if we're at a better place now, and we're getting out of this whole cancel culture, especially when it comes to the third realm of religion. Here's Julian Edelman, outstanding wide receiver with the New England Patriots having some fun at the Tom Brady roast. He's Jewish.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JULIAN EDELMAN, WIDE RECEIVER, NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Fun fact, Jeff and I are both Jewish. The difference is I'm the kind of Jew that people look at and go, oh, he is Jewish? And Jeff is the kind of Jew that makes you want to join Hamas.(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Can you laugh at that, Noa?TISHBY: Can I what?KILMEADE: Can you laugh at that?TISHBY: I can laugh at that. I think that Julian Edelman is a great representation of a proud Jew, and this is something that you can laugh at, if you're coming from a positive place, and especially if you are within the community.If this would have been coming from the pro-Hamas protesters on college campuses, I would not be laughing as hard as I am right now. One of the other things that we talk about in the book that I'm so thrilled that Emmanuel wanted to ask me about is Jewish stereotypes, which I loved that we talked about and I think this is what Julian Edelman is kind of alluding to.KILMEADE: And you just whet everybody's interest and passion for getting to the bottom of this and gave them the courage to read this. You'll be better for doing it.Noa and Emmanuel, congratulations on "Uncomfortable Conversations With A Jew" rocketing up the charts. Thanks so much, guys. Appreciate it.ACHO: Thank you.KILMEADE: All right.TISHBY: Thank you for having us.KILMEADE: You got it.Up next, Big Pharma seems to be in cahoots with Big Food to keep us all sick. So what's the key to battling sickness and disease? "Good Energy" authors Casey and Calley means tell us next.And still to come, comedian, actor Jon Lovitz is one of the few celebrities to speak out against the chaotic campus protests. He'll weigh in on that and much more only here on ONE NATION.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: Welcome back.House Speaker Mike Johnson surviving Marjorie Taylor Greene's ridiculous attempt to oust him with the help of Democrats, a move that Kevin McCarthy, the former speaker is criticizing, so I had a chance to catch up with Johnson in DC this week to ask about that and much more. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Kevin McCarthy said something last week that caught some people by surprise. He said that I never would have allowed myself to be saved by Democrats like Speaker Johnson.REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): Kevin did tell people here in the building that he had made a deal with Pelosi and he thought that they would save him. By contrast, I didn't make any deals. I didn't have any conversations. I didn't ask any Democrats to do anything at all.They voted their own conscience.KILMEADE: You spent your day in New York City, downtown at that courtroom. Why was it important for you to be there?JOHNSON: It was important, as a show of support. President Trump is my friend and I think what's happening to him is outrageous.I mean, I'm a former litigator myself. What they're doing to our system of justice is undermining the people's faith in it because it's very clear what's happening here. This is lawfare. That's the best word that we have to describe it.It is purely political. It's not legal at all. They can't even really define a crime that he has supposedly committed, but what they've tied him up there now, Brian, for five weeks, he is our candidate for president. He should be out on the campaign trail. He should be free to speak and they're taking those constitutional freedoms away from him.Here is what Liz Cheney said: I have to admit I'm a bit surprised that Speaker Johnson wants to be in the I cheated on my wife with a porn star club. I guess he's not that concerned about teaching morality to our young people.JOHNSON: What I'm concerned about, and Liz, you know this because we used to serve together is maintaining the rule of law and maintaining the people's faith in our system of justice. People see a two-tiered system of justice. They see the Department of Justice and local prosecutors using politics, going after their political opponent, which is Donald Trump protecting Joseph Biden in the process, and turning the whole system against the candidate that they don't like that, does not resonate with the people.KILMEADE: Jim Jordan evidently going from district to district contentious places using his popularity. Some say that he is saving the ground up should you get the majority to take a run at Speaker. How would you feel about that? What's your relations with Jim Jordan like?JOHNSON: Jim is like a brother to me, and we are very close. We've traveled together. Our wives are very close. I mean, he is -- I've described Jim as the Obi Wan to my Luke Skywalker. Okay. So there's never any competition, no daylight between us.Jim's great leader. I respect him. I love him. I tried to get him elected speaker before it fell to me. So I'm not I'm not concerned about that at all.(PROTESTERS chanting "Intifada.")KILMEADE: They are giving vile names called on at Columbia, especially, you went there.JOHNSON: Yes.KILMEADE: And you sat there and you took the fire? You went to see again, yourself?JOHNSON: Yes.KILMEADE: What was that like?JOHNSON: By far the most hostile crowd that I've ever faced, but we just got a little taste of what these Jewish students are having to endure. It is reminiscent of what happened in the late 30s in Germany. I mean, they're using some of the same imagery, and just the vile hatred and the threats.You know, I was both heartbroken and inspired after meeting with these Jewish students, heartbroken by what they're having to go through, but so inspired by their courage and their strength, and they're all sort of unified together.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Special thanks to the Speaker for his time. Also, he had a big week, because he's got a lot to do. He's got to decide if he's going to actually try to go out and put a -- go out and get the Attorney General Merrick Garland. So we're going to see if it is going to happen with that, and he's going to censure him or he's going to subpoena him and try to get him in front of Congress.Meanwhile, let's change gears. When it comes to being healthy. We live in a world of fads. You've got juice cleanses, cold plunges, salts spas. But what if the key to living a healthy life isn't as complex as we think.We have a new book claims just that, that the secret to living better and longer lies with your metabolism? I'm joined by the co-authors, Dr. Casey Means and her brother, Calley Means they're the authors of a brand new book, "Good Energy: The Surprising Connection Between Metabolism and Limitless Health."Great to see you both. Calley, I'll start with you. When did you realize that America needs to know that they're being poisoned by their food?CALLEY MEANS, CO-AUTHOR, "GOOD ENERGY": So I was a lobbyist early my career for the food and pharma industry and I learned a simple thing, which is that 95 percent of healthcare costs are tied to preventable conditions that are all tied to our metabolism. And there's two roads we can go. We can talk, doctors can talk about that a keto diet is the best way to reverse infertility, that exercise and sunlight is the best way to reverse depression, but that's not profitable.We funded the research, we funded the med schools, we funded the politicians and the reality is that we have a system that makes money when people are sick. That's the economic reality.So Casey, trained at Stanford Med School was trained that when a kid shows a sign of ADHD, Adderall; shows a sign of being sad, SSRI. Shows it's a sign of high cholesterol, statin.All of these drugs are doubling prescription rates among teens in the past five years and it is not getting better. We have to completely have a radical change and realize that almost every chronic condition that's ailing us, Brian, is tied to metabolism and simple solves we're not being told about.KILMEADE: So Casey, what you're saying is what you found out and what you claim is there a food is combining, the USDA is combining with the medical profession and Big Pharma to keep us chronically sick because they make money while we are on some of this medication?CASEY MEANS, CO-AUTHOR, "GOOD ENERGY": It's a devil's bargain, Brian.We have a $4.3 trillion health care system, a $2 billion processed food system and an 800 -- I'm sorry, a $4 trillion healthcare system, a $2 trillion processed food system and an $800 billion fitness industry that are all colluding to make us think it's complicated to be healthy when in fact, like Calley said, it's all rooted in metabolic disease.Every chronic condition is going up all at once. We're on track to have two million cases of cancer this year, 50 percent of American adults have type two diabetes and prediabetes, 75 percent of American adults have overweight or obesity, autoimmune diseases are all going up. Infertility is going up one percent a year, and depression and anxiety are through the roof.What the science is telling us is that all of these are fundamentally rooted in metabolic dysfunction, which we can track and we can fix with simple dietary and lifestyle strategies.KILMEADE: And you say it is to their benefit if we are sick, if we're on statins, if we're on things we have to take every single day. Is that why you left the medical profession?CASEY MEANS: Absolutely. As a head and neck surgical trainee, what I saw was a very, very tragic reality which is that there is one simple financial incentive in the healthcare system, and that is to have more patients in the system for a longer period of time having more things done to them.The reality of the healthcare system to date in financial incentives is that it makes more money when patients are sick, and it makes less money when patients are healthy. I had to leave that system and try to help people really learn how to stay healthy and stop making profit for these industries that benefit off our dependency and illness.KILMEADE: Explosive allegations, it's all in the book. It's gotten people really intrigued, but I want to go over to something else we discussed just a week ago and that's Ozempic.Calley, let's talk to you. It's a way of getting people thin this way they they're not as sick. They're more healthy. Do you think Ozempic is a miracle cure?CALLEY MEANS: Absolutely not, Brian. I'm a new parent and I go to a daycare facility and most kids are clearly having issues -- developmental issues, overweight. Fifty percent of teens are overweight or obese. And what happens?The maker of Ozempic, a Danish company, funds the American Academy of Pediatrics. It's a subsidiary pharma sets the standard of care for medicine. They are now saying that 12-year-olds, that if your 12-year-old is overweight or obese, it should be the first line of defense.This is a lifetime drug, Brian. This is -- you know, we need to get kids on a path of curiosity about why they're getting so sick, about why all of these conditions are at all-time highs this year.Additionally, it will cost $1,800.00 per month per patient of taxpayer money. Bernie Sanders recently just said he's going to bankrupt the healthcare system. He's actually right on this one.We need to spend that money to fix our broken food system. Let's fix the root cause here. Ozempic is a great case study of this.KILMEADE: We just scratched the surface of what you conclude in this book. It's called "Good Energy: The Surprising Connection Between Metabolism And Limitless Health." Casey Means, Calley, great to see you. Good to see a brother and sister get along so well. And whatever you're doing is right because you look so healthy, 10 years younger than your actual age.Thanks guys. Appreciate it.CASEY MEANS: Thanks, Brian.CALLEY MEANS: Thank you, sir.KILMEADE: Meanwhile, straight ahead, campus unrest sweeping the nation and actor, Jon Lovitz who is not afraid to speak out against it. he is here next.Keep it right here on ONE NATION.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CHANLEY PAINTER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Chanley Painter in New York. Thousands of Houston residents who lost power in Thursday's deadly storms are now facing a new threat, dangerous triple digit temperatures are settling in over the region as crews are still working to fully restore power, something that could take weeks to happen.Hurricane force winds and heavy rain tore through the area two days ago leaving behind a large trail of destruction. Windows were blown out of skyscrapers and trees were knocked over. At least seven people were killed.And Donald Trump is working to boost his poll numbers. The former president delivering the keynote speech to thousands at the Annual NRA convention in Dallas this evening, telling the crowd he vowed to protect gun rights while President Biden would impose harsher gun laws.The NRA endorsed Mr. Trump at the event.I'm Chanley Painter, now back to ONE NATION.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)(PEOPLE protesting)(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Idiots.One of the few celebrities to speak out about the rampant anti-Israeli college campus chaos is Jon Lovitz. The actor-comedian, calling out students blocking Jewish kids from getting to class, posting in part: "You're supposed to be smart. You're blaming your 18-year-old classmates from the US for the actions of the government of Israel? What the hell you being taught? Think logically and quit being sheep and being used by your professors?"Joining us now to describe this and expound on that is Jon Lovitz himself.Jon, it's not going away either because now we see UC Irvine with a problem this week, DePaul, the NYU graduation. How do you explain it?JON LOVITZ, COMEDIAN AND ACTOR: Well, it's the 250 chapters of a Students for Justice for Palestine. It's like a fraternity on all the campuses and then and then they're funded by American Muslims for Palestine, which also funds Hamas.It's sad to me because I went to UC Irvine, that's where I went to college and to think of being in college and I'm a drama major, I didn't know anything, and to be 18 and then being prevented from going to class. A neighbor of mine, who is Jewish, he went to UCLA to like counter protest the students and they were yelling -- she said, they're yelling at the counter protesters, you know, turn the Jews into soap and go back to Poland and Hitler didn't finish.And you know, you see a video of a guy, a radical jihadist saying you know we want to infiltrate the education system and get people elected in government and you guys, we've already succeeded in Dearborn, Michigan, which is Rashida Tlaib, or however you say her name.KILMEADE: Who cares? Yes, I get it.LOVITZ: And they're doing it, you know. And Eli Wisel wrote a book about the Holocaust called "Night" and he said, you know, this village idiot came -- would disappear for four days and showed up and said, they're killing all the Jews. They're putting them on trains, and this, and I feel like I'm the village idiot. I talked to other Jewish people, they don't believe it. Well, you know, and I mean, they're like, they're ostriches.It's like, it's happening again. And you've got it -- I appreciate you inviting me to come on your show and speak out, because you've got to nip it in the bud.KILMEADE: Absolutely.LOVITZ: So I am honored to be on the same show as your other guests, Noa Tishby and Emmanuel Acho. Their book, it is so important. And I learned a lot about it from Noa Tishby.KILMEADE: Absolutely. You've got to democracy in the middle of Middle East, the longest running and most loyal ally, and suddenly American can't get behind them.LOVITZ: Right.KILMEADE: It makes no sense. And, Jon, I think people should know about you. You said you grew up a Democrat, who always loved Kennedy. They believe in hard work, you know, and you feel as though in many ways, there's so many Democrats now who have trouble deciding who the good guys are, especially Bernie Sanders.LOVITZ: Well, he is -- you know, he goes, I'm a Democratic socialist. And while that's just a communist that you can vote for, that's the only difference. And they basically they go, well, we'll tax you to death and then we'll pay for your college, we will pay for this, we'll pay for that. But they're not paying for it. They're paying it with your money, you know.KILMEADE: Idiots.LOVITZ: And I'm not Republican either. I'm not right wing. I don't know what I feel like I'm in the middle and everything moves so far left and right. But it's -- for some reason, all the Republicans and Fox News, they are supporting Israel, and it's shocking to me, because, you know, all my life, a Democrat and liberal, and it was liberal to support Israel, it was liberal to have more freedom of choice, and the party seemed to have switched.KILMEADE: I know, I hear you.LOVITZ: Completely.KILMEADE: So Jon, I also know you spoke out too because you own a comedy club and you talk about being really ridiculed for not paying taxes because you are successful. I remember that's the first time I heard you speaking out. I heard how angry you were back then.But I think people should know how talented you are and what you've achieved. I want to take a little look back at your career for everyone at home. Watch.LOVITZ: Okay.("RAT RACE" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)BEVERLY PEAR, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: Did you burn yourself?RANDY PEAR, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: Yes.B. PEAR: Oh, I told you.R. PEAR: Oh, God.B. PEAR: Oh, no, no. Sorry. My husband, he broke his burned his finger, ma'am. Yes, he was pulling and now he is waving.R. PEAR: Bev, Bev, not helping.B. PEAR: Oh, sorry.R. PEAR: Not helping. I really like you're dike, bike --("SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)LOVITZ: I play third base and I was so busy, I didn't have time to eat, my eyes started going bad. Yes, in fact, I was -- I was totally blind playing third baseman catcher for the Kansas City Royals in the World Series.("A LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)ERNIE CAPADINO PLAYED BY JON LOVITZ: It has been a thin slice of heaven. Goodbye.DOTTIE HINSON PLAYED BY GEENA DAVIS: Wait. You're going?CAPADINO: Oh, dry your eyes. Yeah, I'm just going home, grab a shower and a shave. Give the wife a little pickle tickle and I'm on my way. I'll see you.HINSON: Yes, but --CAPADINO: But what? Field. Tryouts. Play.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Joe, what are your thoughts watching that?LOVITZ: I can't believe I had a career. Where did it go?KILMEADE: You have a great career. There's an actor comedian. You do at all. And it's --LOVITZ: Yes. I am singing, too. I do a singing show and comedy show. I'm doing that.KILMEADE: Oh, that's all --LOVITZ: Stand up. It's fun. But that's America, you know, you can -- you have the opportunity to make something of yourself if you're willing to work hard, and stick to it, you know. And the tax thing I was upset because they were saying the upper whatever. Income makers weren't paying their fair share. And I'm like it's over 50 percent. It's like, that's just not true, you know?KILMEADE: And that's still the case. In fact, the thing has gotten worse. And finally, why aren't there more Jewish people in Hollywood speaking out? How does that make any sense?LOVITZ: I don't know. I mean, the ones I see on Twitter speaking out all the time is the actor Michael Rapaport who is, I worked with him in the Woody Allen film. Michael is a great guy. And from "Everybody Loves Raymond," Patricia Heaton, and, you know, played Ray Romano's wife. She's not Jewish. She speaks out constantly. I mean, the support from her and people that aren't Jewish is great.KILMEADE: Jon, I appreciate you speaking out. And I know you and Jerry Seinfeld and others are getting a lot of people's respect for that. Thanks so much, Jon. Appreciate it.LOVITZ: You've got to do it. Everyone needs to speak out, not just me, everybody.KILMEADE: I know. Hopefully, you're leading the charge. Thank you, Jon. Appreciate it.LOVITZ: Thank you.KILMEADE: Meanwhile, You can watch Jon on Fox Nation, his special "History of the World in Six Glasses" is streaming now. It's hysterical and to find out where you can see him perform, stand up check him out on X @RealJonLovitz, no H.Thanks, Jon.Meanwhile, catch my show onstage, History, Liberty & Laughs featuring my new book "Teddy and Booker T." It is red, white and blue. And we'll take your questions in Indianapolis June 29th, as well as in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, July 27th. Go to BrianKilmeade.com. VIP opportunities remain where I can meet you before.Meanwhile, on this show up next, Eric Adams has a plan to fix the lifeguard shortage and it's even worse than you might think. Jamie Lissow was here for the one and only "News Duel" next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: All right, you gave it away. It's time now for "News Duel," the hottest segment that everybody is talking about, but just not on television. Joining us now because we couldn't get anybody else is Jamie Lissow.Jamie, how are you doing? Don't take that personal.JAMIE LISSOW, COMEDIAN: I'm doing great. I am as they say available today.KILMEADE: That is so great. Hey, do you want to start?LISSOW: Sure.KILMEADE: Cue the music. Let's go. Eric Adams was at it again today. Just when you thought he turned it around, he was making a lot of sense. Then he offered this explanation, this idea for what to do with the 81,000 illegal immigrants in our midst. Let's watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: How do we have a large body of people that are in our city and country that are excellent swimmers and at the same time we need lifeguards? And the only obstacle is that we won't give them the right to work to become a life guard.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: Geez.LISSOW: So racist. I was pressured into keep on going like we need professional fleers, people that climb fences. I was a lifeguard once I got fired. I got fired, I was trying to say this girl. I was giving her mouth to mouth. And they were just like, listen, she wasn't drowning. She was trying to talk to her friend.KILMEADE: That was a problem.LISSOW: You are fired.KILMEADE: That's a totally different story.LISSOW: Yes.KILMEADE: And you're here legally. So it really didn't help the segment.LISSOW: Yes.KILMEADE: Next. Scientists work at something and you're so relieved.LISSOW: That's right. Scientists are working on a -- something to detect sarcasm.KILMEADE: Really.LISSOW: Yes. Which I could have really used --KILMEADE: Are you talking about the University Groningen Sciences.LISSOW: That's right. You know how I subscribe to the University of Groningen Research Weekly.KILMEADE: That's why I come by your office.LISSOW: Yes, and they said they can detect when someone is being sarcastic, which I could have really used this during my wedding vows.KILMEADE: Which means?LISSOW: Yes.KILMEADE: Your first wedding.LISSOW: First wedding, yes, yes. I'll be till death do us part. Sure.KILMEADE: But they have a way to detect -- here's the thing. They can do pitch, speaking rate, energy so people can understand. Wait, I'm like, are you being serious? Because Jamie in your life, people always think, you're kidding, right?LISSOW: Yes, it's great to be here.KILMEADE: Right. In a way.LISSOW: I wish there was a sarcasm font. So when you're texting, you would know.KILMEADE: Maybe both. We can try that.So do you know the problem -- fathers and daughters have great relationships, but also very interesting and intriguing. Case in point, this Gen Z daughter whose dad runs a steel company, and she works for the company. She wanted to explain what she does with her dad right next to her eating lunch. Let's watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Growing up, at a very young age, I knew I wanted to work here. I've always had a big passion for structural steel.We just completed a few projects on Rodeo Drive, which is really cool. The Chanel store, the Rolex store, and the Bulgari store, is that how you say it? But I'm really involved in all that stuff. I like a lot of the drawings showed to me and I get --(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: The dad is not buying it. She's trying to feign interest. Does this happen in your life?LISSOW: I love this so much. She was like we do this. We if she had more-- she has more oi's than France. This will never happen to me. Because I don't want my daughter to follow in my footsteps. I don't. I don't. I'd go, I want you to have things. Don't be a comedian. I want you to have thing that I didn't have, you know, like health insurance, and pillows and self- esteem.But I thought it was really cute. I feel like they still might have a good relationship.KILMEADE: I just like their relationship. I think everyone can relate to it. Jamie, where do we find -- where are you going to be appearing?LISSOW: I'm going to be in Austin, Texas coming up soon. And then Kansas City and then St. Charles, Missouri. I like to not give the dates and have people try to find it themselves.KILMEADE: It's so interesting. Challenge your audience. I've got to try that.Hey, go on social media. I'm not going to tell you exactly where to go. But if I was to get specific, I'd use these addresses -- Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Rumble. Oh, no, no, find it yourself. You know how to spell my name.Also keep sending in your videos when you go on vacation. Dennis sent us this video of him doing what he does best. He says this is how we golf in Arizona. A slice of our audience's life. And I know Jamie, you are jealous.That does it for us, the music and the slow zoom out means one thing we're out of material.LISSOW: All right.KILMEADE: Out of material.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KILMEADE: That does it for us. Where does the time go on this Saturday? Don't forget to take ONE NATION on vacation with you and then I want you to send us your photo or a video of you wearing your ONE NATION shirt, drinking from your thermos or your ONE NATION cup and tell me where you are.OneNation@fox.com We'll go on vacation with you.Also got to remind you, two days of "Fox & Friends," the second day is Sunday. Catch "Fox & Friends" from 6:00 AM to 10. The crew is back in full attendance.And please tune into my radio show, the fastest growing in the country from nine to noon Eastern time. Congressman Kevin Hearne, Lauren Wright, Michael Goodwin amongst my guests."Fox News Saturday Night" starts right now with Jimmy Failla and as usual, I will sit in my studio and watch the whole thing and quiz myself later to make sure.