BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: For Fox News Sunday. Guests include Florida Senator Rick Scott, Congressman Adam Smith, and mother of Hamas hostage Rachel Goldberg-Polin. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and every night this week. That's it for us. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Thank you so much as always for joining us. For Biden's boosters, buyer's remorse. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, in 2020, we were told that Joe Biden would save us from what they claimed was the chaos of the Trump presidency.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: People need to feel safe and secure, and Joe Biden represents stability,SUSAN GLASSER, JOURNALIST: There was a palpable sense of returning to normalcy that that powered an animated Joe Biden's campaign.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People of America clearly have said, we need stability. And Joe Biden actually represents that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, tell us about it. Mitch. Well, four years later, we're seeing what they meant by stability, safety, Biden style.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It is a flood for three years of seven plus million migrants.MATT EGAN, CNN REPORTER: Consumer sentiment plunging by the most in almost three years, three big concerns that stood out here jobs, interest rates, and of course inflation.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now but wait, the Democrats like billionaire megadonor Haim Saban promised us that Biden was reasonable and experienced.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HAIM SABAN, DEMOCRAT MEGADONOR: He's more of a centrist than a Left-wing part of the Democratic Party. And I am absolutely confident that it was time for us to have somebody with Washington experience in order to get things done. The President-elect Biden is the right man at the right time in the right place.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: No, boy, of course, that was before Biden stabbed Israel in the back precisely because the Far-Left running his party demanded he do so.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Civilians have been killed in Gaza as a consequence of those bombs and other ways in which they go after population centers. If they go into Rafah, I'm not supplying the weapons that have been used historically to deal with Rafah. This is this wrong, we're not going to supply the weapons and artillery shells used.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: He was in REM cycle there by the way. Well, who's sorry now? Mr. Saban, the megadonor, sorry. In a letter to top White House staff, he wrote, even beyond Israel, this sends a terrible message to our allies in the region and beyond. And beyond that we can flip from doing the right thing to bending to political pressure. Let's not forget that there are more Jewish voters who care about Israel than Muslim voters that care about Hamas. Bad, bad, bad, he wrote, bad decision on all levels, please reconsider.Well, this is all unfolding exactly as we predicted. You are here with us, cratering economy, open border catastrophe, the radical Left running the show, you want to know what four more years of Biden is going to look like? Just ask AOC, it's whatever she says.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I'm Joe Biden.REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): I'm Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.SEN. ED MARKEY (D-MA): I'm Ed Markey.BIDEN: Americans can now apply to join the American climate corps.OCASIO-CORTEZ: Those who become American climate corps members will get paid to fight the impacts of climate change.MARKEY: To apply for an American climate corps job, visit climatecorps.gov.BIDEN: We're counting on you.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, this is what it's come to. If you want to keep your gas powered car, if you think America should have a strong automobile industry, if you want your gas stove, your gas water heater, if you want to restrict who comes into the country who's supposed to be here, if you want any kind of border, if you want the state of Israel to exist in the future, then Mr. Stability was never your answer. Because Democrats aren't placating the hard Left. They're replicating the hard Left, and the hard Left is intent on undoing America from top to bottom.Again, this wasn't really hard to predict. All you had to do was watch how the Democrats celebrated and even reveled in the passion and activism after George Floyd, remember what was happening in the streets? Well, they were passing condemnations of the violence as the Democrats exploited the anger for their own political benefit, and then tried to pin it all on Trump. We can never forget how the Never Trump types at the time were willing to risk the entire country because Trump didn't think like they did.Just because, you know, he was more rough and tumble. Well, more of a pragmatist, a populist instead of a knee jerk interventionist.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL KRISTOL, EDITOR-AT-LARGE, THE BULWARK: A second term of Trump really, I think would be kind of a nightmare for America. It's been easier also to support the Democrats this year, because Joe Biden is the nominee who -- the center did hold in the Democratic Party. They're pretending that the nominee is Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren or AOC might get a centrist Democratic administration which could restore some civility and some sensible governance to the country. And that's a good thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: As he read any of those books behind him or are they just there for decoration. Well, that guy ever admit he got it wrong. Well, look, none of us really care. Because the only reason anyone ever paid attention to him was because of his father who was a true intellectual. The GOP establishment was so hot unburying Trump that they didn't worry about bearing America.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KASICH (R), FORMER OHIO GOVERNOR: Many of us have been deeply concerned about the current path we've been following for the past four years. It's a path that's led to division, dysfunction, irresponsibility, and growing vitriol between our citizens continuing to follow that path will have terrible consequences for America's soul.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: How's this America's soul now, John? Remember he was a governor of Ohio won't even come to the convention it was held in his own state or sorry, is our soul OK with a White House being run by pro-trans, pro-Hamas anti-oil and gas, pro-pot, pro-abortion, open borders zealots? Is that good for the soul, John?Will he do an about face? Mea culpa? Isn't that good for the soul? Or will he go down with the Titanic, I'm betting on the ladder. No one inside the beltway ever saw Biden as anything, and I mean anything but an empty vessel with a cheesy smile. A man who thought an endless stream of made-up folksy anecdotes were enough to hide the fact that he believed in nothing, nothing at all, except building his own brand, to help his family get rich. And they become really rich.Hunter, Jim, Valerie, a whole lot. But the working people, the Scranton Joe claimed to identify with? Well, he may back slap them at all the union hall events, but we know he doesn't give a rip about what his inflation has done to them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: The fact is that if you take a look at what the people have, they have the money to spend.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So, the buyer's remorse that is trickling out from the Never Trump-ers, and even from some old line Democrats, it's real, even if their pride won't let them admit that they were wrong. We know the truth. They convince themselves that Old Joe could control the radicals. But now the radicals control him. But here at the Angle, we've always known, Joe Biden puts the Biden's first, last and always. And Joe Biden has decided that his future depends on support from the hard Left.He's seen what it looks like when the college campuses explode. And he's terrified. Not that that's going to continue, but that the radicals will come after him. Nothing any of the Never Trump-er say is going to matter. He's going to follow AOC and Ilhan Omar and the rest of the hard Left, because they run the Democrat Party these days, and they will keep running it until they're beaten.Now we all have a choice in November. Its return to President Trump which means peace and prosperity, or four more years of the radical anti- American, antisemitic Left. Those are the only options. And that's the Angle.Joining me now Florida Congressman Byron Donalds. Congressman, it's wonderful to see you on this Friday night. Do any of these people who said what they said, we could have played a whole series of clips that are less than the whole hour. But how bad Trump was and how centrist Biden is? Do you think they actually realize the mistake they made and that they'll come home to this new working-class party or are they going to go down with the ship?REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): Laura, good to be with you. I'll tell you; I think they've realized the mistakes. I've had conversations with a lot of people you probably say are from the donor class, starting to see what's actually happened to the country realize the full impacts. And I think they're going to join us this November 1st, 2nd, and 3rd, I think they really do care about the country. They want the country to move forward.But I think we entered this weird space in politics the last decade or so that what you said and how you said it mattered significantly more than what was actually done and the impacts of that policy. And now that the reality of the terrible Democrat policy has come home for America to see, I think a lot of those donors, a lot of those voters are going to be coming get back home, and they're going to vote Donald Trump this November.INGRAHAM: Yes, the only future for the Republican Party. The only future is a multi-ethnic working-class future. That's it. There's -- and so this whole idea that we're going to go back to the glory days of the early 2000s. That's gone. OK. That party is now become subsumed in the Democrat party. This party is working-class, the people that you represent, Congressman, but look the hard Left with Kamala Harris, they are going to describe a second Trump term this way. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS (D), VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Here's what a second Trump term would look like. More bans, more suffering, and less freedom. Do we believe in the promise of America? And are we ready to fight for it? And when we fight, we win.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I think my windows just cracked. Congressman, your response to that freedom for them is pot, porn, and abortion. Oh, sorry, antisemitism, I guess that's freedom too?DONALDS: Well, look, first thing is that I hope that we go ahead and finish off Kamala Harris, get her out of the vice presidency, she should not be given rally speeches. That was awful. That's number one.Number two, you're absolutely correct, Laura, what they want is this crazy vision of America, which raises prices on everybody, which limits our ability to be energy independent, which has the drug cartels taking over our cities, and trafficking people into our country, which empowers our enemies across the globe, there is no freedom in that there is no real choices in that.The only thing that you get is despotism. And that despotism comes at an incredibly high price, where working families can't even get ahead. That's a terrible vision for America. So, the thing that you actually get with a Trump presidency is you get a reinvigorated America, you get a significantly safer world. That's better for working Americans, Americans, frankly, who are rich Americans who are upper middle class, and people who --INGRAHAM: Common sense.DONALDS: -- are in our country really trying to build something out of themselves.INGRAHAM: Yes, it's common sense.DONALDS: It's common sense. That's what you get.INGRAHAM: This is -- yes, it's just common sense. A country needs a border. We need a vibrant small business sector. We need to make stuff here. And we need to kick China on its heels. And we've got to support our democracy in the Middle East. I mean, this is not a rocket science here. But these guys want to spend and print money and borrow until we're all just serfs to the state.Congressman, I saw you over the weekend at Mar-a-Lago. That was fun. It's good to see you. And my daughter got to meet you. And she enjoyed that very much, Congressman, great to see you. Thanks so much.All right. Does Alvin Briggs star witness Stormy Daniels have a sixth sense. We found some very interesting video. It's Friday night. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Alvin Bragg's star witness Stormy Daniels not just a talented porn star, she sees dead people.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It was a portion of the cross-examination where Susan Necheles was focused on the fact that Stormy Daniels now claims that she is a medium and that she communicates with dead people and has participated in a TV series about the paranormal where she explores things including the fact that at one point an ex-boyfriend of hers was inhabited by spirits.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wait a second. Wait a second. Wait a second. She is a woman of many talents. And apparently, we have some context for you, some video. Not that kind of video.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STORMY DANIELS, PORN STAR: I'm Stormy Daniels. Yes, that stormy Daniels as I get asked a lot of what got me into the paranormal and I always make the joke that paranormal got into me.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Paranormal got into me. Let's find out more.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIELS: I head knocking, I heard scratching, blood ran down the walls. So that just sort of led me to want to prove that the things I was experiencing and feeling and seeing were real. So, we had an idea to do a ghost hunting show called Spooky Babes. Let's do it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now as you might imagine, Spooky Babes is a very, very serious show.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIELS: There's a feeling that I get and a weird taste in my mouth. I know that sounds really strange.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: She got fillings of a woman in the bathroom.DANIELS: It's like a really ugly bathroom. So, and the color yellow I have no idea what that means. I think it just said, slut.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, that ghost was rude. But this show is all about helping others, it's about sacrifice, of course.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIELS: I've come online, I guess that's their lingo for it. Basically, just means I see dead people. I want to normalize these things for people. I have a plan to not just help people in the moment but to teach them how to protect themselves moving forward because I know firsthand that once these energies, spirits, ghosts, whatever it is, finds you, they'll keep finding you.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, I'm going to give you a tip. How to protect yourself from paranormal activity, call a priest, Exorcist, not Stormy. And the big news today coming out of court is who's scheduled to take the stand on Monday? Yes, admitted liar, convicted perjurer Michael Cohen, aka the Jughead. But he's got to take some time off of his busy TikTok schedule to do it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL COHEN, FORMER TRUMP ATTORNEY: I'll be taking a couple of days off. There's not too many names left in the let's say in the can. Let's just expect that I will have a lot on my plate sometime beginning next week.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Is it just me or is he always sound stuffed up? What are we going to do? Well, how will we get more brilliant content like this?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That shirt is perfect for you, and I only wish you could wear it to court.COHEN: Would that something.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: When he's not trying on different filters or flirting with the fans, he's trashing Trump and talking about the trial. The former President's lawyers today asked Judge Juan Merchan to put Cohen under a gag order. So, he stops doing this, potentially attaining the jury. But that order, that request for an order was denied. And Cohen was just told to behave, stop insulting his old boss.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There's no gag order to Michael Cohen. What the judge did was amazing, actually, it was amazing. Everybody can say whatever they want, they can say whatever they want, but I'm not allowed to say anything about anybody. It's a disgrace.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Sol Wisenberg, former Deputy Independent Counsel, Fox News Contributor. Sol, gag orders aren't the common path that is taken in trials. Certainly not against a criminal defendant? Someone like Donald Trump. But what about that fact that of course, Cohen can go on and on, make money, trash talking the President, obviously defaming him. And the judge is basically saying tis, tis, try to stop it, please.SOL WISENBERG, FORMER DEPUTY INDEPENDENT COUNSEL: I was thinking about the same thing today, Laura, judges do have the power to issue gag orders as long as their constitutional, court has an inherent power over the defendant, the parties, the attorneys and witnesses. I don't understand why Stormy Daniels is doing the same thing. She's commenting on social media, why the judge doesn't subject them to a gag order.It really is, it really is shocking. And if for some reason, he doesn't think he has the power to do that, because Stormy is in a state outside its jurisdiction. The judge certainly has the power to say to the government, if you don't control your witnesses, I'm going to strike their testimony.The -- this judge in my opinion just cannot conceal his prejudice against the client -- against former President Trump here.INGRAHAM: Yes, the disparate treatment is so stark and so obvious. Michael Cohen, hit the Trump supporters out there on his TikTok last night. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)COHEN: Smash those hearts, smash the blue hearts, and so on the like button, all that crap, do that just so that we can show MAGA, I kind of enjoy the fact that we bother them as much as we do. Because they know, they know that come November, there's going to be an (inaudible) whooping.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Sol, I mean, again, this -- it's also pathetic. I mean, it's -- I had a chance to meet Cohen a few times. And yes, I didn't think much of him. But it just, it just, again, I think demonstrates the -- just the unfairness of this entire proceeding, and he is just the poster boy of why you don't put a President of the United States, former President of the United States on trial in an election year. Period. End of story.WISENBERG: I don't see how, Laura, this case is assuming that former President Trump is convicted, I don't see how it's going to stand up on appeal, given the prejudice displayed here by this judge, even in New York state and Michael Cohen is a uniquely vulnerable witness. We're all used to government witnesses who can be impeached by their own past conduct, and by their own criminality, but here with Michael Cohen, he's vulnerable in so, so many ways.He has been found by a court of law to be a person who is not credible. And this is even after his cooperation agreement with the government. Also, it's not just that he pled guilty for some alleged election related fraud. The reason that he pled guilty was because he faced massive criminal exposure, based on conduct in New York state, New York state crimes that have nothing to do with former President Trump. They relate to his --INGRAHAM: Sol?WISENBERG: -- medallion business. So, he is going to be very, very vulnerable. They should be able to do a very good cross of him.INGRAHAM: Oh, I can't wait. Sol, great to see you. Have a wonderful weekend. All right, up next, Democrats fake a lot of things. But this next fake won't surprise you and its desperation. We'll talk about it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: All right, we told you, this is like clockwork, that the Democrats, the White House, they wouldn't even pretend to care about the border invasion, because remember that's their policy, a border invasion, until it started to hurt them politically. And it is.So, lo and behold, that's exactly what's happening right now. We have 15 House Democrats who are supposedly urging Biden to take executive action on the border.Because -- guys, everything that they say about the border now is phony, because most of those 15 are in very tough races and they know, as we know, that immigration is at the top of the list of voter concerns. Plus, we know who Biden really listens to.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We have got to make sure that President Biden does everything he can to provide long-term relief for long-term undocumented residents.UNKNOWN: This administration must act now to cut through the red tape for our dreamers.UNKNOWN: What we firmly reject is failed Trump era policies aimed at banning asylum and moving us backwards. Mr. President, we know what's in your heart.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Stephen Miller, former senior advisor to President Trump, founder of America First Legal. Stephen, I love this phony border pivot that they keep dangling these, well, he may change the asylum laws. Well, they may do this. Is there anything to this or is this just electioneering?STEPHEN MILLER, AMERICA FIRST LEGAL FOUNDER: No, we are now in our fourth year of the border invasion, Laura. The only thing they are doing is keeping that conveyor belt smoothly running, bringing illegal aliens from outside the country into the country. And if they can't do it by land, what do they do, Laura? They send airplanes to foreign countries like Haiti, fill them up with illegals and then fly them into swing states. The invasion is not going to stop for one second, one minute, one hour until Joe Biden is voted out of office and Donald Trump is voted into office.In fact, just two days ago, every Democrat in the House, everyone unanimously voted to give illegal aliens representation in allotting congressional seats and electoral college votes. That's how open borders they are.INGRAHAM: And that's the real goal here, correct? I mean, they want to fundamentally change the country from top to bottom, every corner of the country, and that's why they want to bring in this new population.And I saw that they're really upset that West Virginia isn't bringing in, I'm sure you saw this, Steve, West Virginia isn't allowing in all these foreign workers and illegal laborers. And that's like a crime now, not to let them in.MILLER: Well, that notice is enraging to Democrats, the thought that any would be illegal alien could be kept out of a city, a state, any part of the United States of America. And even that's not enough for them.As I'm sure you know well, and your audience knows, now Joe Biden and Democrats like Senator Tammy Baldwin in Wisconsin, are trying to bring Gaza refugees to America. They want to turn the Midwest into the Middle East.So, at every step it's find poor migrants from around the world and bring them into America in unlimited numbers.INGRAHAM: Well, so they can go to college campuses and tell us how evil and rotten we are. Stephen, it's always great to see you. And I know you'll have a wonderful Mother's Day with your family and treat your wife --MILLER: Very excited. Happy Mother's Day to you as well, Laura.INGRAHAM: Thanks so much. All right. Blue cities keep cutting speed limits. What? But is it really about safety? Hmm. What could it be about? The truth, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Planet Earth is getting rocked by the biggest solar storm in decades. Fox News senior national correspondent Kevin Corke, who's also a meteorologist, has the details.Hi, Kevin. What's the Doppler radar saying? That doesn't work with the sun.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: You are hilarious. No, I want to tell you about this. This is actually an interesting story. You'll appreciate this, Laura. There is a storm. It's electromagnetic. And Americans as far south as Illinois, or maybe even Alabama, may be able to see, wait for it, the aurora borealis or northern lights tonight.Now those dancing lights will be the sign of charged particles ejected from storms on the surface of the sun as, of course, they collide with the Earth's magnetic field. However, and this is important, with the Earth increasingly becoming electrified, these storms also could be potentially disruptive to both radio and the grid.And while the storm is unlikely to cause serious problems, it is nevertheless a warning of more serious risks in the future.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This is sort of a huge explosion that can be associated with the flare. But basically, what happens is part of the sun actually lifts off the surface, right? So, this plasma, the charged particles, the magnetic field that makes up the sun, part of it actually lifts off the sun and streams away into space.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Didn't think you'd learn all that tonight now, did you? And then there's this from the Space Weather Prediction Center. Quote, "a coronal mass ejection, CME, is an eruption of solar material. When they arrive at Earth, a geomagnetic storm can result. Watches at this level are very rare."NOAA scientists, by the way, are comparing the ongoing watch alert to a tornado alert, which means grid managers should just go about their business but remain vigilant and aware and alert. Laura.INGRAHAM: Kevin, you mean people can't scroll on doom-scroll on Instagram all night long at Amazon Prime?CORKE: I knew you were going to say that.INGRAHAM: I mean, we could use a break from social media.CORKE: Guilty.INGRAHAM: Myself included. All right, Kevin, I'll text you after the show. All right, Kevin, thanks. Thanks.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: See the USA in your Chevrolet. America is asking you to call. Drive your Chevrolet through the USA. America's the greatest land of all.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, God, that was great. Believe it or not, there was a time when Americans were encouraged to get out of the cities and cruise the open roads. But that America, the one most of us grew up in, at least remember or, you know, completely revere, doesn't exist anymore.Under the guise of public safety, cities are now lowering their speed limits to a snail's pace. Today, New York City Governor Kathy Hochul is celebrating a new law dropping New York's speed limit to 20 miles per hour. And in some areas as low as 10 miles per hour. I can walk faster. And other blue cities are getting ready to do the same.But it does not end there. The Biden administration just instituted a new rule that will require automatic braking systems on all cars by 2029, meaning the car will be able to stop on its own whether you want it to or not. Hmm.Well, the totalitarian left's attempts to just control Americans, whether it's lockdowns, slowdowns, is an assault on our most basic freedom, the freedom of movement.Joining me now, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, and Sean Duffy, co- host of FBN's The Bottom Line and a Fox News contributor. Sean, now, Hochul and her crew claim, as they always do, that this is all for our safety. It's all reasonable. Just like in COVID, it was all for our safety. But given the history here, what should we think?SEAN DUFFY, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK HOST, "THE BOTTOM LINE": Well, so, right. We want to lower the speed limits for our public safety. But Laura, these are the same people that let violent criminals out on the streets the same day they're arrested to commit more violent crimes. So, this is not about safety. This is not about climate change. This is about using fear to give them more power and control.What do they want here? They want to make driving so painful, so expensive that you give up your car. That you'll just, I'm going to take the bus. I'll ride the filthy, dirty, violent subway. So, if you do that, they're going to, again, reduce emissions. But what they really want is, they want to keep you in a two-mile radius.They want you to live, eat and work within two miles, so they have you voluntarily controlling your space and your movement, which is everything contrary to what you'd say is the American dream.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Now, Governor, I mean, just as a kid, it's like, let's hit the road. That's so exciting, right? We're going to drive to wherever, New Hampshire. I grew up in Connecticut, driving to New Hampshire, driving to Massachusetts. It was a big deal and it was fun. And you did it as a family. Why is that a threat to them?MIKE HUCKABEE, FORMER ARKANSAS GOVERNOR: I'm not sure what it is. But I'll tell you one of the reasons they want to slow the speed limit is because so many people are leaving New York. Almost nine hundred thousand people have left New York since 2020. They're trying to slow down the exodus because they're moving so fast that they can't keep up with the exit of people getting the heck out of New York to go someplace where they can live free.INGRAHAM: Governor, when is the last time you drove ten miles an hour? I mean, you're very physically, you bike. You bike, what? Eighteen, nineteen miles an hour average. There's no way you ever drove ten miles an hour unless you were in gridlock traffic, right? Never.HUCKABEE: Unless there -- I'm in a parking lot and I'm waiting on a parking place, two cars up for me and I'm going real-slow to beat the guy who's going to turn left in front of me.I mean, let's face it. Nobody drives at ten miles an hour. Nobody. And in New York City, I mean, we've all been there. You know, the cabs, I don't think they're capable of going as slow.INGRAHAM: I hate the bike lanes. Yeah, the bike lanes are faster, right? They take your -- they practically take your kneecap off every time we step into the Fox Bureau.And Governor, Sean, it's like the pedals take your kneecap off. And they do that to David Stockman once, as I recall. I'm really dating myself, but that's OK.DUFFY: I drive over the speed bumps for more than ten miles an hour. I jump those things. I don't -- you know, you mentioned that automatic braking. I don't really care about that. But I don't know if you've had a new car recently. They have that automatic shut off. You pull up to a stoplight and your car shuts off like that.So, do I. I'm like -- because I hit the gas and the car revs. I mean, leave me alone. Let me -- I'll decide when I stop. I'll turn my car off if I want to turn it off. Let me have the freedom to choose how I drive my car and how my car operates.INGRAHAM: Well, Governor, isn't it the case that if Joe Biden, heaven forbid, and Kamala Harris get another four years, we can safely conclude tonight that is the end of the U.S. automobile industry, period. End of story. It's over.HUCKABEE: Oh, I think it's more than that. I think it's the end of the U.S. I mean, my gosh, if they had four more years to continue to destroy this country economically, socially, morally and every other way, I don't know how we survive.And so, then the speed limit will have to be increased because we're all going to be wanting to drive as fast as we can to get away from anything that the government touches. These are crazy people. We just have to accept. These are crazy people. They have crazy ideas and they're going to turn the country into a crazy country if we don't vote them out.INGRAHAM: Well, but they don't care, Sean, what the people want. People want illegals deported. They want the border shut down. They want government to be reasonable and not in their lives at every turn. And they don't like EV's. Most people don't like EV's.At least the Washington Post, though, thinks that conservatives are the only ones. They're responsible for delaying the EV goals of Biden, saying about 40 percent of new car buyers are Republicans. Without them, the country won't be able to shift fully to electric vehicles. There's one thing holding the nation back from the dream of the all-electric future, political polarization.So, Sean, it's your family's fault, Huckabee's fault, my fault that people just hate electric cars. They don't like them. Period.DUFFY: But talk to any car dealer, even liberal states, people aren't buying electric vehicles because they don't want them. Look at Chicago over the winter, a liberal city where it got cold and you couldn't charge your electric vehicle.So, again, we're not -- these aren't ready for primetime. Americans don't want to. But you mentioned the polling. All these issues Joe Biden loses on, whether it's the economy, the border. The problem is that they're still tied in the polls and abortion is still an issue for so many female independent voters. Donald Trump has to figure out a way to get over that and talk about these real issues that are affecting everyone's everyday lives.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Pop, porn, abortion and anti-Semitism. Join the Democrat Party. It's so wonderful. Governor and Sean, thank you.All right. The left's pathetic play, yeah, for the youth vote.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Well, the bottom line is that there have been great experiments in the states on legalization of marijuana. Crime hasn't gone up. Drug addiction hasn't gone up. People have more freedoms.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Freedom, huh? Is this the freedom, Chuck wants for us?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: So, when he first started using, he told me that they all wanted to try to get high at the party and he didn't know what to do. He very quickly became addicted. Five years later, he died by suicide, saying that the mob was after him. We don't have a mob.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: First, let's be clear. This supposed great experiment in weed that Schumer was talking about, it's just a pathetic play for the youth vote. Because guess what? Young voters are running away from Biden. That's how little they think of our young people, by the way. Just keep them dumb. Keep them numb.Second, this great experiment has already burned itself out. Or is the oxygen area with an attitude unaware of what his own governor, Kathy Hochul, has said on the subject? That implementation has been, quote, "a disaster."And as for his claim that weed use doesn't mean more crime, he's either lying or stoned or both.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This proliferation of illegal shops has been a source of enormous frustration. Frustrated local leaders have been powerless as these unlicensed shops operate right under their noses, sowing chaos, destabilizing neighborhoods and attracting other types of crime.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, those are just illegal shops. Joining me now, Dr. Marc Siegel, Fox News medical contributor, NYU Langone professor of medicine. And Alex Marlow, editor in chief of Breitbart.Dr. Siegel, is Schumer firing up his own bong at this point or just lying or what is it?DR. MARC SIEGEL, FOX NEWS MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I can't tell because I'm not in the room, so I can't smell. So, I don't know if he passes the smell test. But I'll tell you, Laura, more than 300 studies have shown a correlation between frequent cannabis use, marijuana use, and violent crime. And traffic accidents are up 475 percent in Canada where it's been legal since 2018 over the past decade.And all of the states where it's legal, California, Colorado, New York, to name three, have seen enormous increases in emergency room visits from cannabis induced psychosis, not to mention anxiety, not to mention depression or behavioral issues.So, as you said, this test has already happened and it has been failed. Marijuana, when it's legal -- and by the way, in Colorado, get this, the number of dispensaries of legal marijuana correlates directly with how many ER visits there are from psychosis.INGRAHAM: It's been a disaster in California as well, Alex. You know, my question here is, is this really, forget how bad THC, high THC marijuana is, psychosis, schizophrenia, we know it all.But is this really a plan to get the youth vote? I mean, it really is like one of the most cynical and condescending, I think, really insulting approaches to young voters I've ever heard.ALEX MARLOW, BREITBART NEWS EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: Laura, I think you're astute there. I think he does. Maybe he'll pick up a little bit of the youth vote here. But I think this is a pander to other groups. We're talking big pot, big marijuana. The banks want this to happen because if he reclassifies marijuana as, you know, a lesser offense, then this opens up that entire industry.I bet a lot of his donors are heavily invested in pot, which I'm out here in California. It's flatline, Laura. It's not a huge industry here. It's a big pain in the butt. It competes with the illegal pot. It is a real pain to have that industry.I think a lot of those donors want to cash in. They have not cashed in yet. It's just following the money. It's all you got to do with Schumer.INGRAHAM: Well, I think that's an excellent point. And Dr. Siegel, we know big banks have been pushing for decriminalization, legalization across the board. Big weed, which is billions of dollars as an industry, also has huge lobbying power.But there's another angle here. Kamala Harris apparently thinks prosecuting drug crimes is racist.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Nobody should have to go to jail for smoking weed. Black Americans and Latinos are four times more likely, four times more likely to be arrested, arrested for marijuana possession. And the disparity is even larger when you talk about the subset of black men and Latino men.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Dr. Siegel, I mean, you're a medical doctor, not a political pundit. But honestly, I mean, now that's racist? A law is racist. How about getting people addicted to something for lots of lots of campaign donations? How about that is just disgusting. Forget racism. Dr. Siegel.SIEGEL: I think it's terrible to be pulling the race card on that. I completely agree with you. And California, where Alex is from and where Kamala Harris is from, get this, twice as many women are smoking pot when pregnant than smoking cigarettes. And pot leads to all kinds of trouble in infants once they're born in terms of behavioral delay and preterm infants. And why isn't Kamala Harris worried about that?You know, you want to know disingenuousness. If you're really worried about the medical part of this and not the political, as he said, going for the big money, big money vote because the marijuana industry is not doing that well right now, right?So, let's ignore the fact that pregnant women are smoking pot where it's legal. A huge disgrace to ignore that.INGRAHAM: Thank you both for joining us tonight.SIEGEL: Thank you, Laura. Good to see you.INGRAHAM: And finally, our first and best president said this of Mary Ball Washington. My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.Well, I feel exactly the same way about my own mother, Anne Caroline Ingraham, who died many years ago. My work ethic, my patriotism, I hope my sense of humor, I got it all from her. I appreciate her a lot more now than I'm a mother myself of three teens. Gulp.It's my daughter Maria's 19th birthday today. Happy birthday, Maria. I love you. To all the moms, expectant mothers, and mother stand ins, a lot of those out there, I hope your children, your friends, your grandchildren honor you and love you this Sunday and every day because you make it all happen.All right. That's it for us tonight. I will be in New York next week. Well, Jughead is testifying, so I have to go. Thanks for watching all week long. Great legal analysis. I've enjoyed it a lot. Remember, it's America now and forever. We've gotten a lot of submissions, your pets watching the Angle. Keep them coming. Jesse Watters takes it from here.