UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Tomorrow at 7:00 PM Eastern for "The Big Weekend Show." We won't have a live event hopefully that night and we'll all be here.LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America.I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Saturday.Welcome, we have two great guests: Eric Trump and the President of Hillsdale College, Larry Arnn.But before we get to our guests, America, we have a problem on our hands, oh, I know you know, but a really big problem on our hands.We have a president of the United States who is a mobster, who embraces the Marxists and the Islamist, who embraces their antisemitism. He rejects Americanism.He shows it every day. It is really horrendous.But I really want to focus on a couple issues this evening. One is the betrayal of the Jewish people in Israel and the other is the autocratic attack on President Trump.Biden and the Democratic Party, the Marxist and the Islamists all won and betrayed the Jews, they are betraying Israel. They're spreading blood libels all over this country and all over the world about how Israel is protecting itself.I don't care what Joe Biden says, it is sacred ground at the Holocaust Museum and Memorial, he is a liar. He's a known liar. He's a psychopath. He says one thing and he does another.He has renewed these ancient blood libels against Jews. He has painted the Jewish state as a genocidal and oppressive state. He has incited a massive spread of Jew hatred and antisemitism throughout our universities, in fact, throughout the planet.He has emboldened Iran, Hamas, and the terrorists worldwide with his public comments. I fear he has signed the death warrant for the hostages because Hamas now knows they can do whatever it wants to the Jews, to the hostages in any way they wish and Joe Biden will ensure their survival, the leaders of Hamas, their money, and their four big battalions -- nobody is defending them more vociferously than Joe Biden.He has also signed this death warrant with the hostages while pretending he cares about them. Cares about the hostages? Does he care about the people he left behind in Afghanistan? Americans? Does he care about the Americans on the southern border and what's happening to them? Not at all.Biden has spent half a century playing the Jewish people and he has done so every step of the way by pretending he is a Zionist, that he supports Israel while undermining it, and undermining strong prime ministers from Menachem Begin to Netanyahu.His policies as president include attempting to remove the elected government of Israel, empowering Israel's main enemy, Iran, with billions and billions of dollars so it can arm up. He won't even attack them verbally the way he attacks Netanyahu and that government.And of course, he is doing more to destroy the state of Israel than even Israel's enemies. You know, it is one thing when you have these Islamist mass murdering genocidal monsters who are out of the closet saying what they say, but it is quite another when you've relied on an ally who uses propaganda, the American press, the world press, who organize the world against you, while he goes to the Holocaust Museum, speaking out against antisemitism.That is a vile, vile individual with evil intent, and that is Joe Biden today.Now, Biden's arms embargo against Israel is almost complete. Not just the 2,000-pound bombs called JDAM munitions, but also 500-pound bombs, and so called mini-JDAMS -- Joint Direct Attack Munitions, which converts smaller unguided bombs into precision bombs.He is also embargoing small-diameter bombs, and most devastating, they're also sitting on a huge order of the most important munitions of all, tank shells and mortar rounds, which Israel bought years ago. The extent of the embargo against the Jews in Israel by Biden is extensive.Just a few weeks ago, Iran launched the biggest drone and ballistic missile attack in the history of the world against the state of Israel. Hezbollah every day is firing hundreds and hundreds of rockets that were produced in Iran and paid for Iran against the state of Israel. Israel is still taking incoming attacks from Hamas, which is also funded by Iran, Qatar, and the others.Israel is under attack from three enemies simultaneously and Biden now embargoes the arms the Jews need to defend themselves, when they have the enemy surrounded, Hamas, and he is protecting them, and I said, he has signed a death warrant for those hostages.He is responsible for October 7th, he and Blinken paid for it with the moneys that have gone to Iran. They've ensured that Iran has gotten more money than Ukraine, Taiwan, and Israel combined. I want you to think about that.So this embargo, I want to remind you that an embargo of this kind, for policy reasons, is an impeachable offense. First of all, we have the confession from Joe Biden himself saying what he is doing, and thereby confessing to an impeachable offense. Go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I made it clear that if they go into Rafah -- they haven't gone in Rafah yet -- if they go into Rafah, I'm not supplying the weapons that have been used historically to deal with Rafah, to deal with the cities, to deal with that problem.I've made it clear to Bibi and the War Cabinet, they are not going to get our support, if in fact, they go into these population centers.We're not walking away from Israel's security or Israel's ability to wage war in those areas.ERIN BURNETT, CNN ANCHOR: So it's not over your red line yet.BIDEN: Not yet. But it's -- we've held up the weapons. We've held up that one shipment, that's an old shipment that has been designed for -- we held that up.(END VIDEO CLIP)LEVIN: He is a liar. He is holding up more than one shipment.You're Hamas, you're listening to this, and what are you thinking? We're safe. Kill the hostages, keep torturing and raping them. We're not giving up any hostages ever.Joe Biden has our back. Joe Biden is ensuring that the people who ordered the slaughter, the genocide against the Jews will be protected. He has ensured that their money will keep flowing because he is in bed with Qatar. I think his brother was even doing business with some people from Qatar.Qatar has a horrendous human rights record, which Joe Biden never talks about. It kills people, it tortures people, it enslaves people. So does Jordan. Jordan has a horrendous human rights record. It kills people, it tortures people. It enslaves people, imprisons political opponents. The King of Jordan, the pretend king of a pretend country that was created in 1947 and 1948. He even put his stepbrother in prison.Look at Egypt, a military dictatorship. Look at their human rights records -- the killings, the imprisonment, the rounding up of Christians and so forth and so on. You never hear squat about any of it. And of course, Biden's best friend for whom Blinken is a special pleader, Iran, their human rights record is atrocious.Again, Biden is funding that regime. No, no, no, the elected Israeli government, the people of Israel.They're the genocidal maniacs. This blood libel against the Jews is an ancient blood libel that Biden is spewing, that Blinken is spewing, that Thomas Friedman and "The New York Times" are spewing, that the Stalinist Bernie Sanders is spewing, that the Marxist Islamist Jew hater, American hater, Tlaib, and the other thugs in her group are spewing, the American media are spewing, but the withholding of funds, that's called impounding funds and it is an impeachable offense.I want to show you a graphic from Joe Biden, October 18, 2019: President Trump withheld congressionally appropriated aid to Ukraine unless they granted him a political favor. It's the definition of a quid pro quo.This is no joke. Trump continues to put his own personal political interests ahead of the national interest. He must be impeached.Well, Joe Biden, in addition to his long held antisemitism, where he has been playing the Jews for half a century, politics plays a main role in everything -- power that Biden does. Everybody knows it. That's why he kowtows to the imams, to the Jew haters. It is why he takes so long to even address them, but he does nothing about them.He hasn't told his Democrat billionaire funders and the dark money to stop funding these groups and organizations, has he? No. He hasn't told the FBI to shut down the foreign money coming into this country to push this antisemitism, anti-Americanism in our college campuses from his friends in Qatar and his friends in Communist China, has he? No.He didn't send the US Marshals to a single college campus the way Eisenhower sent the military, the way John Kennedy sent the military to ensure that little Black kids could go to school with little White kids, to integrate our school system, which by the way, Joe Biden opposed. I said he opposed, he didn't say we're allowing, we're insisting that Jewish kids can go on campus, free of threats and violence; can go to class free of threats from violence, can attend their graduation. No. He didn't send the US Marshals there. They're all busy with Donald Trump, of course.But this impoundment issue is an impeachable offense and he just confessed to what he is doing.I have a GAO report, January 16, 2020 that Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer relied on. It's right here.In the summer of 2019, the Office of Management of Budget withheld from obligation funds appropriated the Department of Defense for security assistance to Ukraine. This is when they were going after Trump.In order to withhold the funds, OMB issued a series of nine apportionment schedules with footnotes that made all unobligated balances unavailable for obligation.Faithful execution of the law does not permit the president to substitute his own policy priorities. For those that Congress has enacted into law, they won't be withheld funds for a policy reason.That's exactly what Biden's doing. I don't want them going into Rafah. Excuse me. You're not only not a dictator in America, you're not a dictator in Israel, which is not permitted under the Impoundment Control Act, ICA actually was passed in 1974.The withholding was not a programmatic delay, therefore, we conclude that OMB violated the ICA aka violated federal law.At issue in this decision is whether OMB had authority, OMB working for the president, to withhold the USAI funds for obligation, that is funds to Ukraine.They explain, the Constitution specifically vests Congress with the power of the purse, providing that "no money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of appropriations made by law," Article I, Section 9 Clause seven.The Constitution also vests all legislative powers in Congress and sets forth the procedures of bicameralism and presentment, through which the president may accept or veto a bill passed by both Houses of Congress, and Congress may subsequently override a presidential veto.Instead, he must faithfully execute the law as Congress enacts it. Article II Section 3 Clause 1. An Appropriations Act is a law like any other, therefore, unless Congress has enacted a law providing otherwise, the president must take care to ensure that the appropriations are prudently obligated during the period of availability.The Constitution grants the president no unilateral authority to withhold funds from obligation. The ICA does not permit deferrals for policy reasons. OMB's justification for withholding falls squarely within the scope of an impermissible policy deferral, thus the deferral of USAI funds was improper under the Act.That is under the law. Here is Article III Section 3 Clause 1. It is called the Take Care Clause. We've talked about this many times with respect to Biden because he keeps violating the Constitution.The president shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.Is that what Joe Biden is doing? Donald Trump, who they are trying to throw in prison for nothing and their cases are falling apart, one after the other. But still, it's the process that's the issue.He put out a statement the other day: Crooked Joe Biden, whether he knows it or not, just said he will withhold weapons from Israel as they fight to eradicate Hamas terrorists in Gaza. Hamas murdered thousands of innocent civilians, including babies and are holding Americans hostage, if the hostages are still alive, yet Crooked Joe is taking the side of these terrorists, just like he has sided with the radical mobs taking over our college campuses, because his donors are funding them.Biden is weak, corrupt and leading the world straight into World War Three. Remember, this war in Israel, just like the war in Ukraine would have never started if I was in the White House. But very soon, we will be back, and once again demanding peace through strength.But unfortunately, ladies and gentlemen, Joe Biden is doing everything humanly possible to prevent that, too.Now, here's some relatively good news. The case in Manhattan has been fully exposed, except of course to the Democratic Party grifters and the Never Trumpers, but to most rational objective human beings as a colossal joke, a disaster.I'm not sure who the porn star actually is in that courtroom, whether it's Stormy Daniels or the judge, to be perfectly honest with you.He must enjoy hearing what Stormy Daniels has to say, because otherwise , there was no basis for anything she had to say to be allowed in that court. He is the judge and he allowed it and he listened to every word.You know? You know what we used to call that where I come from? A pervert. But I dare not call a judge a pervert.This case is perverse. This case is pornography. And whether they get a conviction or not, the fact of the matter is, they've convicted themselves.It's a disaster.What's happened in Florida? We have a real judge in Florida. Judge Aileen Cannon. There have been motions filed on whether or not the so-called Special Counsel Jack Smith was unconstitutionally appointed. No less than two former attorneys general -- Attorney General Edwin Meese under Reagan, and Attorney General Mike Mukasey under Bush, have filed Friends of the Court Briefs saying his appointment violated the Constitution of the United States, the Appointments Clause. You can't just pick anybody and not run them through Congress in the process of having a nominee confirmed to conduct a trial or cases like this, and that's exactly what's happened here.There is no delegation authority. He's not a former US attorney, or anything like that. Instead, he was just picked up from The Hague. Those are serious questions. There is a motion questioning on whether this is unequal treatment. That's important. She's going to hear that.There is a motion on whether or not they pressured a witness and the witness' lawyer, that's going to be reviewed and of course, the spoliation of documents. Document case and the government mishandled the documents. So now that's going to be looked into.And the case in Georgia, an appellate court said, wait a minute. There are a lot of issues here with respect to Fani, aka Fani Willis and her conduct on whether or not she should be allowed to conduct that case, that's now on appeal.And, of course, the Supreme Court is looking at the issue of immunity, which it shouldn't even have to look to, but for the fact that the unconstitutionally appointed Smith has pushed the Constitution to its limits going after Donald Trump for actions he took as president, which in my view, were perfectly legal. But now to criminalize the campaign system, the entire system, so nobody actually knows how to even run a campaign or challenge the results of elections anymore, as we did in 1876 and beyond, and so that's now being examined, too.Why all these court cases? Why all these issues? Because Joe Biden is behind this, too. Joe Biden is a mobster. Joe Biden will do anything for power. Joe Biden will do anything to enrich himself. He is a mobster.What he is doing to the state of Israel and to the Jewish people, while pretending otherwise is grotesque. While he is enhancing the power of Hamas, oh, but he gave the Israelis weapons. But when Israel is ready to destroy Hamas, he has withheld the weapons.He hasn't stopped funding Iran, which is funding Hamas and funding Hezbollah and the Houthis. He hasn't stopped funding the PLO. This is who Joe Biden is. This is what Joe Biden is doing.With respect to Trump, his guy was in charge of the case involving the businesses and trying to bankrupt Trump, and now we know that judge is all conflicted, that's being investigated now.His boys behind the case in Manhattan, we see what that's all about. It's a grotesque miscarriage of justice, a humiliation to the United States of America. His boy, the special counsel, another Democrat appointed by the attorney general of the United States, he is all over the place, slashing and burning and shredding the Constitution as fast as he possibly can.Joe Biden is a contemptible street hack politician who is destroying our justice system, who is destroying our border and our sovereignty, who is destroying our economic system, who is destroying our voting system, who is trying to destroy our ally and destroy its leader, Netanyahu and the state of Israel.This is what's going on in the country today.I'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America, we are here with our friend, Eric Trump, the Trump Organization Executive vice president.Eric Trump, you've been sitting in this trial in Manhattan. You've seen what's taken place. You, yourself have been subjected to scores and scores of subpoenas in one case after another; Congress and so forth and so on.I want to give you an opportunity to speak to what's been going on in that courtroom and generally to you, your father, and your family.ERIC TRUMP, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, TRUMP ORGANIZATION: Well Mark, 110 subpoenas in the last seven years, those are ones that I've received personally, 110 subpoenas in seven years. I've never gotten so much as a traffic ticket.We're good family, never have done anything wrong, and the way they've gone after my father since he's gone down that escalator is unthinkable, right?Multiple impeachments, going after his Supreme Court justices, suing him civilly every single second they could, weaponizing civil cases against him, weaponizing the DOJ, weaponizing the Russia hoax, dirty dossiers -- I mean, I could go on and on forever, as well as a thousand other ways that they've attacked us.They've tried to bankrupt him. They've tried to use every form of legal lawfare possible. They've tried to take him off the ballot in places like Colorado and Maine. I mean, everything that they could possibly do.In fact, this week, it just came out that they're trying to register voters using taxpayer money in the state of Michigan because they realize that they're losing that state. And then, I get to watch and sit right behind my father in the first pew as they try and slander him. They try and keep them off the campaign trail. They try and waste his time, they try and destroy his reputation and his image with a nonsense case.No one believes that the Democrats are going after my father for 34 felony counts. This about this, 34 felony counts for $130,000.00 retainer to a lawyer that was billed as a retainer from a lawyer to a lawyer that was booked as a legal expense in a city where you can't go into CVS you know and buy shampoo because it's locked behind Plexiglas because there's so much theft.You have little kids who have been shot in the face in Times Square in the last 12 months. Think about that? In New York City, Times Square, kids getting shot in the head, women being thrown in front of trains and they have the entire DA's Office, the entire might of the New York DA's Office. I am talking about the top brass in that office. They are all in that courtroom.And as Stormy Daniels goes up there, they are giddy, they're laughing. They're smiling at one another. This is their big moment.As crime is through the roof, people are fleeing New York State. You know, homelessness is everywhere. Illegal Immigration is everywhere. The city has gone to hell. Restaurants are being shut down. And you mean to tell me they're going after the former president of the United States, the 45th president of the United States, and very likely, the 47th president of the United States, a guy who is beating Biden in every single swing state over $130,000.00 from eight years ago, that was a personal expense.Give me a break. The world doesn't believe it, and there is only so many times that they can cry wolf. They did it with the impeachments and they were shams, everybody saw it was a sham. They did it with Russia and everybody saw it was a shame.Every time that they could put an arrow in him, they would. They would make up nonsense. They would subpoena me. They had subpoenaed Don. They would go after Barron. They would go after every person in our family because they don't fight fair.They would try and take the guy off the ballot as I said before, every time -- every time they could get any little advantage. When they weren't doing too well in the primaries, guess what Biden did? He emptied the Strategic Petroleum Reserves to try and reduce the price of gas by three cents for his advantage.You know, when they wanted more votes in certain places, when they wanted to change his census, guess what? They put 320,000 illegal immigrants on airplanes at US taxpayer dollars, and they flew them into the United States.They left the border which was being built, all the steel was bought. They left the border open to flood the census to change the makeup of the political system in this country.Every time that they can utilize something to their advantage they do. And you know what? The Democrats, they always dig so deep that they end up fighting themselves and that's why every one of these trials is turning out to be a sham.The third charge of the DOJ, Mark, the third in charge being sent by Garland to New York to prosecute everything related to Trump, how do you think that looks?The American people don't buy it anymore and that's why this trial is going nowhere and that's why, you know, Georgia is failing and that's why the boxes hoax is failing as they tamper with evidence. And, you know, it's just sad that we have to live through this.LEVIN: The American people have quite a decision in November: Do they want to save the country or not? Because if Joe Biden has another four years, he is the American arsonist. He is burning things down here. He is burning things down overseas. He doesn't respect tradition. He doesn't respect our institutions.He doesn't respect our allies. He gives aid and comfort to antisemites and bigots. He gives aid and comfort to terrorists overseas. This is a loathsome diabolical man and presidency and of course, his number one target is your father because he wants to clear the playing field politically. He wants that scarlet letter pasted to his forehead. He knows he has his Democratic Party, Islamist Marxist media a hundred percent behind him.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We are here with Eric Trump.Eric Trump, it's almost as if Joe Biden and the radicals, miscreants, and malcontents with whom he has surrounded himself, they go through the list of the Trump administration successes, whether it's peace in the Middle East, whether it is securing the border, whether it is peace in Europe, whether it is an expanding economy after the pandemic, on and on and on, and they have decided to destroy every one of those policy points, every one of those achievements, and trying to sort of revolutionize our country and our system into what Obama and Biden and Hillary Clinton called the fundamental transformation of America.Isn't that exactly what's going on today?E. TRUMP: Yes, Mark, there is no question, that's exactly what's going on.I mean, look at every policy that my father put in. Look at Keystone XL Pipeline, right? I mean, it was Biden's first executive order when he got into office, and he said, we are going to cancel the pipelines. And guess what happened?You know, starting that second, inflation started going absolutely wild, right? I mean, it was a great pipeline. It was being built, it was going to transfer a tremendous amount of oil and gas. We're energy independent under my father. We had the lowest gasoline for cars, we had the lowest diesel, we had the lowest heating oil in history. And guess what? He shuts it all down.He changes all of the policies and you get rampant inflation because energy is estimated by most economists to be you know, 65 to 70 percent of inflation. And so all of a sudden Russia becomes very wealthy because gas prices go up tremendously. They become wealthy -- Iran, Venezuela -- all the axes of evil, all the countries that dislike us and try and hurt us in so many different ways, they all become wealthy while America becomes poor. It doesn't make any sense whatsoever.We talked about the wall before, but the wall was totally paid for. All the steel was built, right, and guess what? He comes in there. We're not going to build any more wall. We're going to let millions and millions of people flow over the southern border every single day and not just people, we are going to allow fentanyl, we're going to allow drugs, we're going to allow human trafficking to come across the border because we're not going to do a damn thing about it.Trump wanted the wall. He won. He was building it despite having to bring it to the Supreme Court, despite having to go crazy, but we're going to reverse that policy. No different with Afghanistan.My father didn't have a single servicemen -- man or woman -- pass away, die in Afghanistan the last 18 months of his presidency. Yet Biden goes in there. He shows total weakness to the entire world and guess what happens? We leave in the most embarrassing fashion ever.You know, as General Milley is literally renaming Fort Bragg to Camp Liberty, right? That's their priority, changing the name of our military bases and the signage. He is out there testifying in Congress that he wants to understand what White privilege is and all sorts of nonsense. He wants to understand sensitivity and enable sensitivity training to our troops.Make no mistake about it, if we had to go to war under Donald Trump, well, we were going to win the thing. And that's not what they're focused on anymore. And I could go down the list, they try to unravel every single one of the policies.You see inflation right now, it's crippling this country, especially the lower classes because typically, you know, renters who don't have hard assets. You see the general economy stumbling right now. We're going to have real problems on every front.You see relations around the world. I do business all over the world. We have hotels and other things. You know, people overseas are literally laughing at America. They're watching a president who can no longer walk up a flight of stairs, who can't get off of Marine One without stumbling and who can't get through a sentence without making some kind of awful gaffe.You know, and this is what we're living in. America deserves better than this, and this is why my father, Mark, goes out there and fights as hard as he does every single day. It's why we as a family go out there.We are losing our country. We're losing our flag. We're losing our Constitution. We're losing our religious liberties. They are all under siege in this country.We're losing frankly, the First Amendment, because every chance they can censor me, or they can censor Donald Trump, or Mark, they can censor you, and everybody on Fox News that has a powerful voice, they take it.We're losing our Constitution, we're losing our country, we're losing our flag, we're losing our standing in the world. We're certainly losing our currency under this kind of weakness as China has their eyes on all of us and it is purely because of one weak individual in the Oval Office, and that's why we have to take it all back.LEVIN: And in this segment and last, you've explained why they hate your guts, which is that your father and your family are patriots who love this country.Joe Biden's and his family are not patriots who love the country, they are people who have used the country to get power, to get money, and are now using the country for his re-election in horrendous ways, including turning the world against the Jewish people and actually turning the world against America.I want to thank you, Eric Trump. I'm sorry that you and your family have to go through this. Give your dad our best.God bless you, my friend.E. TRUMP: Hey, great honor, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Jon Scott in New York.Israel is ordering evacuations from more areas in Gaza's crowded Rafah City as its military prepares to expand its ground operation deeper into the enclave.Three hundred thousand Palestinians already have fled. Israel's prime minister is vowing to defeat Hamas and claims Rafah is the group's last stronghold in Gaza.The White House opposes Israel's plans for a full-scale invasion and is threatening to withhold arms. The UN warns that invasion will worsen the humanitarian crisis and cause casualties to civilian.Former President Trump hitting the campaign trail this weekend after an explosive week of testimony in his New York criminal trial.Mr. Trump wrapping up an event in front of thousands of people in Wildwood, New Jersey a short time ago. He touched on many issues including tax cuts, health care, and antisemitism.I'm Jon Scott. Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with the president of Hillsdale College, my favorite college, also a regular sponsor, Larry Arnn. a longtime friend. I think I've known Larry Arnn, thirty, thirty-five years at this point. He is one of the greatest --LARRY ARNN, PRESIDENT, HILLSDALE COLLEGE: Thirty-five. Yes.LEVIN: Thirty-five. One of the great intellects on Churchill, on the American founding, the Declaration of Independence.Larry Arnn, you run a tight ship. Lots of free speech going on at Hillsdale College, a lot of Americanism, philosophy, economics, history. You look at these other college campuses that are burning with Islamists and Marxists, replacing the American flag with the Palestinian flag, antisemitism, all the rest of it.This is not happening on your campus. So what is your analysis of what you are seeing?ARNN: Well, I'm used to these fancy colleges being bad, but now they're worse and I'm sort of horrified by it, because their basic functioning has broken down. They run them the way they run them, and they have complete control of them and they have lost entire control of them.Why? Well, first of all, they get everything -- they get the first thing wrong. What's a college for? Right? It's not a place to go and change the world. It's a place to go and understand the world.And so, they preach social activism to the students and then they're astonished when the students take over, at war with each other in social activist causes, and goodness, what would it be like to be a Jewish student on one of these campuses right now?I mean, they're in peril of their lives. But they're supposed to be colleagues on these colleges. And they are -- you know, I mean, ours is a Christian college, and we've got lots of Jewish kids, and everybody loves them, and they love everybody else and they are students together, right? They're supposed to learn together.And instead, they're going to what? They are going to change the policy of the nation and destroy another nation at a time when they're between 18 and 21 years old, and they're not supposed to be taking over the world. They're supposed to be learning about the world.And if you give up on that, then there's no purpose for the college and that I think is why they're so quick to cancel classes. What are they doing in there anyway? Might as well be out on the barricades.It is shocking to me, and I thought, you know, these places are rich, and they're run by people who are in complete agreement with one another. They'll be able to manage this. You know, they are putting on a show and they let it happen, but they'll stop it when they want to. They can't stop it.The president in Columbia asked the cops to come in and they went in, and then she pulled them out. And then she asked them back again. Can't make up her mind.I mean, I am horrified by it and you can see, this is what could happen to our country. This is the way the country is coming to be run. That is to say you take these radical principles, which don't, by the way, protect the rights of anyone. They protect the power of some. They've converted education into an exercise in power.At Hillsdale, here is a simple thing. You have to be able to surrender your opinion in order to learn because your opinion was always provisional, right? If a kid comes here and says, child, it's not easy to get into Hillsdale College these days, but the kid will say, I'm a conservative. I want to come to Hillsdale. And I say, what's a conservative? And you know, they are 17 or 18 years old, they don't know.And I'll say, well, the first thing to know about the colleges, you're going to have to learn the meaning of the words that you use.This fight that's broken out is about the history of the Middle East. Well, the modern Middle East is, you know, that history as regards Israel started in the late 19th Century and Israel comes to be after the Ottoman Empire falls in the First World War -- at the end of the First World War and the British made some promises to several countries.If you'll help us, we'll give you a state. Israel is one of those, and many Arab countries, too.Israel comes from the same set of facts as those Arab countries, and so if Israel is illegitimate, those are. That's the thing you should just find out. It's not hard to find that out.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Dr. Larry Arnn, president of Hillsdale College.Dr. Arnn, if you have professors and then they become tenured, who hate America, who are Islamists, who are Marxist, fascists, whatever they are, but they're un-American and they hire each other in the process, and they become administrators in the same school. I mean, isn't that really the poison that's taking place here that these institutions are being destroyed from within?ARNN: Yes, well, so take Marxism. What is that idea? That idea is, we should use the human will to remake the world and that is not an exercise in learning, see, and that means that they are teaching these kids.The first thing they teach them is, everything in the past is bad, but we can remake everything anew. You're not inviting them to think or to study and sure enough, you know, in these elite colleges, by the way, there are some great professors. They are very smart. People there tend to be very smart.But it is also true that the great professors are increasingly uncomfortable. You know, this wokeness and these radical doctrines. And remember, these doctrines amount to the claim that you can only know if you make. You can't look up and behold.You know, Judaism doesn't work in that kind of world because Judaism thinks there's this Almighty God and we have this history with Him. We had the hard duty of being chosen by Him and we've carried a message for the world all our lives.That's not something you can remake, see?And you know, Marx was a Jew and he hated Judaism and these doctrines, they all militate against anything eternal. But remember, a college kid is in the last stage of growing up. They take four years and they get knowledge before they start their work.Well, they need knowledge of things that last, not the cause of the day. Right? And that's -- and it ruins them that, you know, because first of all, you have to submit yourself. Anybody does.Every time you learn something, I can tell you, I've known Mark Levin for 400 years and Mark Levin is a humble man in some important respects, despite his obvious aggressiveness.What? He takes care, he thinks he ought to know, he likes to read and also write serious books. And that is an act of aggression. Sure. Also an act of obedience.And so, you know, I had a kid say to me one time, if I come to Hillsdale, will you respect my opinion? And I said, yes, we don't really care about that very much. And everybody laughed at him in the room. And he said, I said, will you respect mine? And he said, yes. And I said, you don't even know what it is.But an opinion -- the purpose of college is to turn an opinion into knowledge and you can just look at these demonstrators and the fact that these campuses can't function. They are not about that task anymore. They've abandoned the central thing about college.And then I feel bad about -- you know, of course, I feel bad for the Jewish students. I feel bad for these demonstrators because they're young people, and they've been radicalized, and they can't know very much and they're never going to learn.They've been taught that they don't need to know. Their natural interest in knowing the truth has been suppressed through doctrines and they've been turned into violent people.And that's what we are paying for and that is what is invading our society all over the place.LEVIN: Larry Arnn, we definitely need to have you back, president of the great Hillsdale College. I want to thank you, sir, and God bless you.ARNN: Yes, you too. Good to see you and to talk to you, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America. Here's a book. "Hitler's American Friends: The Third Reich Supporters in the United States."I think we're going to have to update this book, maybe I will write it.Hamas' American friends. Hamas' supporters in the United States.Well, for all his blather, for all his positioning, for all his drama, Joe Biden is a Hamas supporter.Mark, what about all the weapons? What about embracing Netanyahu? I said, Biden is a Hamas supporter. If Biden has his way, Hamas lives. The leadership of Hamas live.The funding for Hamas goes on. Their four main battalions survive. That is not somebody who wants to destroy Hamas. That is somebody who is betraying the Jews and the people of Israel.Hamas' American friend, their number one friend is Joe Biden.I'll see you tomorrow night on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.