JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And I didn't take a single break. Skipped lunch. Took pictures with everybody.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You didn't take a pee break?WATTERS: I swear to God.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: You go to the bathroom.WATTERS: I went to the bathroom twice. It was amazing.PERINO: OK.WATTERS: And tonight, we have Johnny on the beach doing a quiz in Palm. Richard, Judge, I'm very, very sorry, we do have to go.RICHARD FOWLER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: That's OK.WATTERS: Have a good one.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good thing you're not cricket. Thanks, Jesse.Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Bret Baier.Breaking tonight, serious story, three law enforcement officers have been shot and killed in a U.S. Marshals Task Force serving a warrant and East Charlotte, North Carolina. Just getting these breaking details. News Conference ongoing, correspondent Jonathan Serrie has been following the latest tonight from Atlanta our southeast newsroom. Good evening, Jonathan.JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police say that the scene is now safe for residents, they no longer need to shelter in place, but the shooting as exacted a heavy toll. Police in that ongoing news conference confirming just moments ago a total of eight officers were shot in this incident and that three law enforcement officers were killed.Of the surviving officers, one of them is listed in critical condition. They were members of a U.S. Marshals Fugitive Task Force. This includes members of the U.S. Marshal Service but also members of law enforcement agencies. They were attempting to serve a warrant for a firearms violation. Some sort of weapons charge on a residence when this suspect allegedly opened fired on them.Police say the officers returned fire killing the suspect found dead at the residence. But the shooting continued from inside the home injuring these officers.And so, the firefight went on. There was a local resident who spoke with local station WBTV saying that at one point police used his home including one officer who seemed to be trained as a sharpshooter using one of the windows in his home, exchanging gunfire with that next door home.And then at some point during the chaos, police officers rescued one of the fallen officers dragging him by his shoulders through this man's home but he could not tell what the extent of the injuries were.Again, Bret, police are still actively investigating this situation. After the gunfire ended, they found two additional people inside that home. They brought them into the police station. And they are questioning them now to see whether they are additional suspects, perhaps additional gunmen or if they were just innocent bystanders who happened to be inside that home, Bret.BAIER: OK, Jonathan, eight officers shot, three dead at this point, we'll continue to follow the breaking news. Thank you.In other news, a 2:00 p.m. Eastern deadline has come and gone for protesting students at Columbia University to leave their encampment or face suspension. This comes as anti-Semitic demonstrations defy administrators and clash with police on campuses around the nation.One of the hotspots tonight, Austin, Texas. Police today have arrested several anti-Israel protesters there. One student dragged away by a law enforcement officer while observers recorded videos and yelled at the officers there. Police issuing a dispersal order this afternoon, warning the demonstrators of potential arrest.We have Fox team coverage. Peter Doocy is at the White House with how President Biden's team is dealing with the protests. David Spunt is at George Washington University here in Washington with conflicts between police and demonstrators overnight there but we begin with correspondent Alexis McAdams on the Columbia campus right now. Good evening, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. Well, four hours past that deadline and counting here in New York City at Columbia University and the tents over my shoulder here are still set up.So, now, Columbia University telling the media just moments ago that they have now started suspending student protesters who just wouldn't leave this encampment. The protesters demanding though the university deliver on their demands, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's past 2:00, we've been asked to disperse but it is against the will of the students to disperse. We do not abide by university pressures. We act based on the will of the students. Divestment, disclosure, amnesty. MCADAMS (voice over): So, this is a look from above in New York City and that the dozens of tents still set up at Columbia University, the so-called Gaza solidarity and cabin still sitting in the middle of campus hours after the university's president threatened to suspend students who just didn't clear out voluntarily saying they'd have to sign some paperwork.We have seen, Bret, some of the tents have kind of gone away but there still has been a presence or just about 100 tents here just the other day.Embattled Colombia President Minouche Shafik though saying the school would explore alternative internal options to bring the crisis here to a close. We'll have to see how that plays out.It's not just here at Columbia but protests continue over at NYU today where school officials gave protesters a deadline of noon, according to their top officials who gave a statement a short time ago, to move out that encampment and now say they'll take disciplinary action too.The NYU Palestine Solidarity coalition says they're in negotiations with senior administration members but still says they're not afraid of suspension and will not move until their needs are met back.(END VIDEOTAPE)MCADAMS (on camera): I'm out here live at Columbia. You can see what's going on here with his encampment, no mention of if they're going to call in the NYPD. We saw what happened with that the other day, more than 100 students were arrested for trespassing, so we'll have to keep a close eye on that, Bret.BAIER: Alexis McAdams, thank you.Anti-Semitic demonstrators on college campuses across the nation as mentioned continue to defy administrators and law enforcement trying to make them disperse the protests turning intense at a school right here in the nation's capital.Correspondent David Spunt is on the George Washington University campus tonight with the latest. Good evening, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. Right now a peaceful situation here on GWU's campus. Overnight though, a completely different situation.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT (voice over): A rush of protesters on the George Washington University campus breaking through and removing metal barriers pushing back police as a pro-Palestinian encampment swelled with more demonstrators. School officials called it an egregious violation of community trust.Despite calls to vacate the yard, no arrests and no forcible relocation yet, entering its fifth day, the demonstrations taking place just half a mile from the White House have swelled to more than 200 people.Fox News spoke to anti-Israel protesters living in tents in the school's university yard.SELINA AL-SHIHABI, STUDENT, GEORGETOWN WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY: We have had a really good momentum. All of that being inspired by the people in Gaza.MIRIAM SIEGEL, STUDENT, GEORGETOWN WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY: I think that my Jewish identity is really driving me to be here. In Judaism we have this idea of Tikkun olam, which means to heal the world, to repair the world.SPUNT (voice over): But some Jewish students tell Fox News they are scared for their safety and their future.SABRINA SOFFER, STUDENT, GEORGETOWN WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY: I'm Jewish and Israeli. Will this country be safe for my children? And it's not only a Jewish problem, it is an American problem.SPUNT (voice over): Nationwide, there have been fresh orders from police to disperse including the University of Texas in Austin. Students have been taken into custody and removed from campus some dragged by their feet and skirmishes led to dozens of arrests over the weekend, including Tulane University in New Orleans and Emerson College in Boston.But most of the campus protests have been peaceful, including at Emory University in Atlanta.(END VIDEOTAPE)SPUNT (on camera): And Bret, police have yet to remove any of these tents but officials here are looking at other universities and looking at the situation here to see what to do about commencement in a few weeks.Right now, it's still on but after we saw what happened last week at USC in Los Angeles, Southern California where the commencement there is canceled because of security concerns, Bret.BAIER: David Spunt here at G.W. David, thanks.The Biden ministration has been very careful about what it's saying and not saying about the demonstrations. White House correspondent Peter Doocy has that part of the story live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening. Officials here say President Biden's focus is not on the campus chaos but rather on ongoing negotiations to free hostages, and they say the president is supportive of the protesters up to a certain point.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: It is a painful moment, we get that.DOOCY (voice over): White House officials sympathize with protesters but won't weigh in on consequences.JEAN-PIERRE: Free expression has to be done within the law.DOOCY (voice over): And with respect for Jewish students.JEAN-PIERRE: There is no place for anti-Semitism on campuses or any anywhere else.DOOCY (voice over): But it's found a place on campuses to the dismay of some Democrats.TED DEUTCH, CEO, AMERICAN JEWISH COMMITTEE: It's not political discourse to tell Jews that they should be gassed.DOOCY (voice over): Progressives are hoping to separate anti-Semitic comments from legitimate criticism of Israel's government.SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): The vast majority of the American people are disgusted with Netanyahu's war machine in Gaza.DOOCY (voice over): But another Democrat seemed to suggest that some Jewish students support a genocide in Gaza.REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): We should not have to tolerate anti-Semitism or bigotry for all Jewish students, whether they are pro-genocide or anti- genocide.DOOCY (voice over): Officials are cagey about what President Biden has and hasn't seen.JEAN-PIERRE: I can't speak to him catching any of what's happening on T.V.DOOCY (voice over): And the administration is not weighing in one way or another about efforts to clear out encampments.JEAN-PIERRE: As far as police presence, that's up to the colleges and universities.DOOCY (voice over): If concerned students decide to interrupt commencements that aren't canceled, they'll have the White House's blessing.JEAN-PIERRE: Americans should have the right to do so, to peacefully protest, whether it's at a commencement or at their school or anywhere in this country.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): President Biden talks all the time about how involved he was with the civil rights movement and about how anti-Semitic rhetoric in Charlottesville inspired his 2020 campaign but on this issue, he is still mostly silent, Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live on the North Lawn. Peter, thank you.Stocks were up today to kick off a busy earnings week. The Dow jumped 146, the S&P 500 finished ahead 16, the NASDAQ rose 55.Up next, political day taught in Miami. Former President Donald Trump meets with Florida Governor Ron DeSantis. We'll bring you there.First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 10 in Phoenix as prosecutors say they will not retry an Arizona rancher whose trial in the fatal shooting of a Mexican man on his property ended last week with a deadlocked jury.The jurors in the case against George Alan Kelly were unable to reach a unanimous decision on a verdict after more than two days of deliberation.Fox 2 in Detroit as Michigan law enforcement begins to crack down on distracted driving. Operation Ghost Rider will use local county and state police in unmarked spotter vehicles. Drivers caught face fines, community service, possibly an education course.And this is a live look at San Francisco from Fox 2, one of the big stories there tonight. California's oldest restaurant celebrates its 175th birthday. Tadick Grill is located in the city's financial district. The management held a celebration yesterday is offering discounts through the end of the month. 175.That's tonight's live look outside the Beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Well, it appears former President Donald Trump and former presidential rival Ron DeSantis, the Florida governor have buried the political hatchet for now.The presumptive Republican nominee rights he and the Florida governor met over the weekend and will closely work together during the campaign. The two exchanging insults while DeSantis was running for president, of course.Also tonight, increasing concern from both political parties about the disruptive effect of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and what he could mean for the November election.Former President Trump attacking Kennedy is far more liberal than anyone running as a Democrat. Correspondent Alexandria Hoff has all the latest campaign news tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT (voice over): All recent major polling shows a head-to-head matchup between President Biden and former President Trump, confined within the margins of error. But those numbers shift when the surveys expand to include independents Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Cornel West, and Green Party candidate Jill Stein.In a five-person race, CNN's new poll shows Trump's lead growing to nine percentage points, with Kennedy pulling in 16 percent support but it still isn't clear whether Kennedy would pull more votes away from Trump or Biden, especially in battleground states.The latest Fox News polling at a four stage shows that Trump supporters find Kennedy more favorable than Biden supporters do. Kennedy's campaign revealed that a major announcement is coming Wednesday, as former President Trump is turning up the heat.Writing on Truth Social, "RFK Jr. is a Democrat plant." And, "A vote for Junior' would essentially be a wasted protest vote."RFK Jr. responded on X, calling Trump's post unhinged, challenging him to a debate.And Fox News confirmed that Trump and Florida Governor Ron DeSantis met privately in Miami. Sources tell Fox, DeSantis agreed to help Trump as he tries to close his fundraising gap with President Biden.This has reignited both speculation about a possible Trump-DeSantis ticket, and questions about whether a president and vice president can reside in the same state.While the Constitution does not explicitly prohibit it under the 12th Amendment. electors from that state cannot vote for both. Not ideal in a close election.(END VIDEO CLIP)HOFF (on camera): We saw this in 2000 with George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, both lived in Texas. So, Cheney sold his house and registered to vote in his previous state of Wyoming. Bret.BAIER: Alex, thanks.Let's bring in Fox News chief political analyst Brit Hume. Brit, good evening. The headlines were abuzz with his meeting. Washington Post: "Despite icy dynamic Trump and DeSantis meet in Miami."Axios" "Trump and DeSantis privately meet after bruising primary fight."A.P.: "Trump and DeSantis meet to make peace and discuss fundraising."What do you make of this at this point of the campaign and what it means for the Trump campaign?BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, it's always interesting to see what politicians can bring themselves to do, and it's in their political interest to do something. And for Trump and DeSantis to get together, obviously, makes all kinds of sense on paper, although, they've had a, you know, a pretty bitter campaign against each other, with some of the harshest language we've heard being thrown back and forth, particularly from Trump toward DeSantis.And, you know, you have to look those from DeSantis's point of view. You know, he can't run again. He's -- this will be his term., and he is -- he'll be a man without a job. Unless he could be brought into the Trump administration where a guy with his competence and ability might be a welcome addition.I'm not sure Trump will see it that way. But DeSantis is helpful to him during his campaign, particularly in fundraising, he might consider that. There is the barrier to his being named the vice-presidential nominee, unless they could pull off some kind of stunt where Trump moves himself to one of these other residences and declares himself to be a resident of that state instead of Florida. But it's all fun to speculate about and watch and we'll see what comes of it.BAIER: Yes. One of them would have to leave the state or else they forfeit those votes. And Florida is pretty important.HUME: Right.BAIER: I want to play this soundbite from James Carville. And he is talking about young people who maybe are abandoning the Biden campaign -- pretty pointed. Take a listen.JAMES CARVILLE, FORMER BILL CLINTON CAMPAIGN MANAGER: There will be no government left. There'll be no rights left, you will live under a theocracy, you'll end up Christian Nationalism. But that's all right you little -- 26-year-old, you don't feel like election is important. that you may did not address in the issues that I care about.My advice, to tell these young people to get off your -- ass and go vote, because you should vote like your entire future, and the entire future of this United States depends on it. Because quite frankly, it does. And that's not an exaggeration.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Brit, your thoughts?HUME: Oh, yes, it's an exaggeration. Of course, we've seen what happened through four years of Trump, and when you saw what happened on January 6th. And we didn't come anywhere near close to losing our democracy on that day. This -- if this was an insurrection, as Democrats love to say it was, it was an interaction it didn't last pass nightfall, if that far.So, this is a certain amount of hysteria. But what we're having here, Carville, certainly not the only -- the only man in America, who is -- who is frustrated with what he sees happening among these college kids who are preoccupied with Israel and Gaza, and not with the presidential election.But he may be one of the few who's mad with him for that reason. So, what he wants him to do is to put aside the thing that they are hysterical about, which is, you know, alleged genocide in Gaza, and be more concerned about the thing. He is hysterical about, which is the possibility that Trump re-election. So --BAIER: Yes.HUME: That gets -- that's what his command is.BAIER: Really quickly, a lot of dust up over this book by South Dakota governor, Kristi Noem, in which she says that she shot her family's puppy, shooting dog, cricket -- shot and killed it, because it was going after livestock. It was -- she writes it in the book a lot of -- then, she defends it in this post, saying, "South Dakota law states the dogs who attack and kill livestock can be put down." Basically, she is walking back this part of her book, where she seemed to be touting the tough decision that she made to shoot this dog.HUME: Well, when you think about people having a dog put down. And now, I've had the experience with the dog, we had in our family ones had to be put down, you go to the vet, and the vet does a little shot, and the dog goes unconscious and feel anything.Not a lot of people, I know, have been going on and executed their own dog. And I think a great many people in America look at that and think it's -- will think it's telling. I think, it's damaging, Bret. I really do.Cruelty to animals or shooting your dog strikes people is not normal behavior by they will probably imagine -- a not normal person.BAIER: But the fact that she wanted to say that is also telling.HUME: Peculiar. I mean, if I were -- if I were a political adviser to her and I'm -- that's not my department, but had I been asked for an opinion about it. He said, don't put that in your book. Like -- you do.BAIER: All right, Brit.HUME: We got you, dog.BAIER: As always.HUME: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: Thank you.Up next, the U.S. accuses Israel of human rights abuses. We'll bring you there. Plus, you don't need to be a U.S. citizen to vote in Washington, D.C.'s elections. Really?Chad Pergram, explains.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: "BREAKING TONIGHT", the Biden administration is taking a major step against one of its most important allies.The U.S. is punishing the Israeli military for what it calls human rights violations.State Department correspondent Gillian Turner has specifics tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The Biden administration is condemning an ally currently at war.VEDANT PATEL, DEPUTY SPOKESPERSON, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: We found five Israeli units responsible for individual incidents of gross violations of human rights. All of these were incidents much before October 7th, and none took place in Gaza.TURNER (voice over): The next step, according to U.S. law is funding cuts. But the State Department today refused to share any details about plans when pressed by reporters.PATEL: So, I'm not going to get into the specifics of this incidents -- appeared.It is an ongoing process. So, I'm not going to get more prescriptive or specific on the relevant details.TURNER: The so-called Leahy law prohibits the U.S. government from funding foreign militaries that commit gross human rights violations. FOX News has learned the Biden administration made this decision in recent days and it's been met with intense pushback from Israel's leaders and critics of President Biden's Israel policy.MIKE POMPEO, FORMER U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: It demonstrates the absolute moral confusion inside of the Biden administration. Israel is fighting to defend its own nation.TURNER: The decision is also likely to further inflame anti-U.S. and anti- Israeli sentiment at home and abroad. This news comes as Secretary Blinken is in Saudi Arabia discussing a potential cease-fire in Gaza with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and negotiating for the release of hostages, including an American still in Hamas captivity.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: Hamas has before it a proposal that is extraordinarily, extraordinarily generous. I'm hopeful that they will make the right decision.(END VIDEO TAPE)TURNER (on camera): Tonight, we're learning that the State Department's Arabic language spokesperson has resigned, citing opposition to the Biden administration's support for Israel in the ongoing war in Gaza. This is the third such resignation here at the State Department since October 7th, Bret.BAIER: Gillian Turner live at the State Department. Gillian, thank you.A federal appeals court has ruled West Virginia and North Carolina's refusal to cover certain healthcare for transgender people with government sponsored insurance is discriminatory. The Richmond based fourth U.S. circuit of appeals ruled eight to six in the case involving coverage of gender affirming care by North Carolina state employee health plan and the coverage of gender affirming surgery by West Virginia Medicaid. The case is likely headed to the U.S. Supreme Court.Forecasters are warning of more severe weather in parts of Texas and the lower Mississippi Valley, but the risk is said to be lower than it was over the weekend when five people were killed in a days' long tornado outbreak in the plains in the Midwest. Since Friday, nearly 130 reports of tornadoes have been tallied by the National Weather Service from Texas to Iowa. Officials say the risk will increase Tuesday, Wednesday, and into Thursday.As antisemitic campus protests spread throughout the nation, there are questions about who is behind this, who is paying for all this activity? Correspondent William La Jeunesse looks for some answers tonight from Los Angeles.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CROWD: Free, free, free Palestine!WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Who are they? What do they want? And where is their money coming from?PARKER THAYER, CAPITAL RESEARCH CENTER: The Ford Foundation, the Carnegie Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation, all of them have supported anti- Israel causes.LA JEUNESSE: The Center-Right Capital Research Center says liberal foundations also support the campaign for Palestinian rights, hundreds of thousands coming from the Rockefeller fund and George Soros Open Society foundation over the last three years.The group's own website says the money pays for banner and signs, $1,000 a month in salaries for fellows who go campus to campus running anti-Israel campaigns. Target audience, 15 to 35-year-olds committed to abolitionist future. They provide toolkits and look for other students who may share their worldview, in their words, feminists and queers, black and indigenous people.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm an indigenous woman who are land. This is our land.LA JEUNESSE: Fellows include the woman who disrupted a private dinner at U.C. Berkeley, a man arrested at Yale for trespassing, and a university of Texas activist detained by police.Protest groups go by different names. The largest, Students for Justice in Palestine, received money from a liberal New York foundation called WESPAC, as well as student activity fees according to the pro-Israel NGO monitor.GERALD STEINBERG, NGO MONITOR: The money that's provided does come, in some cases, from student fees, and students who pay those fees have the absolute right to know where their money is going.LA JEUNESSE: Arizona state allows students to opt out of funding clubs they oppose. These other universities declined to say how much student money goes to pro-Palestinian groups.(END VIDEO TAPE)LA JEUNESSE (ON CAMERA): Both the Soros and Rockefeller Foundation say their grant making is for peace in the Middle East. Bret?BAIER: William, thank you. We'll continue to follow that.Meantime, non-citizens here in the nation's capital will be able to vote in local elections this November. The Board of Elections recently sent a flyer to residents informing them of that right. Here is senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Not an American citizen, not a problem when it comes to voting for some offices in the District of Columbia.REP. BRYAN STEIL, (R-WI) HOUSE ADMINISTRATION COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: Washington, D.C. is using taxpayer dollars to encourage non-citizens to vote in our nation's capital.PERGRAM: District of Columbia residents received this flyer announcing that non-citizens residing in D.C. can vote for mayor, attorney general, city council, and the school board thanks to a new law which even D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser refused to sign. It became law without her signature.REP. JIM COMER, (R-KY) HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: This radical change to our election laws upset lawmakers on both sides of the aisle.PERGRAM: Congress serves as a super city council for the Democratic leaning federal district and can intervene.REP. JAMIE RASKIN, (D-MD) HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE: What is this really about? It's just about kicking around the people of Washington, D.C.PERGRAM: But Republicans believe it's about who is eligible to vote.STEIL: I think it's ridiculous that in our nation's capital an individual who may work, say, at the Russian embassy residing in D.C. for only 30 days, under current law could vote for mayor.PERGRAM: Non-citizens can't cast ballots for president and D.C.'s nonvoting representative in Congress.ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON, (D) DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA REPRESENTATIVE: At various points, 40 states have permitted non-citizens to vote.PERGRAM: Republicans are making election integrity a tenet of their 2024 platform. House Speaker Mike Johnson and former President Trump want to impose federal voting guardrails.REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: If an individual only asserts or simply states that they are a citizen, they don't have to prove it. They can register that person to vote in a federal election.(END VIDEO TAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): The GOP has a bill daring Democrats to support voting for non-citizens, but the Constitution says local governments control their own elections. Bret?BAIER: Chad Pergram live on the Hill. Chad, thanks.Up next, the panel with the growing rancor over antisemitic protests on college campuses across the country and what it may mean to politics heading into the elections.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CROWD: We don't want two states!UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We want 48!CROWD: We want 48!REP. CORY MILLS, (R-FL) HOUSE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE: These school presidents need to be active and more vocal about the fact they will not tolerate this type of antisemitism.REP. SUMMER LEE (D-PA) HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE: This idea every criticism of Israel is antisemitic is dangerous.SEN. CHRIS MURPHY, (D-CT) SENATE FOREIGN RELATIONS COMMITTEE: We should all speak out, right, when a protest crosses a line, when it becomes violent or when there's hate speech.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: There's really debate inside the Democratic Party. Some are getting more active now. "Axios" scoop, "Democrats turn up the heat on Columbia University. Columbia's University board facing new pressure from a group of House Democrats to act decisively and end an ongoing pro-Palestinian encampment on its campus or resign, Axios has learned. Calls for Columbia officials to resign have largely been confined to the GOP, making this a major escalation in Democrats' rhetoric on the high profile demonstration." These demonstrations happening all over the place, but on Columbia's campus there was 2:00 p.m. deadline or else people were going to start to be suspended. They went past that this afternoon, and no sense that is ending any time soon.So let's bring in our panel, Harold Ford Jr., former Tennessee Congressman, co-host of THE FIVE, Ben Domenech, editor at large for "The Spectator" and host of "The Ben Domenech Podcast" on FOX News Radio, and "Axios" political reporter Stef Kight. Stef, you see a change in some of the Democrats' talking points on this from the beginning until now?STEF KIGHT, POLITICAL REPORTER, "AXIOS": I mean, certainly seeing House Democrats actually call for the stepping down of officials at Columbia is a huge moment and a shift. We have only really heard from Republicans up until this point calling for that kind of an action.And we're also expecting there to be another divide among Democrats on the Hill when they vote on a resolution against antisemitism. We already know some Democrats are not certain they can support the bill as it is, even though there are Democrats who have signed on to this motion.And so we are continuing to see this issue be really a divisive issue within the Democratic Party. And they are struggling to figure out how to respond to it, wanting to protect the right to free speech, the right to protest, wanting to assure the more progressive wing of their party that they do care about humanitarian concerns in Gaza, while also standing by Israel and saying they are not OK with the antisemitism.BAIER: Yes. Listen, the civilian deaths and the numbers are staggering inside Gaza. There's two sides of that argument. But there's concern, obviously, Harold, across the board. But more and more questions are being asked of Democrats. Here's Senator Bernie Sanders on a pro-genocide tag.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: She said some Jewish students are pro-genocide. Is that something that you're comfortable with that?SEN. BERNIE SANDERS, (I-VT): Well, I don't know exactly -- look, what I think the essential point that Ilhan made is that we do not want to see antisemitism in this country. And I think the word "genocide" is something that is being determined by the International Court of Justice.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Talking there about Ilhan Omar saying there were pro-genocide students on campus. How do you see this politically?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Good to be with you. I would say a couple things. I think it's interesting. Two of the biggest voices in the Senate supporting kids and supporting what's -- those able to express their views on Palestine are Jewish member, including Chuck Schumer and Bernie Sanders.Two, I think these kids want to do something big and transformative. They think of themselves as agents for big, big change in the country and big, big change in our policy. And they see themselves coming out of a movement of protest. I would remind all of them that the most prolific and persuasive protest in our country has always been peaceful. The leaders that paved the way for African Americans and women in the 50s and the 60s, the Kings and the John Lewises and the Rosa Parks, the Jesse Jacksons, the Andy Youngs, they never preached or advocated hate or violence towards those that opposed their views. They only amplified their own.There is a difference for saying you are for a two-state solution, you are for protecting Gazans, you're for humanitarian aid being able to get to people who need it, and saying you are Hamas, than say are from the river to the sea. They've got to do a better job in that.And these universities, I think now have introduced even three or four more elements to how they've going to figure out how they act going forward. How do you litigate tenure? You have tenured professors telling kids they should be out here doing these things, advocating violence. That's wrong. They should be fired. The admissions process, do you rethink even that process? Do you rethink how donors are able to be active in these processes? And more importantly, what are colleges doing to teach critical thinking?These are all things that will come out of this, but in the immediate term, Democrat and Republican alike should all be urging people not to be violent. Say your peace, but don't be violent.BAIER: Yes. And then in the backdrop of this, we just had the William La Jeunesse piece, Ben. And that is the funding of some of this is that is coming from a number of different groups with different purposes behind it.BEN DOMENECH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Look, I agree with Harold that they want to achieve something big. And I think that big thing is the destruction of the nation state of Israel. And I think that's something that is intolerable. I think that it's something that advocated for on these campuses is creating toxic and dangerous environments for Jewish students. I think that there are consequences for that that they are seeing when it comes to funding for these institutions that I believe is just.And I want to go back to the fact that we are dealing with in this moment with a situation where this administration has done nothing but micromanage, condemn, come down on Israel in lots of ways to try to appeal to their far left and, frankly, what I believe to be racist and antisemitic supporters who exist in certain pockets in America who hate the existence of the state of Israel, that we saw most recently with this condemnation from Tony Blinken when it comes to the IDF.And my late father-in-law spent a half an hour on the Senate floor warning that Tony Blinken was a danger to America, to America's allies, that he was unqualified, that he shouldn't be in a position of power, that it was just absolutely rank opportunism and politicking behind the scenes that led him to that point, that he should never have ascended to that position. And now that he has gotten into an even higher position of power, he has shown us what kind of world he has helped create, which is chaos for every region, which is undermining every ally that we have, and now at this most critical moment, undermining Israel's belief in their ability to defend themselves and a way that I believe is completely --BAIER: We should point out your late father-in-law, John McCain, Senator from Arizona.FORD: Let me be clear, I am not being critical -- I know you're not suggesting this, but I'm not being critical of Israel at all. My only point -- the panel voted in favor of funding Israel, along with your late great, who was my friend, father-in-law.I would only say this. There were Republicans that didn't get funding for Israel. There were Democrats who didn't vote for funding for Israel and Ukraine this last go around. My only point is, we've got these kids, there is something going on in our society. I don't think these kids want to destroy Israel.(CROSS TALK)DOMENECH: No, no. I believe -- distinctly disagree with you. I think if you listen to them, if you listen to what they are saying, they do not believe Israel has a right to exist.FORD: I think some of them believe that, but I'm saying something is going on in our society. I never thought we would be at a time, Ben, when the United States Congress would be dealing with this. And perhaps you are far more prescient than me, but I just never thought we would be at this point --BAIER: Yes, but let me just point to the politics of this moment. The politics of this moment, a CNN poll, approval of Biden's handling of Israel-Hamas war, underwater, approve at 28 percent, Stef, disapprove 71 percent. We are a few months from the DNC in Chicago with echoes of 1968. It's going to be quite something.KIGHT: It is. This was a bad issue from the beginning. Initially it was just looking within the Democratic Party we had the progressive wing of the Democratic Party who felt like Biden wasn't doing enough. But now as he has tried to find middle ground on this issue, he has only angered another side of his party, and conservatives and independents who are supportive of Israel are increasingly unhappy with how Biden is handling this. He hasn't maintained a very clear position, and it seems to many people watching that it's back and forth and that Biden is just trying to find the political, the easy political angle.And, look, this is a complicated issue. And it's going to be difficult to please any one side, but there is no question this is going to hurt Biden politically this year.BAIER: All right, we have a lot more to talk about on that, obviously.Up next, the Kennedy effect, how the independent candidate could affect the November election.And, later, a somber anniversary.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERIC TRUMP, DONALD TRUMP'S SON: My father is feeling great. His poll numbers through the roof. You see that in every single swing state he's beating Biden.REP. JASMINE CROCKETT, (D-TX): Polls don't vote, people do. So obviously MAGA is always going to come out for Trump. But right now people are voting based on issues such as abortion.KELLYANNE CONWAY, FORMER SENIOR COUNSELOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Political independents are growing in our country. RFK Jr. will get some of them state by state. There is not a single state he has shown that he can win so more. But many of them are supporting Donald Trump. They see him as the outsider.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Listen, we focus a lot on polls, but it is a snapshot. And here is the snapshot. The latest poll that we have general election head-to-head, you have former President Trump leading President Biden in this CNN poll 49-43. If you look at the average of recent polls in the swing states, the former president is up as you bounce state to state down the different -- Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Nevada, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania. Some of them Pennsylvania very tight at 0.6 percent. A little snapshot, again, at the race.We're back with the panel. If you had to say, Ben, right now, you heading into the election, knowing what you're facing, which team would you want to be, former President Trump's team or President Biden's team?DOMENECH: I don't think that there's any question that you would want to be on Former President Trump's team. The simple fact is that in many of these polls what we see is that people looking back at the four years of the first term of President Trump say that they view that as being a more positive experience by a pretty significant margin than they view the current tenure of President Biden. And so because of that, that just by default, I think, is a real problem for this White House.The other thing is that this White House is focused so much on these issues that seem to be designed to appeal to their existing Democratic base that they are ignoring the vast, significant number of voters who have shifted from the Biden camp to the Trump camp over the issue of the economy and the cost of goods and services that we have seen time and again come up as a major issue. A major indicator, as the economists looked into it, was if you have young children, you are more likely to have shifted from Biden to Trump. And to me, that's because you are going to the grocery, you are shopping, and you're aware of it.BAIER: The economy is still driving on all these polls, Harold. When you talk about the independent race of R.F. Kennedy Jr., he does factor in a lot of these and in some of these swing state polls. And both sides are worried about him. Now you have former President Trump kind of going after him. But he affects these races.FORD: There's no doubt. Look at this, no one is at 50, right. As a Democrat, you've got to be concerned about this. You can't say polls matter and then when polls go against you say they don't matter. Polls matter. But they are not at 50. You've got to look at state by state. I think the national polls are critical. I'm looking at Michigan, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Arizona, and North Carolina. Four, the Haley supporters who didn't seem to flock right away to Trump, I can't believe they are gaining confidence after this trial in New York and maybe other things, but we will see.And finally, I've said all along, what gas prices and food prices are on Memorial Day and the Fourth of July and what it costs to buy electronics and clothes to get your kids back to school in early August, us east coasters, our kids go back to school in September. Early August they start going back to school in all these battleground states. That to me will be the key.BAIER: The calendar, July, August, the conventions, but really Memorial Day, to Harold's point, is where everybody kind of zooms in.KIGHT: Yes. We are all paying attention right now, but there are a lot of American voters who are not looked in yet. And look, the big thing that's going to matter in November is going to be RFK Jr. I think he's going to have a very important role to play in who comes out on top come November. He's polling consistently in the doubling digits. And we have seen if the primaries have taught us anything is that there is a healthy appetite on both sides of the aisle, in both parties, for protest votes. And we have seen at first it's hurt Biden, and more recently this hurt Trump in the polls. And that's going to be a huge thing to keep an eye on.BAIER: A huge factor. A lot to talk about. Panel, thanks.FORD: You've been in our prayers. Love you and your family.BAIER: Thank you very much. Thank you.Finally tonight, today's throwback, a somber one. Seventy-nine years ago, the horrors of the Holocaust were seen up close by U.S. soldiers. April 29th, 1945, when the 42nd, 45th infantry divisions of the 20th armored division liberated approximately 32,000 prisoners from the Dachau concentration camp in Germany. As American soldiers neared that camp they discovered railroad cars filled with decomposed bodies. Then came the so- called walking skeletons still in the camp, more stacks of bodies. Some soldiers so horrified by what they witnessed they began sobbing. A somber remembrance on this day as protests obviously continue around the country.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, we'll talk with the new chairman and ranking member of the House Select Committee on China about the growing threat from that country, plus TikTok and foreign policy.Last thing, to Harold's point, a quick thank you to the doctors and nurses at Children's National here in D.C. Once again, they saved my son Paul's life, his fifth open heart surgery, a surprise one. He's doing well. He's home.Thanks for all your prayers and support across the board. We are very grateful.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Here's Laura.