(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you are currently on George Washington University property, you're in violation of D.C. code.PAMELA SMITH, D.C. METROPOLITAN POLICE CHIEF: We allowed protesters ample time to leave the area. In total, there were six dispersal announcements before our officers took action. Many complied and left the encampment area. Those who did not comply were arrested.PROTESTERS: We will not be pushed aside!PROTESTER: Put an end to genocide!PROTESTERS: Put an end to genocide!MURIEL BOWSER (D), MAYOR OF WASHINGTON, D.C.: MPD's response to First Amendment demonstration is apolitical. It is without regard to one side or the other.(SHOUTING)(END VIDEO CLIP)NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Chaos breaking out, as police step in to clear anti-Israeli encampment at George Washington University, same thing in New York City at the Fashion Institute of Technology.But now, with graduation ceremonies closing in, what needs to be done to cut these disruptions out?Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto, and this is "Your World," and a confusing world today, as a lot of these disruptions don't ease. Some of them are heating up as we speak.To Mark Meredith at George Washington University, where that cleanup is under way and arrests have lawmakers speaking out.What do you have for me, my friend?MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Neil, good afternoon to you.A lot of changes in the last 24 hours. The student protest area where we have seen those protesters for nearly two weeks, that is now completely cleared out, those protesters no longer able to get in. Neither are we in the press. And, as you mentioned, overnight, there were some 33 people arrested, as the university simply said, enough was enough.During the arrests, which happened well before sunrise, we know that pepper spray was used. The protesters claimed that the police were simply going too far. We heard from the police today they said they were necessary because some of those protesters decided to try and fight back as they were clearing the encampment.Within the last hour, we heard some supportive lawmakers up on Capitol Hill who were supportive of the protesters who were arrested. Here's what a member of the so-called left Squad had to say within the last out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): I want all the Democrats and Republicans to know they cannot arrest their way out of this growing dissent. Every corner of our country, people of different faiths, different color skin, ethnicity, backgrounds of different types are coming together and saying, Palestinians deserve to live.(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: Perhaps the biggest symbol of the G.W. protests was the statue of George Washington.And while it was once covered in graffiti, it is now covered up. The university is likely going to have to spend a lot of time and money trying to restore it. We did get a statement from George Washington University late today.And they say: "All activities, including activities of free expression on campus, will require reservation through the Division for Student Affairs. In addition, no sound amplification will be permitted for such events on campus," an indication they don't want to see anything like the protest that has been out here to pop back up.Whether or not we will see students try to take over another part of campus is yet to be seen. You mentioned some of the arrests that have been taking place in New York. We know there's still protests happening at MIT. As for G.W. specifically, the commencement address still scheduled to happen in a little while from now, I think May 19.And we also know that this area where the protesters were, that will still be off-limits for the next several weeks -- Neil.CAVUTO: Mark Meredith, thank you very much for that.Want to go to Scott Walker right now, of course, the former Wisconsin governor, presidential candidate, president of Young America's Foundation. He's dealing with this and aware of this in his own state at U.W. Madison, for example.Governor, always good to see you.I know, at U.W. Madison, some faculty members got involved on a walkout in support of some of those protesters. Do you know where that stands right now?FMR. GOV. SCOTT WALKER (R-WI): Yes, well, they continue to push.You had a number of them were arrested and then came back there again. Remember, this is not about free speech. It is illegal in Wisconsin to put up a camp and stay overnight on any university property without prior authority, approval from the chancellor or other administrators.They're violating the law. The law is clear. So whether it's a student, whether it's a faculty member or others out there, I'm all for free speech at Young America's Foundation, we have been pushing that for years, when our conservative, right-of-center speakers and students are constantly been barred with pushback from the universities.But this is not free speech. Violating the law, destruction of property, that's not the case. And these people, these students and faculty, need to face the consequences.CAVUTO: You know, it's wildly inconsistent among colleges and universities, the 60-plus that have had these type of walkouts, or worse. It hasn't been nearly as severe in most of the colleges and universities where protests have continued.But, again, there's no consistent way to counter them. Some schools, like Brown and Northwestern, try to make deals with the protesters to say that they would put on a ballot or measure, a way to put up for a vote if you want to divest in companies that invest in Israel. Others don't do anything of the sort.Is there a common ground, you think, to deal with this in the future?WALKER: Why, the best approach is what Ben Sasse has done at the University of Florida. He says, you want free speech, go out and do it. You want to protest. You want to put up signs. You want to speak out. You can do that.But you can't violate the law. You can't have permanent signs. You can't put up tents. You can't do these other things. And that's just it. You have got a bunch of spoiled brats, in many cases, who are -- just think that they can violate the law. And there has to be consequences.Any time they try to appease -- and, oh, by the way, think about these poor kids at a number of these campuses who, four years ago, when they were in high school...CAVUTO: Right.WALKER: ... that their graduation ended because of COVID.Now, because of a handful of radicals, the same thing is happening on many of these campuses as well. Poll after poll shows, thankfully, most college students aren't siding with the protesters at all. They just want to go back and have a chance to finish off their classes, get what they paid for, what they deserve to do, which is access to a quality education.And, oh, by the way, unlike what the Squad member just said, nationwide, it's about an 80/20 split in favor of Israel over Hamas, the terrorists. Even on college campuses, it's about 57 percent of college students side with Israel over Hamas on this issue.So this is a radical minority out there that the college administrators, unfortunately, are listening to.CAVUTO: This might be a more political question, so forgive me, but it does seem odd to me, Governor, that, through all of this, the Jewish vote, which has oftentimes been almost monolithic in its support of Democrats, is still disproportionately that way, even now, even after all of this.I just find that curious. What do you think of that?WALKER: Oh, I'm shocked. I know this is one of the things we have been doing at Young America's Foundation is pushing back in support of Jewish students.Again, we get plenty of pushback. Administrators, student government leaders will try and stop some of our speakers at Young America's Foundation, because they will say, oh, their words, their language is somehow harmful, because they don't want to have a true and open, honest debate, which is what you should at a college.In contrast, though, when Jewish students are actually barricaded up for fear of their life or at least bodily harm inside dorms or libraries or other places, sadly, many of these administrators say, oh, it's just about free speech.No, there should be no student -- I don't care whether they're Jewish or any of their faith tradition or background -- no student in America should fear for their life or their safety on a college campus. We should be able to speak freely anywhere, but most particularly on a college campus.But free -- speak -- speaking freely is not the same as issuing threats, breaking the law or destruction of property. Those things have to have consequences.CAVUTO: Governor Scott Walker, good seeing you again. Thank you very much.WALKER: Thank you, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, in the meantime here, you know, of course, about the fixation in New York, of course, the ongoing Stormy Daniels testimony that's supposed to resume in New York.But two key cases are getting a lot of attention right now that could be punted aside or at least changed dramatically. Of course, you have heard about the documents case going on in Florida right now, where the judge is saying, this might be put off indefinitely. Then there is what's going on in Georgia with the district attorney, Fani Willis.Now an appeals court is going to weigh what the Donald Trump legal team wants to see done, get her disqualified from handling the case altogether.Jonathan Serrie in Atlanta with more on that -- Jonathan.JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi there, Neil.Legal experts say that what happened today was a victory for the defense, not just because it keeps the spotlight on Fani Willis, the top prosecutor in the case, instead of the defendants. But, also, it is all but certain to delay the trial.Legal experts also say the Georgia Court of Appeals has two terms in which you could take up this case. The first of those terms doesn't even begin until August, which was exactly when Willis had hoped to bring former President Trump and his associates to trial.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANTHONY MICHAEL KREIS, GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY: There is no way this is going to go to trial any time before the election. We'd be lucky to see a trial in spring of 2025.(END VIDEO CLIP)SERRIE: Ashleigh Merchant, the defense lawyer who filed the initial motion to disqualify Willis, tells FOX News: "We feel confident that when it reviews the clear evidence of conflict in this case, the Court of Appeals will agree with us and disqualify Ms. Willis and her entire office from further prosecution of this matter and require that a neutral prosecutor be appointed to review whether these charges are even appropriate."Now, Neil, in the majority of cases, the Georgia Court of Appeals simply takes written arguments from the attorneys on both sides. Because this case is so high-profile, Anthony Kreis, the professor you saw in that report, he anticipates that there will be oral arguments -- Neil.CAVUTO: Jonathan, thank you very much for that.Jonathan Serrie.Meanwhile, back to the focus tomorrow in Manhattan, of course, with Stormy Daniels due back on the stand, Donald Trump back in that courthouse, but all of this at a time when a lot of people are trying to politically pinpoint, what kind of impact is this going to have on the former president?Maybe they might be surprised to hear the limited impact it can have because we know the history on a former sitting president -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, you might want to just call with the calm before the second Sandy storm.That is, of course, Stormy Daniels set to retake the witness stand tomorrow, as that cross-examination continues.Nate Foy is there and all ready for that, as he has been throughout this thing -- Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.So, former President Donald Trump is spending the off-day for the trial in Florida meeting with donors, coming back to New York tonight. He will be back here at the courthouse tomorrow morning, when Stormy Daniels' testimony will continue, with Trump attorney Susan Necheles expected to continue questioning her.The testimony ended yesterday, with Daniels admitting that she was partly motivated by money, but denying that she extorted Trump. Daniels testified that she met the former president in 2006 and had sex with him shortly after. She ended up selling her story to Michael Cohen for $130,000.Daniels told the jury that she now hates Trump. And when Necheles asked if she wants to see Trump in jail, Daniels responded -- quote -- "I want him to be held accountable."Daniels testified she met Trump at a celebrity golf tournament. She saw him several times after that. Daniels said that she wanted to be on "The Apprentice" TV show. During her direct testimony, Daniels provided extreme detail of her encounter with Trump. Trump's lawyers asked for a mistrial, saying the jury heard damaging testimony that's unrelated to the charges Trump faces.Judge Juan Merchan agreed the testimony went too far, but denied the request for a mistrial. And, today, Trump posted on TRUTH Social -- quote - - "It is hard to sit back and listen to lies and false statements be made against you, knowing that, if you respond even in the most modest fashion, you are told by a corrupt and highly conflicted judge that you will be put in prison, maybe for a long period of time."Now, Daniels testimony resumes at 9:30 tomorrow morning. It will begin with her cross-examination. And the prosecution has already signaled they also have more questions for her.We will send it back to you, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, Nate, thank you very much for that.Well, does salacious necessarily mean disastrous? Well, if you're thinking about one Bill Clinton back in 1990, not necessarily. As that sordid affair with Monica Lewinsky came to light, his poll numbers after impeachment were higher. Beforehand, he had a 55 percent approval, after the whole thing, 71 percent.So the American people back then didn't seem to care one way or the other.Julia Manchester, The Hill national politics reporter, very different times, very different gentlemen, very different cases, I grant you, Julia, but, sometimes, the thought that an issue like this will galvanize people to hate the guy that they're about are sometimes wrong, very, very wrong.JULIA MANCHESTER, NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, THE HILL: You're absolutely right, Neil.And you can just go back to the 2016 presidential election, when, a month before that election took place, there was audio leaked of then businessman-Donald Trump literally bragging about groping women. And the conventional wisdom told us at the time that was the death knell for the Trump campaign.Well, obviously, it didn't work out that way. So I think there is precedent for this, that these salacious stories, the salacious background to men like Trump and also former President Clinton doesn't necessarily hurt them politically.And I think part of that has to do with the American people aren't necessarily tuned into it the way you and I are. You know, you have polls showing that most voters don't care, don't necessarily care about this.When they're going to the ballot box, they're thinking about the economy, the situation at the southern border, crime, health care, those kitchen table issues we talk so much about.CAVUTO: You know, I do believe that the prosecution was fully intending to get, obviously, Stormy Daniels, to give the most intimate and embarrassing and lurid of details.And maybe they counted on the fact that, even if it wasn't going to be allowed, which, oddly enough, it was, it would do so much damage and jurors would be so affected by it that they'd be locked and loaded to go after the guy.It could be just the opposite. It could look as a pile-on to those jurors, could it not, and to the American people, who see this that, wait a minute, this isn't what it was billed to be. This isn't the trial we thought it was going to be.MANCHESTER: Yes, I could absolutely see it backfiring.But, look, I think the prosecution, judging from the last few weeks of the trial, they seem to have hinged their strategy on this idea of election interference, that these hush money payments and the falsified documents and such were done to interfere in the 2016 presidential election in order to sort of quash those negative stories about Trump.So this might have been something they thought could have maybe boosted the former president and that it seemed so salacious and gossipy. We will have to see. I did see some reporting from colleagues that were in the room that said that Stormy Daniels during her testimony sort of came off as very relatable, friendly, warm.And she also went into major detail about her interactions with Trump. So we will see how that plays going forward.CAVUTO: You know, I'm curious too, because these two other cases that are probably far more significant, because this -- even people who don't...MANCHESTER: Yes.CAVUTO: ... necessarily flip over Donald Trump think that this is odd. This entire matter is being adjudicated as we speak.But some of the big ones, like the classified documents trial, that could be put off indefinitely. We're learning separately, in the case of Fani Willis, going after her, an appeals court hearing the arguments to get her out of handling that entire Donald Trump January 6 case.So, some of the two -- the two big ones remain very much in doubt.MANCHESTER: Absolutely.And this has sort of played into Trump's legal strategy going into this in terms of delay, delay, delay. Trump wants to delay these until after the election, so, when he is president, he could theoretically -- and I say this is very theoretical, very hypothetical -- he could potentially claim some sort of immunity.He also doesn't want these two other cases that are -- could be arguably more damaging to him damage him before the presidential election. I think you're absolutely right. There is this consensus among Republicans and Democrats that this case, the hush money case in New York, which is guaranteed to wrap up before Election Day, that's the weakest out of all of them.So the developments in terms of the delaying and postponing of these other trials certainly helps Trump and plays into his hands.CAVUTO: Julia Manchester, thank you very much.Julia, of course, the Hill national politics reporter.In the meantime, we have been following a story that at first the administration seemed to step back from and almost deny outright, this argument that they were withholding arms and weaponry to Israel precisely because of the escalating conflict there and that they might do more damage.Gillian Turner has been following that one closely -- Gillian.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Neil.Well, as you know, the Biden administration recently held back that shipment of precision bombs from Israel, but we're now learning the administration is considering withholding more weapons going forward. We're starting to hear from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle. Nobody is pleased with the Biden administration's policy on this.We're going to bring you the details coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, we have got the latest on these wicked tornadoes and the outbreak now that had some people hiding and trying to be safe inside a FedEx facility. They're finally out, but this is not over.The latest -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Well, right now, of course, the administration has come around to say, yes, some weapons were withheld to Israel, including, we are told from The Wall Street Journal, some 2,000-pound bombs that the administration apparently felt would do more damage than good in Gaza, just as it's trying to secure rescues and safety for those in that area.Anyway, Gillian Turner has been piecing all of this together because it's quite the ruckus, with Republicans claiming the White House is going too far -- Gillian.TURNER: Hi, Neil.Well, administration officials already withheld a shipment of precision bombs to Israel. We are now learning that, behind the scenes, officials here are considering postponing or even cutting further shipments.They're concerned that at least some of these weapons are going to be used by the IDF in Rafah, a city that's now packed with 1.3 million Palestinians, thereabouts, a lot of those people already displaced by this ongoing war. Take a listen to Matt Miller.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN: To date, you have seen too many Palestinians die. And so when you look at those results and you -- as I said a minute ago, and you try to imagine a repeat of such a campaign in an even more dense area than where Israel has operated to date, that's why we have such great concerns.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: One major factor for concern, UNICEF now estimates 600,000 children are currently hunkered down in Rafah.The Biden administration wants an Israeli invasion plan that prioritizes their protection.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MILLER: I'm not going to speak to anything beyond the current pause of assistance, the one shipment that we have currently paused, and the review of others.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Republicans, though, say the Biden administration is now running afoul.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JONI ERNST (R-IA): What ammunition is being held up? Why is it being held up? We want to get to the bottom of this. Congress was not notified of this decision.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): So Israel's been hit in the last few weeks by Iran, Hezbollah, and Hamas, dedicated to their destruction. And you're telling me you're going to tell them how to fight the war and what they can and can't use, when everybody around them wants to kill all the Jews?(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: So, on the other side of this issue, Democratic lawmakers are pushing back on President Biden sending any weapons to Israel. They say they don't want to be in a situation where the Biden administration is aiding and abetting civilians dying on the ground during this war -- Neil.All right, Gillian Turner at the State Department. Michael Oren back with us, the former Israeli ambassador to the United States.Ambassador, what do you make of this, some weaponry withheld from Israel?MICHAEL OREN, FORMER ISRAELI AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES: It's quite a harrowing experience, a shocking experience, deeply, deeply disappointing, Neil.And what can I say? It's frightening. We're fighting a two-front war, at least two fronts. Our civilian population has been evacuated from the northern part of the country. The northern part of the country is uninhabitable under constant barrages from Hezbollah. Our soldiers have been killed up there.Down south, our soldiers are under fire from Hamas situated within Rafah. We have four soldiers killed this week by a mortar barrage from inside Rafah, which reminds us of the atrocities of October 7.It's not without precedents, you should know. In 2014, President Obama also held up the supply of vital missiles to us during another round of fighting with Hamas, on the same basis that Israel supposedly was killing too many Palestinians.CAVUTO: Right.OREN: But the message to Israel, the message to American allies around the world is very, very unfortunate, very unfortunate and very -- a mixed message, because, on one hand, the Biden administration has helped us in terms of very large sums and financial aid and blocking maneuvers in the middle -- in the United Nations to create a Palestinian state unilaterally that would threaten us, but now this.And I must say, I think -- I would question whether it's actually a legal move. The Congress about 20 years ago passed a bill called QME, Qualitative Military Edge, which obligates any administration, Republican or Democrat, to report to Congress on the degree to which the United States is enabling Israel to defend itself by itself against any Middle Eastern adversary or any combination of Middle Eastern adversaries.I find it -- and, by the way, the president has to report to Congress to the degree to which his or her administration is comforting with that law. I don't know how the White House will then report to Congress that it is upholding Israel's qualitative military edge, at a time when it is denying the IDF vital forms of ammunition in the middle of a -- what is essentially a defensive war.CAVUTO: I just remember you're a graduate of Columbia University here in New York. And you know what's been going on there. They're trying to get back to normal.But anti-Israeli protests are still going to continue, we're told, and now this news that the administration might be sort of tying your -- one arm behind Israel's back in fighting this war. Do you feel this is a pile-on?OREN: I feel that these protests occurring across the United States, they started at my alma mater, at Columbia...CAVUTO: Right.OREN: ... have a gravitational pull on Democratic policy toward the Middle East, toward Israel.And you can almost measure it. And it's very disconcerting, again, because these protests may be aimed superficially at Israel, but they're actually aimed at the United States of America. They're talking about "Death to America," burning the American flag, spitting on policemen.And I have been asked by the Jewish alumni of Columbia to represent them to the press, to the Congress. And several weeks ago, I already called on the administration to instruct the FBI to investigate who's organizing these protests, because they're clearly organized and orchestrated and funded.CAVUTO: Yes.OREN: Just look at the tents. They're all the same tents. Look at the flags. They're all the same flags.CAVUTO: Well, do you feel, very quickly, Ambassador, that Joe Biden means what he says when he says Israel has his unequivocal support?OREN: Well, I think that I know Joe Biden very well. I worked with him very closely when he was vice president, and I was in Washington, and I know him being very -- he was very committed to Israel's security, to the historic alliance between Israel and the United States.But you can't say that you're unequivocally supportive of Israel when, in fact, you're qualifying support of Israel, and you're qualifying support of Israel at the height of a war, and the height of a war which Israel didn't want, and which the heinous and barbarous terrorists broke a cease-fire and massacred 1,200 Israelis, immolated them, beheaded them, raped them, took into satanic captivity more than 250 of them.And in American terms, this would be about the equivalent of about 34,000 Americans killed on a single afternoon. What would the United States do, I wonder?CAVUTO: Good points, all, Ambassador. Thank you very much. Be safe, be well.Michael Oren, the performer Israeli ambassador to the United States.By the way, we do want to keep you up to date on some of these severe storms that have been happening in this country, particularly these tornadoes, where we have been going through a pretty wicked streak of them right now, particularly in Oklahoma.The latest from there -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, showing all these protests going on.This is just in the last 24 hours, folks, and a lot of that just happening today, overnight, of course, these protests going on at George Washington University. We have seen them all over the country.And yet, if you were to step back and say whether we're all freaking out about this, well, if Wall Street were your gauge, you would probably say, well, that's funny. That doesn't seem to be happening, sixth day in a row we have seen the Dow do this, up right now.We haven't seen that since back last year.We have got Ted Weisberg with us of Seaport Securities, because this has been a steady theme, right, Ted, that the markets, I understand, climbing a wall of worry, even a line of -- a wall of protests and the like. But why is that? That's been the same dating back to the start of this Israeli war.TED WEISBERG, PRESIDENT, SEAPORT SECURITIES CORPORATION: Well, I think it goes back even beyond that.CAVUTO: Right.WEISBERG: I mean, unfortunately, the markets are not logical.So much of markets are psychological. It's hard to define how much is psychological and how much is real. But, at the end of the day, it's -- there's nothing rational about markets, in my opinion. They're either overbought, oversold, but there's no -- I don't think there's any realistic equilibrium.CAVUTO: They're nuts. They're nuts.WEISBERG: Yes, basically, and we're all nuts that get involved in it, right, yes.CAVUTO: You're an iconic giant in this field, so you are the iconic giant nut, right?(LAUGHTER)WEISBERG: Right.CAVUTO: I kid, but just to make the point, people can't understand that, and they think back to 1968, when we had crazy markets, of course, but the fact of the matter is, different times, different places. It could change on a dime.But there are a lot of things going for markets right now, right?WEISBERG: Yes, well, exactly.But let's talk about the negatives, because there were so many negatives, which is what makes it confusing for folks.CAVUTO: Right.WEISBERG: It's the Middle East. It's Ukraine. It's the Fed and the direction of interest rates. Are they, aren't they going to raise rates, -- well, excuse me -- lower rates?CAVUTO: Right.WEISBERG: And, if so, when? Maybe they do nothing. It's an election year.These are all unknowns, quite frankly. And the market has trouble with unknowns. And so you would say, well, then logically, why is the market doing so well? Well, so we're climbing that proverbial wall of worry. On the other hand, it is, at the end of the day, all about corporate earnings.And corporate earnings, on balance, have been terrific. Yes, there have been a few hickeys...CAVUTO: Right. Right.WEISBERG: And a few problems with individual companies in terms of the earnings in this reporting period, like there is with every reporting period.But at the end of the day, it will be corporate earnings that will drive the markets. And, on balance, the earnings have been terrific. And it looks like they're going to remain good, in spite of all the unknowns that are out there.So I guess we have to conclude, at the end of the day, yes, it's the wall of worry and that's legitimate. But it's corporate earnings. And that is the basis for the strong stock market.CAVUTO: Now, a lot of optimism back in fashion to say the Federal Reserve is going to cut interest rates before the year is out, probably before the election.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: I don't want to be jaded to think that they would be so overtly political, but they could use the excuse that, well, the latest employment reports showed a dramatic slowdown in activity, so they have reason to do that.Whatever your opinions on that, do they have reason to do that?WEISBERG: Well, it is a bit perverse if you think about it, Neil, because, on the one hand, we're rooting for weak economic numbers to reinforce the Fed in terms of lowering interest rates.CAVUTO: Right.WEISBERG: I mean, I'm not sure we should all be rooting for economic weakness. I think we should be rooting for economic strength.CAVUTO: And markets tend to more often do well in a rising rate environment, right? The lowering rate could indicate softening, right?WEISBERG: Exactly.And, ultimately, that's a negative, not a positive, for the stock market. So I mean, I think it's great that everybody's rooting for lower interest rates. If people think we're going back to the world of zero interest rates, which we experienced...CAVUTO: That's not going to happen.WEISBERG: ... in my -- well, and I agree with you. My opinion, that's an aberration, and the history books will show that to be true. I don't...CAVUTO: But what do you tell investors? I'm sorry to jump on you, my friend, but you and I have been covering this a long time.WEISBERG: Right.CAVUTO: We both look decades younger than our years.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: But, but the one thing I always thought, that it depends on your timing perspective.I was joking in the break. Timing in long term for me is breakfast on Monday. So that's changed. So does it depend on whether you're talking to a young person or an older person how you guide them on the markets and investing?WEISBERG: Oh, absolutely.Listen, I'm -- at the end of the day, I'm a stock jockey, but at my age, I'm reluctant to buy green bananas.(LAUGHTER)WEISBERG: On the other hand, if you are younger, there are always opportunities. I mean, if you just look, I can remember the period of 1973- 74.CAVUTO: Whoa.WEISBERG: The Dow -- the Dow was playing 580. Think, 580.CAVUTO: Incredible.WEISBERG: And here we are at 38000 or 39000.So the answer is very simple. It's not gray. The answer is, if you are a long-term investor, obviously, there are going to be some hickeys along the way, but, basically, there are always opportunities in the stock market. People say it's a market of stocks, not a stock market.CAVUTO: OK.WEISBERG: And so there's always something positive to do. So, if I were young, I'd be in there probably with both feet.CAVUTO: All right, well, you are young. Don't say otherwise.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: Because, if you give up, I give up. All right.Ted Weisberg, Seaport Securities, still has his Big Board pass, still an iconic figure, still one of the best money guys I know.In the meantime here, something we really can't control is Mother Nature, when she decides to whack an area like she did with this incredibly wicked tornado outbreak, she could take no prisoners.We're going to have Robert Ray on what went down in Oklahoma -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, a tornado outbreak wreaking havoc across multiple states. We have got the very latest on how things are looking now from Robert Ray in Barnsdall, Oklahoma.ROBERT RAY, FOX WEATHER MULTIMEDIA JOURNALIST: Neil, storms have been ravaging the heartland for weeks, and now they're moving into the Ohio Valley and Tennessee Valley.But look at this house in Barnsdall. This is the kitchen. Imagine the memories that were created here, and now totally destroyed. You look at this entire home, the cinder blocks tossed around in this area. An EF-4 tornado, Neil, and I want to have you walk with us so you can see some of the damage. That is winds, unfortunately, of nearly 175 miles per hour.National Weather Service upgraded it recently from an EF-3. This tornado came in about 9:30, 10:00 at night on Monday in this town of 1,000 people just north of Tulsa, Oklahoma, an area that is no stranger to situations like this.But when it happens, boy, does it hit home. One person is dead, unfortunately, and many people survived because of this, right here, storm shelters or cellars. And Lloyd Alford, photographer, come down here, Lloyd.I want them to see the inside of this storm shelter. I will walk out and you can go in. Lloyd, look at that. Down there, there is water inside the shelter from the amount of rain that came in. And there was a woman inside this during the storm as it hit.She survived. Listen to her account, Neil.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY KING, TORNADO SURVIVOR: The cellar door blew open, and there was just stuff blowing everywhere in the door. I just came up out of it. The storm - - see this door? We have this chain to latch it. And I even had it latched to the bolt on the floor, and it just ripped it off.And there was just stuff blowing down in there. And I just got in the corner the best I could with my little dog.We're alive.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're alive.KING: We're alive. Thank God, we're alive.(END VIDEO CLIP)RAY: Neil, she would not have lived if it were not for going down here.And to think, this is the door that she was talking about with that chain right here that came off. This has got to be nearly 100 pounds, if not more, Neil. And it is off its hinges. It won't even shut fully at that point.But you could see. Imagine the tornado coming across here and ripping this up while she was down in there and it moving it to the side like that, and all of the sound and the fury of what's going on outside with the EF-4 tornado, 175-mile-an-hour winds ripping apart her neighborhood and over 40 homes here in this town of just 1,000 people.And all you have to do is take a look around here to realize this was a catastrophic event. And it's been going on for weeks here in the heartland and continues to head east. There's got to be a break soon, though May is the toughest and deadliest month for severe season.Neil, we are reporting here in Oklahoma, and we hope that we don't come back in the next month for another round of any damage like this -- Neil.CAVUTO: I hope so too, my friend. I hope so too, Robert Ray.So think about it. We have had the nasty weather, the nasty protests. Sometimes, you might even lose a sense of, where's God in all of this? A man who knows -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REV. RUSSELL LEVENSON, ST. MARTIN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH: There has not been one day that I was not excited about coming to work, not one. I have had hard days, I have had long days, I have had sad days, but most of the days have been filled with joy and meaning and purpose, and that is because of you.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: He is a remarkable man.For regular viewers of this show, you will know over the years, the many years, I have had the pleasure to have him on and share some powerful moments.Pastor of America's largest Episcopal Church has led funeral services for the likes of President George Bush Sr., Barbara Bush, the last man to walk on the moon, Gene Cernan. I was a eulogist at that sermon, at that funeral as well. So I got to see him close up in action. And, man, oh, man, anyone else delivering a eulogy or anything in that form falls a very, very distant also-ran.The good pastor, Russ Levenson, with us right now.So this is it. You really mean it. You are leaving. You are retiring. What's wrong with you?(LAUGHTER)LEVENSON: Well, Neil, thank -- always good to be with you. I always appreciate what you do for everyone and the way in which you do it. Your optimism is contagious and appreciated.CAVUTO: You didn't answer my question. I don't want you to leave.LEVENSON: You know, I have made...CAVUTO: Why are you leaving?(LAUGHTER)LEVENSON: Well, I will stay. I will stay. We all -- those in every vocation, always have a calling right up to the end. So I will continue to be a priest and a pastor in a different way.But I have been here 17 years. I have been a priest for over 30. And I have grandchildren and I have children that I want to be closer to. I have been married 40 years this summer. And, fortunately, my wife wants to keep me around and we have a good time. We're going to have more of a good time.But I will continue writing some and doing some other things...CAVUTO: Wow.LEVENSON: ... but just not in this post, yes.CAVUTO: That's awesome. I mean, I have been married 40 years as well. And my wife, it's the best 40 years of her life. That's for sure.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: But I digress.You know, what I find marvelous about you -- I'm not blowing you smoke. And having seen what you do and the time and care you put in what you do, you do it with warmth, but you really get at people's hearts. And you don't judge them, whether they're frequent mass-goers or new to the church.That's a delicate balance, especially these days, isn't it?LEVENSON: It really is, Neil.I had the opportunity to kind of leave my last two messages over the last few weeks. And the next to last was one I entitled "Remain in Jesus." And Jesus invited his followers to remain in him. And they said, the chief way you remain in me, remain in our lord, is by loving one another.And so I do think that the chief expression of the Christian faith, Judeo- Christian faith, is that we love one another. And when people walk into churches these days, I think they need to feel loved, not only by God, but by those who are there.And I find the members where I have served for 17 years, at St. Martin's, they're so loving and they're so wonderful about greeting and welcoming people in. But I think that's the call of all religious communities, really.CAVUTO: Well, they're not all delivering that though, Pastor.(CROSSTALK)LEVENSON: Yes.CAVUTO: One thing that struck me about your inherent sense of fairness, you said recently: "We are conservatives and liberals. We are people who hold to traditional marriage and those who want same-sex marriage. That ought to be the church, part of the DNA, has made St. Martin's work. We're, by and large, a pretty conservative church. But that's not what we lead with. People know who we are and what we're about. But mostly they come because they're meeting people."You always get back to that. It's about meeting people, embracing people, all people. That's easier said than done these days.LEVENSON: Ye, it is. And it -- but it is the invitation of our lord.And, again, you have got to listen to those last words of my boss. And my boss, the night before he left us, said, this is how people will know you follow me, is if you love one another. And, yes, we are more of a traditional -- St. Martin's is more of a traditional church. I'm more of a traditional conservative priest, but I don't lead with that.I lead -- hopefully, I lead with love. And I'm -- I was just talking with someone a moment ago, said, I'm still a work in progress at 62 years old.(LAUGHTER)LEVENSON: And I have still got a lot to learn.But I think the way forward is to do that. And in the time in which we live right now, Neil, as you and I have talked many times, there's so much that seems overwhelming. One of my good friends used to say, you eat an elephant one bite at a time. And it seems like there's an elephant of problems all around us.But look at the issue or the problem or the person right in front of you. Do what you can where you are and let that be the fact that God is shining through you. Listen to that voice of God. My wife gave me a wonderful verse this morning from Isaiah and said, if you listen to that voice behind you, whether you turn left or right, you will know you're turning the right way.That's from Isaiah 30. And I think it -- we need to be still enough and quiet enough in a world which has a lot of noise right now. And you have just reported on a lot of that. And listen to that voice of God inviting us to be in community with each other, inviting us to love one another, inviting us to serve one another.That's our best -- putting our best foot forward. But it's also being a light of Christ to other people, which we're called to be.CAVUTO: I tell you, it's been an inspirational life. And you, of course, are an inspirational gentleman.I have seen that packed church. I have seen the impact you have in a day and age where we don't see that.Russ, I wish you much success.LEVENSON: Thank you. Thank you.CAVUTO: Russ Levenson on all of that.I just want to relay a couple of funny stories from him, because he always throws these in. What did the Dalai Lama say after Jesus' face in the container of margarine? I can't believe it's not Buddha.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: That's who he is. That's us.THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.