MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: I know where I'm going to be tomorrow at 2:00. That is the get of the week. Nice job guys. We're looking forward to that. All right. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum, and this is THE STORY. Big afternoon in New York. Former President Trump is about to hold a campaign event in the Bronx.This is a highly unlikely situation. He would be the first Republican presidential candidate, if he were, to win New York, which he thinks he has a possibility of doing. As I said, very unlikely. Hasn't happened since Ronald Reagan 40 years ago.Now, take a look at this. This is President Reagan speaking to the National Urban League in New York City in 1980. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RONALD REAGAN, 40TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You and I both know there are perceived barriers between my political beliefs and the aspirations of black Americans. Well, those barriers are false. What I want for America is, I think, pretty much what the overwhelming majority of black Americans also want.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So interesting. So, Shannon Bream and Dana Perino are here. It's wonderful to have both of you on set with me. I got to hang out with Dana for a couple hours this morning on "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM." So, thank you so much for coming back. But first to correspondent Alexis McAdams, who is reporting live on the scene in the Bronx where there's a lot of excitement building in Crotona Park today. Hi, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Yes, a deep blue area right in the Bronx, but a Trump rally here. Not many people would expecting to hear that here in New York City, but that's exactly what's happening. I'm going to step out of the way so we can just kind of give you a quick look at some of what we're seeing out here at Crotona Park in the Bronx.The former president Donald Trump has said he is going to make a play for New York. Martha. focusing on crime, inflation, immigration and he's ready to get out here and people here say they're eager to hear what he has to say. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm here because I'm so grateful that Trump came to the toughest, most aggressive, most like to say dangerous towns in the country. Thank you Trump for coming.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: So, it's been decades since a Republican presidential candidate campaigned here in the Bronx so long ago. The video is in black and white. You can check it out. Back in 1980, when Ronald Reagan visited this deep blue neighborhood of the Bronx, that's when Reagan was running against Democratic President Jimmy Carter.And Trump's certainly hoping history repeats itself here, because that was the year that Reagan flipped New York state blue, unseating President Carter. Another live look out here in the Bronx. It's been even longer, right, since a Republican candidate won the support of Bronx voters. That hasn't happened in 100 years, but one of the things that they're focusing on here is crime.It's top of mind for people in the Bronx and voters across New York. Just since Trump's trial started in the Big Apple, listen to this, 33 murders and 1,300 robberies, according to police data. And migrant crisis, also top of mind. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We want to hear how he's going to put African America first above that because in New York City, these people are getting debit cards, they're getting fast-tracked through our shelter system.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCADAMS: But this is a lot different, right, to see this out here in the Bronx compared to some of the other areas we've gone to for rallies, but we saw Donald Trump out in Harlem too and he does pull in a crowd. In some of these areas, people would think he might not have support, but I don't have to tell you. You can see it here behind me. There's people from all over New York that came here and are waiting in line to hear the former president speak. Martha?MACCALLUM: Alexis, quick question. How many people roughly would you say are there now? It's still three hours away. I think it starts at 6:00. And what is it the setup like? Are they going into an area where there's a stage? What are we going to, what is this going to be like?MCADAMS: So, there's thousands of people just in line here at Crotona Park and that line continues to grow. You said right three hours out and these people are still just kind of coming in. There's people selling hats, t- shirts and then also you can see the line.So, this is the area where they're going to all have to go through security inside. We are expecting there to be a stage set up where the former president will speak and he's going to speak around 6:00. We're not sure exactly how long he'll go but I'm sure he'll like to see a big crowd out here so maybe we'll talk for a little longer. Martha.MACCALLUM: So interesting. Alexis, thank you very much. With me now Shannon Bream, "FOX NEWS SUNDAY" Anchor and Chief Legal Correspondent; and Dana Perino, America's Newsroom Co-Anchor and Co-Host of "THE FIVE." Great to have both of you with us.I mean this comparison with Reagan is so interesting, I think, and I want to play another soundbite. We actually have two of these but let's do number two first of Reagan campaigning back in 1980 as another part of that Urban League address. Just listen to the language that he is speaking here, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) REAGAN: But there's another barrier that concerns me even more, and that is the idea that black Americans are some underclass of people who must be treated apart from the mainstream of Americans because they don't have the capabilities the rest of us have. Nothing could be further from the truth.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, Dana, you know, this is an interesting moment. And I think about the Morehouse speech that President Biden gave the other day, and the comparison between these different philosophies of what all voters may be looking for, Black, White, Hispanic.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's interesting also to think about No Child Left Behind, which was President George W. Bush's signature initiative in the first term before 9/11, and that was because what he saw as governor was the soft bigotry of low expectations for black and brown children. So, this is an issue that is not getting solved over time.And I also want to compare not just what Trump is doing to what Reagan did, because that one is like quite you can see, OK, that makes sense. Compare Biden's campaign event today, this week in New Hampshire, which should be a lock for Biden.But they had to go to New Hampshire because it's not a lock. And Trump's saying, let me try to widen this electoral map. They're looking at places like Minnesota, Virginia. Remember, Obama? He was able to say like let me try to do this.Imagine President Biden saying I'm going to go give an event, do an event in Missouri, in Alabama, in Arkansas, just because he thinks I might have a chance there because I have something to say to those people.You can't imagine it because it just, it's, it's, it's out of the question he wouldn't do it, but President Trump doing that today. He's got the left angry at him, he's got AOC saying how dare you.MACCALLUM: Yes.PERINO: And I would imagine her constituents are saying I got like I want to hear what he has to say.MACCALLUM: They could be. Shannon, you know, as we get ready to watch this tonight. We see the polls of the latest polls really neck-and-neck, nationally, but, but Trump is trying to push into these areas that are not safe haven for him.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Yes, and as you talk about contrasting the events, to just the optics of this, to think about that President Trump is willing to go into a place with thousands of people, and we know that there are calls for counter-protesters to show up. He knows this may not be a fully welcoming audience.And yet he's willing to do it, which is such a contrast from the very controlled Biden events that are scripted, and who's going to ask questions, and who's going to be there, and making sure that no protesters can get anywhere close to what he's doing and as he's trying to speak. So, just the optics of him being willing to go there.PERINO: Yes, and in New Hampshire, I should have said in New Hampshire and Biden went there this week, there were just a dozen, dozens of people there, not 3,500 people capacity.MACCALLUM: You were speaking about that article that --PERINO: The article I sent you from the New Hampshire Journal, you have to read it. It's unbelievable. It says basically he has quoted people there, quoting people there saying, are they still practicing social distancing? Like that's how lackluster -- they said there was nothing memorable. You couldn't quote anything from the speech.And that is just compare and contrast guys. That's what I was saying that everybody, President Trump might not win New York. He might, but he might not, but he's willing to try again. Biden could never go to some of these Southern states. He can't even get a crowd in New Hampshire.MACCALLUM: One of the funniest lines there was that someone at the event in New Hampshire for Biden said they were waiting for someone to yell, bingo.BREAM: Right. Tens of people have shown up. I mean, and think about this is supposed to be one of the most diverse districts around. I mean, Census Bureau says it's about 65 percent Hispanic, about 31 percent Black residents in this area, but Trump is willing to go there because the polls have shown, as you said, this closing.I mean, New York Times/Sienna last polls, our Fox polls in swing states closing the gap nearly tied with Hispanic voters. And if these numbers held, he'd be more than 23 percent support from Black voters which has not happened since 1964 or before when the civil rights --PERINO: And you can see the Biden coalition starting to fall apart. The other thing that President Trump gets from an event like this today is data and information. So, everybody that comes through, you get an e-mail address, you get a phone number. He's like, can I follow up with you?Can I reach out to you? Could you be a small donor? Would you mind volunteering? Can I count on your vote? That's very valuable as well. And remember, all of those videos will go viral. So, it has a chance to go bad. There's a risk, but there's a chance it could be really good for him too.BREAM: But he likes to mix it up. I think even if he was heckled, that's something he's comfortable with and he kind of enjoys doing.MACCALLUM: The other thing I really think is part of the motivation here, and this is just my gut instinct. You know, he's a New Yorker. I mean, when I grew up in this area, you know, he was on the cover of every newspaper all the time.There's always lots of drama, lots of gossip going on. But he said that I think it drives him crazy that he's downtown in this courtroom in New York, and he feels like he's getting beat up by the New York justice system. And he would love to win New York for that reason, right?Because then he could turn around to Bragg and Letitia James and say that yes, no, he does he loves the city and one of the things that motivated him to run for office were potholes because he used to get so angry driving around New York City that everything was a mess and falling apart you know we need to fix this.PERINO: Watch how the immigration issue plays tonight with this crowd.BREAM: Yes, you heard that teacher. I was very upset about that from the Bronx.MACCALLUM: Absolutely. All right, thank you so much. Shannon Bream --PERINO: I'm just going to follow you around all day. I might just be there for days.MACCALLUM: I'm going to follow you on "THE FIVE."BREAM: I'm also preaching myself to the Martha Wagon.MACCALLUM: All right, we'll see you on "THE FIVE." Thank you so much. Great to have both of you with us. So, Senator Ted Cruz on President Biden's open border policies remaining in place for now, at least, and that is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right, breaking today, the Senate failing to pass a bipartisan border bill for the second time as President Biden reportedly weighs doing an executive action, which he could have done on day one of his administration, but he's warming up to do it now, apparently, and the White House shifting blame for inaction on this crisis. Watch this exchange with our Jacqui Heinrich.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: The president has the authority to do something about this unilaterally. Congress is in a divided government, right? Why isn't he doing anything?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: But why -- but why should he have to do it unilaterally? Why should we do it in a legislative way? And let's not forget, that negotiate --HEINRICH: He took unilateral action before to undo some of --(CROSSTALK)JEAN-PIERRE: I know, but -- wait. So, you're right. He took many executive actions before. In order to deal with a broken immigration system, you need law.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Texas Senator Ted Cruz is standing by. But first, to correspondent Bill Melugin in Jacumba, California. Hi, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Martha, it's been busy out here, so far. We have seen people from Cameroon, from Zimbabwe, from Pakistan, from India, from Turkey, from China -- all over the place.You can see over my shoulder, more migrants sitting and waiting for Border Patrol to come pick them up.But take a look at this video. This was another massive illegal crossing right here in Jacumba. Primarily, Chinese and Turkish nationals. Some of them even bringing their luggage with them. We went into the middle of that group to see who would talk to us and some of them were pretty camera shy. Take a listen.MELUGIN: Where are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: What country? China?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: China.MELUGIN: China.What country are you from?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: India.MELUGIN: India. Where are you going?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: America.MELUGIN: You're in America. What city?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know.MELUGIN: You don't know? Why did you come?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I mean --MELUGIN: Hi, guys. Where are you from? China? You guys from China?China? Hello. What country? China? No? China?(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: So, it ended up being about a group of 100 people predominantly Chinese and young men from Turkey. We talked to a Turkish man who said he basically sold everything he had to get to the U.S. border and cross it.And he told us he was shocked at just how easy it was to cross it down here with no resistance whatsoever. And he said he feels Americans should be worried about how easy it is. And the kind of people that could potentially be coming in.Take a listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: Did you have to pay a cartel?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.MELUGIN: How much?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Around 10,000.MELUGIN: 10,000?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.In fact, the American people is right. completely true. Who comes into this country? They don't know. OK, I'm good, but how if they are not good? How if they are killers, psychopath, else? And no guarantee of that? Why -- like, no security being done, and no security check -- no background check.MELUGIN: No security check, no background check. You're worrying about who is crossing the border?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, yes, yes. Of course, Maybe it sounds like people are not look normal.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: It looked that Turkish guy, seemed like a decent guy. I asked him, why didn't he just come here legally? Then, he told me, he tried to, that his visa requests were rejected multiple times.So, he decided it would be easier to come from halfway around the world and walk across the border. And Martha, that's a decision that millions have made in recent years. We'll send it back to you.MACCALLUM: Bill, that is the soundbite of the day, if not the week, or the month. I mean, I think he sums it up so perfectly.(CROSSTALK)MELUGIN: Yes.MACCALLUM: And he is coming in this way to our country, himself. And he said, I'm worried about the psychopaths and the killers who are coming in here with me.MELUGIN: Yes.MACCALLUM: Bill, thank you very much, really, really insightful.So, with that we bring in Texas Senator Ted Cruz, member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and Foreign Relations Committee. He voted against the bipartisan border bill today, and is leading an effort to pass the House- led H.R.2 border bill in the Senate, which has previously struggled on the Senate floor.Senator Cruz, thank you very much. Good to have you with us today.SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Martha, great to be with you.MACCALLUM: You know, I can't help but wonder, if we played that soundbite for President Biden, this man from Turkey, he's basically saying I paid $10,000 to the cartel. But you should know that it's too easy to get into your country. There is no background check, there is nothing and psychopaths and killers could be in this group.What do you think President Biden would say to that man?CRUZ: Look, Martha, I'm sorry to tell you, he wouldn't care at all. And I know that because Senate Democrats, we have made that point to every single Senate Democrat. They have heard it over and over and over again. There is not a single Senate Democrat who cares. And I know they don't care, because every single time we force a vote on doing something meaningful to secure the border, every single Senate Democrat votes no.And they vote no whether it is major legislation like H.R.2, which as you noted, I'm leading in the Senate that would actually fix the problem. Every one of them votes no on that. But they also vote no on smaller things. They vote no on things like Kate's Law, which I'm also the lead author of, that says that violent criminals -- aggravated criminals who crossed the border repeatedly face a mandatory minimum prison sentence. It was named after Kate Steinle, the beautiful young woman in California, murdered by an illegal immigrant who had been released over and over and over again.And when we forced a vote on Kate's Law, every single Democrat votes no. They do not care about the criminals they are releasing, because if they cared, they would stop releasing them. And there, they have no interest in doing so.MACCALLUM: No. We got a lot of crime going on in the country.CRUZ: Yes.MACCALLUM: And a lot of people on the terror watch list. So, I hope to God it doesn't take a terror act on our soil to wake people up on this.Here is the border action and election schedule for President Biden. In June, he is expected to do an executive action announcement. And then, you've got June 27 is the first debate, So, he could walk into that debate and say, you know, I just passed this law. And we've already seen the numbers go down. What do you think of that schedule?CRUZ: Look, I think the entire thing is camouflage. It's entirely fake for the election, for him to pretend that he cares about this issue. Understand how this problem happened. When Joe Biden became president, he inherited the lowest rate of illegal immigration in 45 years.I had worked hand in hand with President Trump, we had achieved incredible success, had in it by and large, secure the border. And Joe Biden systematically and deliberately broke it.All he had to do was nothing. If he did nothing. he had the lowest rate in 45 years.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: That's true.CRUZ: But he made three decisions that caused this crisis. First day in office, he halted construction of the border wall. That was decision one. Decision two, he reinstated catch and release, the policy that when they catch an illegal immigrant, they let them go. You saw with Bill Melugin, those Chinese who are invading this country, they are holding up their passport, they turn themselves in, and Joe Biden lets them go.And number three, he pulled out of the Remain in Mexico agreement, an incredibly successful agreement that had produced the lowest rate of illegal immigration in 45 years. And the results, Martha, the numbers skyrocketed. We now have the highest rate ever recorded more than 11 million illegals under Joe Biden.MACCALLUM: Apparently, they don't ascribe to the if it's not broke, don't fix it theory, because you get a lot of headaches off your plate if you just look at. Now, this works and that works. But there is a lot of things I want to change as the new president.(CROSSTALK)CRUZ: Yes.MACCALLUM: So, let's do those.I want to ask you about the IVF bill that you and Katie Britt have proposed here. There are critics who say that this is a proposal in search of a problem that no leadership across the country at the state level or federal level wants to ban IVF. And they also say that it's just a boost for the multibillion-dollar for fertility industry. What do you say to that?CRUZ: Well, I'd say several things. Number one, IVF is miraculous technology. It is -- it has enabled millions of parents to be able to bring children in the world, to raise sons and daughters who they love and cherish and nurture.Every year, roughly two percent of all births in America come from IVF. There are over 8 million babies who have been born through IVF.But what has happened, particularly following the Alabama Supreme Court decision, is there is been a lot of confusion, and there is been a lot of fear. And frankly, Democrat politicians have decided it's good policy, it's good politics to scare people, to scare monger, and to tell them that the big bad Republicans are going to come take IVF away, and much of the corporate media is amplifying that message.So, I went to Katie Britt, senator in Alabama, and I said, hey, let's you and me team together. Let's draft simple straightforward legislation that protects everyone's right to IVF. That makes clear that no state can ban IVF no local government can ban IVF. To the best of my knowledge, all 100 senators in the Senate support IVF. And so, this ought to be a bipartisan bill.What we're seeing Martha, is we are seeing Democrats already saying they are going to block this, not because they objected protecting IVF, but because cynically, they want an issue to campaign on in November rather than actually to address the problem.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes. Well, there's a lot of cynicism.Yes, I understand where you're coming from. But no, no state or federal body is trying to ban IVF. Right?CRUZ: You are right. That there is no threat to IVF, because no states trying to do so. But understand that the Democrats are going to spend hundreds of millions of dollars in the next six months, trying to convince the voters that Republicans want to do this. And so, it's important for us to make clear, look, we strongly support IVF, and you know why the Democrats do that? Because they can't defend their own policies on abortion, where they support late term abortions that the American people don't, so, they want to change the subject.MACCALLUM: All right. We'll see where it goes. Senator Ted Cruz, always good to have you here. Thank you, sir.CRUZ: Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Good to see you.So, here is the scene in the South Bronx in New York. And these people are lining up for a former President Trump rally event, whatever they are calling it this afternoon. But it's still several hours away. And there is quite a few people who have shown up, despite the fact that there's a counter protest that's apparently trying to get its act together to balance this up there. So, it's going to be fascinating. We're going to watch this very closely.Leo Terrell and Jack Brewer as we keep an eye on this big event. And here is one of the members of Congress from that neck of the woods. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): By the way, he is doing it in the South Bronx, not to make a point, but because he's got court. And the man practically has the legal version of an ankle bracelet around him, and he can't leave the five boroughs because you always have to be in court. And so, it is truly an embarrassment to him.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: New video of golfer, Scottie Scheffler's arrest in Louisville last weekend. And watch see that right the upper left-hand side. That's the spot shadow. You can see -- and we cannot see it very well.But basically, that's his car that is moving through that area. Now, this is the only view of this we have. But in what you're looking at, it appears that an officer approaches the car. But at least in terms of what we can see from this particular video, it -- there is no moment that a lot of people thought happened or said happened that the police officer was on top of the car and he drove through there. No evidence of that. At least in this video. Maybe some other video is going to surface later. But nothing like that in this video.There is no body cam video from the officer. The police say that he is being disciplined for not turning his camera on. According to the A.P. quoting from the arrest report, the officer was dragged to the ground and suffered pain and swelling on his left wrist after the car accelerated forward, but very difficult to tell from that video. We don't see the dragging and that part, so more to come on that.Scheffler's lawyers tell fox that at no time did Scotty chapter drive through any accident scene or ongoing investigation, and he was following a conflicting instruction from a traffic control officer. We know that Scheffler has said it's just a big misunderstanding and this is the video of the arrest, which we saw that morning. He seems calmly going off with the officers and then he was brought down, put an orange jumpsuit on, had a mug shot.So for now the cops are not dropping the charges because they're still doing this investigation, but the charges include assaulting a police officer. Scheffler has a court date next month and his lawyer says that he will plead not guilty.In the meantime, Sean "Diddy" Combs facing a new lawsuit against him of sexual assault. A model and former MTV star Crystal McKinney says that she kept the clothes she was wearing that night, unwashed and wrapped in plastic. Diddy's ex-girlfriend, Cassie Ventura, is also making her first comment since we saw the horrific video of combs dragging and kicking her. Correspondent CB Cotton joins us now with the backstory. Hi, CB.CB COTTON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Well, Cassie Ventura, for the first time, is addressing the explosive video, which showed her ex-Sean "Diddy" Combs beating her back in 2016. The singer taking to Instagram to write in part, domestic violence is the issue. It broke me down to someone I never thought I would become. Last fall Ventura and Combs settled a lawsuit where she alleged he subjected her to a years long abusive relationship.Video again showing Combs attacking the singer was obtained by CNN and released on Friday. In response Combs released a one minute apology video.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEAN "DIDDY" COMBS, HIP HOP MOGUL: I hit rock bottom. I make no excuses. My behavior on that video is inexcusable. I take full responsibility.(END VIDEO CLIP)COTTON: And now former model Crystal McKinney claims she too was a victim. She says she had dinner with Combs back in 2003 and later was invited to his recording studio where she says she felt pressured to drink and smoke. When she felt intoxicated, she claimed she was forced to perform a sex act on the rapper before becoming unconscious and then waking up in the backseat of a taxicab. She alleges Combs later had her "blackballed in the industry."Now, this lawsuit marks the sixth one accusing the hip hop mogul of sexual assault. Combs has denied the previous allegations and he hasn't responded to our repeated requests for comment on this new lawsuit. But you'll remember, Martha, federal agents raided his homes in California and Florida in connection to a human trafficking investigation. That was back in March. Back to you.MACCALLUM: OK. CB, thank you very much. And Chiefs' kicker Harrison Butker gets a nod of support from his Super Bowl winning team after backlash to his strong beliefs in a commencement speech.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PATRICK MAHOMES, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS' KICKER: What makes the locker room so cool as you're able to have those discussions and become better and make those decisions for yourself. And I think that's what makes this country so great.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Former NFL player Jack Brewer on this next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRISON BUTKER, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS KICKER: For the ladies present today, congratulations on an amazing accomplishment. Some of you may go on to lead successful careers in the world, but I would venture to guess that the majority of you are most excited about your marriage and the children you will bring into this world.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Kansas City Chiefs' quarterback Patrick Mahomes and head coach Andy Reid now rallying behind three times Super Bowl champion kicker Harrison Butker who has strong beliefs on the tenants of family values set off a polarizing debate.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAHOMES: And we're not always going to agree. But there's certain things that you said that I don't necessarily agree with, but I understand the person that he is and he's trying to do whatever he can to lead people in the right direction.ANDY REID, KANSAS CITY CHIEFS HEAD COACH: I don't think you're speaking ill when he has his opinions. And we all respect that. I let you guys in this room and you have a lot of opinions that I don't like.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right. Let's bring in Jack Brewer who played for four teams in the NFL as the safety, now chairman of the Jack Brewer Foundation. Jack, great to have you with us today.What did you think of the response from Reid and Mahomes there?JACK BREWER, CHAIRMAN, JACK BREWER FOUNDATION: You know, I thought it was good. I got to be honest, I don't know what Patrick Mahomes doesn't agree with as a Christian. But I think, you know, for all Christians, for all athletes, this is a great moment because, you know, this confirms the gospel which said that we will be persecuted for the name of Jesus. And I think that's exactly what you're seeing in this situation. God bless that young man for going to a school, a university that teaches these principles and actually standing up and speaking truth. I applaud him.MACCALLUM: Yes. I mean, I think it's good when a commencement address is slightly provocative and makes people think it's sparked a lot of conversation. It's not like a boilerplate boring commencement speech. It provokes conversation, which I think has been good.Here's part of the conversation. This is former ESPN host Michelle Beadle. She didn't like it at all. I'll give you a warning, there's some salty language here but here's what she said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHELLE BEADLE, FORMER ESPN HOST: As a woman, I think everything he said was garbage. What the hell, dude, we just worked our butts off for years, and you're going to come in here and tell us that's all cute and stuff. But what you're really going to want to do is get married and have babies. Then you'll feel important. Like go (censored) yourself.It's also my freedom of speech to say go (censored) yourself, Harrison Butker. That's my freedom, I can do that. I'm not going to lose my job and he should also have the right.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Well, that's true. She does have the freedom to say what she he wants, Jack.BREWER: She speaks darkness that's why she had to beat out her words because their words are not coming in love, and Harrison was coming with love. That comes with truth. And so, it's just so sad to see because, you know, anytime if he was up talking about, you know, separating families, if he was talking about, you know, issues that are separating because of race and skin color, people would applaud him for it, you know? They commend him for it. But now they're standing against it. It's typical of what you see in modern sports.MACCALLUM: Well, I know this is something that you spent a lot of time on, but we know that we need strong families with mothers and fathers in this country. And people should feel good about that kind of commitment. And I think that's what -- in putting your family first, regardless of your other professional accomplishments. And that's what came through for me in his speech. So we're going to touch in a moment. So thank you very much. Thanks, Jack Brewer.BREWER: Thank you.MACCALLUM: So former President Trump gearing up for a big event in deep blue Bronx, in the South Bronx. This is going to be interesting, folks. Politicians don't usually go places where a lot of people don't vote for them, but that's what's happening today is he makes inroads with black and Hispanic voters, with hopes of becoming the first Republican nominee to carry the state of New York, which is his home state, hasn't happened in 40 years. Leo Terrell is next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER US PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: And we're going to come into New York, we're making a big play for New York. Other city is stupid. This city, I love this city, and it's gotten so bad in the last three years, four years and we're going to straight New York out.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Former President Trump about to hold a campaign event in the South Bronx in New York City. It is a minority community for the most part. Many people live below the poverty level in the South Bronx. It's an area that has not seen Republican support since Ronald Reagan in terms of presidential elections.President Biden's support fell to 77 percent last month after winning more than 90 percent of black votes in 2020. The former president jumping from 8 percent to 18 percent according to Pew Research, a 25 percent swing in his favor. That is among black voters. And we've also seen increases among Hispanic voters to an extent as well.So Leo Terrell is standing by but first let's check in with correspondent Alexis McAdams who is reporting live from the South Bronx. Hi, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Yes, the crowd here continues to grow in the deep blue South Bronx. You can check it out over here, we're going to pan off so you can kind of take a look at some of those crowds here that we're seeing. The line does continue to grow as we are still just a few hours out from former President Donald Trump taking the stage here, really trying to connect with voters as he says he's going to do everything he can to try and make a play in New York City and try to turn as many areas of the New York City, in the area of the Big Apple while he's in town right for this big court appearance that's been going on for quite a while here.So, the Republican candidate is having more support here in the Bronx, and maybe some people expected. AOC, as you know, Martha, said she was not expecting many people to show up. But we are talking to some supporters, including Marcelo who is 29 years old. I'll have him step this way.You grew up in the Bronx, did you expect there to be this many people coming out to support the former president here?MARCELO BRAVO-LOPEZ, BRONX RESIDENT: Yes, I did. It's a huge city and I think that at this point, after seeing Biden's term, people are open to new ideas. The people of the Bronx recognize that the cost of living has just gotten out of control, and they're ready for something new.MCADAMS: One of the big things all the people we've talked to here seem to focus on right is what's going on with the migrant crisis in New York and across the country. What do you think about that and how has that impacted your neighborhood?BRAVO-LOPEZ: I think that we see it all around, you know, people are coming in. They want a different way of life. However, it's taking away from the resources of the people who are from the community in the Bronx, and all over the city. I've seen library hours being cut, but the budget cuts are slashing agencies. And I think that the bottom line is this is not sustainable.MCADAMS: You didn't always think maybe you wouldn't be out here right at a Trump rally, your neighbors, your friends, your family didn't know if you'd always be out here supporting former president Donald Trump. What made you flick to want to support him instead of President Joe Biden?BRAVO-LOPEZ: Well, I think that the foundation of all this is that I've always believed in freedom of speech and the first amendment. So I think that it starts with coming out to one of these rallies, really hearing people's ideas, and just being open to something new. And that's where I'm starting and I'm happy to be here, and the energy is really great.MCADAMS: OK, great. Well, thanks for talking to us. So that's just some of what we're hearing out here, Martha, but the crowd continues to grow and they're still moving in here to get ready for this big speech.MACCALLUM: Thank you, Alexis. We'll be watching. Let's bring in Leo Terrell, civil rights attorney and Fox News contributor. Leo, great, good to have you hear.LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Thank you.MACCALLUM: You know, what do you make of what that young man had to say? And I guess the question is, is there actually a shift going on politically in this country or not? This would certainly be a big test.TERRELL: Yes, Martha. There is a big shift going on. And just go back a couple years what Lee Zeldin did in New York, I mean, he ran a very tough race in New York for the governorship, but he carry Republicans to the House of Representatives. What is happening, Martha, is very simple. The Democratic playbook is totally outdated. The Democrats will go to a black church, a black university and the NAACP, that's not on the minds of black Americans.Black Americans issues are American issue. You heard that guest there, it's low unemployment, it's low inflation, it's law and order, crime, they want a reduction in crime, it's securing the border. Those are American issues and that's what Trump is pushing for. Voters are not waking up. Black Americans are not waking up thinking, oh voter ID, that is the issue to the Democrats want black Americans to prey on, to think about as if there be victims. Black American want the same thing as all Americans, Martha.MACCALLUM: You know, polling shows that a lot of people are still not thrilled with either candidate. Here's Charlamagne tha God talking about that. And, you know, I always remember the moment when Joe Biden said to him, you know, if you don't support me, you ain't black, man. So watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, HOST, "THE BREAKFAST CLUB": The reality is I think both candidates are trash. You know, when you look at somebody like President Biden, feels like his base is pretty (censored) him for another reason --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Help him out. Help him out.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: Help him out by doing what?(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Help him out. Help him out, Leo.TERRELL: Yes. That's easy, Martha. You look at four years ago, he was in the Biden camp. Now, he cannot. He'll lose credibility if he comes out and endorse Joe Biden. Will you make that reference, I ain't black, Martha, that was the turning point when I left the Democrat, when I became a Trump supporter.And I'll tell you right now, the numbers don't lie. Black men are shifting to the Republican Party because of Trump's policy. The race card, the Democrats won't let it go because there's big business. They have race hustlers on the Democratic side. Trump is looking at colorblind issues that benefit all Americans. And what final point, this is a great race because there's a comparison. Were you better off in Trump's four years, or the Biden four years. Most black Americans are now waking up in, say, under the Trump years.MACCALLUM: Well, there's going to be an enormous effort on the part of President Biden to bring these voters back. And we saw what happened with Jim Clyburn in South Carolina, who really helped to salvage what everybody thought was a finished Joe Biden run back in 2020.Here's the Siena College Poll. This is New York State Biden 47 percent, Trump 38 percent. New York State registered voters, that's not likely voters, which would look probably a little bit different. But final thought on that.TERRELL: Democrats' worst nightmare because New York is in play. And this strategy works, Martha, expect President Trump in Detroit, in Philadelphia, in cities where there are large black minority population because the message is reaching the minority community. Minority issues are American issues.MACCALLUM: All right. National polls still looking very tight in these races, so we'll see where this goes. Leo, thank you very much. Always good to see you.TERRELL: Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Thanks, Leo.TERRELL: Thank you.MACCALLUM: So coming up, a final farewell to one of the heroes, one of the greatest of the greatest generation, this gentleman. World War II triple ace Clarence "Bud" Anderson, whom we met on Season 1 of the "Final Journey" on Fox nation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CLARENCE "BUD" ANDERSON, TRIPLE ACE FIGHTER PILOT: The best dog fight I ever had was June 27, 1944. All Germans come down. We can't shoot. We met them head on. Well, he's already here and I come up here like this. And I get a sight picture on him, fire burst, hit saw all cockpit engine, all the center of the airplane. An d he burst in the flame down from around 30,000 (inaudible) into ground, really dramatic.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Well, it's one of our favorite weeks here in New York City, on these beautiful days. It is Fleet Week as we head into Memorial Day weekend. We hear the story or remembering one of the greats when we lost last week, World War II's last triple ace fighter pilot. Clarence "Bud" Anderson, one of the greatest of the greatest generation. Anderson's shot down 16 German fighter planes during World War II.At 15 he secured that triple ace title. He served 30 years in the United States military and earned dozens of medals. There he is as a young man in front of his plane, including the Bronze Star. His family says that he died in his sleep on Friday at his home in California. He was 102 years old, and I was so honored to have the opportunity to speak with Brigadier General Anderson for my Fox Nation special. "The Final Journey of the Greatest Generation." He told me about flying over Normandy on D-Day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDERSON: And we look back down on the whole beach for the whole day, nobody could see -- they were the Higgins boats going in there, leaving them big rooster tails, you know. And there was fire, smoke and stuff on the beach, so it was quite a dramatic scene.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: A hero and a gentleman. And you can hear more about other World War II heroes in "The Final Journey of the Greatest Generation," both parts Pacific and Europe, all available on Fox Nation right now. And next month, "The Story" will be live from Normandy to mark 80 years since D-Day.That is THE STORY of this Thursday May 23rd. Stay with us tomorrow, folks, THE STORY goes on. I will see you right back here as "Your World" starts pretty tough day for the Dow Jones Industrial. So stay tuned for more on "Your World."