LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Thanks for watching all week long. Great legal analysis. I've enjoyed it a lot. Remember, it is America now and forever. We've gotten a lot of submissions, your pets watching "The Angle." Keep them coming.Jesse Watters takes it from here. Have a good night.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME, tonight.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He lies about everything, including his golf game. He can't hit a ball a hundred yards.WATTERS: Biden's presidency not up to par.STEPHANIE RUHLE, MSNBC HOST: It has been a rough few days for Jack Smith and Fani Willis.MARK MCKINNON, PRODUCER AND POLITICAL ADVISOR: The days of magical legal thinking are over. The cavalry is not coming.WATTERS: The left waving the white flag on the Trump trial.TRUMP: It's a joke. It is a disgrace.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (Screams). Imagine that. (Screams).WATTERS: Why are liberals so sad?(ITV NEWS VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: Plus --("THE MASK" VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)STANLEY IPKISS, FICTIONAL CHARACTER: That's a spicy meatball.WATTERS: Friday, that means Trump can finally escape the icebox and do some campaigning. He's in Wildwood, New Jersey tomorrow holding a rally at the beach.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: On Saturday, we have a tremendous rally and hopefully we're all going to be there. It's in Wildwood, New Jersey. It's going to be a big crowd, and we're going to be saying a lot.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Johnny will be there asking questions and you'll see that on Monday.Somehow the guy who is locked up in court four days a week is talking to more voters than Biden. Trump warmed up for his rally outside of court today.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: He lies about everything, including his golf game, because he can't hit a ball. He can't hit a ball a hundred yards, lies about everything.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: This time in 2020, Biden was up by four nationally. Today he is down by a point and a half. I don't make predictions anymore, but it's not looking good for Biden in November.CNN sees it, too. They're already planting the seeds to blame Russia if Trump wins.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN BERMAN, CNN ANCHOR: The FBI says that it is monitoring whether US support for Ukraine would lead Russia to take more risks in potentially interfering in the 2024 presidential election.ANDREW MCCABE, CNN SENIOR LAW ENFORCEMENT ANALYST: You have the possibility of Russian -- the Russians being incentivized to actually intervene in a way that would help Republicans who would be adverse to additional Ukraine aid if elected, and to hinder the prospects of Democrats.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: That was Ozempic McCabe. Good to see him, looking great.Russia isn't helping Trump, Biden is. He has completely splintered Democrats once rock solid base -- young people Blacks, Muslims used to be loyal to the Democrats. Now they're angry. College kids and Muslims call Biden Genocide Joe.Biden tried winning them back by threatening to cut off aid to Israel, but that wasn't enough. They want to see Israel wiped off the map.By caving to the campus caliphate, he slapped his Jewish mega donors in the face. One billionaire backer wrote a letter to Biden saying this: "Bad, bad, bad decision on all levels. Let's not forget that there are more Jewish voters who care about Israel than Muslim voters that care about Hamas."The only thing Israel and Hamas have in common is that they don't like Biden. Now, House Republicans are cooking up an impeachment because just like Democrats accuse Trump of doing, Biden withheld aid to an ally to help himself politically.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)REP. CORY MILLS (R-FL): I am going to go ahead and preface this by saying 98 percent of the language that is in my impeachment articles was actually drafted by Representative Jerry Nadler, who I hope will support this, given the fact that they set the precedents with their own words.But the reality is, is that when you're trying to withhold humanitarian or any type of congressional appropriated aid for the purpose of political gain, which he does look at political gains because he wants to win Michigan, he wants to pander to the radical left.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And after all of that, Israel's prime minister says he will do whatever he wants.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER: We will do what we have to do to protect our country and that means to protect our future.If Israel has to stand alone, we'll stand alone.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Biden loses votes every time Israel drops a bomb on Hamas. Joe is supposed to give the commencement address at a Historically Black College, Morehouse, just in a couple of weeks, but now the students are warning him don't come.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: About 50 people gathered here on the edge of Morehouse College's campus to protest President Joe Biden who is set to speak during the commencement later this month.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The general feeling on the ground is that we don't want him here. We already did not like Biden because of his policies when it comes to policing and mass incarceration and frankly, the issue on cop city and the genocide in Palestine are just the straw that broke the camel's back.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Everyone is focused on the Mideast and protests, but the border is still a huge issue. A group of House Democrats are begging Biden to do something about it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LILIA LUCIANO, CBS NEWS: We have breaking news now, 15 House Democrats are calling for President Biden to do something about the situation at the US- Mexico border.In a letter first obtained by CBS News, the group urges Biden to "immediately take further action to restore order at the southern border and fix our immigration system."(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It's not just Democrats, the media is also telling Biden to be more like Trump on the border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FAREED ZAKARIA, CNN HOST, "FAREED ZAKARIA GPS": The whole system is broken, and Biden needs to confront that and say, you know, we're going to have to reform the whole system. I would wish he'd do something much more extreme like say the old asylum system is dead. No one is coming in through that process.You have to apply from your home country --MARGARET HOOVER, PBS HOST, "THE FIRING LINE": Which was a Trump policy.ZAKARIA: And it's also the right policy because the old asylum system is being gamed by millions of people.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: If everyone is telling Biden to fix the border, he knows it'll help them in the polls, why doesn't he close it? Well, he doesn't want to keep out any new voters -- oops, I mean, citizens.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's even a bigger influx now in terms of Hispanic voters -- Hispanic citizens, who want to become citizens.(END AUDIO CLIP)WATTERS: Oh, that was Biden on Spanish radio, a little slip of the tongue. He just can't win.Today, Biden retreated to a safe space catching a flight to the West Coast to ask Big Tech execs for cash. No cameras allowed -- just Silicon Valley humanoids and their checkbooks.Joe can't hide forever. He's running for president, and it is an election year. He needs to show his face, but Biden's team is trying to minimize the damage. They can't let him get heckled at the biggest political event of the year, the DNC, they're trying to make the event virtual, like in 2020 when they had pre-recorded speeches.They say Joe will speak live and they're planning on having more people on Zoom instead of in person, which means a smaller chance he gets heckled. This will smother whatever sliver of excitement was left for the convention.Democrats were all for the Summer of Love in 2020 when it was hurting Trump but now that the mob turned on them, they are hiding in the bomb shelter.Outkick.com founder, Clay Travis joins me now.This is going to be an amazing DNC, protests outside and Zoom in the middle.CLAY TRAVIS, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Biden's done. I know we're sitting a little bit around six months from the election, but Jesse, they're trying Weekend at Bernie's 2. Do you remember that movie?WATTERS: Yes.TRAVIS: I've been making the analogy for a while now. Dead man, somehow they made a lot of money in Weekend at Bernie's 1, that was the 2020 campaign when they hid Biden, they can't do that again.And that's why I still find it unbelievable that they're going to actually run this guy. They're not able to let him walk to a helicopter by himself. He can't figure out how to manage the Israel-Arab conflict. He has, as you mentioned, in your open, turned off tons of Israeli voters, tons of Jewish voters.I don't understand, if you support Israel's right to exist as a country, and you are an American citizen and you are Jewish, I don't understand how in the world, you could possibly be voting for Joe Biden.And I think Trump is going to get the largest cadre of Jewish voters that we've ever seen, and I don't think Biden is adding Arab voters at all.This is going to be, I think the way things are going right now, such a mess by Memorial Day, that a lot of people as the official start of summer arrives in the Democratic Party, I think they're desperately hoping that they can shoot enough drugs in Joe to get him out on the road to be able to do a few events, and that he can cut into this lead by Memorial Day.But I don't think it's going to happen, Jesse, and I'm curious, do you buy in that you feel like there's a bait and switch coming? I just can't believe that they're really going to trot Biden out there and let him go head-to-head with Trump, let him debate him, it makes no sense.WATTERS: Yes, Vivek said it last night, he still is not convinced Biden is the nominee. He still thinks there could be a switcheroo at the convention in Chicago and if you look at the poll numbers, he hasn't bounced back. He's still underwater in every battle grounds.And the media is starting to turn a little bit. I can smell it. I have a great sense of smell and I can see, and I can smell, and I can hear the entire media industrial complex realizing they're going to run a loser.And so they're very powerful. How would that look if they pulled that though?TRAVIS: I think the only way it works, Jesse, and I've made this argument for a while, they can't elevate Kamala Harris --WATTERS: No.TRAVIS: Because Joe Biden is a disaster, but she is worse. But if they don't elevate her, then it's racist and sexist, because how does the Black woman not be the next person up?The only way I think they can pull this is they get Barack Obama on the phone, and they say it's time to pull in Michelle Obama. She's a Black woman. And guess what? That Black women actually like.They bring her out in Chicago, her hometown, they get a lot of enthusiasm and excitement, and they pull the bait and switch. I just really -- the more I think about it --WATTERS: Yes.TRAVIS: Democrats aren't crazy. They're not going to let Trump win all the battleground states. Maybe Minnesota, maybe Virginia. They're going to panic I think around Memorial Day. The fix is going to start to be in. Come August, I think they go Michelle Obama, I really do, otherwise Trump is going to have a huge win.WATTERS: People are talking about it and you can't have Trump run the table in the battlegrounds because that means Trump has a mandate.TRAVIS: Exactly.WATTERS: That means the dictator on day one has a mandate.TRAVIS: That's right.WATTERS: They could never allow that to happen, but there has got to be an event that happens. I either think it's going to be a fall or something with Hunter that he says, listen, I need to get my family together.Something -- there has to be a catalyst for the switcheroo or else you know, people's -- all of a sudden people are on vacation and they are just -- then he is just the nominee and it's just too late.WATTERS: Remember Hunter is going to get convicted probably, I believe the trial on the gun charge starts June 3rd.WATTERS: Is that a felony?TRAVIS: And he has got that West Coast trial.WATTERS: Is that a felony?TRAVIS: Yes, double felonies.WATTERS: Okay.TRAVIS: I think -- yep, I think he's going to get hit with East Coast felonies. I think he's going to get hit with West Coast felonies. It's like old school rap back in the days bringing east and west together, Hunter Biden.WATTERS: Right.TRAVIS: And I think what's going to happen is there's going to be so much pressure then on Biden to answer the question, are you going to pardon your son or not? And I think the answer is certainly he is. He is not going to let Hunter go to prison.And he's going to say, I've restored normalcy to the country. It's time to pass the baton to someone else. My son doesn't deserve to pay the prices because of my political decisions. That's going to be his out.I think you may also be right. We saw what happened at Air Force when he tripped over the sandbag there, he's going to fall. He almost fell on the short stairs that he is using on Air Force One, going around on the campaign trail, he's going to fall again, and it is going to be impossible to argue that he has the mental and physical ability to do the job.WATTERS: Right.TRAVIS: As we all know he does.WATTERS: And it is going to be hot this summer, and you know how people get when it's hot, and there's going to be lots of traveling, and it could happen at any moment.The Hunter thing is interesting, though, because he could pardon him in a lame duck situation, but he's also facing other charges.TRAVIS: That's correct, he could.WATTERS: He's facing other charges regarding taxation and it's a mess. There could be a few catalysts and we'll see how it shakes out.Have a great weekend, Clay Travis.TRAVIS: I will. I'm in the mountains here, Jesse, and you know, your show is very popular up here. But they told me that I dress better than you. I just left dinner to come here and they wanted to make that clear to you.I'm going to go back to my bottle of wine and I'm going to toast Trump being incredibly in the lead and me looking better in this jacket than you do in your jacket. Have a fabulous weekend.WATTERS: I don't know if -- I hope everybody heard that he's going back to his bottle of wine.TRAVIS: That is right.WATTERS: That had already been opened.TRAVIS: Only one glass in.WATTERS: Okay. Clay Travis --TRAVIS: Only one glass.WATTERS: Feeling good.TRAVIS: Appreciate it.WATTERS: Thank you.Fox News Alert: A terror loving teen who spraypainted "Gaza" on a Central Park World War One Memorial has been arrested. The 16-year-old who's a regular at Hamas rallies will have to sit the next few out, while he's handcuffed to a police bench.He is facing multiple charges.Porn star Ghostbusters, Italian vacations, and the transgender Usain Bolt, ahead on PRIMETIME.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Day 15 of the Trump trial where we still haven't learned what the crime is, but we are learning more about Stormy Daniels.Not only does she talk to dead people and thinks her house is haunted, she is also a ghost hunter.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STORMY DANIELS, ADULT FILM ACTRESS: Because I know firsthand that once these energies, spirits, ghosts, whatever it is find you, they will keep finding you.I do spell work for people, protection for people.I see dead people.So my idea behind Spooky Babes was so that nobody ever felt the way that I felt.There's a feeling that I get and a weird taste in my mouth. I know that sounds really strange.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Spooky Babes, the porn star Ghostbuster can trash talk Trump all she wants, but Trump has to zip his lips or he goes to the clink.Same thing with Michael Cohen. He's testifying Monday and he won't stop selling t-shirts and bad mouthing the defendant, but the judge won't gag him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: There is no gag order to Michael Cohen. What the judge did was amazing, actually. It was amazing.Everybody can say whatever they want. They can say whatever they want. But I'm not allowed to say anything about anybody.The many things mentioned against certain people and you know who they are, certain people, anything is even mentioned, he wants to put me in jail and that could happen one day and I'd be very proud to go to jail for our Constitution because what he's doing is so unconstitutional.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Even CNN admits Michael Cohen is a catastrophe.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELIE HONIG, CNN SENIOR LEGAL ANALYST: Here is what makes Michael Cohen so unusual, so unique. I've never seen a witness with bigger credibility problems than Michael Cohen.I've never seen a witness who's lied to Congress, who's lied in court, who's lied to the IRS, who's lied to the Southern District of New York, who lied to his banker. You know, the entire prosecution witness team has been lied to by Michael Cohen.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The media is starting to realize Biden is going to have to beat Trump fair and square without the lawfare.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RUHLE: It has been a rough few days for Jack Smith and Fani Willis.Mark, do you think we are going to see any progress here before the election and after the election? Do you think these trials are ever going to happen?MCKINNON: Well, I don't know. But I mean, the key question, is anything going to happen before the election? And I think the answer is no. The days of magical legal thinking are over. The cavalry is not coming.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Karoline Leavitt is the national press secretary for the Trump campaign.All right, Karoline, so you've been in court for most of these --KAROLINE LEAVITT, NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY FOR THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN: I have, unfortunately.WATTERS: --days, unfortunately for everybody, especially your boss. What is it like inside that room?LEAVITT: The courtroom itself is just as dirty and disgusting as the Democrats who are bringing this witch hunt forward. It really is a sad sight to watch, especially as you think about the fact that it's being used to prosecute the former president of the United States. I wouldn't let my worst enemy use the bathrooms in this place, never mind to President Trump.And when you're in the courtroom, you can really see the disdain that this highly partisan and political judge has for President Trump.He has no patience for the defense. He goes against every motion and objection that our team proposes, but he has all the patience and gratitude in the world for the prosecution, and it really is a stark contrast to watch.This judge is political. He is partisan. He is conflicted. And the whole case is a sham and it's shocking to watch him in person.WATTERS: You know who else was there? Judge Jeanine. Did you catch a glimpse of my co-host on "The Five"?LEAVITT: We sure did.WATTERS: Was she behaving herself in there? We were worried she was going to jump across and strangle Judge Merchan.LEAVITT: Well, it was a pleasant surprise to see someone like Judge Jeanine in the courtroom with the rest of the pews that are filled with the fake news that are typing away on their keyboards every time --WATTERS: Oh, that's ridiculous.LEAVITT: -- the details of this case are brought out.WATTERS: So, now everyone is gagged, apparently. We're looking into this gag order. It's even more extensive than we realized.LEAVITT: Yes.WATTERS: If you are the press secretary, national spokesperson for the Trump campaign, are you also not allowed to say what you want to say as an American?LEAVITT: Yes, that's exactly right.WATTERS: You're gagged.LEAVITT: I am gagged by this partisan Democrat judge and he purposely made the language in this gag order very vague. Not only does it of course, cover President Trump, but it also covers anyone who President Trump can direct orders to, which by nature is of course, our campaign, those that work for the president.So you have people involved in this case right now who are allowed to go on every cable talk show in America, they're allowed to go on TikTok, slander President Trump, lie about him, talk about the case. The president can't defend himself and our campaign can't defend him from those salacious and wrongful attacks either.That is why this is election interference. We're in the middle of an election, six months away, and we can't defend our boss.WATTERS: So you're saying if you say something against the gag order --LEAVITT: Yes.WATTERS: -- on JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME, Donald Trump could go to prison.LEAVITT: Yes, that's exactly right. If I want to say here --WATTERS: You know what? We are going to go to commercial.LEAVITT: Thankfully, I think I'm a disciplined spokesperson.WATTERS: All right, you're very disciplined, very disciplined, but know who's not disciplined is Mike Cohen selling merch. He's going to testify on Monday. Even CNN knows the guy is a joke. What should we expect?LEAVITT: More lies, I suppose.WATTERS: Are you allowed to say that?LEAVITT: Well, I just did. More lies and more days where the prosecution doesn't prove a crime and every single day we go in that courtroom and the prosecution, there is no crime. President Trump never committed one.He is completely innocent. They have a very hard time proving their case because they have no legal basis on the merits of the law and it's a complete waste of time. It's a tremendous waste of taxpayer resources.I feel bad for the people in this city who live here, who are paying for this. And I feel bad for the law enforcement who are forced to protect that courthouse every single day.This place should be used to prosecute real violent criminals like the migrants who are beating up police and are released and we are there every single day.WATTERS: Yes, Alvin Bragg, I think squeezed into a pew earlier and no one knows what he's up to. No one can figure it out.Karoline, thank you so much.LEAVITT: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Watch California explain how they lost $20 billion, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Fox News Alert: You're looking at a high speed chase near the border in Texas. A smuggler broke into our country then spotted the cops. First instinct was to turn around and floor it back to Mexico.One problem, the Rio Grande. Smuggler doesn't care. Boom. Drives the truck right into the river. That was on purpose.Texas DPS calls it a splashdown. It happens all the time.Criminals plunge their car to the river and then swim back to Mexico to evade police. And once they're on the other side, they're safe, and they can do it all again the next day.Sometimes the smugglers are on the phone with the cartel while running from cops. The cartel waits for them on the river with a raft and then paddles them back across the border.Think about what it's like to lose $100.00. Yeah, five twenties in your pocket, all of a sudden you can't find them. You look around, can't find it. It stinks. Can't find it anywhere. Dammit.Now imagine losing $20 billion. When you lose a hundo, no one notices. When you lose 20 bill, they do.That's what's happening in California this week where under Gavin Newsom's watch, the state's spent $20 billion over the last five years to combat homelessness and the number of homeless people increased.So when auditors asked to see where the money was spent, no one had any idea. It turns out the state's Homeless Council just threw money at homeless nonprofits, but didn't track how much or how the nonprofit spent it.So lawmakers demanded a hearing and it was a hot mess. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What's the money been spent on?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OSH is working on finalizing its half annual report and hope to have that published in short order.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why has it taken three years to get data if the system was implemented in 2021?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So HAS begun in 2021. It wasn't fully implemented until 2022. And --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Okay, that's still two years ago. So why is it taking? I mean, you you're the one that said your urgent. I don't know, maybe my sense of urgency is different from your sense of urgency.You can't tell us at all how many people we've helped?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: No, they can't. It is like a car accident. You don't want to look, but you can't stop. But how did it come to this?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And you're talking about what happened in those two years? A lot of that is grantees using a data system they've never used before, getting used to it, getting substantial technical assistance, us getting back bad data, needing to go have further conversations, and then needing to go work on cleaning up that data and getting into a place where it was -- it was more sensible(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So they lost $20 billion because of technical difficulties? All right, well, let's just put that aside for a second. When will they finally show us where the money went?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And we're going to get hopefully some user friendly report with all the data of rounds one through four?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Correct.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And when?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: In a few short weeks.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In a few short weeks. So before we vote on the budget?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I can't say with a definite date, I apologize.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How can you expect us to vote on something if we don't have any data?What you've got to do, you should walk to the supermarket with one of us on a Sunday. Then you can really, right, Supervisor Horvath, like come -- let's hit the Farmers Market together. You want to hear urgency? That's how you hear urgency.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: California needs to get it together.Emily Wilson, host of "Emily Saves America" joins me now.Emily, if you find any of that $20 billion, will you, at least let me know, please?EMILY WILSON, HOST, "EMILY SAVES AMERICA": Yes, the old technical difficulties when losing $20 million -- billion. Democrats are very good at two things, gaslighting everyone around them and funneling money back into their own pockets.I've looked into many of these complexes they're building, oh, by the way, it must be nice to be homeless in California. You get top real estate all the way to Santa Monica. You know how much they're spending on these units? From $837,000.00 a unit to a million dollars a unit to house one person.WATTERS: Wait a second. A million dollars to house one homeless guy? What does it have like five bedrooms?WILSON: Yes, I mean, it's funny because these people won't even touch on the fact that, oh, what about crime? How about the two women in Venice Canals who have their heads bashed in and one is on, I think critical -- is in critical condition still. They won't even touch it.They can never answer anything. That's the one thing, they can never answer a question. But I think it's time to audit. And I think it's time to, you know, let's be like, okay, well, where's this money? Let's show us, a million dollars a unit? This has to be a joke.WATTERS: Just to put it into context for everybody. The Democrats shut down the government because they didn't want to give Trump $20 billion for the wall. Now, the $20 billion would have built the wall, we would have had no open border -- case closed.How about another example? $20 billion is what we just gave Israel for weapons. Okay. $20 billion went to homeless and there's twice amount of homeless. Are they -- what are they doing? Are they having the homeless have sex and have homeless babies?WILSON: You know, what's even crazier? There was one woman, who is the, I believe she's like the head of the Homeless Department. I looked it up, you know how much her salary was?WATTERS: What?WILSON: It was between three and six hundred thousand dollars. Are you kidding me?WATTERS: Wow.WILSON: And for what? You're very bad at your job. It's never been worse. You know, what $20 billion could do? It could build jails and mental hospitals, which is what we need in California.WATTERS: All right, Emily. Good luck out there.WILSON: I will.WATTERS: And if you find a million dollar empty housing unit near Santa Monica, maybe squat because that could be a nice pad. Thank you.WILSON: I was going to say I'll be the first squatter there.Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: All right, last night, we told you about the Portland High School trans student, born a boy, claiming he's a girl. And now he beat out teen girls in varsity track.Well, just last night, he completed the Portland Interscholastic League Championship, and again, destroyed all the females in the 400 and 200 meters.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: We had to bleep the name. That wasn't parents cursing, but it could have been. And now he's headed to the Oregon State Championships taking the spot of a biological female.The same day that happened, Joe Biden hosted the WNBA Champions at the White House. Gave a speech on women's sports. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: It matters the girls and women are finally seeing themselves represented and it matters to all Americans. That's why as a nation we need to support women's sports.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The guy who says we need to support women's sports is allowing men to destroy it.Ahead, why are liberals so angry?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I have depression, anxiety disorder, and I'm confused about what gender I am. But you should definitely listen to me about how to fix this country.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Have you ever noticed that liberals seem really angry? Like all the time.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald J. Trump is now president of the United States?(PEOPLE screaming)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (Screams). Imagine that. (Screams). I hate this.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We do not debate fascists. (Bleep).(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: President Trump sees it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Has anyone ever noticed that there's just no happiness on the left? They're not happy. They're not happy people?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Well, it turns out there's science to back that up.For more than 50 years, studies have shown conservatives to be much happier than liberals and the media is finally ready to acknowledge it. "The New York Times" publishing this: "Those on the right are less likely to be angered or upset by social and economic inequities, believing that the system rewards those who work hard. Those on the left stand in opposition to each of these assessments of the social order, prompting frustration and discontent with the world around them."Unfortunately for you, it appears the liberals are only getting angrier and "The Times" suggest, it might have something to do with identity politics, citing one that says this: "Argue that recent events suggest that identity politics may correlate to a decrease in wellbeing, particularly among young progressives."It turns out getting upset about things you can't control is bad for your mental health. Instead of getting angry, try laughing instead. Maybe go out on a date, although it's kind of tough out there.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Dating in 2024.So have you always been a Christian? No, I used to be a Christina.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Liberal on a date.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Separate checks, please.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: John McEntee, founder of The Right Stuff joins me now.All right, McEntee I'm having you on because my daughter is 12. Sophia loves you. I don't know whether that's a good thing or a bad thing, but we're going to roll the dice.JOHN MCENTEE, FOUNDER, THE RIGHT STUFF: It's a great thing. It's a great thing.WATTERS: Tell me that you believe liberals are just so unhappy all the time.MCENTEE: I think most liberals are insecure people and they find meaning in adopting some made-up identity instead of just being themselves. You know, they replace faith in God with faith in the state, and instead of family being their focus, they focus on things like racial and social justice.But ultimately, that leads to a less fulfilling life and probably why they're so stressed out.WATTERS: And they can't handle the stress and even the slightest bit of resistance to anything they want makes them feel unsafe. Most people consider that feeling to be just a little uncomfortable, but they consider feeling uncomfortable with unsafe.MCENTEE: Yes, they're trying to internalize all of the world's problems and then project it onto everyone here. There are, you know, I don't know what's going on. They've tried to remove truth from comedy, from television, from academia. And ultimately, when you have a movement that's not based in truth, it just ends in disarray. And that's probably what we're seeing.WATTERS: Well, people are getting it together. That's not a book plug. It's true. We have someone who I know personally, Savannah from the LBI Book Swap. She wasn't very successful on the dating scene. She met me. She took a photo with me, she put her photo with me on your dating app, all right. And now she's engaged to be married.All right, we're very happy for her. If you want to find a date, just post a picture with Jesse Watters.MCENTEE: Amazing.WATTERS: And you will get a ring, ladies. It's true, though, John. I mean, people do tend to follow who they like. Tell us about the website.MCENTEE: Jesse, Jesse Watters is a cheat code if you're on The Right Stuff dating app.WATTERS: That's right.MCENTEE: You know, it's a dating app for conservatives. If you're looking for a normal traditional dating experience, and you're having no luck on the other apps, try ours. It's all good people looking to go out, have fun, build strong families, build strong communities, and ultimately a stronger country.WATTERS: All right, John, thank you so much. We're just looking for normal.MCENTEE: Thanks.WATTERS: It shouldn't be that hard.MCENTEE: That's it.WATTERS: Time for "Sink or Swim" sponsored by Prevagen.Tonight, it is Lisa Boothe versus Joe Concha who claims he is almost undefeated.LISA BOOTHE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It keeps him up at night. That one --WATTERS: That one loss because of a technicality.JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: That's correct.WATTERS: Only last a couple of years' sleep.Category is Schooled. Which Senator on Fox News said there are only two kinds of Gaza protesters -- terrorist sympathizers and dumbasses. Was it Fetterman or Lindsey Graham?Both toing with --BOOTHE: But I was first.CONCHA: I have Boba Fett here.WATTERS: Doesn't matter?BOOTHE: It doesn't matter?WATTERS: Doesn't matter Lisa.BOOTHE: Okay, I was trying to win.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): There's two classes of people here, there's dumbasses and there's terrorist sympathizers.(END VIDEO CLIP)CONCHA: Trick question.WATTERS: It was a little bit of a trick question.CONCHA: Yes, it was.WATTERS: Neither of you watched the show on Tuesday, it's fine. Try not to lose sleep over that.CONCHA: I was going to watch the DVR from over the weekend.WATTERS: That's the right answer.CONCHA: Thank you.WATTERS: All right, High Time is the category. Which former CNN star said that he prefers eating mushrooms instead of edibles. Was it Chris Cuomo or Don Lemon?BOOTHE: I don't really discuss it.CONCHA: I go with Lemon.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DON LEMON, JOURNALIST: There is some reason I can't really do edibles. I can't. I prefer my mushrooms.BOOTHE: Yes. Never goes well for me.WATTERS: Oh, man. Don Lemon on mushrooms.BOOTHE: All right.WATTERS: Stay away.CONCHA: I always thought he was on mushroom.BOOTHE: That's the shocker.WATTERS: Okay we have a one-point game. Joe's Got to Go. Which well-known Democrat Senator described these campus protesters as Biden's Vietnam. Was it Bernie Sanders or Liz Warren?Feeling the Bern, the both of you. Let's see.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): This maybe Biden's Vietnam.(END VIDEO CLIP)BOOTHE: I'm a complete loser.WATTERS: It is the last question.CONCHA: Yes.WATTERS: And this is a tricky one. Never Dumb Question. Every week on "Sink or Swim" one person sinks and the swims, but which famous Watters one T or two wondered if rabbits could swim? Was it Maxine? Or was it Jesse?CONCHA: Yes.WATTERS: Both going with Maxine, no relation.CONCHA: Yes.BOOTHE: You've got to put that in there.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CO-HOST, "THE FIVE": You thought the rabbit would float?(END VIDEO CLIP)CONCHA: Oh, no. Let's find out in the break. Can they swim?WATTERS: I don't know.CONCHA: You don't know.BOOTHE: Let's not find out. It could go really bad for all of us.WATTERS: You're a rabbit. All right, well, we did find out that Joe Concha still is on a hot streak.CONCHA: One hole, answer right.WATTERS: We'll take it.BOOTHE: This is deeply disappointing.CONCHA: I'm Concha and this is my county.WATTERS: Okay, Concha. Get out of here.CONCHA: All right, I'm done.WATTERS: You're doing so well.CONCHA: I know. Sorry.WATTERS: I'm going to subtract a point now.BOOTHE: Yes.CONCHA: Congrats on the book, by the way. It's number one now.WATTERS: Thank you very much. Oh, now, he's back. Now he's back in one fair and square. Here's your hat.CONCHA: Thank you.WATTERS: Lisa --CONCHA: I have seven of them.BOOTHE: Oh.CONCHA: You can have it. It's okay.BOOTHE: I don't want to consolation price.CONCHA: It looks good on you.WATTERS: It's a participation trophy.BOOTHE: Oh, loser. Participation trophy.WATTERS: Thank you, Joe.CONCHA: Thank you.BOOTHE: What are you going to do?WATTERS: Another PRIMETIME victory. We found a politician on another foreign junket with your money.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Unless you're Nancy Pelosi, you don't go into politics to make money. You do it for power, and more importantly, you do it for the perks.Politicians go on fancy trips to faraway places all the time. Lori Lightfoot went to London in Paris in 2022 to tout Chicago's economy. Gavin Newsom just marveled at the Chinese birds and then physically assaulted a little Chinese kid playing basketball.And last month, DC Mayor Muriel Bowser took a private jet to the Masters for a taxpayer funded sports and economic development trip.And now New York Mayor Eric Adams is on a Roman holiday sponsored by a group called Fondazione Fratelli tutti.Why? To fight climate change and the migrant crisis, of course.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: First of all and most important thing, let's go Knicks. Let's win it.I am headed to Italy, part of an overall finding our common grounds, how we deal with migrants and asylum seekers. How we deal with affordable housing, our economy, sustainability, just some important issues and the most significant moment for me is the opportunity to meet our Holy Father, the Pope, His Holiness, and this is a start of the journey.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Well while he's there, maybe Bob the Builder can find out what triggered the fall of the Roman Empire and let us know.Happy preemptive Mother's Day and Bailey Watters, there we are you. I love you so much. Sometimes it may not seem like it and sometimes it may not seem like you love me. But everybody loves you. You're a great mom. Great wife. Great everything. Happy Mother's Day.Let's do some texts.Rich from Orange Park, Florida: Forget the debates, let Trump and Biden play 18 for the presidency.That's not fair.Ray from Charlotte, North Carolina: Do you honestly think Michelle Obama would give up her millionaire low stress lifestyle to return to the White House? Come on.Small chance.Sara from North Carolina: Did Clay Travis just say he was up in the hills? Please don't tell Maxine Waters. She was right.Man, I think he's plotting more of another bottle of wine than an insurrection.Carol from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Stormy Daniels, if you're listening, please ask Uncle Bosie exactly what happened in New Guinea.Oh, the porn star Ghostbuster.Mary from Wisconsin: Maybe those new 87,000 IRS agents can find California's missing $20 billion.They do have guns.Ken from Somerdale, New Jersey: I got fired when I was a kid for coming up $18;00 short at the end of the night pumping gas. These clowns in Cali lose $20 billion and nobody gets fired.Listen, it was a technical difficulty they were experiencing. It happens.Bob from Chico, California: Jimmy Carter was once attacked by a swimming rabbit. They swim.Can rabbits doggy paddle? That is a great question.Koos from Hazleton, Pennsylvania: When are you going on "The View"?Wait -- Kathleen from Pennsylvania says you're always talking with your hands. Are you Italian?You like that spicy -- I am not going to do it.I'm Watters and this is my world.