BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Class from the U.S. Naval academy. Go get them guys and women. The Ingraham Angle starts after this.KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Kayleigh McEnany in for Laura Ingraham and this is a special edition of The Ingraham Angle from New York City tonight. What we saw last night should have solidified the message that Democrats shouldn't just be scared, they should be terrified. The Bronx is supposed to be a major Democrat stronghold. Remember Biden got 84.4 percent of the vote and yet thousands flocked to see one man, Donald J. Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I believe that we can win New York state, we have levels of support that nobody has seen before. I mean, look at this. Our country is going to be very successful, and people are going to come together.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He has the guts to come and show that he's not afraid. He's not afraid to come to a democratic area and it shows that he's here for us.TRUMP: We must work together as a team to win. You are proud patriots. You love this. You love this city. You love this state, and you love our country. You live in a blue city, but it's going red very, very quickly.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Can you imagine Biden getting a crowd like that anywhere, anywhere in the country? I couldn't. The city is changing. But Democrats are desperately trying to claim otherwise.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): New York City is blue, Brooklyn is brew --Brooklyn is blue, Queens is blue, the Bronx is blue. And he's got nowhere to go. He's broke busing people in order to get those donations so that he can funnel them to his legal fees, kind of his business right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: So, Trump was busing people into the Bronx. That's what AOC told us. Well, she probably didn't expect to get factcheck from none other than CNN.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Certainly, a bigger crowd than I think Democrats would like to see particularly given this as one of the bluest counties in the entire country. And I've gone to a lot of these rallies across the country, and they're often people who travel hundreds of miles to see Donald Trump and they're not necessarily part of the community. However, one of the things that I found was that there were a lot of people here that were actually from the Bronx.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: That was a little hard to hear her, the YMCA music was admittedly loud. Maybe we'd rather listen to that than the CNN reporter, but she said no, there were Bronx residents there. There were thousands. And look, we're seeing this all across the country. We're seeing this in blue states. We're seeing this in swing states. In fact, Trump isn't just -- Trump isn't just winning this traditional swing states.A New Hampshire Journal poll shows that the race is a statistical tie. That was a state carried by Biden by more than seven points in 2020. Of course, we're speaking of New Hampshire. And Virginia, several polls have shown a tight sometimes margin of error race, despite Biden carrying the state by double-digits in 2020.Trump is putting new states in play, but he's doing something far bigger than picking off a state here there. No, Trump is remaking the Republican Party. He's creating a diverse, thriving, robust political movement that's narrowing the map for Joe Biden. It's the rust belt or bust.That's what Steve Shepard of Politico wrote, while polls broadly show Biden continuing to fall behind, former President Donald Trump in swing states across the country. Listen to this, he writes, they consistently show the older whiter states of Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, as the most competitive for Biden. Trump, meanwhile, has larger leads in the rust belt states in large part, owing to Biden's loss of support with young voters and listen to this, voters of color.In Nevada, a state that a Republican presidential candidate has not won in almost 20 years. Trump leads by 5.3 percent on average. And in Arizona, Trump has a healthy 4.1 percent advantage. These leads are fueled by voters of color, joining the Trump movement and sometimes even lifelong Democrats.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You used to vote Democrat this year that's going to change.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It is. I think that the cost of living has spiraled out of control. I don't see Biden doing anything about it. And also, there's an influx at the border that needs to be dealt with and I think that Trump is the man to do it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Anti-Trump people in my neighborhood are coming to vote for Donald Trump because they believe in economic success, and they believe in lowering crime.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Last time around you voted for Joe Biden, this time around, you're going to vote for Donald Trump. Why?ANDRE DRAYTON, FORMER DEMOCRAT SUPPORTING TRUMP: Absolutely, because Donald Trump already showed me that he understands our problems, he understands what the country needs, he has the heart to do it.REV. RUBEN DIAZ SR., FORMER DEMOCRATIC NYC COUNCIL MEMBER: Please I said, these Democrat, these black Puerto Rican, this I said in my endorsement for you as the president. Thank you very much.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Joining me now is two of the men you just saw, Reverend Ruben Diaz Sr. former New York City Council member representing the South Bronx Andre Drayton, Bronx resident. Both are longtime Democrats who are now supporting Trump.Reverend Diaz, you have a new fan. Her name is my mother. She said, she recognized your kind and gentle spirit. And she talked about you a lot last night when we were on the phone. I was just amazed by what you had to say. And I want to know, you know, lifelong Democrat, elected official no less for decades. What was the moment you said, I can't do this anymore?DIAZ: Well, you know, I have been, for years already have been feeling the pain, feeling -- feeling the abandonment, in which the Democratic Party has put off. But then there was no Republican, no Republican that decided to come to the Bronx and pay attention to us. But Donald Trump has done it in such a way that you -- anything -- I never imagined myself, I never imagined the thing that I'm seeing in the Bronx street, when I walk the streets, taxi drivers, car, I mean, people, senior citizen, everybody are moving to Trump. And I'm so excited.By the way, last week, last week, I was in this program. And Laura Ingraham asked me a question. And she asked me, the rally that's going to happen from one to 10. What number will you give, Reverend?MCENANY: You said 12.DIAZ: I'm giving 11.MCENANY: Oh, 11.DIAZ: I said I'm giving 11. But I made a mistake, I made a mistake. It was 15.MCENANY: 15. Well, that's pretty high. And I would have to agree with you on that. Andre, I was reading what you sent to our producers and one of the things I saw, it was a statement you said, I became a Republican as of yesterday. 5/23/24. What happened yesterday?DRAYTON: Well, basically, I was going to make the change, I was already fed up. But I don't play around and when I make up my mind, and I've done my research very well, very extensively, I'm well-versed on what's going on. I don't need to just, you know, wait and procrastinate things of that nature. And I saw the voting tables. And I said, let's just get this out the way and move forward.MCENANY: So, they were registering people there yesterday.DRAYTON: There were registering people.MCENANY: Great.DRAYTON: But I was a registered Democrat.MCENANY: Wow.DRAYTON: And I just said, how do I do this? How do I just change this and take the whole democratic thing out of the picture? I'm a Republican right now. Just walk me through it and it was real simple and that's what I did. And that's what I felt. And I'll never have any regrets. I understand.MCENANY: Well, welcome to the party. Welcome to the movement.DRAYTON: Thank you.MCENANY: Look, there is this conspiracy theory. And I want to play it for you, Reverend Diaz, this is MSNBC and here's their thoughts about what happened yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC ANCHOR: The Bronx which both has Hispanic and black majority might seem like an odd choice for a man who echoes Hitler on immigration.CHARLES BLOW, MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST: The audience is not the Bronx, what he's trying to do is just signal to other people. Signal to people in swing states who are white, who don't want to be thought of as voting for racist to soften the ground there.REID: That's right.BLOW: Say, well, maybe not such a racist.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: I mean, Reverend, so this crowd wasn't the Bronx, you've represented the Bronx. What did you see?DIAZ: Those tactics that the Democratic use to scare us, and to -- some time to shameful, even the governor on the -- they said that we were clown. Last week, she said that the young black guys in the -- from the Bronx, they were stupid, practically. But she said that they don't even know what the word computer means. So that's what they do to us. And they -- and they was -- when someone like Donald Trump come to us and show respect and give us the knowledge where we really are and try to bring us up. That's what they do. That's what they do. But we are learning, and it is not working anymore.MCENANY: Andre as a new Republican. What do you think when you hear your governor say that the people at the rally were clownsDRAYTON: I think it's very disrespectful and I think that they tried to use the race card to divide us, to make us see it as a racial thing. But the country is, you know, just so much in disarray, that you have to think American. You're missing the whole point. We're American.MCENANY: Yes.DRAYTON: And, you know, that was one of the tipping points for me when this illegal immigration thing came into play. They just forgetting we are American. I've never been out the country a day in my life.MCENANY: Yes, we are Americans. That is such a beautiful sentiment. Andre, so impressed with everything you've had to say. Reverend Diaz, not only are we Americans, we're brothers and sisters in Christ.DRAYTON: Absolutely.MCENANY: I know that. So, thank you both for being here.DRAYTON: Thank you.MCENANY: All right. Well, now that Trump went to the South Bronx, we think it's time for him to continue the angles 50 state strategy, no city, no state left behind. And we want him to head to other blue areas like Chicago. Joining me now is P Rae Easley, ChicagoRed Chair, and founder and lifelong Chicago resident. P Rae, welcome. I was reading what you had to say earlier, and you said, Trump will be greeted like a king in Chicago. Tell me about the reception for Trump, should he come?P RAE EASLEY, CHAIR AND FOUNDER, CHICAGORED: Absolutely. We are going to show him lots of hospitality. He is the only person who has ever tried to save us from this liberal failure and chaos that's impacting every facet of our lives. And we're going to give him a hero's welcome. And we cannot wait until he gets here. Everybody is saying, when Trump comes, we're going to go outside to make sure that he knows that we support him.MCENANY: P Rae, I want to play for you remarks by our current president, listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Most of all, what does it mean? As we've heard before, to be a black man who loves his country, even if it doesn't love him back in equal measure.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: That's pretty different. You know, Trump said, here's what we're going to do. Here's our vision for the future, it was empowering. That seems to me very dark and dim.EASLEY: Well, this is why we called him Jim Crow Joe. He has been in Congress. He's been in the executive branch. He's been a leader in the American government for over 50 years. So, if he's aware of the fact that citizens feel like the country hates them, why hasn't he implemented any initiatives, any programs, any anything to change those sentiments because it's him who feels that way and we're going to get away from the last living Dixiecrat named Joseph Robinette Biden, that's just who he is. I'm not surprised by anything racist that he says,MCENANY: You know, what is the single biggest issue you are seeing that's causing this change? Because it's remarkable. I mean, if Trump wins 23 percent of the black vote, which is what he has in New York Times Siena, that is more than any Republican presidential candidate has gotten since the Civil Rights Act of 1964. What is it? Is it the economy? Is it more than that? Tell us.EASLEY: it's the illegals, the invasion is just too disrespectful. They're taking money that is supposed to go to rehab and giving it to the illegals. They took the school buses from our American children and only made the illegals eligible for it, because it was for unhoused people. We have now in the city of Chicago, that citizens are actually losing their housing because the illegals are coming with a housing stipend that's more than what they're paying for rent. So, landlords aren't renewing leases.So, they're taking the illegals out of the shelters to put them in the homes that they're taking the Americans out of to put the Americans in the shelters. We cannot accept this. And so, because he's saying that he's going to have the largest deportation program in American history. As soon as he takes his hand off the Bible at the inauguration, we're going to be calling ICE for them to come do their job. We want ICE in Chicago, and Donald Trump is the only person who can bring them to us.MCENANY: P Rae, love the hat. Love everything you have to say.EASLEY: Thank you.MCENANY: Have a great weekend.EASLEY: You as well.MCENANY: Thank you. A border warning straight from the mouth of an illegal immigrant. Congresswoman Anna Paulina Luna reacts, that's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Well, guess who's starting to worry about Biden's open border policies. The illegals.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In fact, the American people is right, completely true. Who come into this country? They don't know whether OK, I'm good, but how if they're not good, how if they are killer, psychopath, else. No guarantee of that. Why, like no security, no security check, no background check.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: No security check. No background check. You're worrying about who's crossing the border?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, yes. Of course, maybe to have some like people are not normal.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Well, you know, things are bad when even those crossing our border illegally are shocked by the lack of security. Joining us now is Florida Congresswoman Anna Paulina Luna. Congressman Luna, what do you think, what do you hear that migrant worried about the illegal immigrant who looks frightening?REP. ANNA PAULINA LUNA (R-FL): Unfortunately, Kayleigh, it's a lot worse than the American people are being told by this administration. Just to put in perspective, Kayleigh, in April of this year, there was a known terrorists that was released into the U.S. country in Texas actually that had been responsible and tied to a group that had killed nine soldiers in Afghanistan. And the fact is, is that this is not the first time that it's occurred. But you know, I do believe that this administration knows what they're doing. And frankly, it's almost like they want something to happen.MCENANY: It's crazy to think about, you know, Congresswoman Luna, Biden continues to blame you and congressional Republicans for not passing the so-called bipartisan bill. But here's what I find curious. You know, I was in the press shop, and I know, as press secretary, oftentimes, you'll put out a headline on what you're thinking about doing as an administration. So, I like to see what they're thinking about. And here's what we find. Let's pull this up.These are the headlines all the times they have floated to different outlets that they are considering executive action. There you have CNN politics, Politico, most recently NBC, this is going back to February. So, they continue to blame you, while telling the press, we might be taking executive action. How can both of these things be true?LUNA: Well, the fact is it's a lie, in fact, Congress actually passed up a very strong border security measure, and it's really sitting in the Senate, because the Senate told us, Democrat Senate controlled, mind you, that they would actually pass border security unless there's mass amnesty. And as you know, Kayleigh, we can't afford to do that.In fact, currently, there's over 22 million illegals in this country. And so, the fact is, Kayleigh is, not only are they missing the point in that. This administration has intentionally tried to create these illegals coming here as just Hispanic, you have Congresswoman like Debbie Wasserman Schultz saying that if we don't allow these illegals to come here, who's going to pick the crops and the fact is, is that these people that are coming here are not just Hispanic, they're on the terrorist watchlists, and they want to hurt Americans.So, the Biden administration is doing this to pander, it's going to backfire. And that's exactly why you're seeing those voters, new voters from the Democrat party coming over to the Republican side for this election year.MCENANY: No doubt about it. Well said, Congresswoman, thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: On day one, we're going to throw out Bidenomics and going to replace it with MAGAnomics like your hats, MAGAnomics.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: MAGAnomics has a ring to it, as Trump promises to make our economy great again. AOC is claiming on Spectrum News, New York One that Trump will actually make it worse.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OCASIO-CORTEZ: The former president met with oil executives last week saying hey, you give me a billion dollars and I'll make sure that you get the policies that are favorable to raising gas prices, and making sure that that a lot of these companies continue to price gouge. The idea that he'd be bringing those down, when he's cashing in from the same folks that are bringing those prices up, I think is a little bit suspect.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: She needs to be educated. Has she forgotten what gas prices were like under the Trump administration? Apparently so, or the record high that they had under Biden. They weren't $5. That was the high. Joining us now is North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum. Governor Burgum, I'm going to put up a chart for you, because apparently AOC needs to see this. This was gas pricing under Trump versus under Biden. And what you see is a low with Trump. It was around $2 and then with Biden, it hits a $5 record high. I think voters know this because they pay their gas bills.GOV. DOUG BURGUM (R-ND): Well, yes, they sure do. And I just have to say what the clip you showed from AOC. I was in that room when President Trump was having meeting with these business leaders that are job creators, that are investing in the future of our America and that what she said is just not true. These are the people that risk capital and create jobs and they've done everything to bring America back to be energy independent under President Trump.Without them, we'd be in a world of hurt. But under Joe Biden with his policies, they're not only driving inflation. I mean, here we are heading into the Memorial Day weekend. Gas prices are high, food prices are high. Rent is high. Electricity is high. That's another energy cost. Interest rates are high.All of this are because of Biden's policies. And under President Trump. I mean, we had just exactly the opposite. So, Bidenomics fails, it works for no one. MAGAnomics lifts up everybody. And that's why you're seeing working families who care about this country and blue states rushing to support President Trump.MCENANY: Governor, my friends who are really credentialed conservatives and you know, they exist in conservative thought, they've experienced it their whole life. They believed in it. You're one of the names they often bring forward as a great vice-presidential pick. Is that something you'd be interested in?BURGUM: Well, I think the thing we got to pay focus -- attention to right now is getting President Trump elected. You see President Trump is -- I don't see he almost doesn't need a running mate. He's winning across every demographic. And he's winning for all the right reasons, because he's helping make sure the American dream comes true. Joe Biden is killing the American dream with his policies.And in further, Joe Biden is also not only raising the price of energy at home with those policies. He's funding both sides of two wars. He's funding -- Iran and Russia are funding their wars against us with what they're making on the energy displacement elsewhere. So, like a lot of other folks that are out campaigning for President Trump, we're doing that because we've got to get him in the White House. That's the thing that's most important right now.MCENANY: Governor, here's something that voters, viewers might not know about you. I'm going to pull it up. It's an Associated Press headline, census, North Dakota's oil Counties, Cities see big growth, and they cite McKenzie County, fastest growing county in the nation, because the oil industry fueled population growth. So, tell us about this nexus when Trump says I'll bring down inflation by drilling. I'll make our country better by drilling. It seems like you're a microcosm for that in North Dakota.BURGUM: Well, absolutely, Kayleigh, and we've -- just a few weeks ago, North Dakota was named, we have the highest GDP growth in any state in the nation right now.MCENANY: Wow.BURGUM: McKenzie County is a great example. But our population is getting younger, our families are growing. And with that prosperity, all the things we're clicking on in our state, whether it's great schools, or whether it's the things we're able to provide for families and safe communities. So that's why -- that's why they -- and this is what the whole country could be doing what North Dakota is, but understand, we'd be doing even better, if not Joe Biden, under Joe Biden production in North Dakota is down, production in Iran in Russia and Venezuela is up.Joe Biden's energy policies that are empowering the dictators in the regimes that are literally fighting the wars against us. And of course, through all of that it helps China because China is the most energy dependent country in the world, they import more energy than anybody else in the world. The Biden administration goes to China, and they don't talk - - they don't talk about the walking softly with the big stick, which is energy and food policy. That's what we could be doing to negotiate with China.instead, they're over there talking about climate agreements. And that's not -- that's not the existential crisis for America.MCENANY: No, it's not. Governor Burgum, thank you very much. All right, a polling guru says Biden needs to do one thing, just one thing to help Democrats before the election. Drop out, the details next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Hunter Biden was back in court today. And Fox Senior National Correspondent Kevin Corke is here with all the details. Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Kayleigh. Hunter Biden appearing in a court in his hometown of Wilmington, Delaware, today. As you know, he is on trial for a federal gun charge. And today, his lawyers asked the court to block prosecutors from discussing certain evidence.And here's what happened. Judge Maryellen Noreika ruled that prosecutors on special counsel David Weiss's team cannot, repeat, cannot use some salacious evidence in the first son's criminal trial next month, including references to his U.S. Navy discharge, cocaine-related perhaps? And the child support case for his out-of-wedlock daughter in Arkansas.Fox News has previously reported that prosecutors plan to use portions of his book and his laptop, including photos, to convince a jury that the first son is guilty of making false statements on a federal form when he bought a revolver back in 2018, while actively using narcotics.Judge Noreika says that Weiss's team has to show that Hunter Biden was addicted to drugs, but not necessarily using drugs the day he bought that gun. For his part, Hunter Biden has pleaded not guilty to the charges.Jury selection, Kayleigh, begins on June the 3rd. We'll be watching it very carefully, but for now, back to you.MCENANY: And they could use information from the laptop. I thought the laptop was Russian disinformation.CORKE: Fifty-one people said it wasn't real. Apparently, it's real.MCENANY: Staying a lot of egg on a lot of faces in the media. Kevin, thanks.CORKE: You bet.MCENANY: Well, President Biden yesterday held a rare press conference with the president of Kenya. It did not go well.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: You know, the African continent will have a billion people not too soon. First question, Michael Wilner.UNKNOWN: Two questions, if I may on --BIDEN: No, one.UNKNOWN: Does the United States --BIDEN: One question. I'll answer your question.UNKNOWN: OK.BIDEN: OK, next. Do I ask the next question as well?UNKNOWN: Mr. President, could you tell me what the African Union is doing when it comes to the humanitarian crisis in the Congo?BIDEN: What was my question?UNKNOWN: Can the United States and Kenya break the backs of this coordinated militia that has the grips of the nation?UNKNOWN: Yes.UNKNOWN: Is that it? Let me ask Nancy Guto.(CROSSTALK)BIDEN: Whoa.UNKNOWN: This concludes the press conference. Thanks, everybody.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Two questions. No, one. I wish I could have pulled that one with Jim Acosta. Biden struggles continue in the polls as well. A new Bloomberg News morning consult survey found Trump is leading Biden across the multiple key swing states.Things are so bad for the president that polling guru Nate Silver is now urging Joe to step aside. And if he doesn't, then Democrats should dump him.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Democrats might be better off replacing Joe Biden on the ticket. If you were really as concerned about defeating Donald Trump as Democrats claim they are, then you should be doing everything in your power to maximize the chance that you win.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Joining me now is Sean Duffy, co-host of FBN's The Bottom Line. And Sean Davis, co-founder and CEO of The Federalist. Two Sean, so we're going to go with Duffy and Davis instead.Duffy, let's start with you. I mean, you are in Congress. Did you ever have your press secretary like shouting you down, fearful of what you would say next?SEAN DUFFY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I did not have that happen to me. I think this was a first. But I think you played the clip from Nate Silver. And I think what Nate Silver said out loud is what all the Democrat leadership is saying behind closed doors. They're concerned.You put out the polling. Joe Biden is losing or tied in all of the swing states. And there's nothing to make changes that are going to make the polling, I think, any better. And so, the question becomes, how do they turn this around?We're talking about this debate at the end of June, Joe Biden, Donald Trump. And the question becomes, with that Kenyan interview, why on earth would Joe Biden agree to a debate? He can't even do a press conference with the Kenyan president, let alone an hour and a half with Donald Trump.I think what's happening is Joe Biden thinks that he needs to solidify his base by having a good performance. It's risky, but I think that's what he's trying to do. Otherwise, it makes no sense.MCENANY: I think you're right. And while Joe Biden is trying to solidify his base, you have Donald Trump reaching out to all these different constituencies. It's not just the Bronx. He's going to be at the Libertarian Convention this weekend.And then listen to him. This is News 12's Tara Rosenblum. She asked him about Nikki Haley. Think about the suburban women, the independent voter. Here's what he had to say about if she could be in the next administration.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Is there room for her on your team or better yet, your ticket?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, I think she's going to be on our team because we have a lot of the same ideas, the same thoughts. I appreciated what she said.You know, we had a nasty campaign. It was pretty nasty. But she's a very capable person, and I'm sure she's going to be on our team in some form. Absolutely.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Sean Davis, he's reaching out to a lot of people.SEAN DAVIS, THE FEDERALIST CEO AND CO-FOUNDER: He is. And I think he has to. And I think this is part of him building that multiracial coalition that he actually did a fabulous job of doing in 2020. You know, he gets knocked from the left for only being the president for angry white people. But if you looked at that rally in the Bronx, he had black, brown, white, everything.I think what draws people to Trump and away from Biden and the Democrats is they remember what life was like in 2019. They remember how their bank accounts look. They remember what the stock market looked like.And the big problem for Joe Biden isn't so much Joe Biden, because his policies are no different than the Democrat Party's policies as a whole. Their problem is that their policies are destroying the country.And it doesn't matter whether it's Joe Biden or Gavin Newsom or Kamala Harris. They all believe the same things. And they're things that are making the country worse off and making people poorer.MCENANY: Sean, there is a moment that I really caught on to last night. You know, Trump staring down a heinously unfair court case that should have never been brought. Novel legal theory never been brought before for a federal election.Last night, when the crowd chanted, lock her up, referring to Hillary, look at how Trump handled it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I hate the concept. I said we have to get on with our country. We have to win against Russia. We have to win against China.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: He hates the concept.DUFFY: You know what? There was chance all over in 2016 about lock her up. It's not about what the chance were. It's what did Donald Trump do once he was elected, which was nothing. He said, you know what? That's bad for the country. I want to look forward and make this country great for the American people. And I think he was right to pivot to issues that matter to every single American.What's interesting about Donald Trump is he's not bound by Republican ideology or Democrat ideology. He looks and says, what is going to -- what policy is going to be best for the American people? Sometimes he makes Democrats, Republicans mad.We're not a party of tariffs. We're free traders. He's like, you know what? Free trade has to be fair trade. I'm going to put tariffs on China unless they get fair with us.And Republicans, the hard-cores got pretty angry. But the American people loved it. And he was fighting for factories and jobs and commerce in this country, which, again, you do that as a president, you are going to get great results, black, brown, white all across America.MCENANY: We're seeing that. And Sean Davis on this notion of the VP, it was interesting for the second time, Trump said he would name the vice president during the convention.So, I love that. It's unconventional. It's exciting. I want to put up a poll, though. Harvard polled various vice-presidential selections and how they would affect a Trump ticket. And the results were quite interesting. Look at this.So, you have Tim Scott adding six points to the Trump ticket. Every other person either breaks even or detracts a little. What do you make of that?DAVIS: I think it's a little hard to tell now, and a little hard to poll now because a lot of these people who are being polled, they don't have great name ID. They don't have great name recognition. And the truth is, people don't know a whole lot about them. They're going to vote about who's at the top of the ticket.I'll tell you, for my part, I love Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I think she'd be a spectacular pick for him. Great governor, female, understands Washington. I think she'd be great.But I think looking at polls at this point on VPs is probably a little too soon to figure out how people are going to react.MCENANY: We would be blessed to have someone like Sarah Huckabee Sanders in that spot. Sean Squared, thank you. All right, a top medical school is now graduating unprepared. Failing woke doctors. The details, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)UNKNOWN: Live in Biden's America.MCENANY: A shocking new report reveals nearly half of UCLA medical students are failing basic tests of medical competency. That's reassuring. According to the Washington Free Beacon, whistleblowers at the school say the focus on DEI is leaving students, quote, "grossly unprepared," and they warn it could have life or death consequences.Listen to this. One professor said that a student in the operating room could not identify a major artery when asked, then berated the professor for putting her on the spot. Meanwhile, another said that the student at the end of their clinical rotations didn't know basic lab tests and in some cases are unable to present patients. Wow.The school denies there's trouble, telling The Angle, quote, "students and faculty members are held to the highest standards of academic excellence and that students are admitted based on merit and a process consistent with state and federal law."Joining me now is Dr. Marc Siegel, Fox News medical contributor. Dr. Siegel, this is alarming. This is based on, I think, it was six sources. So, this isn't just one person talking to The Beacon. It's a lot of people.DR. MARC SIEGEL, FOX NEWS MEDICAL CONTRIBUTOR: And admissions people don't usually talk. And the state of California has a law against admitting people on the basis of race to schools. This is even before the Supreme Court's decision on affirmative action.But look what we're talking about here. Medical school is extremely difficult. I can attest to that. It's about empathy. It's about a tremendous knowledge source. It's about learning to use your hands in a certain way really, really carefully.Obviously, if you're going to operate inside someone's brain someday, you've got to be the best. We use the analogy of landing a plane. This is so much more difficult than landing a plane.You, Kaylee, can personally attest to that. Did you ever think what's the color of the skin of the doctor that helps save your life? No. Patients never think that. Patients never say, get me a brain surgeon who's this or that. I mean, that's not how you decide.And we have to have the empathy for all. We learned that the first day of medical school, to take care of everyone. So, it shouldn't be that somebody's excluded or included based on their race, based on their gender. There should be a broad amount of people involved, of course, but we've reached that point already.But it's a meritocracy. It's about having the skills and having the ability to learn the skills. It's really, really difficult. We need the best and the brightest.MCENANY: The best and the brightest, regardless of race, ethnicity, the best and the brightest. I do want to get to this because this just happened. This was at the Libertarian Convention. It has to do with RFK Jr.He had previously come under fire because the New York Times had found some information that he had previously talked about an injury caused by a worm that got into my brain and ate a portion of it and then died.A lot of experts' question that. Tonight, he made light of it. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There's always a reason why. Right now, the rights are an inconvenience that we can't afford. And most recently, it was the COVID pandemic. Maybe a brain worm ate that part of my memory.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Smart to make light of it, but is that a real thing?SIEGEL: Well, it is a real thing, but I don't know if it's smart to make light of it. Listen, he was in India in a place where this is endemic, probably Cysticercosis, which is tapeworm eggs and it hurts and kills a lot of people, but it doesn't eat your brain. It causes an inflammation that causes seizures.It's number one cause of seizures in that part of the world. He may have had that. It may have been treated. It may be true. But I don't think it ate a part of his brain. Although some people listening to him may think that, the way he talks.I mean, he says his voice came from vaccine injury. I mean, he says a lot of stuff that may not be correct medical information. I think it's entertaining, but I don't think -- I think it's misinformation on that point. I don't think anything ate his brain.MCENANY: Well, when he said you can have abortion up until the moment of birth, and then he had to walk that back. I was convinced something ate his brain.SIEGEL: And that was a part of the brain, right. When he said that, he didn't -- right. He's getting more like Biden now.MCENANY: Yes. And his voice, of course, is separate. That's a neurological condition. So, we'll leave that there. Dr. Siegel, you're the best. Thank you.SIEGEL: Good to see you.MCENANY: All right. Up next, the worst media offenders of the week. The tape you do not want to miss, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: I know you've been waiting for this. It's the return of Worst in Media. Joining me now are two of the best. Lisa Boothe, Fox News contributor. And Kaylee McGhee White, Blankley Fellow at the Steamboat Institute.So, let's start with the crazy media's new obsession over the flags that Justice Alito chooses to fly. New York Times reported that the justice flew an Appeal to Heaven flag at his beach house. Media went crazy. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The court is in an absolute ethics crisis. An apparent opinion siding with the far-right activists.UNKNOWN: He is a lawless individual, a clear Christian nationalist, and now a dual insurrection flag flyer.UNKNOWN: He has, of course, an obligation to recuse himself because recusal is based on the appearance of bias.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Apparently, they don't know, Lisa, this was a flag George Washington had back in the 1700's based on John Locke's treatise.LISA BOOTHE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I guess if you hate American history, it is terrifying, which we know a lot of the left does. You know, and yeah, I've not been able to sleep since the story broke. It's just so terrifying.But, Kayleigh, we know what this is about. We know that the Supreme Court is about to decide on January 6th related cases, including presidential immunity and also this obstruction charge that's been waged against hundreds of January 6th defendants. And they're trying to preempt it, right?They're trying to taint that decision and also get in the heads and scare and put a little pressure on the conservative justices. So that's what it's about. It's about tainting the Supreme Court.MCENANY: Bingo. But, Kaylee, Ruth Bader Ginsburg can speak about Trump's tax returns, and yet serve on the case about his tax returns.KAYLEE MCGHEE WHITE, STEAMBOAT INSTITUTE BLANKLEY FELLOW: Yeah, it's remarkable how Democrats suddenly discovered that they care about ethics after Donald Trump was elected to the White House. And Lisa's right. These attacks have become so predictable because they happen at the same time every year, right before the Supreme Court is about to release its decisions.Remember the whole hoo-ha over Clarence Thomas last year? Now we have the attacks on Alito. And you notice how they never go after the substance of the decisions that the justices make. It's always personal attacks. Attacks that actually become dangerous when radical left-wing activists show up at these justices' houses and threaten their lives.MCENANY: Yep. Well, let's up the IQ level on this show and move over to The View. Sunny Hostin, she gave her theory as to why basketball star Kaitlyn Collins is so popular.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There is a thing called pretty privilege. There is a thing called white privilege. There is a thing called tall privilege. And we have to acknowledge that. And so, part of it is about race.I do think that she is more relatable to more people because she's white, because she's attractive. And unfortunately, there still is that stigma against the LGBTQ-plus communities.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Kaylee, there's also this thing called just being a really awesome basketball player.WHITE: Yeah. And what is tall privilege? Has she tried to wear heels being over six feet? I don't think so. I don't think that's a thing either.But I'll just say as a young woman, it is so disappointing to see that all of the attacks on Kaitlyn Clark are coming from other women. And this is coming from the same people on this show, The View, who chirp all day long about how conservatives are allegedly going to erase progress or bring America back to the old days.And yet, what are they doing? They're dragging another young woman down because of her sex and her success and her skin color. If that's not going backwards, I don't know what is.MCENANY: Now, sticking with The View, they're pretty upset with Charlamagne tha God. That's what he calls himself. Look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Charlemagne, now is not the time, in my opinion, to sit this one out yet.UNKNOWN: I didn't say that. I never said I was sitting it out. Why do you all need us to say this if we don't feel comfortable saying?UNKNOWN: No, no, it's not that we need you to say it. I think, I think other folks need to hear.UNKNOWN: But I am going to vote in November and I'm going to vote my best interest. When you look at somebody like President Biden, it feels like his base is pretty pissed off at him for a number of reasons.UNKNOWN: Help him out. Help him out.UNKNOWN: Well, no, I actually.UNKNOWN: Help him out by doing what?(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: Lisa, this is literally the guy that Joe Biden said you ain't black to if you vote with Republicans. But yeah, you got to endorse him right now.BOOTHE: Well, why do Democrats think they own black voters? I mean, as you pointed out, Joe Biden went on The Breakfast Club and told him you ain't black if you don't vote for me, right?But we'll see. I mean, look, Joe Biden could be facing a massive rebuke with black voters this election cycle. We've all seen The New York Times battleground poll where Donald Trump is getting over 20 percent of the black vote, would be the largest number we've seen since 1964 historic.And then also the irony, of course, is that Joe Biden is the one who has a history of making incredibly racially charged and racist statements, like saying he didn't want his kids to grow up in a racial jungle or saying that Obama was the first mainstream American who was bright, articulate and clean.So, I think that says a little bit more about Joe Biden and the Democrats than it does Charlamagne tha God.MCENANY: Lisa Marie Boothe, Kayleigh McGee White, thank you both. Enjoy your weekend.BOOTHE: Take care.MCENANY: Well, that's it for us tonight. I'm Kayleigh McEnany in for Laura Ingraham. Be sure to catch me on Outnumbered, weekdays at 12 P.M. We've got a big week, next week, on the legal front.Thank you for watching the special edition of The Ingraham Angle. Jesse Watters Primetime takes it from here.