(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We're out of time. Thanks to Jeff Dye, Riley Gaines, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, out studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg --TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, the White House now forced to issue nine corrections on the President's speech to the NAACP.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And when I was vice president, things were kind of bad during the pandemic because the erectionists who storm the Capitol Hill, patriots, saving millions of families. $800,000 in a prem -- $8000 per year in premium.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: And the speech was on the teleprompter. And speaking of unclear politicians?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can you look all the cameras in the eye right now and guarantee no new taxes between now and next year?GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): There are no new taxes.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: No new taxes. We told you it would happen and it did. California Governor Gavin Newsom promising no taxes than adding $18 billion in tax hikes for businesses in his latest budget proposal. And then there's this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This is all about Biden can't campaign so he's trying to injure his opponent.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: The defense resting its case in Donald Trump's New York criminal trial today and the judge does not appear to be a fan of the former president. Nate Foy is live outside the New York Supreme Court with the very latest on this. Nate, good evening.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Trace. On the 20th day of this trial, lawyers for foreign President Donald Trump rested their case after testimony from Bob Costello. After that, lawyers on both sides debated about the instructions that will be given to the jury before they decide whether or not Trump is guilty. Here's Trump leaving the courthouse tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: This is such an embarrassment of a showing of prosecution that I imagine the judge wouldn't grant the motion to dismiss the case. You can imagine it. There has been no evidence, there's no evidence.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Trace, today Judge Juan Merchan agreed to remind the jury that Michael Cohen's guilty plea to federal campaign finance law doesn't imply Trump's guilt. Merchan refused to remind the jury that hush money payments are not illegal. But he did side with Trump's lawyers on a key issue related to the $130,000 payment to adult film actress stormy Daniels. The jury instructions are expected to include this line, take a look.It reads "If the payment would have been made even in absence of candidacy payment should not be treated as contribution." So, if the jury thinks that Trump was motivated by his brand or his family, the bookkeeping charges could not be elevated to felonies. They would stay as misdemeanors. On the stand today Costello testified about his close relationship with Rudy Giuliani and setting up a back channel to Trump Costello maintains that he used that back channel at Michael Cohen's request.Now Trump himself did not testify in this trial. His son Don Jr. said today outside the courthouse that it would not have made sense given how unfair this trial has been in his view. So, the jury was sent home in the morning, Trace. They'll come back on Tuesday when we're expecting closing arguments next week. And then Wednesday, deliberations are set to begin. Trace?GALLAGHER: Nate Foy live outside the courthouse. Nate, thank you. Let's bring in former DoD Chief of Staff Kash Patel. Kash, great to have you on. I don't know you, you've been doing this a long time, Kash. Have you ever seen this many objections by the prosecution and the judge sustain most of them?KASH PATEL, FORMER DOJ CHIEF OF STAFF: Look in my entire 10-year career as a public defender now security prosecutor not once have any seen anything like this. And Trace I was there in the courtroom all day yesterday. In fact, I showed up at Trump Tower with the President spent the entire day with him in court and then returned to Trump Tower at the end of the day.And so, to get an inside look, even from a guy who used to try these kinds of cases, there were times when the judge was actually sustaining when no one had made an objection. There were times when the judge was striking evidence from the record, especially when Bob Costello was testifying and no one had ever been objected. I have never seen that in my entire career. I believe that every judge has a biased and most of them are able to set it aside.But this judge is sheer venom against Donald Trump. His sheer hatred for the defense is on display. And when he saw Bob Costello blow a hole in the entire case the prosecution have presented, do you know who tried to save today? The judge by blowing up and doing something I've never seen and kicking everybody out in circuit style fashion to try to get a hold of his courtroom. He actually lost it there.GALLAGHER: Andy McCarthy, Jonathan Turley, they all had these kinds of words for the Judge like, yes, and something didn't seem right. Meantime, the judge going over jury instructions. And this line, Juan Merchan is open to putting in the jury instructions, "if the jury finds that the payment to Daniels was not a campaign contribution that could hamstring the prosecution's case." So, if you don't believe this, it's going to hurt the prosecution. It's kind of -- it's kind of unusual, Kash.PATEL: It's very unusual. But here's the bottom line, that the whole payments were legal, and there was nothing illegal about them. So basically, what he's doing is he's playing to the camera. And the jury is basically saying I've decided 99 times for the prosecution. And on this one minimal part, I'm going to go ahead and give it to the defense so you can have the appearance of impropriety and neutrality when the reality is he's just continuing to trample Donald Trump's due process rights.I mean, look, when you saw Cohen testify, and then you saw Costello go up there and literally say 10 times over that Michael Cohen came to me and wanted me to be his lawyer and wanted me to tell the DOJ that I Michael Cohen had absolutely nothing on Donald Trump. That was the death knell for the prosecution's case. And this judge is trying to save it for him.GALLAGHER: Very quickly. Got to go. Kerri Urbahn, the fox, legal editor for Fox News said this on America Reports Today. watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KERRI KEPIC URBAHN, FOX NEWS LEGAL EDITOR: It's still unclear to many of us what exactly Donald Trump is being charged with or for. The judge easily could have sent that back or the fact that he frankly, has made it pretty difficult for someone like Bob Costello to get through his testimony. And then on top of it, letting the amount of superfluous information come in from Stormy Daniels. Things that -- stuff that was not relevant at all.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes. I got to go. Kash. And she's saying, well, you're saying that Bob Costello wasn't really even allowed to testify in court. But the fact that we still don't really nail down the actual crime is kind of unbelievable.PATEL: It's reasonable doubt all over the place and this jury should acquit Donald Trump.GALLAGHER: Yes. Kash Patel, great to have you on. Thank you. Meantime, President Biden speech to the NAACP was on the teleprompter, and yet the White House was forced to issue nine corrections. The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke live in D.C. with the list. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace. To put it bluntly, they went there. They really, really did. White House officials going into cleanup mode after the President delivered a gaffe riddled speech to the NAACP on Sunday in Detroit, making a whopping, wait for it, nine corrections in the formal transcript. It's through the changes, fixing both trips of the tongues such as you know, calling Capital rioters erectioniosts.And flagrant retellings of history, like, you know, claiming he was still the vice president during the COVID-19 pandemic. Not true. The official transcript released Monday made no bones about the errors with strike throughs of Mr. Biden's mistakes. And of course, the corrected comments included in brackets, but don't take my word for it. There you have it right there. Just take a look, you know, things like when I was vice president, you know, things were kind of bad during the pandemic, he meant recession.You know, Donald Trump, you know, as said, if he loses again in November, they'll be "bloodshed." Didn't say that. It's bloodbath. NAAC, he should have said NAACP. And how about this, it was truly in inspirsing. OK. One more, one more. We're cracking down on corporate landlords who keep rents down. Well, you get the picture.Now, between the start of the year and late last month, the White House has made at least 148 adjustments to transcripts of the President's remarks. That according to analysis from The Daily Caller and as you know, Mr. Biden's already the oldest president in American history, he'd be 86 where he to make it to the end of a second four-year term. Both men still talk about both Presidents past and current and set to square off in a debate in June on the 27th. Can't wait. Grab your popcorn, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes. We kept saying one more, one more, Kevin.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in Fox News Contributor Steve Hilton. And New York Post reporter Lydia Moynahan. Thank you both for coming on. One more sample, Steve Hilton, I'll take you -- I'll let you take a grab at this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Let me close this. After I sign the PACT into -- PACT A-- lac -- PACT into law.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Whatever law that was. Nine corrections in this speech was on the teleprompter. Steve, your thoughts about this?STEVE HILTON, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: And then, you know, even after that I was watching the longer version of that clip and it's just absolute gibberish. You genuinely can't work out what he's trying to say. And of course, if it's funny II, as you know, when you watch it immediately you laugh. But it's not funny.Because this man, this husk of a man, who's clearly incapable of doing a job of any kind, let alone the most important job politically in the world. He's supposed to be the leader of our nation. We have massive problems all around the world, we have massive problems here at home. Frankly, many of those problems caused by the fact that he is such a weak leader. He's always been weak politically.Now he's weak physically and mentally. And the final point I would make, Trace, is that just think about what's going on the contempt that the Democrat machine has for we the people of America to think that they can just get away with foisting this clearly incapacitated man on us for another four years. It's an absolute disgrace.GALLAGHER: Oh, they're getting away with it, Steve. By the way, the bite we play just now was from today, not from the speech of the NAACP, we should point that out. Here is Joy Behar, Lydia, saying that MAGA wears should just put a swastika on. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY BEHAR, ABC HOST: And by the way out there, that hat that you keep wearing, that red hat that says Make America Great Again, that tells people that you go along with this. So, you might as well just put a swastika on the hat.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Don't do that.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That's not --BEHAR: Because we say it anyway.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, I look at that. And I think it's not the MAGA hat wears that are chanting from the river to the sea, Lydia. It's kind of unbelievable. They're taking a swipe at these people. But there you go.LYDIA MOYNIHAN, NEW YORK POST REPORTER: It is extremely unbelievable. And that's really, I guess, all they can criticize because they don't want to address the elephant in the room. And I do want to go back to Biden's speech because it is just so unbelievable. I mean, reading a 20-minute speech should be the easy part. And the fact that we have nine gaps in that amount of time, that is a pretty terrible ratio.And I've got to think we're seeing from the left and effort to sort of change the narrative. And I think it's because they all know we're headed into this debate. It's going to be a 90-minute plus debate where Biden has to be speaking on his feet, has to be coming up with quick responses, when he's going against Trump, who is clearly much better equipped and much more capable, it seems in making real time addresses.GALLAGHER: Speaking of Trump. Here's the fundraising numbers from April, Steve. Trump's 76 million, Biden 51 million. It appears like being in court is somewhat profitable for the former president.HILTON: Yes, because people are seeing what's happening. They're seeing what's happening in the country. And they're remembering the good news and good results that happened economically and around the world under the Trump presidency. Contrasting it with what they see now, they see an energetic fighter in this whole court process. They see the whole weight of the establishment stacked against him.The media amplifying these ridiculous and preposterous charges. And this chunk of a trial that's fast that's going on in New York, and they're saying actually, we believe in fair play. We believe in real justice in America. We're not going to stand for this corruption of justice pushed by the Democrats. We want the guy who actually put our economy in good shape and actually led America with strength so that the world was peaceful.GALLAGHER: Yes. You -- 30 seconds for you, Lydia. I mean, that's -- those are big numbers, big fundraising numbers, and it really does like appear is the country's looking at these trials like this is not fair.MOYNIHAN: Well, it's certainly the opposite I think of the attendant effect. Money talks and clearly this is a candidate when people recognize is unfairly being prosecuted for something that he shouldn't be going to trial with. And so clearly, we're seeing people wanting to put their money where their mouth is and support Trump throughout this.GALLAGHER: And they are putting it just there. Lydia, Steve, thank you both. Meantime, for the second time this year, congressional Democrats are pushing immigration legislation and it's no coincidence. The Biden border disaster also happens to be a top issue for voters. Jeff Paul is live tracking these new developments. Jeff, good evening.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. And yes, despite it getting blocked earlier in the year, Senate Democrats are trying once again, to get a bipartisan border security bill passed. They're planning on forcing a vote Thursday in the hopes it could take pressure off of one of President Joe Biden's weakest spots that being the border. Instead, Democrats would attempt to seemingly put the ball into the Republicans court as well as former President Donald Trump who opposed and helped kill the border bill.If passed, it would make it more difficult for migrants to qualify for asylum and would give the President the power to shut down the border if certain key factors are met. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer says this is the strongest most comprehensive border security bill the country has seen in a generation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): Democrats are doing this because we believe in fixing the border. And we have the most -- the only real bipartisan bill negotiated by both sides with a real chance of passing and be -- being put on the President's desk.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: But Republicans say, well, a solution is long overdue. This bill is not it. Some going as far as saying it's a political stunt to deflect the Democrats failures at securing the border. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell says, plain and simple. This is a problem caused by President Joe Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): Go into a border bill right now is just a gimmick. A way to try to convince the American people that they're concerned about when they caused it.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: So they'll test vote on Thursday. It'll take 60 days to advance the bill, but it is expected to fail with so many Republicans, Trace against it.GALLAGHER: Yes. Jeff, thank you. Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense department was fascinated that DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas came on Fox today we're Neil Cavuto had a simple question. "Are we safer now than we were before 9/11? Mayoras responded with B.S. In fact, triple B.S. Blah, blah, blah statistics. He said screening and vetting at the border are better than ever. DHS is more vigilant than ever.DHS working harder than ever. So, Neil asked again, "but are we safer?" And my orcas said we're in a heightened threat environment in the wake of October 7th. Common Sense things when it comes to American security, January 20 2021 is a better date. It's when Joe Biden took office and dismantled border security and doing everything Trump did. And now we have an additional 11 million illegal immigrants.We have record breaking numbers of illegals on the terror watch list and record breaking numbers of gotaways. We don't know if they're on the terror watch list because they got away. FBI director Chris Wray says "we are seeing a wide array of very dangerous threats that emanate from the border." He says emanate a better word is fulminate because the border is exploding.But apparently my orcas missed that memo. The question was, are we safer? Common Sense thinks it's concerning when the head of DHS either doesn't know or simply won't say? Let's bring in the former Los Angeles County Sheriff Alex Villanueva and Terrell County, Texas Sheriff Thaddeus Cleveland. Sheriffs, thank you both for coming on. To you for, Sheriff Cleveland. Mayorkas knows very well that we are not safer today than we were before 9/11 because we have seen 11 million people, many of whom we do not know anything about come into this country. Your thoughts?THADDEUS CLEVELAND, TERRELL COUNTY, TEXAS SHERIFF: You know and certainly he does. And it's just more political rhetoric from this administration and from Mayorkas. Look, I spent from 2003 when DHS was first brought forth all the way until I retired from the U.S. Border Patrol in 2022. And look, what is going on now is nowhere near what I left the border patrol with inspections, with vetting. What's going along the border now is really the opposite of that.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. I want to play a little bit more sound. It's -- this is from Mayorkas on Kabuto today. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, U.S. HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY: We implemented the circumvention of lawful pathways rule through regulation. We have built additional facilities, deployed Enforcement and Removal Operations.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, it's just not -- it's talking around everything. It's not really even sensible. Like what is he saying there? He just keeps going through some of these things that are apparently happening. If you can't tell the truth, if you can't really rely on the truth from him, he's got to talk around it. What do you think about this?ALEX VILLANUEVA (D) FORMER LOS ANGELES COUNTY SHERIFF: Well, that's where he's talking about outputs, but you're not talking about outcome.GALLAGHER: Yes.VILLANUEVA: You're going to write off a bunch of nonsense statistics that putting in the right context, realize it means nothing. The fact is, we've almost doubled the undocumented immigrant population in the United States in the span of just the last few years. And that is a massive amount of people. We do not know who they are, where they're going, what the impact that's going to be when it hits the safety net that is already straining amongst the homeless crisis we have in the nation.The fact that we're not even keeping track of crime statistics anymore. I mean, there's so many things are going wrong at the same time that we really have to take a step back and see what are we doing right?GALLAGHER: Yes. It's interesting. Reuters Ipsos on should we deport those who come here illegally? I'll put this up on the screen. 56 percent say most or all should be deported if they're in this country. It's a big number, which shows you Sheriff Cleveland that -- I mean, this is an issue the voters are looking very, very closely at and most of them agree with the former President Trump's view on this.CLEVELAND: Certainly, you know, and we have to continue to make sure we keep Border Security and Immigration separate. Those are two separate issues. Yes, they crossed paths. But we got to get back and focused on securing our border. I was the Vice President Pence today along with former chief Rodney Scott of U.S. Border Patrol, and we talked about deportations.You know, and I'm of the opinion that, you know, it's going to take a lot more than what voters realize. Chief Scott who's a good friend of mine, he brought up some good points. But look, it's going to take our local law enforcement agencies to get back in sync with DHS with 287(g) that gives us the authority to hold those criminal aliens in place in our jail cells. And that allows us to turn them over to the Feds for removal.GALLAGHER: Yes. Because what they're not saying and, you know, you see the border and they come across the border Sheriff, it's crazy. But what they're not seeing is the damage they're doing to inner cities like Los Angeles, flooding the schools, these kids already can't read and do math at grade level, and they're filled with these people that don't speak Spanish. And, you know, they need to be educated. But it's hard when the kids are already there.VILLANUEVA: Very true. Remember, this is -- we're struggling with the population we already have.GALLAGHER: Right?VILLANUEVA: And this way that really hasn't hit hard yet, but is going to especially the coming this summer where people start realizing the impact of adding 11 million people to a straining. And system and standby.GALLAGHER: Yes. There really is. It's one of those things where you think where are we going? I mean, how do we do this? Sheriff Villanueva, Sheriff Cleveland. Thank you, gentlemen. We appreciate it very much.Coming up. President Biden is against the arrest warrant for the Israeli Prime Minister, the wife of actor George Clooney is the driving force behind that arrest warrant. And it looks like Cloonies and Biden's families will be together at an L.A. fundraiser in June. Aaron Cohen has thoughts on this.And later in the nightcap. A Cheetos loving bear broke into my buddy's truck in Mammoth. And my buddy decided to handle the matter himself. Good idea bad idea. What would you do if you found a bear in your vehicle? Call for help or handle it yourself and why? Let us know X and Instagram @TraceGallagher. We'll nee3d read your responses in The Nightcap. 82:1 here on the west coast of Fox News AT NIGHT trip across America.Live look, Phoenix, Arizona, one of only two states that don't observe daylight saving time. Next Altoona, Iowa. Where did you know there are more pigs than people in Iowa? Finally, Atlanta, Georgia where Coca Cola was invented back in 1886. And if you cannot join us live don't forget set your DVR and watch us anytime, we are coming right back with Aaron Cohen, Rabbi Chaim Mentz talk about some interesting stuff.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: President Biden says the International Criminal Court issuing an arrest warrant for Benjamin Netanyahu is outrageous, even though the recommendation is coming from Amal Clooney, the wife of one of his most famous donors. Ashley Strohmier is live with the latest on this. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace. Republican lawmakers are finding themselves in rare agreements with the Biden administration over the ICC requesting arrest warrants for Israeli leaders. Now even more, the administration is now at odds with Amal Clooney, the wife of actor George Clooney, who just so happens to be participating in a fundraiser for President Biden next month.So Amal Clooney revealed yesterday that she was part of a panel of international legal experts that recommended the arrest of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Israeli Defense Minister, Yoav Gallant writing in a statement that there are reasonable grounds to believe they have committed war crimes. The White House made their position again clear today. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The ICC prosecutors application for arrest warrants against Israel leaders is outrageous. We fundamentally reject it.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: House Speaker Mike Johnson said lawmakers are working on legislation to rebuke the ICC in some form, a measure he thinks will be bipartisan, but as of right now, not everyone is on board.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): I support the court's independence in making their decision.SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): The ICC is doing its job. It's doing what it is supposed to do. We cannot only apply international law when it is convenient.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: Now it's up to the ICC judges to decide whether it's issues to arrest warrants, a process that according to one report, could take around two months. And Trace, it is important to note that even if the ICC judges do move forward with the warrants, Netanyahu and Gallant will likely not face prosecution. But they will have a harder time traveling internationally. Back to you.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you. Let's bring in Rabbi Chaim Mentz from the Chabad of Bel Air. And IDF Special Operations veteran Aaron Cohen. Gentlemen, great to have you on the show as always. Aaron, to you first, you saw a little bit there of Alexandria Ocasio Cortez. She clearly is in favor of this ICC warrant. Let's hear a little bit more from her.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)OCASIO-CORTEZ: You know, I think that we have seen the input from an overwhelming amount of our allies in the developed world and across the world in general, really respecting the independence of the ICC.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It really kind of puts into definition, this whole idea that you have President Biden who's against this ICC warrant, now kind of fighting a big part of his party who they're in favor of it. And it's been like that throughout the protest. It is a divided party. And this ICC warrant for Israel is something that the whole world has said, come on.AARON COHEN, ISRAELI SPECIAL OPERATIONS VETERAN: Well, it's exactly that choice. It's come on. The fact is that Israel's not fighting a conventional war. This is what we call low-intensity conflict. And that means that we're talking about counterterrorism, which means that as we've seen unfolding over the last seven months, you've got an internationally designated terrorist organization, hiding behind civilians, using them as shields.Israel doing the best that it can to operate with selectivity. Who's -- we've lost hundreds of soldiers in the process, rescued hostages in the process under -- in areas, which is extremely dangerous. The fact is, is that Amal Clooney, AOC, everybody's out of their camp right now.And I will tell you. This entire operation cannot be looked at as a conventional war. And the reason why is because of how specialized it has to be. And therefore, Gallant and Prime Minister Netanyahu are laughing right now. Biden laughing right now.GALLAGHER: Yes.COHEN: I think -- let the evidence come out. Let them do the investigating. And then I think once they start peeling the layers back, they're going to see that there's nothing more to look at than Israel doing the best it can.GALLAGHER: But you're talking about a fractured party. They're going to play nice here because there's a big fundraiser coming up. George Clooney is going to be there, Amal Clooney, they're all going to be there. Even though they disagree on some of these things with Israel, they have to kind of play nice before the election. But it's still, you can see there is a fracture.RABBI CHAIM MENTZ, CHABAD OF BEL AIR, CA: There is a fracture. But when it comes to going and voting for your guy will heal all that later on. This is just politics. It's the pregame show.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: But talking about this court case and the international thing, Trace? Bring it on, everybody. I'm telling you.Do you know why you bring it on? Imagine the Jewish people being up against the world. Do you know what we're going to say to you? They found 50 tunnels just now in Rafah going to Egypt.You couldn't get the babies out? How come America didn't go and say we can beachfront when building a port to bring in food? You couldn't get anybody out? Let me tell you something.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: There's a lot of ways to get the juice out of this to go and make sure to kill the Hamas.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: But the world is saying, you're the bad guy. you're the good. The world got to be on court.GALLAGHER: The U.S. State Department offered condolences to the Iranian president who died in a helicopter crash today. The UN flew the flag at half-mast, a moment of silence. What do you -- what do you think about that?COHEN: You know what? If you want to fly the flag in half-mast, once you drop down six more feet and just take the flag down because that's about is worth -- that's about as much as worth that the terror proxy regime president has in the -- in the court of counterterrorism operations. You know, they want to cry about him being gone and put the flag down. So, another stain on the UN. It's the same unroll organization that was working with Hamas.GALLAGHER: Yes.COHEN: I've got no sympathy for any of that. I think it's nonsense.GALLAGHER: You look at all these dictators around the country and they're - - it just doesn't make any sense. California Globe writes this one. The Press Becomes Narc: CNN Outing UCLA Counter-Protesters. So, CNN decided it would try to hunt down the pro-Israel protesters themselves, putting 13 people on a story headline unmasking counter-protesters who attacked UCLA's pro-Palestine encampment.Not going after the people who are saying river to the sea. And you know, genocide Jo and all the other stuff. KKK. Not going after them. They're going after the people who tried to break up the encampment.MENTZ: You come in my face, and I come back and protest. You guys are doing the wrong thing. You're not letting me go to college. Yes, there's something wrong with me.GALLAGHER: Right.MENTZ: There's something wrong with our country when we allow this to happen, that the good guys standing up for freedom and to be able to walk everywhere in our college freely, you're the one that's getting shut down.GALLAGHER: Yes.MENTZ: What happened to the free speech that the other side claims that we're in for?GALLAGHER: What happened to the free speech?MENTZ: Yes.GALLAGHER: Rabbi, Aaron, thank you. Coming up. Just 11 days ago, California Governor Gavin Newsom vowed there would be no new taxes. After all, the state has the highest taxes in the country, right? But guess which state is now getting a tax increase?Don't say FOX NEWS @NIGHT didn't warn you. Plus, in my hometown of Mammoth Lakes, California, my old buddy Mike Fiebiger should know better than to leave Cheetos in his truck. And one Ozzy shares his inventive method for trimming his lawn. The "DAY'S BEST VIRAL VIDEOS." Next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, the fall of the formerly intensely popular Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica is emblematic of the myriad of problems facing California as a whole. With that, let's bring in the Republican nominee for Congress here in California, Intensive Care Physician, Alex Balekian, and board-certified medical doctor Houman Hemmati. Thank you both for coming on here.The San Francisco Chronicle -- this is the irony. San Francisco Chronicle like they don't have enough issues up in San Francisco is writing about Los Angeles. Santa Monica, the Third Street Promenade. "Shocking: The Fall of Third Street Promenade, California's once vibrant outdoor mall." I mean, it's one of those things where it's laughable except for the fact they're right. The Third Street Promenade really has fallen on hard times. But it's you -- as you point out, these things are fixable.DR. HOUMAN HEMMATI, BOARD-CERTIFIED M.D.: They're absolutely fixable, Trace. I grew up going to Third Street Promenade. Many of us did, right? I live really close. Walking distance right now.GALLAGHER: Right.HEMMATI: And it's a ghost town. More than 50 percent of the businesses are closed. In the article, they complain that it's because of high rents, inflation, and people online shopping. But the last I checked, all the other malls like the Grove, and so many others, the Century City --GALLAGHER: Century City and Palisades --HEMMATI: Are booming with --GALLAGHER: Booming. Yes.HEMMATI: Nothing close. What's the difference? It's local government. It's the fact that they invite the homeless.And in fact, Santa Monica has banned police and even banned armed security from Third Street Promenade saying it's somehow inequitable. Guess what happens? You have homeless people lying there in the -- at the storefronts --GALLAGHER: But --HEMMATI: People can't go in. Smash and grab left and right. People are being assaulted. So, the business is closed down. That's an economic engine of the city.GALLAGHER: Right.HEMMATI: Without that money, no sales tax, the city's going broke.GALLAGHER: Yes. Speaking of homeless lying around. In Northern California, a homeless man suing a business because they were playing classical music and trying to drive some of the homeless people away because they were interfering with business. Now, this homeless person is suing the business. It's -- it is -- you know, a lot of businesses are doing this trying to keep the homeless away. But this guy is suing. And he might win, right?ALEX BALEKIAN, INTENSIVE CARE PHYSICIAN: I mean, these business owners, they're paying commercial property taxes to fund city services.GALLAGHER: Right.BALEKIAN: And we're asking whether they have the right to do this. I think they have the expectation of their elected officials to maintain basic public health and safety.GALLAGHER: Yes.BALEKIAN: And their elected officials have completely abdicated those responsibilities, unfortunately.GALLAGHER: Yes. I'm going to put this up because this is one of the -- this is the homeless guy. He says, the first night I got to bed at 1:00 a.m. The second night, I got no sleep during the night. And the third night, Sunday night, I had no way to get any sleep.I just wanted to put it up there because it's kind of instructive. This is a homeless person who is staying in front of a business that he doesn't belong in front of. And he's angry that the business is actually trying to push him out.We move on now because here's Gavin Newsom. We talked about this. Here's the soundbite on May 10, 11 days ago. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This -- can you look all the cameras in the eye right now and guarantee no new taxes between now and next year?GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): There's no new taxes. The answer is no. OK.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank God.NEWSOM: I don't know how many times I can say no to that tax question.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: How many times would he have to say no, Dr. Houman? Because he just raised taxes on businesses by $18 billion. And we call that.We're talking to Chef Gruel on Friday night. And I said, Chef, you know, he's got to raise taxes. He said, of course, he always raises taxes. He lies about it and then raises taxes.HEMMATI: I just saw his face when he was saying that too. He was looking down.GALLAGHER: Right.HEMMATI: Who's lying?GALLAGHER: Right.HEMMATI: He's not good at lying. He's always been bad at it. We all knew what's going to happen. And as the -- as a chef pointed out, by the way, when you raise prices at a restaurant, what happens? At some point, people stop coming. Becomes counterproductive.GALLAGHER: Yes.HEMMATI: If they raise menu prices by 25 or $50, they'll end up getting zero. No one will show up. That's what's happened in California.When you raise taxes on businesses too much, the businesses go broke, or they flee. They take their jobs away with them. With that, goes the income tax and the business tax, and the state has less money.GALLAGHER: Right.HEMMATI: That's exactly the thing that got us into this budget deficit to begin with. And now, they're doubling down on that failed policy. If anything, they need to be --GALLAGHER: Yes.HEMMATI: Cutting business taxes, inviting businesses back into the state.GALLAGHER: And that's why Dr. Balekian is running for office here because he knows he's got to do something. And the bottom line is, is that you have these issues all over California. Gavin Newsom knows. We get to a $74 billion shortfall. He's got to do something about it.Meantime, in Oakland, California, because the copper is being stolen out of the traffic lights, they're getting rid of the traffic lights and just putting in stop signs. Forget safety. We can't afford the copper in the lights, so put them down.BALEKIAN: I mean, this is exactly what happens when you don't punish petty criminals.GALLAGHER: Right.BALEKIAN: They become emboldened. They keep doing what they're doing, and they just keep on pushing the envelope. And this just goes to show you in California, progressive isn't working.GALLAGHER: No. It's not. But a lot of people think it is because they keep voting for it again and again. Dr. Houman Hemmati, and Dr. Alex Balekian, thank you both for coming on.Well, half of the United States could experience blackouts this summer and President Biden's push for renewable energy, not really helping. Lawmakers on Capitol Hill are examining the growing demands on the nation's aging power grid along with increasing threats from cyberattacks. Here's Congressional Correspondent Aishah Hasnie.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): Tonight, senators on both sides of the aisle are sounding the alarm about the nation's overwhelmed power grid.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is a brand new number and shows half the country at elevated risk of blackouts this summer.HASNIE (voiceover): In recent years, demand for electricity has spiked thanks to manufacturing, Bitcoin mining, a boom in artificial intelligence, and a push for electric vehicles. Also last week, federal energy regulators announced a new rule forcing grid operators to plan for electric growth while introducing renewable energy. The head of the American Electric Power Company today warning senators that's overly ambitious over traditional energy.BENJAMIN FOWKE, AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CEO: I love to see renewables on the grid but you cannot substitute 24/7 dispatchable generation.HASNIE (voiceover): Republicans say Biden's green push is making the nation's grid even more vulnerable.SEN. JOHN BARRASSO (R-WY): President Biden doesn't seem to care at all. He wants the cost of complying with EPA rules to be high. He wants to force operators to shut down these plants before the end of their useful life. It is a disgrace.HASNIE (voiceover): Democrat Senator Joe Manchin agrees.SEN. JOE MANCHIN (D-WV): But you can't take something off before you have something equally as good if not better to replace it with. They're just damned to do it because of the political reasons.HASNIE (voiceover): Some lawmakers though say inaction could make the outcome much worse.SEN. ANGUS KING (I-ME): The cost of not addressing climate change dwarfs the cost of addressing climate change.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And, Trace, all of this comes as the grid also faces the rising threat of cyberattacks and the increased pressure from the AI race with China. Senators say that we need a stable supply of power to win that race, Trace.GALLAGHER: Aishah Hasnie in DC tonight. Aishah, thank you. First stop in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS." I grew up in Mammoth and we all knew one rule, never leave food in your car. However, my buddy Mike Fiebiger left a bag of Cheetos in his truck and suffered the consequences.Yesterday, he found a bear munching Cheetos in the passenger seat. The bear finally left the vehicle after eating the Cheetos and getting a heave-ho from Mike. Of course, he also broke the truck's center console.And if you are looking for a way to save time while trimming your hedges, one Australian man has a hack for you. The man came up with the bright idea to hook his lawnmower to a crane and drive it, right? There -- drive the truck along the hedge he wanted to cut. I'm not sure if he's crazy or genius, but he did end up with a nearly perfectly trimmed hedge.And if you have a viral video to share, share it with us @tracegallagher or @foxnewsnight on social media. Going back a little bit. Coming up to the bear that broke into that car for a snack, what would you do? Would you try to scare the bear away like Mike did, or would you let somebody else handle it?Let us know. X and Instagram @tracegallagher. We will read your responses coming up next in the "NIGHTCAP."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew. Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Jeff Paul, Alex Balekian, Dr. Houman Hemmati, and Sheriff Alex Villanueva. Tonight's topic, a bear-y big problem. A Cheetos-loving bear broke into my buddy's car, Mike Fiebiger, in Mammoth Lakes, California and Mike daringly went out to handle the situation to save his truck and his snack. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE FIEBIGER, VIDEO UPLOADER: I don't know if you can see this but, I got a bear inside my truck right now at about 11:00 in the morning. Pretty big guy eating my Cheetos. Hey, get out of there.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: What would you do in that situation? Do you call for help, or do you handle it yourself and why? And of course, the obvious go-to person here is the former sheriff of Los Angeles County, Alex Villanueva. what do you do, Sheriff?VILLANUEVA: Well, two things. One, unattended Cheetos is a misdemeanor.GALLAGHER: It is -- it absolutely is.VILLANUEVA: And two, if you're going to poke a bear, you better have a good plan.GALLAGHER: Yes. So, that's -- let somebody else handle it, I think the sheriff's saying right here. Dr. Balekian?BALEKIAN: This is California. If the bear steals less than $950 worth of merchandise, nothing is happening.GALLAGHER: That's exactly right. Cheetos are free. No penalties. No crime. Dr. Houman Hemmati?HEMMATI: You know, I think if I were confronted with this, I'd go after the bear.GALLAGHER: Wait, wait. You'd go after the bear?HEMMATI: I go after the bear.GALLAGHER: OK.HEMMATI: I live in LA.GALLAGHER: With what?HEMMATI: I deal with homeless people. Criminals. People coming at me all the time just walking down the street. If I can handle them, I can handle the bear.GALLAGHER: Yes. You know, Kevin Corke, the old -- the old joke is you don't have to outrun the bear. You just have to outrun Kevin Corke, if you and I are both running from it, right? That's the take.CORKE: That's right.GALLAGHER: What do you do if the bear is in your truck?CORKE: Come on, brother. There's no way. (INAUDIBLE) You can have the Cheetos. You can eat the front seat. I'll let somebody else deal with that, man. Come on.GALLAGHER: Oh, Ashley?STROHMIER: I would, Kevin. Take the Cheetos. Take the car. Leave me alone. I'm running the other way.CORKE: Amen.GALLAGHER: I'll tell you, me too. I'm Kevin and Ashley. I am getting out of there. And I grew up in Mammoth. Jeff.PAUL: I think I would try to get some other food items to lure him out of my truck because I'd be more worried about the interior by truck. But, hey, you leave the bag open. That's what you get. That's the price of admission.GALLAGHER: Yes. Here's the social media report on this if I could find it. Oh, here it is.Do you call or get it handled? Call for help, 70 percent. Instagram call for help, 87 percent.It's a tough one, says Adam. On one hand, I want to rescue my Cheetos. On the other hand, I don't want to die.Thomas says from a safe location, hit the emergency button on your key fob. The horn will blow and away they'll go. Tommy. Unless it was a friendly Yogi The Bear, I'd let the pros handle the situation. Michael. All you need is a pick-a-nick basket and that bear is out of there looking for booboo. No help needed.Yes. Jeanette. The bear can keep my snack in my car. Even my coffee. Just get me out of there.Thank you all for watching the "NIGHTCAP." Thank you for joining the "NIGHTCAP," and watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher. We'll see you right back here again tomorrow night.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)