MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS HOST: It is 7 PM on the East Coast and the first polls of Super Tuesday are closed. Welcome to the biggest night in the primary campaign in the election season unlike we have ever seen before. Good evening, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallumBRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: And I'm Bret Baier. It is Super Tuesday, the most states, the most delegates, the most votes on the line as both parties march towards a 2020 rematch. It looks like. At this hour, polls are closed in Virginia and Vermont. Vermont could be Nikki Haley's best chance to win a state tonight. Thanks to moderate northeast Republican voters and an open primary system.MACCALLUM: Virginia is also holding an open primary and she could do well in the suburban areas near DC, both states also host Democratic presidential primaries tonight where Biden is widely expected to win.BAIER: Now those are just the first prizes of the night. 16 states and one territory heading to the polls today, including the two biggest states, Texas and California. A lot of delegates there.MACCALLUM: Indeed. On the Republican side, there are 854 delegates up for grabs tonight. That is more than 70 percent of what is needed to clinch the nomination.BAIER: Former President Donald Trump hopes to sweep them all, all 15 states on the Republican side and set up a showdown with Joe Biden in the fall. He steamrolled through the early contests and tonight, he's hoping for a knockout blow.MACCALLUM: Challenger Nikki Haley fighting tooth and nail to stay in the race. The math does not look like it is in her favor. She has no clear path at this moment to the nomination.BAIER: On the Democrat side, President Joe Biden wants another four years. He has also marched through the early nominating states despite his party remaining deeply divided about the prospect of him returning to the White House, concerned about age, his mental fitness, other things.MACCALLUM: Buckle up, everybody. We have reporters all over the country covering the candidates, the issues, the mood of the electorate in America. Our great panel is here all night, we'll kick things off with our man at the billboard. Mr. Bill Hemmer.BAIER: Hello.BILL HEMMER, FOX NEWS HOST: Hey, guys. Steaming news, buckle up. Right? I mean, I think we're going to be here a while, aren't we? Nice to see you all, let's do a little introduction of what we're looking at here on Super Tuesday as we get kicking off.Let me come back to this area in a moment here, because we're talking about the early poll closing, think about Vermont, think about Virginia, think about those areas that eight years ago were kind of soft for John Kasich and sort of favorable to Marco Rubio. That's the areas we're kind of looking at so far tonight. So, let's get this thing going here.This is Vermont right now. Nothing is on the board. But if you went back eight years, you will see where John Kasich did real well around the capital city, and points to the west over there. Let's pump on down to Virginia, and I see, yes, give me a shot here. There we go. So, nothing in just yet. All right. We said it was early, right? I mean, it's -- with a capital E.Eight years ago, this is what we saw in Virginia. We saw Marco Rubio in this sort of blue teal color here doing really well in the outskirts of Washington, DC. These are big counties, big population, one, two, and three throughout the entire Commonwealth, located right here.We also did very well around Richmond too, in the suburbs, in Charlottesville, we're off to the west. So those pockets could be -- it could be right for Nikki Haley tonight to go ahead and get in there and get some delegates and maybe put up a bit of a challenge right now, taking the state of Virginia.The reason why we're doing this, if you go back to South Carolina, just you know the last time we were together on that Saturday night, we tried to figure out where Rubio did well and maybe where Nikki Haley could do it well as also, but that was her home state, OK, and here's how it turned out. She won the capital city of Columbia, in Richland County. She won her hometown of Charleston, and also this, the county, just the south of her.And if you went back eight years ago, look what Marco Rubio did. This is kind of our benchmark that we're using on that Saturday night to give you a sort of a relationship to how we're judging, how the candidates are doing. In the end, Rubio, only one, two counties, and then Nikki Haley, one three this time, so she did a little better than we were back in 2016. Hence the reason why we look at places like Virginia tonight, and also Vermont to see maybe get an idea about which way they're going to go.Now, here's the thing about all these states, they all got different rules, OK, so pop out here to California, 169 delegates. Well, California has never gone this early in the process before ever. It was always in June, and they came at the end, and they felt insignificant.But this year, a whole different approach. Now it closes late into the night. 11 o'clock Eastern Time -- our time, they've got a good Senate primary race out there as well in California. We'll see how it goes. But you see this tab right up here at stake, 169 delegates. We've got a little toggle here that gives us a rulebook, all right, and the rulebook in California says majority take off.Think about that that amount of delegates now, if you get 50 percent plus one, you get all 169 delegates. So, Trump, Haley gunning for that. Utah, very similar as well. I just want to hit the rulebook here at stake.Majority takes are right at the 40 delegates there in Utah, come over here to Tennessee, this is where I want to make the point here, OK. In Tennessee, you go ahead and try and figure this one out, OK. This is like calculus or algebra. 31 statewide delegates, two-thirds take all, if no candidate gets two-thirds, it goes proportional to -- all of this stuff, OK. Each different state has its rules. Some are similar. Some are just -- they seem like off the page, some of us. So, as we kick off tonight at 7:05, we are now rolling.BAIER: Six, seven carry the knot.MACCALLUM: Yes. No math required.HEMMER: If you can help me with that. We're getting Rove on the line.BAIER: The board's better. The board's better.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: I don't know about the rest of them. Bill's rolling.BAIER: Yes, he's rolling.MACCALLUM: He's rolling.BAIER: We should point out on the bottom of the screen; we have all the results that are coming in. You saw Iowa that's because there was a mail in for Democrats in Iowa President Biden winning that and you see Virginia there over Williamson, millions of Americans heading to the polls this Super Tuesday.The Trump campaign is expecting to win as we said, an avalanche of delegates. Aishah Hasnie is at campaign headquarters at Mar-a-Lago, and it seems they're going to pack them in there, Aishah?AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS REPORTER: Hey, guys, if you can't tell, there is a huge party underway behind me here in Mar-a-Lago. The doors are officially open and we're seeing a lot of folks streaming in now. And the feeling is electric here, as a campaign expects up to a 1000 supporters here tonight in this ballroom, it really feels like a general election party. And quite so, because tonight Super Tuesday could really launch the President towards that magic number of 1215. Very, very close to the campaign telling me they expect to sweep about more than 1000 delegates tonight, including the ones are walking in with tonight, getting closer to that magic number.Trump very much so wants to pivot hard to the general election. He certainly does not think that Nikki Haley has any sort of path forward here. He believes that he is going to win every single state tonight. But whether or not he's going to ask her to step down tonight, Fox and Friends host Lawrence Jones asked him about that this morning, and he wouldn't quite answer that question. So, we'll have to wait and see how the night goes.He is though accusing her of dividing the GOP by just staying in this race. Now, he'd much rather be talking about the issues, the border, the economy, he'd much rather be talking about President Biden, and he'll get to do that again, Bret and Martha, in dueling remarks again, this weekend Saturday in Georgia when Trump and both President Joe Biden will be campaigning just about 16 miles apart.Back here in Mar-a-Lago again, the party getting underway, just about 200 people, I would say here already, there is no open bar. And there is a soda bar, a pop bar, if you want to call if you're from the Midwest, but no free alcohol, at least tonight here in Mar-a-Lago. Back to you, guys.BAIER: Well, thanks for that update.MACCALLUM: It'd give me a short party.BAIER: Yes. That's not a big party.MACCALLUM: All right. Let's bring in --HAROLD FORD JR. FOX NEWS HOST: They'll get to a 1000 without an open bar.BAIER: I don't know. That's a good question. It's time to bring in the panel. If you haven't noticed, Brit Hume, Laura Ingraham, Dana Perino, and Harold Ford Jr. Laura, what do you think of tonight?LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Well, this is -- this is a big night even if they don't have the booze at Mar-a-Lago flowing. This is going to be a big night, obviously, for Donald Trump. He's cruising to the nomination. I think Nikki Haley, look, she has given it her all. She's crisscrossed the country. She's raised a huge amount of money.I think for the last year, she's pretty much represented the more kind of establishment Bush, old Bush wing of the party better than anyone. And she's attractive, she's articulate, she's very smart. She's tried to go at Trump. I don't know how you could have done it any better than she did it.I don't think there is a big audience for that. There's some audience, but not enough clearly, to really motivate the people to turn out to vote in the way she needs it. It's a populist party and right now, it's Donald Trump's party.MACCALLUM: Brit, what do you think happens tonight?HUME: Well, I'm interested in two things, particularly. I'm interested in what Donald Trump will say tonight. And I'm interested in tonight in what Joe Biden will say, on Thursday, Thursday night, at the State of the Union address. I think those are the two big things worth watching. Whether the Trump will be conciliatory, whether he would be generous, whether he'll be reaching out to try to do what he says he wants done, the uniting of the party. As for Biden, we'll be watching to see if he doesn't fall off the rostrum.MACCALLUM: Yes. Well, we saw he was very bitter towards Nikki Haley up in New Hampshire, and then conciliatory, but to the point not mentioning her, really in South Carolina that he had moved on.HUME: Right.MACCALLUM: To the general election race, so we'll see. Very good point on what we're going to hear from --BAIER: Dana, we talk about polls, we don't usually talk about going in, but Iowa has already happened. And there's a new poll out in Iowa, Des Moines register and Seltzer. She's very well-respected with her polling unit. And it shows that former President Trump, head-to-head has a 15-point lead on President Biden.And if you look inside that poll, the approval ratings for the current president down to 29 percent. This is Iowa, a place that was getting purplish. And just in the Iowa caucuses did not look like this head-to- head. These polls are moving across the board.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS HOST: No, but didn't you hear the President say today that all the polls show that he's fine, and everything's going to be just great. And I jest a little bit because we saw the polls over the weekend, terrible for the President and they're consistent.Six months ago, The Washington Post ABC poll came out and it had Trump, I think eight or 10 points ahead. And the pollsters themselves said, this can't possibly be true. This is an outlier. No, it was the canary and the coal mine. Because now, what has Biden gotten tonight, at the end of tonight, when President Trump is a presumptive nominee, and it won't be too big of a stretch to say that at the end of tonight.Biden got his man. He wants to take on President Trump. He says he wants to go for the jugular. He thinks that he knows President Trump's weak spots, but they can't have the staff deliver the blows. President Biden himself will have to show that he can actually throw a punch and land a punch. And I don't know if we've actually seen them being able to do that in the last several months.MACCALLUM: Yes, Harold that may become the question after tonight. What is a head-to-head race between these two, look like at this point?FORD JR.: So, I think two things first, the polling also shows that most Americans don't want a rematch, but we find ourselves thrust into, it looks as if we're going to get the finale or the final blow this evening.Two, I think the American people find it more and more difficult to withstand one another if they don't agree with one another, because of the way the politics has litigated. If you've listened to both sides, the hatefulness, the viciousness, there's always been a little at number two of that in politics, but the campaigns organized around name calling, organized around reminding people, the worst of people.So, if you believe that during campaign, your voters have every right to wonder why after the campaign, why would you try to go do political business with people who are so bad, who are so evil, who are so unAmerican.So, I'll be doing what Brit said he was going to do at the outset. I want to hear him tonight. He showed me an ability, he being Donald Trump to be magnanimous in Iowa. I haven't seen it since. He seems like he's gone in a different direction. Maybe he thinks that's what's going to help get Governor Haley out of the race and begin this consolidation.The most time I saw him be magnanimous was yesterday when the Supreme Court decided what they decided, he talked about uniting his party and presumably uniting the country.Let me be clear, I'm not for him as president, but I'm for my country. And if he's elected president, we've got to find a way for people who want to do business together again, politics and everything else. So, I'll be looking most closely at that this evening.MACCALLUM: OK. We have a call to make here. The Fox's decision desk can now project the first call of the night that President Biden will win Virginia's Democratic primary. No big surprise hidden in that one.BAIER: Not a big surprise. You know, there is, Laura, these different races on the Democratic side, we saw in Michigan, the uncommitted vote, got a number of people turn out more than 100,000 in Michigan. You see that he needs 1967 to clinch the nomination, he will do it. But yet there is still this angst in the Democratic Party about their eventual nominee, President Biden and --INGRAHAM: Well --BAIER: -- whether he's going to be the nominee at the convention.INGRAHAM: The question is whether the hatred of Trump is really enough to drive everyone they need to the polls. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. But right now, they clearly have a problem with the Far-Left. The Far-Left is very unhappy with what's happening in Gaza. They're trailing around AOC. All the video. You guys showed on Special Report tonight. That's an uncomfortable moment for them. But the question is, are those people really going to stay home? They're not going to vote for Trump. But are they going to stay home?If they do, and this is a close race and it might be, that could turn it for, for Joe Biden. They're certainly not going to vote for Trump. But they're bitterly angry because they think Biden is not Left-wing enough. And I think that shows you the danger that they initially embarked upon by making this deal with the Far-Left. Biden wasn't that way, and he became that way.HUME: If you look at the overall polling, it suggests that the Trump basically stands about where he did four years ago. He hasn't lost ground. Biden has lost ground. And in part is because of what Laura is talking about. It's all say, I also I think, in part because voters have had a taste of his governance. And they're mad at him about immigration. They're mad at him about inflation. They're disappointed in him in a multitude of ways that began with the pullout from Afghanistan from which he has never really fully recovered.So, he has a lot of ground to make up with his -- with the voters who are with him for four years ago, and who had the moment at least do not appear to be with him now.BAIER: And the Israel-Gaza part of the State of the Union speech will be interesting to watch. Just because what he says about it, how he says, if progressives in that chamber react.HUME: Will he go against the grain of many in his own party, not only on Israel, but also on Ukraine.MACCALLUM: And he has yet to really articulate his argument and the Biden doctrine for why the country should go along with him on spending that additional money at this point.HUME: Worth discussing, because when you think about it, now we have all this vast panoply of programs to deal with all sorts of American issues. But what is job one of the federal government, job one is national security and defense, foreign policy, it is the only institution we have to deal with that. The states don't do it. Private business doesn't do that. It's at the federal government's chief job and it is, and we now spend a fraction of what we did on defense during the Cold War, a fraction.INGRAHAM: One other point though is in the cities where you had Abbott and obviously, DeSantis sending all these migrants to the cities. I think you're going to see some modest pullback from Democrats, maybe again, they won't turn out for Trump, but they might not vote for Biden, I think that was a brilliant move to spread the pain of the illegal immigration to the rest of the country. And I think that's going to have a big effect. It's the number one issue in a lot of these states.MACCALLUM: Trump said last night that he wanted to reach out to Democrat mayors, he said, we have to fix the cities.INGRAHAM: Work with them, right?MACCALLUM: And he wants to work with them. That's going to be interesting to watch.BAIER: He wants to do a rally here in New York. We're going to make another call to Fox News decision desk and now project that President Biden will win Vermont's Democratic primary, something tells me this is a trend early on in the night, that the President is going to win these states easily and we can make those calls.You can see on the bottom of the screen, we're going to have all the states that have the raw vote total coming in, and we'll put those up for you and when we can make a call on the Republican side, we definitely will do that.We're just getting started on this Super Tuesday. We have a lot to go. We just started all of these countdowns. The next set of polls closing, a big lineup throughout the evening as the results come in. Jesse Watters, Sean Hannity on deck as our special coverage continues here on Fox News channel, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Former governor and Ambassador Nikki Haley looks to exceed expectations tonight. She has said that herself that she hopes to prevent a huge Trump blowout this evening. Bill Melugin is following her campaign tonight in Charleston, South Carolina. Hi, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha, good evening to you. Nikki Haley's campaign tells us she is here in the Charleston area tonight. But is not making any public remarks, nor does she have any public events tonight. We're told she's going to have a private watch party with her staff, food, music, and we're told the mood there is, quote, jubilant.So, we asked the campaign what are their expectations heading into the Super Tuesday. They told us to be competitive. We asked well, what is competitive mean? They said, it's not for the media to decide that, but they point out that Nikki Haley has been getting chunks of voters in these early states, they feel there is an appetite for a non-Trump vote out there.However, the bottom-line is, if she wants to get past Donald Trump, she has got to start winning some states outright. So, we asked the campaign, are there any states they feel particularly good about tonight on the Super Tuesday where they feel they've got better chances. They told us kind of wink-wink, take a look at the state she's been campaigning in, in recent days.So, take a look at this graphic right here. This is a map of where Nikki Haley has been in the last week or so. She has been crisscrossing the country 15 different rallies in all these different states. Some of the states you probably want to keep an eye on tonight are Virginia, Vermont, and Minnesota when it comes to her chances. But we're going to be in touch with the campaign. We'll be watching some of these early returns coming in. And we'll keep you guys posted based off what we hear. We'll send it back to you.BAIER: Hi, Bill, do you know if there's an open bar there?MELUGIN: No open bar, but we've got a nice up here behind us and some boats and some fishing.MACCALLUM: Nikki's party, Bill.BAIER: Nikki's party, you can't get in there.MACCALLUM: Trump doesn't have one, so, we're wondering if Nikki does.MELUGIN: Oh, at Nikki's party. No, no. I don't know. We'll put in a request and find out. We'll see. We'll see if it's like (inaudible).BAIER: Investigative reporting --(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: (Inaudible) data point for the evening.BAIER: That's good. Bill, thank you.MACCALLUM: Thank you, Bill.BAIER: Let's bring back our panel, Laura Ingraham, Brit Hume, Dana Perino, and Harold Ford Jr. Harold, what do you think President Biden is looking at tonight? Obviously, he's going to tick through and get these wins. There will be some protest votes out there. And he's getting ready for the State of the Union on Thursday.FORD JR.: I think you said it best at the end. And Brit said it earlier too, the State of the Union is where he thinks he's going to reset and restart this campaign in a lot of ways. Presidents have tried to do that when they've stumbled a bit. And when they've had a difficulty conveying their message. It's interesting when you think about Democrats, and you think about the Far-Left and we've talked about how that's where the challenge is for Democrats to bring that group back.The challenge with Republicans, interestingly is that it's a Bush Republican. It's the moderate Republicans. So, each side has its challenge in trying to bring people back to, if you're President Biden.Seven of the last eight presidential races, Democrats have won the popular vote. They won five of the last eight when you take the Electoral College, that seven debate is only relevant because as you look at congressional races and other things. You look at the fact that California, New York, deliberate Republicans, the majority in the House, this last cycle, in 2022, you're going to have tough races.I'm looking at California closely, not just for the Senate race. But who are the Democrats that emerge in these -- you know, they have those kinds of open primaries, some people call it jungle primaries, where everybody can get into top two vote getters face off in the fall, will there be moderate or liberal Democrats that face off against some of those incumbent Republicans?I think these are the things underneath and I think you're going to inform a little bit about how these races turn out and even how this presidential race turns out when we get this head-to-head?MACCALLUM: So, Dana, the President, President Biden is -- Trump has a plus 45 edge on improving border security. This week, we learned that he had not spoken to -- that Biden hadn't spoken to his border chief Raul Ortiz, and nor the current one, Chief Owens, until he went down there on Thursday to Brownsville. What does he need to say to convince people on Thursday night, because obviously, he's going to have to address what he's doing on this issue?PERINO: What he's going to say, and a lot of the media will help him say it and amplify it is that this problem wouldn't be so bad if Republicans would just work with me to help me pass more money and they're the ones that killed the bill, because President Trump told them to and they're afraid of him. That's what he's going to say.Now that will ignore three years of history and reporting. Rich Lowry had a piece at National Review this week, that said, President Biden's policy on the border started in February of 2021. He started with the executive orders, he wanted to dismantle everything President Trump had done. And in fact, if you remember, at this point during the Democratic primary, right before Super Tuesday, President Biden and all the nominees for the Democrats raise their hand and said that they would be for decriminalizing crossing the border.So, if they want to try to ignore three years of history, they will attempt to do that. Now Republicans have a challenge. They always have a communications challenge. They start at a deficit, and they have to work their way up. But the fact that immigration is the number one issue surpassing the economy in 2024, as an issue means that this is a deep- seeded issue. People are seeing it where the pictures every day, I was surprised that Bill Melugin didn't say and look right behind me, there's more people coming across, because every time you go to Bill Melugin, there's people that are no matter where he is.BAIER: Yes.PERINO: And so, you have a crime issue, you have an economy issue. People in America want a legal system that works. We want immigrants to come here. But President Biden, I believe is going to try to demonize all Republicans and he likes to tag all Republicans with that MAGA line, and I don't think it will work in the end but watch him try.BAIER: Bill Melugin, I think has a condo in Eagle Pass. I'm not sure. Brit really quickly, making U.S. safer, improving border security with independence, this President is completely underwater, you're talking 20 to 75.HUME: He is. And I think Dana is right that he's going to try in the State of the Union address -- to address the issue. And he'll make the very claim she cited about the bill that that came out of the Senate, that was a bipartisan bill, and did have a lot of things that, for example, the Border Patrol union wanted to see passed. In fact, they endorsed the bill, and the Republicans ultimately rejected it. And I think he'll argue that point endlessly.And look, there's some truth in that, at least gives him something to say, I don't think it's going to overcome three years of what people have witnessed with the streaming people across the border, unchecked, almost seemingly unchecked. So, I think it's a tough issue for him. But he at least at this moment has something to say.BAIER: But Republicans obviously point to H.R.2 executive orders.INGRAHAM: Yes, I mean --BAIER: They can do a lot of things.INGRAHAM: Yes, I mean, I've been fighting this issue, the border since 1996, when Bill Clinton did Operation Gatekeeper, and was actually really good on the border in San Diego. My first report ever was on the border. So, it's an issue. I think I know something about, and the fact of the matter is people have gotten really smart on this issue. They knew that the so-called bipartisan bill didn't include anyone with real credibility on immigration.If they were really serious, they would have brought in Mike Johnson, the Speaker of the House and said, look, we've got to get something done. Sit down with us. What do you need, because we want to get this Ukraine funding? We got to get this funding for Ukraine. What do you need? They never did that. That showed me from the beginning. They weren't serious. They didn't really want a border bill. They wanted the issue politically.And I would submit tonight that Mitch McConnell handed it to them on a silver platter, because this was not a serious effort from day one, regardless of the big PR buildup.MACCALLUM: And Bill Clinton in his State of the Union address said, we are a nation of immigrants, but we're a nation of laws and he got applause on all sides.INGRAHAM: Criminal aliens, he referred to them --MACCALLUM: Absolutely. That's right.INGRAHAM: -- as I believe. Yes.MACCALLUM: That's right. All right, we're going to take a quick break here. A live look across the country now as voters make their voices heard on this night of Super Tuesday. More from our Fox Decision Desk as we get more results in, our reporters on the ground, expert analysis across the board and studio. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The Fox News Decision Desk can now project that former President Donald Trump will win Virginia's Republican primary. This was former Governor Nikki Haley's really best chance to win a state other than Vermont with significant delegates at stake.So, with this, he goes on to this first win tonight. He is predicting there could be 15 wins tonight. The former president is, as you look at the board, we'll see if that holds up. Speaking of the board.MACCALLUM: Let's go to Bill Hemmer and get a look at what happened in Virginia.HEMMER: Good evening again. It looks like a tale of two states, really. I'm going to break this down for you in Virginia. Remember the population centers in the northern part of the state up around Washington D.C. This is Loudoun County right here, OK. It ranks four out of a hundred and thirty-three, so you know that's where the people live, right? About five percent state population.You see where Trump did so well. This might be part of the reason why you make such an early call. OK. So that's impressive for the Trump team. Down here around Richmond. Let me just go pop in here a second. See if I can nail this right here. Come on. Enrico County, OK, only 12 percent counted, but that's impressive number there about 60 percent.The reason I say that is because of what Rubio did eight years ago. So let me come back to that moment. I want to show you what Trump's secret sauce is. In Virginia, you're going to likely see it. North Carolina. You're going to see it in Tennessee. You're going to see it in Alabama. You're going to see it in Arkansas. All across the country tonight and that is the rules.Right down here along the border with North Carolina. Let me just go tap it around here, OK. Keep your eye on this number here. They're almost 79 percent here. Pop on over to Halifax you're at 89 percent there. I'll jump back over here. Brunswick County 83 percent. Let me go down here toward the border with Kentucky and find out what we've got. All right, you're at 87 percent. A little closer here, 94 percent.Wow. I mean, this -- he's just running up the score guys, 92 and a half percent, and on and on it goes. And the rules there in the state of Virginia, hence the reason why it's been called for Trump tonight. The Haley team thought, hey, if there's a chance we can win a state tonight, might be Vermont, it might be Virginia. Right now, Virginia is off the table.Let me just -- while I got you. But let me see what's happening in Vermont. I haven't checked this in some time here. All right, too soon the call. She has a slight lead. You've got about, what? Nine percent of the vote being tabulated so far. So, we got a ways to go. We'll come back to -- yeah, we'll come back to Vermont in a second.BAIER: To North Carolina?HEMMER: Yeah, was going to do that right here with 74 delegates in North Carolina, because the polls just closed in North Carolina about seven, eight minutes ago. What Haley is going to try and do again, population centers, remember. All right, this is Raleigh, this is Wake County, it ranks population wise, one out of a hundred. OK. So, there's zero votes in right now, at least being reported there in Wake County.This is Mecklenburg out of Charlotte. This is two out of a hundred. Nikki Haley has a slight lead there. But again, we're just talking about 500, 400, about a thousand votes so far in Charlotte. I like the pattern I just showed you guys here in Virginia, like the rural, just pop on down here to North Carolina.You're going to see similar numbers on this side of the border as we throughout the night. I would expect here along the border with Tennessee, and also along here along the Atlantic Ocean as well in the eastern side of North Carolina. That is Trump's secret sauce. That is where he wins. Tonight, he's going to do it again and we're going to see it state by state.BAIER: All right.MACCALLUM: So, let's go to Mark Meredith, as we have just mentioned, North Carolina, the polls are closed. We're waiting for more results there, but he's on the ground in Raleigh. Hi, Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Martha, good evening to you. We are watching two major contests here in North Carolina. The first, the one that you and Bill were just talking about, the presidential primary Nikki Haley and Donald Trump both making stops in the Tar Heel State trying to get out the vote in these final days.But the second race, and one the entire country is going to be talking about by November, the race to be North Carolina's next governor and here's why. You are likely going to see the two candidates for this Democratic and Republican challenge both come at each other from the extremes of their party. At least that's how they're going to try and portray each other.Republicans going in tonight, we're looking likely to back Mark Robinson the state's lieutenant governor. Trump endorsed him over the weekend, even calling him at one point, Martin Luther King on steroids. While Robinson appears to be a rising star within the Republican Party, he is still quite controversial. He's made a lot of controversial comments in the past on things like guns and gay rights, and Democrats in the state will try to weaponize those words against him if he proves to be victorious tonight.Democrats also having a number of different candidates to choose from for governor. Their incumbent Democratic governor, he is term-limited. He threw his support behind the Attorney General Josh Stein, a 57-year-old, vowing to campaign on climate change, as well as the economy. But North Carolina, Martha, certainly a state a lot of people are going to be talking about between now and November. Martha.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much.BAIER: Meanwhile, we've been talking about immigration, but also crime is a top concern for voters all across the country. Alexis McAdams has a closer look at that. Good evening, Alexis.ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Bret. Well, when you're out of the campaign trails, as you know, you talk to people and they speak about everything from violent crime to migrant crime. It's incidents like this on your screen that have people all across the country on edge, from smash and grab robberies in Virginia, to brutal beatdowns out in California.These crimes that you're looking at there on the screen, you can see the guy waving a gun, and the beat down there in the corner, those are just in the 16 Super Tuesday states. Although, the FBI says crime in almost every single category has gone down across the country in 2023.What are those stats really mean to people who have been victims? Not much, right? And this election, migrant crime is sitting in the national spotlight here. You can check out these mugshots with recent cases of migrants accused of committing violent crimes, including the tragic case of Laken Riley, which we've been talking about. The 22-year-old nursing student was murdered while out and run in Georgia.Now, Jose Antonio Ibarra, who you see here getting arrested, who crossed illegally into the U.S. from Venezuela, and had previously been arrested, is charged with her murder. Voters say they want change here when it comes to immigration and crime across the country. So now, the White House has called for sanctuary cities across the U.S. to cooperate with ICE, but people say more needs to be done.MACCALLUM: Alexis, thank you very much. So, the Fox News decision desk can now project that President Joe Biden will win the North Carolina Democratic primary. Again, no big surprise on that front.Let's bring back in our panel and Harold Ford. Obviously, good to win. No doubt. The president is happy with how this is going, but there's not a lot of surprises in there.FORD JR.: No, I don't think anyone's going to be surprised at any of these numbers. I think some Democrats will look to some of the battleground states and see what the uncommitted number is, if indeed Marianne Williamson and Dean Phillips, what they're adding up to, but doesn't look like they're adding up to more than ten points combined.You look back historically when Democrats or an incumbent has had a little bit of a challenge, these numbers are consistent there. The real issue, though, are the issues that have been raised here about the polling data, and I think you and Brett have both raised that the upside-down nature on some of the critical issues with the economy.Incumbent presidents win oftentimes, if not every time, when the economy is good and people feel it. There are a number of politicians who've had decent numbers with the economy, but people didn't feel like they were doing well. They're at home.There are a number of people who will say crime numbers are coming down or statistics are coming down, but if you don't feel safe, stats don't mean a thing. So, we've got it. Democrats have to figure out how they not only craft the message, but how they go about making sure the best practices around a country of fighting crime and reducing homicide rates and reducing theft, they're able to bring some of those ideas to cities where people don't feel as safe as the numbers suggest they should.BAIER: Laura, what about that, the issue of how people feel. You know, when you're sitting at the kitchen table and you're doing the budget on the back of an envelope, people would feel it. And right now, credit card debt is on the rise, even though some of these numbers the Biden administration talks about are pretty good in the big picture.INGRAHAM: Yeah, the bottom line, I think, is people feel unsafe on the streets, especially in cities like New York or D.C., where I live. And they also feel unsafe economically. That's unsteady, insecure, and just little things, like buying chicken for your family for a dinner, going per pound. What it costs now versus what it cost three or four years ago. It is staggering, 21 percent increase is an enormous amount for an American family of the things they buy every week. That makes a big difference.So, when they say, oh, things are better. Well, they're better for maybe the top, top, income earners, but it is not better for the middle class and for good reason.HUME: This is a problem, a political problem posed by inflation. It's not just that the people who can't afford it feel, people can't afford it, feel it, and they don't like it. And what's happened is we had this -- we had a significant jump up in inflation that went on for several years. The fact that it's calmed down now it's fine. But remember what it means. It means, overall, the prices are still rising just not as fast.So, it's an issue that I think this administration -- this campaign, this Biden campaign, is going to have trouble working around, because it's there and it's not -- between now and Election Day, people sense about it. I don't think you're going to change.MACCALLUM: Today, the president blamed greedy corporations for giving CEOs big bonuses and that that's the problem. That's why you have so much inflation.PERINO: You're going to see a lot of that in the State of the Union address.BAIER: Junk fees.PERINO: So, remember, last year, we were there with the most memorable things about junk fees. So, apparently, they're going to say that every American has saved like $650 on their junk fees. OK. But that doesn't deal -- if you're not dealing with the junk fees every day, you're dealing with the grocery store every day, and that is what is really hurting people.And I think that -- he does have some things to talk about, right? Like, President Biden to talk about insulin and the cost figure, and figure out a way to get that under control for a lot of people that have to buy that, he's going to tout something that I don't really like, but their prescription drug Medicare negotiations with the companies, he's going to say that I'm taking it to those companies.But again, when you go back to when he won, he was the person who was like, I am the regular Democrat, I am not the left wing of the party, and then having beaten Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, he took all sorts of staffers that work for them and placed them in his administration, which led to a lot of the policies that Steve Ratner, Larry Summers, other Democrats saying, whoa, guys, this is going to cause inflation and they turned out to be right.FORD JR.: To Lauren Briggs points out a guy who shouldn't -- who I know well, who should not be worried about these things, about the steadiness. Ask him what do you worry about the most? He goes, my refrigerator breaking, because I got a big one. I'm not sure I could afford the jolt it would have. This is a guy, four years ago, I would not thought -- would not thought to have said these things.So, it's hitting not just people we think. We look at the numbers and the income, it's hitting a lot more people than we think.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: The emergency fund that people have, like regular people have emergency funds, they don't have an emergency fund. Like, 50 percent of the country can't afford a thousand-dollar unexpected bill.BAIER: Chuck --INGRAHAM: That's terrifying to live that way.BAIER: It is a Super Tuesday unlike any other, in part, because of the pivotal role the Supreme Court is playing in this election. Our legal panel tackles that. Plus, more results from across the country as our Super Tuesday coverage continues here on Fox.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: You cannot take somebody out of a race. The voters can take the person out of the race very quickly. But a court shouldn't be doing that and the Supreme Court saw that.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Former President Trump hailing a Supreme Court decision preventing Colorado and other states from kicking him off their ballots. It's one of the many legal challenges colliding with his White House campaign. Shannon Bream is in Washington with our legal eagles, Andy McCarthy and Jonathan Turley. Shannon.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Yeah. Good evening, Bret and Martha. And guys, if only we had something to talk about. There's nonstop legal stuff going on here. But let's start with that. Yesterday, the Colorado ballot, a winning argument for the Trump team, but they've got this immunity case. He loved the Supreme Court yesterday. I'm not sure he's going to feel the same way this summer.JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, that's the problem with sequels is they don't always go what you had hoped for. The fact is, the odds are against the president on immunity. Now, it's true that once you get into that high grass of presidential immunity you often don't know where you'll come out because some of the justices may be concerned less with the result, as they are with the rationale. That the D.C. Circuit itself was sweeping. It's not just Trump's arguments that are sweeping. And that may have given pause for some of these justices to say, we need a little more delineation.But there's a very good chance, in my view, that they could end up sending the mandate back to the trial court in June, is with the most -- the most likely. Then that would restart the trial and they'd have to get through pretrial motions. But if it goes back in June, it's possible that you could have a trial before the election.And it's certainly -- in this case, the special counsel has said that he does not feel that he is bound by the long-standing policy at DOJ to avoid trials before an election.BREAM: Close to the election, yeah. But before we even get there, Andy, there's this matter of the New York trial that you got to get through. And the Trump team has sent a blistering letter to Alvin Bragg up there saying, you're proceeding with all these trials and these things like Allen Weisselberg being in court, again, with a plea deal this week, and yet in their words you are allowing people guilty of brutal attacks on law enforcement, and murderers to just roam the city free.ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Look, he's in a political battle as much as a legal one, and he's fighting it that way. And he's got a lot of ammunition with Alvin Bragg, who is the Paragon progressive prosecutor, and who does have a well-deserved reputation in New York for minimizing the number of cases they take, and then taking the cases they have and pleading them down, contrast this with the 76-year-old nonviolent Weisselberg who he is now prosecuted twice in 18 months and is about to put in, I guess, Rikers Island for another five months.BREAM: So, in jury selection starts we think on the 25th, Jonathan, how well do you think that's going to go for the former president, who, so far, has not found New York's court system to be very friendly for him.TURLEY: It's not very friendly and it's a nightmarish jury pool, only rivaled by Washington D.C., which he will also face with a special counsel. And, you know, the fact is that even a hang jury in New York is quite an effort for the defense in a case like this.But Bragg is continuing to just pull out the stops. We just saw that in this case with the objections in the letter, that you get the feeling that he's running out and shooting the wounded before he gets to Trump. And the question is, at what point does a modicum of restraint kick in on any of this.But I think that the Bragg prosecution is the most flawed and questionable of all the cases. And I would be surprised if it could withstand appellate review.BREAM: All right, gentlemen, much more to discuss throughout the night. We'll get some more legal topics. Thank you both. Bret and Martha, back to you.BAIER: All right, Shannon, thank you.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much, you guys. We are just moments away from the night's biggest set of poll closings. New results coming in from five states. Jesse Watters joins us to react as our special coverage of Super Tuesday continues. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Fox News alert, the Fox News Decision Desk can now project the former President Trump will win North Carolina in the Republican primary tonight, so another big win. And so far, all the states that we have been able to call have gone for former President Trump.BAIER: Laura, 1,215 delegates is what he will need.