SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And we're loaded up tonight with a lot of breaking news.Vivek Ramaswamy, he is here to explain why jacked up Joe, your president, is now losing steam only four days after his hyper energetic State of the Union.Also tonight, Matt Gaetz, he will join us with more on his move to fight back against the weaponized Department of Justice.And, you wonder about what your kids might be doing on spring break? Yeah, Jimmy Failla investigates. It's not pretty. Tomi Lahren will react and we'll have the that will shock you.We're going to start tonight with two words, Abbey Gate. It was the sight of that deadly terror attack during Biden's disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan. That's the one where brave U.S. service members were murdered. Last week, the gold star father of a U.S. marine killed in that attack yelled, quote, "Abbey Gate" from the House gallery during Biden's -- well, hyped up State of the Union Address. He was then dragged out and arrested by Capitol police. Tonight, he will join us with his first interview and respond. That's straight ahead.Now, keep in mind, no one has ever been held accountable for Biden's tumultuous withdrawal from Afghanistan. Biden didn't even seem to understand what this gold star father was shouting. The president has long forgotten those who were killed under his watch those that he left behind.And a very hyper jacked up Joe Biden -- well, he did cover a lot of topics during the State of the Union Address, other topics. He was even shamed into mentioning Laken Riley. She's the young woman who was reportedly murdered by one of the nearly 10-plus illegal immigrants, unvetted illegal immigrants of Joe Biden that are poured across the open border to our -- in our south.Unfortunately, well, even Joe got her name wrong, calling her Lincoln Riley. On Facebook, well, Laken Riley's mother, good for her, she responded, quote, Biden does not even know my child's name. It is pathetic.She's right. Of course, Joe didn't publicly apologize to the Riley family or even acknowledge his mistake. No instead he went on MSDNC for a propaganda interview to express his deep and sere sincere regret that he accurately called the illegal immigrant charged with killing Laken Riley, not Lincoln, Laken, Joe, an illegal. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INTERVIEWER: You use the word illegal when talking about the man who allegedly killed Laken Riley.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: An undocumented -- an undocumented person and I shouldn't have used illegal. I should -- it's undocumented.And look when I spoke about the difference between Trump and me, one of the things I talked about in the border was that his -- the way he talks about vermin, the way he talks about these people polluting the blood. I talked about what I'm not going to do, what I won't do.I'm not going to treat any, any, any of these people with disrespect. Look, they built the country. The reason our economy is growing we have to control the border and more orderly flow, but I don't share his view at all.INTERVIEWER: So you regret using that word?BIDEN: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Illegal immigrants, Joe, did not build the country. Legal immigrants did. We'll get to that in a second. Where's the apology to Laken, not Lincoln, Laken Riley's family, Joe? A young woman is dead.And Joe Biden is focused more on using the more inclusive language to describe to alleged killer while falsely claiming that illegal immigrants, quote, built the country. No, Joe, legal immigrants did that, like my grandparents, all four that came from Ireland.As Biden does nothing to curb illegal immigration, he's been aiding and abetting and lying to us for three years. He's not even attempted to prevent violent offenders from crossing our border. And meanwhile, President Trump -- former President Trump actually did meet with the family of Laken Riley, he had this to say about this very bright, young nursing student who was brutally and she was brutally murdered. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: One of the lives that was taken from us was a incredible 22-year-old nursing student right here in Georgia, Laken Riley. From the time she was in the first grade, Laken's dream was to spend her life caring for others and I met her beautiful mother and family backstage, sister, friends, some of her friends or roommate.They said she was like the best. She was always the best. She was -- they admit that she was the best, and she was the first in her class, she was going to be the best nurse. She was the best nursing student. She was always the best -- she was the brightest light in every room they told me.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: I wonder if MSDNC host will giggle over it being the number one issue to the people in states like Virginia. Laken Riley's death is totally unacceptable. In fact, every single murder or violent offense committed by an illegal immigrant is unacceptable. That is simple basic fundamental common sense.While the illegal immigration while -- while legal immigration is an important part of our country, that is true. Illegals without background checks, any proper vetting who abuse our asylum process and commit crimes, they should not be here, and they should be deported.And yet thousands upon thousands pour across that border every single day, including drug traffickers, murderers, rapists and, yes, even terrorists. Even today, FBI Director Wray testified yet again that individuals linked to ISIS are now taking advantage of Joe Biden's wide open southern border. He just forgot the Joe Biden part. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRIS WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: There is a particular network that has where some of the overseas facilitators of the smuggling network have ISIS ties that we're very concerned about and that we've been spending enormous amount of effort with our partners investigating. Exactly what that network is up to is something that's again the subject of our current investigation.SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): But, there is a network we're concerned about that has facilitators involved in it that have ties to ISIS, other terrorist organizations.WRAY: Correct, correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Our top geopolitical foes, I keep repeating it, Iran, Syria, Afghanistan, Egypt, Russia and China. Joe Biden signed dozens of executive orders as Mayorkas once said, too many to even list all of those executive orders with the stroke of a pen eliminated Donald Trump's critical border protections that were working, including several on his very first day in office.Even flew thousands -- hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants just directly from their home countries, from Latin American airports, saving them the trip to the border and guess what you paid for all those private flights. And now terrorists have to be here among the millions of illegals who have entered our country.Joe are you even going to listen to your own FBI director, who I don't particularly think is the best at his job and I think he's weaponized and politicized that great former -- the greatest institution ever, the height of law enforcement in the world, the gold standard that has been corrupted by politics.Now according to Gallup, a large majority of the American people now see Joe Biden's open border as a critical threat to our country and yet, President Biden refuses to reverse course. He'd rather put Americans in extreme danger than admit that in fact Donald Trump was right, and that he made a mistake by resending those policies.Now, this represents a massive betrayal and with Joe in office, it will only get worse, a clear and present danger to this country. And time and time again Biden has proved himself to be a terrible president, a congenital liar. He has for three long years been saying the border is closed and the border is secure, again and again and again. Now he's trying to blame Republicans.Anyway, joining us now with reaction is former senior advisor to President Trump, Stephen Miller, and FOX News contributor Charlie Hurt.So let me get this straight Stephen Miller, Joe Biden will apologize to the alleged murderer of Laken Riley and from Venezuela illegally who should have been kicked out when they caught him in New York, and should have been not have been allowed into the country in the first place. But he won't apologize or reach out to Laken -- not Lincoln -- Laken Riley's family and apologize for saying Lincoln in a State of the Union Address.That's who I think he should have apologized to.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Oh, Sean, I've sat here with you before for a number of interviews about this border invasion. I've never been more infuriated than I am talking to you tonight, that young beautiful woman in Georgia was savagely beaten to death, and the person charged and that monstrous crime is a criminal illegal alien released into this country, freed, permitted to enter this country by Joe Biden on a ticket an entry ticket from Joe Biden and when it came time to give an apology to whom did he apologize, he apologized to the criminal alien that stands charged and accused of this savage beating and murder.He said, I will not disrespect that illegal. I will not call them and illegal. People like him built this country.He complimented him. He praised him. He graveled to him. He apologized to him and not to the family of this incredible young woman.This is the president -- the president's moral duty is to our citizens. When our citizens suffer, the president suffers. His heart should bleed only for Americans and this beautiful incredible family and instead he grovels -- grovels to the man who is charged with slaying this girl.How could this man sit in the Oval Office and how could any American, Sean, any American think of casting a ballot for this man after what he's done to this family and so many others?HANNITY: And what about a statement in the State of the Union, Charlie, that that there are plenty of legal people in this country that murder people? What -- what was that all about? Or the falsehood that illegal immigrants built this country?No, I think most of the immigrants that came in -- they came in legally like my grandparents, all four of them from Ireland at the turn of the last century.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, because I think -- because what Stephen said is exactly right, this is a man who does not care about the American people, he does not care about the country. He doesn't care about the welfare and the safety of Americans. All he cares about is lining his political nest, making as much money as he can off of his political career. He spent 50 years in Washington on a government salary and he's become a millionaire, many times over.He does not care about our Constitution. He does not care about our borders. He's willing to spend tens of billions of dollars to enforce borders halfway around the world and does not care about our borders.And you know, the other thing that I thought was kind of interesting when - - when he went into that whole weird, you know, digression about where he called Laken Riley "Lincoln Riley", he also brought up the fact that he lost a son a few years ago which had absolutely nothing to do with anything. But for him, it's all about him, that's all he cares about.He cares about himself he does not care about the country, and what Stephen said is exactly right just a minute ago. And I understand why there are a lot of good Americans who have given up on the political process and they've walked away. They've -- they're so disgusted by these people, that all of them, they've just walked away from the process.You have an obligation to come back to the process. This is a war that this man Joe Biden has launched against you and against your country and if in November, you haven't figured out how to cast your ballot to make sure that this guy gets send packing and anybody who is in league with this guy get sent packing, then our country is doomed with these people.HANNITY: You know, Stephen, this is now the second time that the FBI director has spoken out about the nature of the danger that now exists in this country he talked about you know the chatter has never been louder, threats in every direction and today, now, Director Wray talking about ISIS -- people with ISIS links now coming into the country. And I'm listening really closely here and I don't think you really have to read between the lines to hear him saying that we could very well be on the verge of a terror attack because I would bet everything I had and I pray to God I'm wrong and I've said it a hundred times, that among the nearly 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants, I would bet that there are people that are terrorists, that are plotting and planning and scheming their next attack, the next 9/11, October 7th or worse against our country, that they are already here.Look at the countries we know they're coming from, our top geopolitical foes.MILLER: Sadly, sadly, Sean, you're right, and it can't be argued or debated or disagreed with anymore. Our foreign enemies and foreign adversaries from all over the world from the Middle East and from Asia and far-flung countries are infiltrating through the wide open southern border.And when you have someone like Chris Wray who's certainly not on our team, Sean, saying what he said today, that tells you how terrified they are about the threats that are coming across that border. And so, you have a party and a president and a left-wing movement in this country that is so determined to bring illegal aliens in for electoral votes, for congressional seats, to make them citizens, to increase and make permanent their political power, they are willing to even risk multiple terrorist attacks on this country, not to mention of course the attacks on families like the Riley family.So I want to second what Charlie said. People out there who are disengaged in the process get engaged in the process now.HANNITY: I would argue that the FBI director needs to talk to Biden because he's not enforcing the laws of our land. Last time I checked, he has a constitutional oath to uphold and that would be -- he doesn't get to pick and choose which laws he's going to going to enforce and which ones he won't. And I think he'd even take it a step further because he's been aiding and abetting in this horrible process.All right. Stephen Miller, Charlie Hurt, thank you both. We appreciate it.Now we check back in on jacked up Joe Biden who was -- well, as we all know unusually energetic during his State of the Union, shouting, screaming, speeding through that bizarre, you know, State of the Union. Many Americans who observe Joe Biden regularly, yeah, they were pretty confused by the extraordinary level of energy that Joe had.I don't know if he doubled up on red bill -- Red Bull or caffeine pills or maybe he just had a miraculous burst of vitality, which is extremely doubtful. But whatever the cause, jacked up Joe now appears to be losing steam. And over the weekend, Biden had almost reverted back to his usual form. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Pennsylvania, I have a message for you, send me to Congress that I can support this right and I promise you, if we take back Congress, we will restore Roe w. Wade. In the U.S. Capitol, the same building where our freedoms came under assault in July the 6th -- excuse me -- January the 6th.We cut the deficit and we added more to the national debt than any president in his term in all of history.Before I begin, I want to say thank you --(SHOUTING)BIDEN: What they're going to do is to ensure a national -- really endanger our national security. They're going to expend -- you know, are they going to expand personal freedoms? Well, that's what we're going to do.Folks, we have come through pretty tough times, and I know -- I know we got a lot more to do. We had to stay off, we had to start off by vaccinating America.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Rest in peace, jacked up Joe, we likely won't see that Joe again until probably the DNC convention or if he ever dares to debate Donald Trump, which I think he'll avoid at all costs. In fact today, the president was fully back to baseline and in desperate need of some rest and relaxation. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Last -- not long ago, my buddy John McCain passed away, my predecessor friend who went -- he -- that's how he ended his career, voting no.When asked if he changed his position he said, quote, there's a lot you can do in terms of cutting, tremendous amount of things you can cut. It may be precise. Tremendous amount of things you can do, not cut. He said I will -- and -- but the bottom line is, he's still at it.Fifteen million new jobs, that's good but it doesn't -- it doesn't really connect yet to people, even though they've benefiting from it. Inflation down from 9 percent to 3 percent, 800,000 manufacturing jobs.But my dad used to have an expression -- anyway, am I allowed to take any questions?(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: Any -- any anybody here has asked?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you press.(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. No doubt a leisurely trip to the beach is in Joe Biden's near future.Anyway, here with more, former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy is with us.Sir, welcome back to the program. Appreciate you being with us.Pennsylvania, I have a message to you, send me back to Congress. We added more to the national debt than any president in his term. I'm like, okay, well he's getting a little closer to the truth. July 6th, okay, sure. You guys don't report that I'm winning, I'm like, okay, show me the report where you're winning.I'm sure there'll be a couple in the media but the American -- I got asked all weekend, did you got asked the same thing all weekend, what the hell was that? That was the question I got. What -- what did they give this guy before that speech? Did you get that question?VIVEK RAMASWAMY, FORMER 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Yeah, there's no good answer to that question, Sean, but for all of Joe Biden's frailties and we're going to see a lot of them between now and the end of the year, the thing that's remarkable about this election, Sean, is that we have a unique opportunity, voters have a once in a century opportunity this time to actually compare the records of two presidents side by side, four years of Trump, four years of Biden.Four years of Trump, you have sealed borders, declining crime, a growing economy and staying out of foreign conflict. Four years of Biden, you have rising crime, rising inflation and open border and closer to World War III than we've ever been in my lifetime. That's what this election actually comes down to.And that's a rare opportunity, Sean. It's a once in a century opportunity. Usually you have a president who's stepping up against an incumbent that only able to offer you promises of what they're going to do. The reality is this time, it is a rare opportunity in American history where voters get to choose between the records of two presidents make their choice and if we present it that way combined with Biden's frailties and gaffes I think we're going to have hopefully, a landslide unifying outcome this November.HANNITY: We know what their strategy is. They're going to -- they're going to say democracy is in peril. They'll play up January 6th. They'll lie and demagogue about abortion and in vitro fertilization. Donald Trump is evil and then Joe already commercials they're playing the race card, comparing - - by the way, the guy that praised the former Klansman as his mentor and friend and partnered with the former Klansman to stop the integration of schools uh cu he didn't want those schools to be racial jungles, partnered with the Klans -- former Klansman to do that is now using the Klan in an ad, his supporters.Oh, okay, great. Will these tactics work? Because they're going to have hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars in these lying ads.RAMASWAMY: The sad reality is they will work for some, Sean. But I think the American people have now been attuned not to swallow what their force fed every time. They tried to do this in the past, even with respect to the issue of immigration, now look at how that's backfired. They said building the wall was somehow racist or xenophobic, that asylum policies that are like the ones that you have for Biden are required for compassion or else you're xenophobic.I say this as the kid of legal immigrants to the country, that is not compassion. That is cruelty to everyone involved. And on this campaign, I've been to places like the South Side of Chicago where you have a traditionally Democrat region that's every bit as put off by the actual open border policies we have in this country that I think we're going to bring many people along with us who the Democrats never imagine and that's how we're going to succeed.O'DONNELL: Well, certainly, we can't -- things can't get much worse than what this guy's done to the country.Vivek, great to have you. Thank you.And straight ahead tonight, you know the Gold Star father arrested after chanting Abbey Gate at Joe Biden's State of the Union. He will speak out with us for the first time.Also, tonight, well, it's that time a year. Take a look, parents --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Questions, Trump or Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump.FAILLA: Trump for the win. Trump or Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Biden.FAILLA: Biden, you believe that? C'mon, man.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm joking. Trump for the win!(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Kids at spring break. It's back. Jimmy Failla and Tomi Lahren. We also have Congressmen Matt Gaetz is here with more of his efforts to fight back against Joe Biden's DOJ, and, of course, being politicized or weaponized, and by the way of a new low for big new CNN with fake Jake, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Now last Thursday, during the State of the Union Address, the father of one of the Marines killed in the Abbey Gate bombing in Afghanistan at Karzai Airport during Biden's chaotic withdrawal had some choice words for Joe Biden. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: The year before I took office, murder rates up 30 percent. Thiry percent they went up --STEVE NIKOUI, GOLD STAR FATHER: Remember Abbey Gate! United States Marines, 2nd Battalion, 1st Marines!BIDEN: The biggest increase in history. It was then through no -- through my American Rescue Plan.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Incredibly, this gold star father Steve Nikoui was actually arrested afterwards and charged by police with the disturbance of public peace. By the way, it carries up to 90 days in jail.Steve joins us now for an exclusive interview, along with California Congressman Darrell Issa.First, sir, your son was 20 years old. I'm so sorry at your loss and frankly, to me, it's understandable how you feel and it doesn't -- I still believe in free speech. You are one man, a grieving father that should not be arrested for one minor little moment at a State of the Union Address.I find that offensive. I think Joe Biden by now should have spoken out and said leave this Gold Star father alone. I wouldn't expect it from him. It probably won't -- doesn't even know his name, or the name of the other 12 people killed. But what's the status of where you are and I'm -- I'm sorry about your loss, with all my heart I mean that.NIKOUI: Well, thank you for having me, Sean, and I want to -- I want to thank the man next to me, Congressman Issa. He's part of a group that has helped us the other Gold Star parents since June when -- you know, we didn't know if we had any chance. He's part of four congressmen that we affectionately call the four horsemen, which is Issa, Waltz, Mast, Mills, all led by Chairman McCaul, who've helped to try to get us answers and we wouldn't be here right now if it wasn't for them. So I want to thank Darrell for, you know, helping us.And also, I want to bring light to the fact that on the 19th, General McKenzie and General Milley who we believe, you know, are the main causes of the evacuations debacle, they're going to be at Congress and, you know, these are the ones that said that there was nothing that they could have done and they didn't see anything wrong with the way that this evacuation was handled.And, you know, I need all Americans to be -- you know, watching that, be a part of that and, you know, Democrats and Republicans to finally speak out against it so we can get some closure to this terrible thing that's happened.HANNITY: Now, you lost your son and then you had another son who committed suicide a year later near Kareem's grave. I read -- I read this and my jaw dropped to the floor because I don't know how parents --NIKOUI: Yeah, I appreciate you bringing that up.HANNITY: Yeah.NIKOUI: Yeah, I'm sorry to interrupt you. I want to be clear and I want to say his name. So, yeah, I was not his dad. He's been in my life since he was 2 years old. His name was Dakota James Halverson and, you know, his brother loved him very much. He was very close to him and, you know, he was devastated by Kareem's missing or, you know, Kareem losing his life, and ultimately affected him. And he took his life at a park that we were planning to name after Kareem.So, it's -- you know, been devastating for his mother, has been devastating for their -- his siblings, for his brother, for his sisters and the effect of this president, just like Stephen Miller said, you know, this is a reactionary president and the poor Riley family. You know, they're killing, my kid -- they're killing their kid, and what are you going to do America, you're to wait until they kill your kid because, you know, he's a bumper car hitting everything on his way out and the only one that's going to be left to pick up the pieces is us.REP. DARRELL ISSA (R-CA): You know, Sean --HANNITY: Congressman, I saw --ISSA: Yeah, go ahead.HANNITY: Go ahead.ISSA: You've already said -- you've already said the name more often than the president. Steve's already said his son's name more often than the president. You know one of the reasons that there's no closure is there's never been a real acknowledgement by this president and the five Gold Star family members who were in attendance that night, Steve being one of the stalwart's leaders, they were there because they're asking for closure and what you're hearing Steve as a grieving father say is he can't bring his son back, he can't bring his other son back. What he can do is make sure some other family doesn't suffer this way and that's all he's asking the president to do and that's what the president isn't willing to do.He'll talk about Beau's death, but he won't talk about these 13 or how we keep it from happening again and again.HANNITY: I think that's such a good point.Mr. Nikoui, I don't even have words for people like yourself and families like yours, and I hope, Congressman Issa, I hope that you and the -- your fellow congressmen can get together and somebody get -- get the police off this guy's back. Can we at least do that? Can we at least, you know, let this guy have free speech rights after all he's been through? Do we really need to pile on with a legal system? Do you think we're going to be able to help him that way at least?ISSA: Sean, we've already contacted and we're following up with a letter to show the history of other people with far less reason to have an outburst who have not been charged, and that's under president -- as recent as President Trump.So we think it's only just that there be equal treatment if not less. You know, I've known Steve now since this that tragic day and the first time we met and we've been together many times. He is someone who is grieving. He prays every day for the other -- men and women of the armed forces, especially the Marines, and that is the reason he was willing to come his own cost to the State of the Union, and it's the reason he's here tonight is that it is so important that these young marines and soldiers not have died in vain.HANNITY: Mr. Nikoui, I can tell you this -- we have a really special audience that watch this show.(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Yeah, sir?NIKOUI: I'm sorry, go on.HANNITY: No, that just that I know everyone hearing you understands -- can understand the pain you're going through. You wanted to say, sir?NIKOUI: Yeah, I just wanted to say, I wanted to be clear what I had said because the only time I ever watched it was right now. I don't watch anything that I've ever been on and I don't have a social media that I look at, but I wanted to be clear because I think there's some misunderstanding what I said.You know, I said do, you remember Abbey Gate? And when I did that, I was praying in -- you know, because I was looking at this spectacle that I was seeing below me and I was listening to him and I was praying, you know, hoping that maybe at some point prior to this, that he had mentioned, you know, Afghanistan and our kids because all the Gold Star parents were thinking that that might be a possibility. And it wasn't happening.HANNITY: Yeah.NIKOUI: And then as soon as he said something about kids and then something about being safe, I don't even know what I did. I didn't even do that. I just jumped up and I said, do you remember Abbey Gate? It was like the Lord convicted me, the Holy Spirit got in me, and when I did it, I paused, I was like, oh, what did I do, you know?And then right after that, I said, you know, United States Marines or United States Marines Kareem M. Nikoui, second battalion, first marines because I've been waiting for three years for this man to say my son's name into this chamber and he never did. But on this day, on this day, his name was said.HANNITY: Well, I know. Please know our prayers are with you and your family and all the other families as well. God bless you and I mean that with all my heart.Congressman Issa, thank you for what you're doing as well. Thank you.When we come back, the FDNY reportedly searching for the firefighters and staffers that dared to boo the New York attorney general Letitia James, and cheered for Trump. Whatever happened to free speech? We'll explain that in the latest on Trump's legal cases. Matt Gaetz is next, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. The FDNY has now confirmed that it is, quote, looking into firefighters who dared to boo and shouted Trump at Attorney General Letitia James at an event last week. But they insist the probe is about professionalism, not politics. Oh, okay.Now, one thing I can say for sure is this, FDNY heroes like NYPD heroes, they're not checking people's political affiliations when they risk their lives to save others, and don't -- don't we celebrate something called freedom of speech in America? Now you're going to investigate this?In Washington, D.C., Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz asked the inspector general at the DOJ to launch an investigation of the special counsel Jack Smith who Gaetz is saying -- is trying to take Donald Trump to trial before the November election and violation of so-called DOJ policies, promising not to interfere in elections.Here with much more, Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz is with us.First on the -- on the FDNY, I can tell you, I know many of them and guess what? They're not checking people's political affiliation when they're going in a direction and everyone else is going in another direction like on 9/11.REP. MATT GAETZ (R-FL): What's crazy about this is they're doing more to identify the FDNY members who booed Tish James than they are to identify the illegal aliens who are engaged in a crime wave in New York City, raping and beating and killing people. And you know what? When you get to New York's finest and New York's bravest, if you don't stand with them, they'll let you know it. They let Bill de Blasio know it, they're letting Tish James know it.And what you know and what I know about a lot of these FDNY guys, they love -- they believe in the majesty of New York City and that city has been totally tarnished by this lawless pursuit of President Trump for things that I didn't even know were crimes, like a hush money payment and successful real estate transactions where no one lost money.HANNITY: No one lost money, and there was a disclaimer and you have a judge that was far more guilty of phony evaluations than anything the Trump people were even accused of. Unbelievable.All right. Moving on, this -- let's talk about the inspector general, and you would like an investigation which I think would be warranted. The DOJ does have a policy. There's no specific details, but you don't have trials like this before elections.Okay, well, they're supposed to start one later this month. Do you expect a response? What do you plan to do?GAETZ: Here's what I know? The last time there was a big election interference endeavor, it was indeed the inspector general who revealed the text messages between the love birds Strzok and Page and their little insurance policy they had. Well, Jack Smith right now is engaging in explicit election interference. He is the insurance policy except now they're trying to ensure that the trial occurs before the election.If you look at the Amy Coney Barrett concurrence in the Colorado case, she makes specific note of the fact that this is all erupting during a political season, just like the inspector general exposed the Russia hoax for election interference, now he ought to sink his teeth into Jack Smith. Let's find out the coordination that's occurred between the Department of Justice and all of these various and sundry efforts to pursue President Trump.And you know what? What's true about Jack Smith, he has totally given up the game. He's saying the quiet part out loud, because every pleading, every filing, every strategy is directed to get this done before the election. This isn't about the facts in the law. This is about derailing a very productive and very successful presidential campaign of Donald Trump.That's not what the DOJ is supposed to do. Good thing we have an inspector general who's blown up election interference in the past and has the power and the obligation to take it up and do so again.HANNITY: It's -- I think it's a great approach you have. It's going to be interesting to see how they come down on this. It's interesting, this -- these things all happened years ago, but they just magically scheduled a trial in an election year and where Donald Trump would do better on appeal. That would be post-election because I don't think he can get a fair hearing in New York, a fair trial in New York or a fair trial in D.C. for sure, never mind Fulton County.All right. Matt Gaetz, thank you. We appreciate your time.All right. When we come back, wonder what your kids are doing on spring break? Well, we sent our own Jimmy Failla. We gave him a tough assignment this week. He went down to see what really happens.Wait until you see this tape. You don't want to miss it. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. For years on this program, we have been covering the insanity that is your kids spring break and some cities are so fed up with the crowds of unruly college students that they are now breaking up with spring break and they are instituting curfews amongst other regulations to discourage this kind of tourism and behavior. But, of course, it did not -- this didn't stop college kids from -- well, trying to take over Florida this weekend for the spring break kickoff.Well, we sent our very own Jimmy Failla, down to Fort Lauderdale. I wonder if he partied more than he actually interviewed, but we'll see. This is what he -- this is what he reports. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)FAILLA: In Fort Lauderdale, Florida, for spring break and the good news is every college kid is getting a 4.0. The bad news is that's their blood alcohol content. It's a mess. I decided to hit the streets and find out who drinking responsibly and who's getting so bombed, they're going to vote for Biden in the next election.Come on, let's go.Who would rather party with on spring break, Trump or Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump.FAILLA: Oh, this dude just jumped in! This dude just jumped in -- from -- what a small world. They were separated at birth. They just reunited right here at spring break.Give me one question, Trump or Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump.FAILLA: Trump for the win.Trump or Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Biden.FAILLA: Biden? You believe it? Come on, man. Biden's in bed right now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm joking. Trump for the win!FAILA: Yo, spring break is going for Trump which is weird because spring break party is like Hunter Biden, is it not?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No.FAILLA: I mean, he drinks and gets nuts.This is my designated driver. I don't know if you guys have met before.Are you from Philly though?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, I'm from North Dakota.FAILLA: Oh, how damn, I'll speak slower. I had no idea of North Dakota. What do you think of indoor plumbing so far?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's pretty good for the economy.FAILLA: How long are you in town for?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Let's say it was Friday, about three more days.FAILLA: Okay. She's not sure what day it is, you might be a Biden girl after all.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, I'm not.FAILLA: Trump or Biden?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What's going on?FAILLA: He said what's going on. He's confused, sounds like Biden.Do you think Biden throws -- but do you think he throws a good party?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, 100 percent no. Trump would throw a better party but, yeah. FAILLA: Oh, no.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh no, but hey.FAILLA: That was the question.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No, it wasn't -- do you have an affinity for people with dementia, it was who throws a better party?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So you're going to go you're going to go Democrat, Republican on me?FAILLA: No, you did that. No, you -- the Philly's coming out, the Philly is coming out, he's going to punch the horse.So who's better to party with on spring break, Trump or Biden?Trump from the dog. Even the pets are going with DT. Rough night. Thankfully, Biden's not awake to see any of this.(END VIDEOTAPE)HANNITY: All right. Joining us now the host of Tomi Lahren is fearless on Outkick, Tomi Lahren is with us.All right. Only Jimmy can make you laugh and it's funny. And in fairness to Florida, they really cracked down, especially in Miami where they had had some earlier trouble. You think parents know how awful this gets for their kids?TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Well, I'll tell you. The young people that Jimmy interviewed, they seemed like harmless young people, having a good time. They seemed, you know, relatively speaking, pretty tame.But you know, I can't help but think when I see spring breakers, especially the ones we've seen in spring breaks past in Miami, twerking on the streets, fighting, brawling, shooting one another. I can't help but think, Sean, are these the same college kids that want the American taxpayer to foot their student loan debt because if so, I'm even more upset than I was previously.I'd also say, if you do have the extra cash or you have your parents cash to go party in Florida, in Mexico for spring break, you can probably also afford to pay your own tuition. But beyond that, the safety issues. I just hope when young people are out, have a good time, you know, if you're of age, drink, be safe, but just remember also that the cartels are alive and well and the thing that you think you're taking might have fentanyl in it. So make sure you have your wits about you. Make sure you're paying attention because this could be your last spring break if you're not.HANNITY: That's a great point. And you know, when we did this years ago, and Ainsley went down there, I mean, we had one moment where a girl said, what would your parents think? F my parents, and then the fact that you have people that literally are targeting these kids with drugs that they're making in their basement and probably most of them don't have a high school education, let alone a college education, that's scary.LAHREN: Yeah. What also -- what also worries me too, Sean, is we've seen it in the past, when something does go down and something violent or dangerous happens, unfortunately, our young people today have more of an affinity for recording it than stepping in doing the right thing. So if you're a good person out there, step in, do the right thing, call the police. Don't just record it for content, please.HANNITY: Oh, it's true and parents know that there's a lot of danger. I don't know, maybe just say no. Just -- you know, take it on the chin, be a parent.All right. Tomi Lahren, thank you.When we come back, CNN, they actually sink to a new low. That means a lot. And I have a little message for fake Jake Tapper after the break. You don't want to miss that, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Fake news CNN, well, they continue to hit new lows. During last week's State of the Union Address, the network declined to air the ad that faults Biden for the death of nursing student Laken Riley, so much for objectivity. A CNN spokesperson claiming the advertisement did not meet commercial clearance, guidelines and policies.All right, speaking of not meeting standards, I was supposed to have a message for fake Jake Tapper. But after my team did a little investigating, this guy barely like gets over 500,000 viewers a day or night or whatever he's on. I'd say, if you want me to respond, fake Jake, you need at least a million -- a million and a half viewers before you get my attention. I addressed him on earlier today.Jake, you're a liberal talk show host pretending to be a journalist. That's why the name fake Jake is perfect for you. Choose your lane, Jake.That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Please set your DVR, never miss an episode.Let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face.