BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Trial will begin. First, join us for our special Super Tuesday coverage, it begins 7 PM Eastern Time. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. We've got you covered. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from Washington tonight. Thanks for being with us. We've got it right here, I've got it in my hot little hands, the transcript of Hunter Biden's depo on Capitol Hill yesterday. All right, we're going through it page-by-page. It's even dogeared highlighted in tab. We'll bring you all the juicy details in moments. But first, dueling border visits. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Bad, bad poll numbers, very bad poll numbers. That's the reason and the only reason that the White House decided to send Biden finally to the border after years of avoiding it like the plague. Now by traveling there today, the same day as Trump's visit, Biden hope to kind of steal Trump's thunder. But Texas Governor Greg Abbott set the crowd straight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): We have President Trump back into the state of Texas, literally on the border itself. At the very same time, we have President Biden down in Brownsville, Texas, which was an obligatory visit by him. He'd never been to the border. In fact, I don't think he's on the border itself right now. He's in some sanitized location. It just goes to show that Biden does not care about either Texas, or the border and what's going on.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Oh, he's never been better than he was today. All right. Well, Biden, of course, went to Brownsville, not to Tucson, not to the San Diego sector, where we reported from, but he didn't go there because he didn't want those visuals. Because there is no defending what's happening. It's a stream of humanity. A lot of you know, working aged man lined up ready to be released into the United States.Now only a few dozen illegals crossed near Brownsville this month, versus where Trump was. So, who won the border duel?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's real simple. It's time to act. It's long past time to act. I just received a briefing from the border patrol and they're all doing incredible work under really tough conditions. Really tough conditions. They told me what they -- where you already know, and we already know. They desperately need more resources. It's time to step up. It's time to step up. Let's remember who we are, we're the United States of America.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Weird. Now, Trump didn't need to pretend to be outraged because he's been on this issue for decades.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Last year almost, half of all ICE arrests were criminal aliens charged for more than 33,000 assaults, 3000 robberies, 6900 burglaries, 7500 weapons crimes. This is all migrant crime, 4300 sex crime, 1600 kidnappings, and 1700 homicides and murders. Just one week ago, a beautiful 22-year-old nursing student from Georgia was barbarically attacked, almost unrecognizable, while she was out on her morning run. I spoke to her parents yesterday. They're incredible people. They're devastated beyond belief.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And in 2015, when Trump announced his run for the presidency, when he came down that golden escalator, he talked about the crimes committed by illegals. When he did that, the press went bananas. How dare he speak about that way about those poor people? And here we are, what is it, almost nine years later, when horrific crimes are being committed by illegals against innocent Americans, the press still doesn't care.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: All the data shows that the crimes committed by undocumented immigrants is much lower than crimes committed by others. But there have been some high-profile crimes, you are going to continue to see Donald Trump seizing on that from now until November.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Seizing on it, because the collateral damage. Any crime committed by America -- by illegal against American should never have happened, because they shouldn't be in this country. Again, the press is not worried that too many illegals are coming to the United States, among them criminals. The press is worried that tough policies could stop more from coming.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you get a sense and speaking to migrants that policies here in the United States might actually alter their decision?DAVID CULVER, CNN SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: I think it comes down to the level of desperation. They have to monitor the ocean at night for people who will be dropped off, that determination is fueled by the desperation.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, that desire for freedom and prosperity for so many migrants undeterred by policy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Did you get what happened there, undeterred by policy? Now forget the hard-working Americans hoping for prosperity, forget those people, they don't count. Now Americans know that Trump has credibility on the border, mumbling stumbling Biden has zero and a hastily organized visit accomplishes nothing. Neither did his lame attempt to resurrect that sham immigration bill that went up in flames. By the way, a talking point given to him by Mitch McConnell.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: This bill was in the United States Senate was on its way to be passed. Then it was derailed by rank and file politic rank -- partisan politics. Conservative leaders supported this. Let's remember who we are, we're the United States of America. No, I mean it, just think about it. There's nothing, nothing beyond our capacity, nothing.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: So why didn't you enforce the border? Why did you gut all of Trump's executive orders day one? Look, let's keep it simple. Trump enforced the border and started building a wall. Biden opened the border and stopped the walls construction.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ABBOTT: Joe Biden lied to America when he told America that he needed Congress to pass laws for him to be able to do something about the border. Because there are three laws that Congress has already passed that are on the books right now that Biden could and should enforce. Biden not only is not building any borders, Biden is using every tool that he can to tear down the borders that Texas is putting up in our state.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And the legacy of Joe Biden -- Americans killed -- dead migrants -- crossings or -- our next guest tweeted that just in Eagle Pass where Trump was, Texas DPS found five unaccompanied children traveling with 60 illegals, all adults, and the kids were ages five to 11.One had a torn piece of paper saying to go to New York. Another piece of paper listing a town in Texas. And the Biden campaign, it wants voters to believe that all of this everything you've been seeing over the last many, many months and years is the fault of House Republicans and Donald Trump. Good luck selling that storyline, even with the help from the press.Remember, what we've always told you, the Democrats policy is to keep the border open. Period. That's what their donors demand. That's been their policy for years. And that's what Biden will do in his second term.The only time you're going to ever hear them touch on the issue of enforcement, pretend to care about enforcement, is when they're in political trouble. And boy, are they in political trouble? And Biden's trip today proves that their focus groups and polls are telling the White House the same thing, they're telling the rest of us. Their open border policies could cost them the 2024 election. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is Lieutenant Chris Olivarez, Texas Department of Public Safety Spokesman and Texas Lieutenant Governor, Dan Patrick. Dan, let's start with you. It was a powerful contrast today. Brownsville, Texas, where there have been just a couple of dozen border crossers illegals in the past month, versus where Trump was at Eagle Pass with our several 100 every week and there had previously been thousands before Texas did what Texas did.DAN PATRICK (R), LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR OF TEXAS: Laura, when I hear the President and any of the Democrats try to blame the Republicans on that bill, that it was a bipartisan bill. No, it wasn't, it was about four idiot Republican senators and all Democrats who wanted to pass the bill. That was it. Republicans didn't sign off on that bill. And the American public knows that having a bill that allows 5000 people in a day is still close to 2 million a year. This is a joke.And look, Laura, you have Republicans who watch, you have independents, you have Democrats at watch. I'm telling you all folks, you better pick a side, or you are going to lose this country and that next person that's killed by a drunk driver who is here illegally, the next person that's murdered could be your wife, your husband, your child, this is going on all over the country, you better pick a side, you're either for a secured border and for this country or you're not, forget your labels of being an independent or Democrat or a moderate Republican.If Donald Trump does not win in November, and I believe he's going to handedly, but if he does not, this country, Laura, will be lost. We lose the country.INGRAHAM: Yes, a few years ago, Chris, the Biden administration was bragging about their record on the border. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'd like to understand from you what Trump era immigration policies have been banned, ended, reversed and if any investigations are underway by you.ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, SECRETARY, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY: So, we have rescinded so many Trump immigration policies, it would take so much time to list them.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Lieutenant Olivarez, Mayorkas said today that there is no executive order that Biden can put into place that would help the border. No executive order, but you see Mayorkas bragging about how they rescinded the executive orders.CHRIS OLIVAREZ, SPOKESMAN, TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY: Right. So, you know there for a fact, that's a blatant lie. I mean, they're lying to the American people. They have caused this border situation for the last three years that we have been dealing with in the state of Texas and you see all the criminal activity that's taking place, of course, with Laken Riley, just that tragedy that took place at the hands of an illegal immigrant that should have not been in the country in the first place.And then you look at the fentanyl crisis, the thousands of Americans that have lost their lives every single year because of fentanyl poisoning. And yet they still refuse to acknowledge the fact that we have a border crisis. And they continue to gaslight the situation, they continue to gaslight to the American people, and it's a state of Texas that's been stepping up for the last three years, because of our leadership, Governor Abbott, the lieutenant governor, our legislature has given us the equipment, the funding, all the support that we need to do our job efficiently.And I think it's been a testament to what we have done at Texas, you look at Brownsville, you look at Eagle Pass. Those are areas that we have secured because of our efforts to the military and through our state troopers. So, state of Texas is leading the way as far as securing the border. That is something the federal government refuses to do.INGRAHAM: I have never been more proud of Texas than I am now, because first sending those migrants to liberal enclaves, that was brilliant. And now taking the border seriously and doing the work that Joe Biden won't do. By the way, Dan, Biden spoke today about the asylum process. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: For those arriving on the border, today, the process to get a decision on asylum claim takes five to seven years. Now you all know it down here, but the people around the country don't understand it. It's far too long. You say well, OK, you can come into the country, but come back in five to seven years, maybe as many as eight years and you get a hearing from before a judge to determine whether you can stay.(END VIDEO CLIP)PATRICK: Laura, he doesn't have a clue what he's talking about. Not a clue. And I was asked the other day, what three things should we do today if Texas was in charge. Number one, we put back Title 42, the Trump policy that kept the asylum seekers in Mexico. Number two, like President Trump did, you go to Mexico, and you tell the President that if you don't stick the army, their Marines on their side of the border and stop this, you're going to put a tariff on everything they sell. And third, you take our great border patrol men and women and instead of treating them like hotel clerks, ushering people in the door, you let them do their job of law enforcement.And we have a bill, Senate Bill 4, it was pushed back in court yesterday. Locally, we'll win in the Fifth Circuit, it will go to the Supreme Court, and it will allow Texas, Laura, Texas to defend our own border. And we will hire every one of these border patrol agents who want to come to work for us. We've got the money; they'll come to work for us. We'll tell Joe Biden and the federal government to get the hell out of the way and we'll secure the border for America because we must stop this, people are dying every day at the hands of Joe Biden's policies.INGRAHAM: Just think of what you have to spend that you shouldn't have to spend because of this. And by the way --PATRICK: We shouldn't, but we must.INGRAHAM: -- the White House released -- yes, released a statement today coining while giving a new nickname for illegal aliens. OK. The Senate bill also includes 1.4 billion for cities and states critical -- who are providing critical services to newcomers. OK, newcomers. So now they've gone from illegal aliens to undocumented immigrants to undocumented citizens to undocumented Democrats. Now they're just newcomers, Lieutenant Olivarez, take it away.OLIVAREZ: You know, Laura, that's disgraceful. We don't need new laws. There's already laws on the books. We know that for a fact. We know that the federal government can enact those policies that were effective, and they can secure the border. We know that was working prior to 2021. We've seen that and we've seen what we've been able to do in Texas.So, the federal government has the ability, they can take executive action and close the border and secure it and prevent tragic crimes that are taking place across the country at the hands of illegal immigrants. But they refuse to do that. They continue to play politics. But of course, again, as Lieutenant Governor mentioned, the state of Texas we're going to continue stepping up and we're not going to back down, because we have the leadership that is willing to take on the federal government.INGRAHAM: Well, as I said in the Angle, their policy is to maintain an open border. That is their policy, and every voter out there has to understand that. Lieutenant Olivarez -- Mr. -- Lieutenant Governor, thank you so much.Now, were Democrats caught lying about what Hunter Biden said yesterday, my team still pouring through the 229-page transcript, and they have all the details. We have them next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hunter, how'd it go? How'd it go?HUNTER BIDEN, SON OF JOE BIDEN: Great.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, that was spin, because now we have the transcript. Now the 200 plus page document about the seven-hour deposition that Hunter did. It contains all sorts of interesting nuggets and juicy gems. First, Hunter admitted that he put his dad Joe on speakerphone with his business associates and then that he invited him to drop by his business lunches. And remember, this is international business.But he's adamant that his dad was never involved in his business dealings, try to figure that out. But what about that inconvenient email that referenced his family's business with China? Remember, it proposed that 10 be held by H for the big guy. Now, we all know who the big guy is, right?Well, Hunter couldn't make heads or tails of that one. He was asked by Congressman Matt Gaetz, why at that time, he didn't take issue with that reference 10 for the big guy, Hunter insisted that he never saw that email and said that if he did, I'm certain that what I would have done is, I would have picked up the phone and said, you're out of your mind.Joining me now is Josh Hawley, Republican Senator from Missouri. Senator, he had another convenient bout of amnesia or confusion about things that I can't imagine most people who are sentient, and I don't think he was always on drugs, was he? Would have a decent recollection of.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Yes, either. He had amnesia. My other favorite line, Laura, from what I've read in the deposition so far is about, asked about certain text messages that are hugely incriminating. He says, I was high at the time or maybe drunk. So, he has amnesia, he's drunk, he's high. And apparently, he just can't go anywhere without daddy. But that's normal for a 40 something year old grown man. I mean, that's what we're to believe.This is ridiculous. He's trying to play us for fools. Everybody knows the truth here. He just confirmed that that Biden participated in the lunches, he met with his business associates, he was selling access to his dad, I mean, it's clear as day.INGRAHAM: Well, his attorney, Abbe Lowell, who gets paid a pretty penny per hour. He said that Republicans, this is just more fishing expedition. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ABBE LOWELL, HUNTER BIDEN'S ATTORNEY: The Republican majority ends the day with where they started, they have produced no evidence that would do anything to support the notion that there was any financial transactions that involved Hunter with his father. Period. There is no evidence because there is no evidence, and today only confirmed that.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator, this is all they have, as if we're expecting a check to be written out by Hunter to Joe or by a Chinese energy company to the former vice president saying in the notation line saying, thanks for the help through via Hunter. That's not how these things work. But of course, that's all they really have.HAWLEY: I can understand now why Hunter's lawyer doesn't want him to testify in public or to answer any questions in public, because he just confirmed the core of the House's case, he just told them, Joe Biden was in the meetings. He just told them; Joe Biden was on the phone. I mean, these were the smoking guns that Democrats earlier said, oh, that's not true. That's all made up. Hunter confirmed it all.So, hey, I'd love to see this guy under oath in front of the committee in public that needs to be the next step here. Let's let the whole nation see the truth, which looks to be that Joe Biden is a crook.INGRAHAM: There was one particular meeting at the Four Seasons that Hunter was asked about with the Chinese energy, I believe the CEO, and again, Joe Biden attended that meal at the Four Seasons, but Hunter just couldn't remember any of that. So again, isn't that something that you would remember, the Chinese energy CEO sits down with your father, the former vice president and perhaps future president if he had his way.But you don't -- it might have happened. But right now, I don't have any independent recollection of that, Senator Hawley.HAWLEY: Yes. And I guess that we're just to believe that Joe Biden goes to all of these meetings for the food, I mean, he's just bored. And so, it's like, sure --INGRAHAM: He gets nothing out of it.HAWLEY: -- Hunter Biden (inaudible) again. And he gets nothing out of it. It's just a free meal to him. I mean, this is ridiculous. It's totally ridiculous. What Hunter has done here is confirmed the core facts that Joe Biden participated, he was involved. I mean, there's only one way to read this. The guy was selling access to his dad and Joe Biden was a willing participant. I mean, if that isn't the key part of this case, I don't know what would be.INGRAHAM: Again, the question is, how did the Biden's get so rich?HAWLEY: Yes, exactly.INGRAHAM: I mean, the Democrats are fine without how they got so rich, they don't have any problem with it. But Hunter was asked about the money he did get from China. And he said, the question was, how many millions have you received from Chinese companies? Hunter said, I don't know the exact amount. But I know that it was all completely legal, and it was incredibly ethical.HAWLEY: Sure, of course, because since he's a Biden, there can never be any questioning of him. I mean, the press never questions them, right? I mean, he never has to be accountable for anything. The truth is, is that we know he's been paid by foreign companies. He's confirmed that he offered his father up to foreign investors at these meetings that his dad was on the phone, his dad went to the lunches, the whole family has gotten rich and now it looks like just exactly what it is.It looks like a bribery scheme, a quid pro quo scheme selling influence involving the President of the United States. Laura, this is serious, serious stuff. And I just hope the House keeps pressing, and that they put Hunter under oath in public and make him testify.INGRAHAM: Bought and paid for by China. There's nothing -- no problem with that. Senator, thank you. All right, what really happened to Laken Riley, a forensic investigator reacts to the arrest reports gruesome details. Again, allegedly at the hands of an illegal alien. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: She was found in a secluded section of the Oconee Forest Park, and police say she was killed nearby and dragged there. There are several dirt pathways that students will commonly run on and it's here where they say Laken was attacked and killed.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: When Laken Riley's body was found last Thursday afternoon near the University of Georgia campus, she was already dead, but before that she tried to call 911. Jose Antonio Ibarra, the illegal alien charged in her murder, allegedly stopped her from finishing that call. Now we know that a recording of the call exists, but police won't release it. We also know that it could provide much-needed insight into the final moments of Laken Riley's life and what this monster did to her.Now until we get that recording, many of the disturbing details we've come to know from the arrest affidavit. In addition to Riley's murder, Ibarra is charged with kidnapping, holding her against her will, he's accused of aggravated assault with the intent to murder by causing great bodily harm with an object. What kind of object, we do not know.Now the aggravated battery charge he's accused of maliciously causing bodily harm was involved in the serious disfigurement of Laken Riley's skull. This is absolutely terrifying. And as a mother, I think about how her family is possibly coping with just the sheer terror of what their daughter was put through by the demon who did this to her.President Trump spoke with the family yesterday. He touched on that a little bit today. Joining us now with his perspective on what we've learned from this affidavit and further questions it all raises, Joseph Scott Morgan, expert investigator, distinguished scholar of applied forensics at Jacksonville State University.Joseph, I want to go through this affidavit piece by piece with you starting with that 911 call interference. What does that tell you?JOSEPH SCOTT MORGAN, PROFESSOR OF APPLIED FORENSICS: You know, Laura, thanks for having me, by the way. That bit is probably one of the most innocuous things, but I think that it's a real tell here. When you begin to think about this, she had an -- it goes to her awareness, right? She had an awareness that this individual was coming after her, ergo, you have her facilitating a call. And at some point, in time, that call was ceased.We don't know what the status of that phone is. Obviously, she had one. There's a lake there immediately adjacent to this path, or one of these paths. I think many of us are wondering if that had been tossed in there, perhaps. But the bigger picture is, is that if he was lying in wait for her, something gave him away so that she had an awareness that she was about to be attacked, and more importantly, she was fear at that moment in time.INGRAHAM: So, in other words, she could have seen him following her or something didn't add -- I mean, it could be as simple as that. She saw him. He might have said something and it scared her.MORGAN: Yeah, attempting to engage her perhaps. Again, this is all speculative. And, you know, one of my thoughts, Laura, was the fact that this is kind of a densely wooded area immediately adjacent. You've got these paths or trails that students run on, this sort of thing. It would be very easy for him to kind of sequester himself in this environment and set up a hide where he watches for an opportunity to prey on a young woman that might be jogging by.I don't know at this point that she was necessarily targeted specifically. She may have just fit a type for him and he sprung at that moment in time. I think that there could be forensics there if this was a hide.INGRAHAM: Women just can't be running by themselves in the United States of America, or hiking, or pretty much anything even during the day. Now it's being reported also that a neighbor of the man accused of killing Laken Riley said that he saw this individual throw bloody clothing and evidence in dumpsters around the apartment complex where he lived.The neighbor was telling News Nation, they caught it all on their ring doorbell camera. Again, more guilty behavior.MORGAN: Yeah, and that goes to that other disturbing bit that you had mentioned just a moment ago, and that's this idea of disfigurement with this unknown object at this point in time. And so, from a forensic standpoint, the GBI, you know, we saw images of them out at the dumpster sites collecting items out of those trash cans. That could be contact trace evidence that were on his clothing, perhaps. We don't know the status of her clothing.But if he had blood on his clothing, he's trying to put as much distance, perhaps, between himself and those clothing, those items of clothing that would be very damning. And you know that goes to another part here where he -- it's not like he's necessarily out of his mind. He has an awareness of fear here.INGRAHAM: You bet.MORGAN: He knows that he needs to separate himself from this because that could potentially be damning evidence.INGRAHAM: Yeah, death penalty. Joseph, thank you.Now coming up, California's screaming, a bizarre, very bizarre brawl with medieval spiked bats shines a new disturbing light on Gavin Newsom's wonderful state. But first, Kamala reveals the administration's frightening new plan to fight crime. Next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: You know that the crime issue is hurting Biden when his former White House comms director is beginning to sound worried.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: People are feeling frightened. I don't subscribe to the Trump vision of America as a decaying wasteland where, you know, packs of people are running wild committing crime. But it is true that people across the country, particularly in cities, are concerned about crime. It is smart for Democrats to be more aggressive about it, to be more responsive to what people are feeling.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: One problem, their view of being responsive is celebrating the Soros prosecutors who are keeping criminals on the streets.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Having progressive prosecutors, for example, who can show what is possible, and then show that it works, and show that, frankly, it's not contrary at all to public safety. In fact, it is a better way. It is a very effective way, among other ways, to achieve public safety.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: She just said the word, way, way too often. But I guess, Kamala, if this is what qualifies as better for public safety. Yeah, remember now, those illegals who were arrested in that brutal attack against NYPD officers were freed without bail. Creative law enforcement. I guess D.A. Bragg can brag about that.And does being aggressive on crime include what D.A. George Gascon did in LA? He gave probation to a man convicted of attempted murder, and that guy went on to kill three women. And is Kamala-style justice what we saw in Austin, Texas, where D.A. Jose Garza gave a plea deal to a woman convicted in a murder-for-hire plot against her husband's parents? Her father-in-law was killed, but her mother-in-law survived. Jocelyn Alexa Edison was given ten-years-probation. No prison time.Joining me now, Tulsi Gabbard, Fox News contributor, author of the upcoming book, For Love of Country. Tulsi, how is your former party going to spin their way out of this mess? You heard what Kamala said. She sounded frighteningly ignorant, especially on this issue where so many lives have been lost needlessly because of these policies.TULSI GABBARD, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, Laura, you hit it right on the head there. You see how Kamala Harris and so many other people in the Democrat elite, not only at the federal level but at the state level and in some of these cities, are so grossly out of touch with reality and lacking basic common sense that the vast majority of Americans have.We know that if you let criminals run free on the streets, there will be more crime. Their lack of common sense and inability to listen and actually see what's going on in our communities is leading to such incredibly dangerous consequences.They're sitting in their ivory towers while people like Ms. Riley are being murdered by a guy who was apprehended when he illegally came into our country and then let free, was arrested shortly thereafter, and then let free. If our laws had been enforced in both of those cases, Ms. Riley would be alive with her loved ones today.You pointed to the example of New York City's D.A. Alvin Bragg who said when he first entered office that he wouldn't prosecute crimes against, even some very violent criminals, and yet he is choosing to pursue these political hit jobs against President Donald Trump, and to continue to allow our laws to be broken, and the people of his city having to live in fear of walking down the street in broad daylight.INGRAHAM: Well, you know, when you listen to the former White House comms director, she did kind of sound the alarm. They know it's hurting them. But she said, well, I don't subscribe to this idea there are roving bands of criminals. I'm thinking to myself, has she not seen the video?Just that last night we played that horrific video out of Vallejo, California where they had this thing called a sideshow, and these people attacked this man in his truck. Just a guy trying to, you know, go about his business. He runs out of his truck. They follow him into a convenience store. They beat him up there. Then, they loot the convenience store as police -- you know, a few police officers are trying to, you know, arrive at the scene.That was just one little community, OK? And these people are, oh, we don't see things like that. We never see that. Well, what are we seeing on the screen right now?GABBARD: Exactly.INGRAHAM: With impunity, by the way. Theft with impunity.GABBARD: Completely brazen crime happening and no consequences, which is why they keep doing it over and over and over again. When you listen to Biden's former communications director and her comments, she did not at all acknowledge how great of a problem this is in our country, and she did not say, hey, Democrats need to step up and actually solve this problem. Enforce our laws. Get these criminals off the street.She's talking about how do Democrats win more votes. They can win more votes by making it look like they care about this problem without actually doing anything about it. So, even though she is recognizing that people are seeing how terrible the Democrat elite are on actually keeping our community safe, she like Kamala Harris and all these other people, they're not actually interested in solving problems, all they care about is votes and how they can stay in their ivory tower of power.INGRAHAM: Now they're going to try to get more help from Mark Zuckerberg, and all their election integrity projects and mail-in ballots.GABBARD: Wherever they can get it.INGRAHAM: Yeah, wherever they can get them. Tulsi, thank you. All right, coming up, what's Gavin having? We slice up that $20 minimum wage bill, and guess what we found. We'll explain it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: This is California under the left's leadership. A beach brawl featuring a woman, in the buff, with a spike club in broad daylight. Here now with all the details, senior national correspondent Kevin Corke. How did you get this duty?KEVIN CORKE, SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Oh, you know, it's a tough job but somebody's got to do it. You know, ask anybody who's actually lived in the Southland, that is the L.A. metro area, and they will tell you that Venice Beach is about as close to a real-life Star Wars bar scene as you can get. You'll never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.To wit, I offer, this wild incident captured Monday. A woman brimming with confidence and sporting only the outfit the Lord gave her at birth. Having, as the Brits say, a go of it. Mere steps from the sand and surf battling another woman who had a spiked club. Eventually, she took it, by the way. And if that weren't distracting enough there was some guy sort of standing there recording the whole thing. Thankfully avoiding every C cup swing along the process.Now, eventually ,the lady who clearly shopped at Ross retreated, while the horseless Lady Godiva simply moved on, and my eyes may need a little while to recover, Laura.INGRAHAM: OK. I thought I had seen it all. I am a member of the California Bar, by the way.CORKE: Well, welcome to California.INGRAHAM: So, this is -- I thought I'd seen it all, in like the mid-80's, the 90's, the early 2000's, but we've entered a whole new level of hell, haven't we?CORKE: Crazy indeed, and it continues each and every day.INGRAHAM: And how many videos of that, you think, we're taking --CORKE: More than you want to know.INGRAHAM: Kevin, always great to see you. Thanks so much.CORKE: Good to see you, my friend.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This is a big deal. Yeah, $20 an hour. Racial justice, social justice, economic justice. You know, make it more gentle, the life of this world.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Don't you just feel like you need to take a shower every time you listen to him? OK, he's bragging about his state's new $20 minimum wage for fast-food workers. But there's a strange carve-out, or should I call it a slice-out, that he worked into it. Any fast-food restaurant that bakes' and sells its own bread on-site is exempt from increasing its minimum wage. Now that's really kind of odd and specific, and basically covers one chain, Panera Bread.OK. Now I get it, everyone loves a good baguette, don't we? But why was getting Panera that exemption so important to Governor Hair-gel?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: That's part of the sausage making, and we went back and forth, and there was part of the negotiation. It's the nature of negotiation. There's a lot of component parts in the industry. It's not just Jack in the Box, not just McDonald's. There are a lot of different players. This affects a lot of different franchisees.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's not exactly true. Turns out that the guy who runs Panera, shocking to many of you, billionaire Greg Flynn, is a big-time Newsom donor.Joining me now Jason Rantz, KTTH radio host, author of, What's Killing America. And also with me, Charlie Hurt, Washington Times opinion editor, Fox News contributor. Charlie, I know this is shocking to you that a Democrat donor gets his own, I'm going to call a slice-out because it's Panera Bread, from the minimum wage.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, it's truly, truly extraordinary. And, you know, when you step back and think about how damaging this is, you know, they love to talk about how they care about workers and they want to help workers. Well, and of course, there's nothing in the world more damaging to workers than raising the minimum wage like this, because, of course, instead of having an $18 an hour job, they have no job at all.But then the real lie comes out when -- so a greaseball like Gavin Newsom comes out and makes a carve out for his multi-billionaire friend, so that his multi-billionaire friend can keep a few more dollars in his pocket instead of giving it to those workers that Gavin Newsom claims he cares about and claims he wants to help. But it's not going to help anyway because they're just going to lose their jobs.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, Jason, we received a statement from the governor's office, very nice of them, denying that Panera was exempt from the minimum wage hike, saying the governor never met with Flynn about this bill and this story is absurd. Our legal team has reviewed it and it appears Panera is not exempt from the law. Jason.JASON RANTZ, SEATTLE RADIO HOST: Well, I guess we're going to find out very quickly. Yeah, I mean, let's see what they're reading because there's literally no other way that I think you can explain this carve out. They redefined bread to exclude croissants and bagels, which you can get at like McDonald's or Jack-In-The-Box. It's only bread as a standalone item that is sold, and of course, that would apply to Panera. That's precisely what it is they do.So, this whole idea, well, we never actually met. Yeah, we kind of know how this works. You don't always meet directly with the person that you are trying to --INGRAHAM: Like Hunter Biden, his father not getting any benefit, right? The same thing.RANTZ: Yeah. Let's look at some of these emails and what code words might be used and code names.INGRAHAM: Yeah. But it's really kind of like Hunter, you know, I think, Charlie, because you know my father didn't get a check written to Joe Biden with a memo line saying for all the help you gave Hunter. I mean, that's -- it's not going to be how it works. It's not going to be how this works.But this is the hair-apparent to Joe Biden, is he not? Oh, did I say hair apparent? That's so weak.HURT: I like that. He is the hair apparent.INGRAHAM: That's a weak, weak joke.HURT: The greasy hair apparent.INGRAHAM: Yeah.HURT: It's better than plugs, I guess.INGRAHAM: Well, I'm not going there.HURT: But, you know, the bigger thing here is, you know, even if you took Gavin Newsom at his word and it is just sort of the sausage making, this, you know, Democrats claim that the government is going to solve all of your problems. It almost never solves any of your problems, certainly not all of your problems. It usually causes more problems.The great thing about allowing free market forces to give everybody jobs and pay them as much as possible, is that they don't care about friends. They don't care who Gavin Newsom is buddies with, who he golfs with, who he vacations with, who he goes to the French Laundry for dinner with. Free market forces just happen when you let government step in. It's inherent in it that it winds up being corrupt, and you wind up with somebody like Joe Biden and his family living in Washington for 50-years becoming huge millionaires, multi, multi-millionaires on government salary --INGRAHAM: For doing what? Yeah, for doing -- how did the Bidens get so rich? That has to be the name of someone's book, because that's the only thing that really resonates with people. A new poll out, by the way, Jason, this matchup, hypothetically, between Trump and Newsom has Trump crushing Gavin by ten points. So, I guess, plan B isn't as strong as they thought it was.It's a shock that California, you know, the rest of the nation likes the beach and likes a lot about California, but doesn't like the policies.RANTZ: Well, I looked at the video you played with the fighting. I feel like that's such an appealing look, we want that to happen everywhere across the country. Why would anyone not like an egomaniac like Gavin Newsom. I can't believe it.INGRAHAM: Now, I mean, Charlie, I'm praying that Gavin Newsom -- and that would be funny, right? I mean, that would -- we're going back to the video Kevin Corke still --HURT: Yeah, of course.(INAUDIBLE)HURT: Yeah. But also, you know, that poll is a reflection of right now, that's before you've had a minute of campaigning between Gavin Newsom --INGRAHAM: Yeah.HURT: -- and Donald Trump, who just came up with a new nickname today, Newscom.INGRAHAM: Oh, no. Yeah, not having it, Gavin. All right, Jason and Charlie, thanks so much. Jesse is next.