SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS HOST: Talk about that come to Jesus moment when Netanyahu said he didn't say it. And a ban on TikTok if Congress passes it, Aishah. Interesting. Thanks for joining us. I'm Sandra Smith.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS HOST: Thanks for having me. I'm Aishah Hasanie. "THE STORY" with Gillian Turner is -- with Martha, is next, Gillian Turner is in.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS HOST: Thank you, Aishah and Sandra. Good afternoon, everyone from New York today. I'm Gillian Turner in for Martha. Coming up on THE STORY, we've got Shark Tank star, Kevin O'Leary, and House Judiciary Chairman Jim Jordan.First up, breaking moments ago, President Biden addressing the backlash he's been receiving from within and without his own party for using the word illegal last night in the State of the Union to refer to migrants. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you regret using the word illegal to describe immigrants last night, sir?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, not probably, I don't regret it. Technically, they're not supposed to be here.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Well, we'll have more on that with Democratic Senator Chris Coons. He also co-chairs President Biden's re-election campaign. We also got reaction from the head of the Border Patrol Union. He's responding to President Biden's State of the Union address last night. President Biden saying that union endorsed the ill-fated bipartisan immigration bill, but claimed the bill was derailed by politics. Here's Brandon Judd telling Martha why the union supported the bill.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRANDON JUDD, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: President Biden has put us in this situation. He has put us in the situation that we never thought that we would ever be in. We're apprehending seven times more people than what we normally apprehend. We have more than ten times the gotaways than we've ever seen. We've got more fentanyl coming into this country than we've ever seen before.We've got more dangerous criminals coming into this country than we've ever seen before. We've got terrorists on the terrorist watch list that are coming into the country. He didn't address any of that. So, he's put us in a position that we're going to accept anything that is better than the status quo, and that bill is better than the status quo.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Well, former Texas Republican Congresswoman, Myra Flores, is running to get her old seat back, she's standing by. But first, we go to correspondent Jeff Paul, he joins us live at the border in Eagle Pass. Hey, Jeff.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Gillian, and President Biden point blank telling Congress to get him a border bill and get it to him now. But it felt like President Biden had a little bit more urgency to address the immigration crisis. Well, that's in part because it is one of the most, if not the most important issues for voters this coming election cycle.But also, this problem isn't going away anytime soon, and our cameras captured that earlier today. This is some new video from Shelby Park right here in Eagle Pass, yet another group of migrants taken into custody by Texas DPS after crossing the Rio Grande. Right after that, this was the scene at a nearby hydro-plant, which is just outside that fenced off area here in Shelby Park.Border Patrol responding to a group of just under 100 migrants made up of family, some very children within that group. And while we aren't as many as those big groups as we used to in the past, law enforcement is still dealing with human smuggling. This was in Eagle Pass just yesterday. You can see that police were pursuing a truck they suspected of human smuggling.Eventually, those occupants bailed out. They were apprehended, and that is just another day here in the Eagle Pass area. Gillian.TURNER: All right. Jeff Paul in Eagle Pass for us this afternoon. Thank you. Let's go ahead and bring in former Texas Republican Congresswoman Myra Flores, she is now running to reclaim her old seat. She's also incidentally married to a Border Patrol agent, has a lot of first-hand experience working these issues on the ground.Myra, thanks so much for being with us. I want to start off by asking you to weigh in, respond to the bubbling controversy surrounding President Biden's use of the term illegal last night when referring to folks in the country without the appropriate paperwork. Take a listen to some leaders in his own party responding to that, the use of that word.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (R-WA): You should have used the word undocumented. I don't believe that the president's heart is with the word illegal. I think, frankly, I think he shouldn't have responded to a very disrespectful Republican member who was shouting at him, the President of the United States. That is not appropriate.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Important to flag, Myra, that the president used the term illegal when referring to the alleged murderer of Laken Riley in Georgia. He wasn't referring to everybody. But anyway, what do you think?MYRA FLORES (Former Texas Republican Congresswoman): Well, I think that that's the way we should refer to anybody that's illegally in the country. I mean, it's a fact that he was illegally in the country, and what's worse is that he had committed a crime in New York five months ago and was released. He should have been deported immediately.Anybody that's illegally in, in the country that is committing crimes, I mean, it's a no-brainer. They should immediately be deported. So, I don't understand why the Democrats continue to defend criminals that are illegally in the country. I mean, it's insane to me. But for three and a half years listen, Joe Biden has allowed millions of illegals to come into our country and has done absolutely nothing to secure the border.All of a sudden, he's screaming and yelling and blaming the Republicans when in fact, it's his policies that created this chaos. And the truth is that he can end this chaos right now with an executive order. He reversed all the Trump policies that were working.TURNER: Well, to that point, we now have eight or so months in this general election cycle, which is in politics, you know, an eternity. But in the world of policymaking, it's not so easy to get things done all the time. Do you think it's too late for the president to turn around the situation at the border in a meaningful way or do you think there is still room?FLORES: Well, I mean three and a half years later, yes, I mean it's, it's very late, but I'd rather him do something now than, than never, you know? I don't think we should be waiting until, until November and continue allowing millions of people to come into our country. I mean, it's putting the American people at risk every single day. So, no, absolutely -- it's never -- he needs to do it now immediately. He continues to blame Republicans when in fact he can change that with an executive order.TURNER: Real quick, what did you make of the president misstating Laken Riley's name during the State of the Union last night?FLORES: I mean, it doesn't surprise me. I mean, everybody should expect things like this. I mean, he can never, he doesn't speak right. He's not able to have a full conversation with anyone. So, it doesn't surprise me. It's a huge disrespect to the family, of course.It's heartbreaking, but it doesn't surprise me. And that's the reason why we need new leadership in Congress. We need new leadership in the White House. And that's exactly what the American people are going to do in November. Last night, all I heard was a man that was screaming, that was angry towards the American people when the American people are the victims here.We have been working hard every single day. We have to get a second job to be able to provide to our children, to our families. We're not able to spend that time with our families that we were three years ago, why? Because we have to get that second job, that third job.TURNER: All right, well, Myra, we got to leave it there. Thank you for taking time with us today. We appreciate it.FLORES: God bless you.TURNER: Coming up, a story exclusive with House Judiciary Chairman Jim Jordan. He is all fired up about his committee's new report that he says exposes big brother type surveillance of Americans' personal bank accounts stick with us.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): These are also the same folks who just a couple years ago told us if you're a parent showing up at a school board meeting, you're a terrorist. If you're a pro-life Catholic, you're an extremist. Now, of course, if you oppose lockdowns, vaccine mandates, want a secure border, don't want gun registration, you're in that category as well.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back. The federal government now is allegedly conducting "broad and alarming" surveillance of Americans through their banks that's finding put forth in a new report out from House Judiciary, the subcommittee on weaponization, it's led by Republican Congressman Jim Jordan. The report says that, "The FBI colluded with bank big banks to spy on Americans who were in the D.C. area around January 6 asking banks to filter transactions by using search terms like MAGA and Trump." Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JORDAN: Federal government is building profiles on the American people. And the profile isn't based on criminal conduct, it's based on political beliefs. And if you got the wrong political beliefs, well, you're potentially a domestic violent extremist.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Well, the top Democrat on the weapon, weaponization subcommittee is blasting Republican colleagues and defending the FBI, listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. STACEY PLASKETT (D-VI): At the end of the day, the purpose of this hearing is to minimize what happened on January 6th and the lawful prosecution of individuals who were engaged in that practice. The chairman wants us to believe that people are being persecuted for their political conduct rather than their criminal behavior.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: All right, well, Congressman Jordan is standing by to tell us what went down. But first, go to Fox News Legal Editor, Kerri Kupec Urbahn. Kerri, so we know from this report, right, that the FBI and the Treasury Department asked four banks to search for terms like MAGA and Trump and extremists, but on the other side of the coin, they also asked for searches according to, I think it was Biden, Kamala and Pelosi. So, what is the heart of the concern here? Is it that conservatives are being infringed upon or is it really that all Americans are being infringed upon?KERRI KUPEC URBAHN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL EDITOR: You know, after looking at the report and looking through some of the evidence the committee provided, I would say it's definitely more targeted towards conservatives.And Gillian, the thing that's not getting attention in the coverage of this is that the Treasury Department, working with all of the major banks in America, circulated a third-party report of hate groups saying, you know, here's this list, be on the lookout for these people when you're searching for domestic terrorists and violent extremists.And here's the problem, on that list included a number of prominent Christian conservative national organizations including one, Gillian, that I used to work for, Alliance Defending Freedom, which is the world's largest conservative legal organization. It's a Supreme Court powerhouse.And the fact that that would be included as a hate group, and this is coming from the federal government to the banks is not only just a First Amendment issue, it's ridiculous on its face.TURNER: What about -- what do you make of the fact that, you know, the FBI and the treasury department working together here? I mean, these are two of the largest, most well-funded executive branch departments and agencies that exist.URBAHN: Yes, I really want to know who at the treasury department thought it was a good idea to just -- to do such sweeping surveillance of American bank accounts, the fact that the only criteria, at least with respect to the weekend of the days are on January 6 was somebody who used the Bank of America debit or credit card over those couple of days. And that was basically it. And Gillian, even the FBI testified that they were uncomfortable with the amount of information they received.They looked at all this info in this database, and they thought, were not supposed to have this. Where was -- what was the predicate for us receiving all of this private information on Americans, and they didn't want it?TURNER: So, Kerri, before I let you go, is there some kind of a policy or legal fix here that you can see going forward, at least to prevent this from continuing?URBAHN: Yes, I think the laws on the books right now don't provide enough protections for Americans. If you look at everything from the Patriot Act back, there really are very little protections for Americans and their private information. So, I think it would be helpful if Congress went back and took a look at that, because obviously, this is not going to be the first time we see something like this happen again.TURNER: All right. Well, Kerrie, we got to leave it there. But thanks so much for joining us. We appreciate it.URBAHN: Thank you.TURNER: Let's go ahead now and bring in Republican congressman from Ohio, Jim Jordan. He serves as chair of the Select Committee on the weaponization of federal government.Sir, a lot to talk about here.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yes. ' TURNER: But I want to kick off by asking you if you know whether these terms are still being used by banks to search American's financial data and report back to the government.JORDAN: We think that's the strong likelihood that it is happening. And again, remember, this is the FBI, the most powerful law enforcement agency in the world, asking banks -- asking banks, give us the customer name -- give us the name of the individual who was using your -- their credit card, their debit card, at a certain time at a certain location.And what they also specifically asked for, and let us know if there were any purchases related to purchasing a firearm or weapon at any time, anytime, you know, ever. That that was what the original e-mail from the FBI to the bank -- to Bank of America asked for.And then, since then, it's broader, where they've expanded to reports asking about these certain terms. Where any -- and these groups putting out a list of names of the Alliance Defending Freedom and other groups, and saying they were hate groupsIt's really chilling and frightening when you kind of look at it in the -- in the broad sense, what they were doing in the information, again, the FBI, the treasury department, were getting on American citizens.TURNER: All right. Certainly, echoes of the FISA scandal embedded in this story, as I'm sure you can attest to.JORDAN: Yes.TURNER: Kerri just said a moment ago that she is concerned after looking at the evidence and put forward in the report that the slant here is, you know, bends against conservatives as a lot of the stories do.But take a listen to Dr. Jordan Peterson talking to you yesterday, in this hearing, I want to get your response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. JORDAN PETERSON, PSYCHOLOGIST AND AUTHOR: The danger posed by this increasing ability of governments and large corporations to collude, threatens everyone's freedom equally. And it could well be that at the moment, and this is I think the case the Republican -- Republicans here trying to make is that the people who are in the sites of that collusion tend to have more conservative leanings. But that will shift in a moment when whenever the political tides shift.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: What is more dangerous in your estimation?(CROSSTALK)JORDAN: Yes.TURNER: A situation where this remains slanted against conservatives' financial data, or a scenario where it broadens to include Americans of all political persuasions?JORDAN: Well, it will inevitably broaden. You know, I always say the cancel culture mob and the -- and the censorship mob and the surveillance mob, they are never satisfied. That appetite is never satisfied. They will quickly go from conservatives who are predominantly be the ones being targeted.Now, we know that from actually the court case, Missouri v. Biden, in the censorship area. It was -- it was overwhelmingly conservatives who were being censored with big government, colluding with big tech to do so. It's the same thing happening here with big government, working with big banks to surveil Americans and get their financial data. But it will inevitably go to everybody else.Our concern is the Fourth Amendment. Our concern is the Constitution. The First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, your right to privacy.That is what we're focused on. And we are just as concerned about folks who may be on the left on the political spectrum, their rights are being abused as well.In fact, I have invited more Democrats in to testify in this subcommittee, then, probably any chairman ever because -- and we've had them in because they believe in protecting the Bill of Rights and our fundamental liberties. It would be nice if the Democrats understood where this thing was headed.Here is a great example, Gillian. A couple years ago in San Francisco, there was an elementary school, the Dianne Feinstein Elementary School.And some liberals out there, and the woke mob, and the culture out there, said, wait a minute, Dianne Feinstein said something like 40 years ago that we disagree with today. They took her name off of that elementary school. So, even a liberal Democrat senator is not safe with the mob and what they want to do and how they want to come after folks.And I think that's what we need to remember. And I think that's what Dr. Peterson was referring to yesterday when we had him testify.TURNER: So, I mean, what from your perspective, where does this go? Can this get referred to the DOJ? What is the fix?JORDAN: I think sometimes just highlighting the information changes behavior. I give you a great example. Remember about a year and a half ago, when the Department of Homeland Security was setting up the disinformation governance board, as if some bureaucrats could decide what you're allowed to say, what you're not allowed to say, what's information is good, what information is misinformation, and they have since discontinued, because we made a big issue of that.Another great example is the IRS. The IRS used to make unannounced visits to American citizens' homes. They've announced that they will no longer do that. And Commissioner Werfel said, we're doing this for the safety of our agents. Baloney, they are doing it because we caught them while Matt Taibbi was testifying in front of the committee knocking on his door as a way to intimidate him because he was coming forward with the truth.So, sometimes just pointing it out is all you need to do. And then, we'll look for legislative fixes as well.TURNER: Well, sunlight is often the best disinfectant. Sir, thanks for bringing this to us. Thanks for the report and we appreciate your time.JORDAN: You bet. Thank you.TURNER: Well, there is also this. The push to offer American voters a third-party alternative to a Trump-Biden rematch that's now gaining some steam. A majority of polled voters say that neither candidate, Biden nor Trump should actually seek reelection.We've got Democratic Senator Chris Coons, he co-chairs President Biden's reelection campaign. He is joining us next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: A short time ago, the Republican National Committee, electing Lara Trump, former President Trump's daughter in law as its new co-chair. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LARA TRUMP, NEWLY-ELECTED CO-CHAIR, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE: We have one goal. The goal on November 5th is to win. And as my father-in-law says, bigly, we're going to win on November 5th. Right?(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: While Eric Trump and new RNC chair, Michael Whatley will be replacing Ronna McDaniel. They were handpicked by the former president himself.The DNC now blasting the announcement of the new leadership, saying in part: "Her new nepo title only ensures that the RNC will keep putting up disastrous fundraising numbers and continue to underperform in election after election."And 72 percent of voters say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in the country. 60 percent view both President Biden and Trump unfavorably. Almost 20 percent say they would support a named third-party candidate.The group, No Labels just now seizing on those grim numbers as an opportunity to launch a third-party bid. They just made a pretty big announcement.Biden 2024 campaign co-chair Senator Chris Coons is standing by to join us. First, we check in with correspondent Bryan Llenas. Hey, Bryan.BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Gillian.Well, No Labels says they are moving forward with a unity bipartisan presidential ticket. As for who will be on that ticket? Well, that is still TBD. In a virtual meeting today, No Labels said 800 delegates voted nearly unanimously to move forward toward the November election. They will announce the process for how candidates will be selected next Thursday.Independent Arizona senator, Kyrsten Sinema and former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley will not be candidates. According to No Labels' co- chair Joe Lieberman, who said this to Neil Cavuto earlier today about Haley.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE LIEBERMAN, FOUNDING CHAIRMAN, NO LABELS: I think if she had expressed interest in the No Labels nomination, there would have been a lot of support in our group. But she is chosen otherwise, and you got to respect this.We are talking to some people that we think are exceptional candidates that represent will carry forward the No Labels common sense majority.LLENAS (voice over): Meanwhile, independent presidential candidate RFK Jr. delivered his own State of the Union address last night.ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I can tell you that in every state of this union, people are rejecting fearmongering. 80 percent of Americans say they don't want to be forced to choose in this election between the lesser of two evils. They are tired of voting against something or someone.(END VIDEO CLIP)LLENAS: Former President Trump characterized President Biden's State of the Union address on social media as polarizing, angry, and hate-filled. He is meeting with Hungarian prime minister today here in Florida, Viktor Orban, who the Biden campaign has called a dictator.TURNER: All right. Bryan Llenas in Palm Beach for us. Thank you.Let's bring in Senator Chris Coons now. He is Democrat from Delaware, serves on both the foreign relations and Judiciary Committees. He also is the co-chair of President Biden's reelection campaign.Senator, thanks so much for taking time with us today. There is this widespread and growing feeling now that this could be the most significant election for a third-party candidate since really the days of Ross Perot in the 90s. You got RFK Jr, polling competitively among young people. What's the campaign's strategy for dealing with this?SEN. CHRIS COONS (D-DE): Well, Gillian, what you saw last night in the chamber here in the capitol was President Biden delivering a forceful revision, a broad review of all the accomplishments of his first term, the ways in which he has delivered on meeting the needs of working families across our country, and a clear and compelling, forward-looking vision for what a second Biden term would be like.On Super Tuesday, a striking number of states voted 20 or 30%, in Republican primaries for Nikki Haley. So, frankly, I think if there is a campaign, that today ought to be asking questions about trying to woo back voters from within their party, it would be the Trump campaign.I do think President Biden has a very strong record to run on. I recently campaigned in Michigan for President Biden. I was in three different counties, and I was struck. When you go through what has been accomplished in infrastructure, in manufacturing, in new job creation, in reducing prescription drug costs, in standing up for our veterans, and helping deal with veteran's health care, these are very popular issues. The challenge for the Biden campaign is many Americans don't connect those big positive forward steps with things President Biden has done. That's the point of a campaign, and we are fanning out across the country to convey that. President Biden is in Pennsylvania today, in Atlanta tomorrow, he'll be following up on what was a very forceful State of the Union with engagements around the country in critical swing states.TURNER: That is a lot of action. But when it comes to output, sir, if the President is indeed delivering, why is it the case that latest Fox News polling, we have free, you can put up on the screen here shows that Biden, the President, is down 14 points among Democrats 22 among Independents, 15 among his own voting pool back in 2020.COONS: Gillian, we have a long way to the election in November. And part of the point of running a campaign is to remind people what things were like four years ago when the former president was in office, what sort of chaos and difficulty our nation went through with a pandemic, what sort of internal division there was at the time. And to give them an apples to apples comparison, we had terrific job numbers announced just this morning, Gillian. And when I was out in Michigan last weekend, I was in a county at one point where there were several new manufacturing plants announced 1000s of new jobs open and folks competing for them and yet record low unemployment and double digit wage increases.These are great realities. These are great facts on the ground. And I'm convinced the longer that that's out there and people are experiencing that the more positive the numbers will get for our incumbent President Joe Biden, and the more likely there'll be to reelect him in this November election.TURNER: Sir, if everything you just said is the ground truth here, how does the President then feel about the reality that his primary political opponent who is, he says, incited an insurrection on January 6 is a threat to democracy, is facing, I don't -- 90 some criminal indictments is really leading him sometimes quite narrowly, but leading him and a lot of national polls now?COONS: There have been several national polls where Biden is leading, several polls where Trump is leading. As you know, at the end of the day, Gillian, what matters isn't polls that are eight or nine months out. What matters his votes, and in recent special elections, like the one in Long Island, the midterm elections in '22 and several other special elections in '23 and early '24, Democrats are outperforming consistently. So, I'm encouraged by what we're seeing at the polls.I'll remind you in the run up to the midterms in '22, there were widespread predictions of a red wave. In fact, we added one extra seat to the Democratic majority in the Senate. We did not lose control of the Senate. The red wave ultimately was a trickle. So, I'm not that worried about the polling.What I'm worried about is making sure we can deliver for the American people. And President Biden made a very forceful case for border security last night for the conservative compromise bill that Republican Senator James Lankford of Oklahoma crafted with Democratic Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut. We were on the verge of passing it. It would have hired 1000s more Border Patrol agents, put $20 billion into securing our border and combating fentanyl. And only because former President Trump called his allies here in the Senate and said, wait, wait, we don't want to fix the border after all, I want an issue for the election that we did not take it up and pass it.President Biden challenge the Congress to pass that bipartisan bill. I hope we will, because this is an ongoing challenge for our country that we need to address.TURNER: Well, sir, with all due respect, the President while talking about the border and immigration last night, also stepped in it quite a bit with a couple of remarks he made in one breath mistaking the name of a victim of Venezuelan man who is here illegally who was murdered in Georgia also. Actually, take a look, we have the president responding to a question about this moment ago. Take a listen. I'll get your thoughts.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you regret using the word illegal to describe immigrants last night, sir?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, I probably. Technically not supposed to be here.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Back in April 2021, sir, the White House put out a memo instructing executive branch departments and agencies not to use the word illegal anymore and to switch to the word undocumented. Does the President think that he is exempt from his own White House's policy or does he just disagree with it?COONS: Gillian, I'm interested in how you have just changed the subject completely to a three-year-old memo and whether or not the President used that precise word for people who are not here legally. The central point I was making and the central point at the State of Union last night --TURNER: Sir, this is a national conversation that Americans has been having since last night that's been trending on Twitter.COONS: -- President Biden challenged Congress to pass a border security bill. What matters more, whether or not he pronounced Laken Riley's name --TURNER: But the Congress has already spoken, sir.COONS: -- correctly --TURNER: They're not going to pass that border security bill.COONS: -- whether or not he called them illegals or --TURNER: I'm asking you to look forward.COONS: -- or whether we pass a border security bill. Gillian, what matters is whether we fix the problem. And President Biden has challenged us to pass the bipartisan bill that will fix border security. That was a significant part of the speech last night.TURNER: But do you have a response to the fact that he referred to a Venezuelan man here who's now charged with murder as an illegal? I mean, he's receiving a lot of flack from the left flank today from your own party, sir.COONS: Sure. What matters here is are we going to fix this problem or not? And what I think the American people heard last night was former President Trump wants an issue for the election, not a solution. President Biden challenge the former president to join him to lock hands, and in the best interest of our country, deal with the crisis at the border. That's what I think matters rather than who calls who what or uses what. The American people are sick of this kind of bickering, they'd like to see us solve the problem.TURNER: They would indeed, sir. Thanks for taking time with us today. We appreciate it as always.COONS: Thank you Gillian.TURNER: Well, coming up next Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary when The Story continues right here from New York City.(SINGING)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: All right, welcome back. The former president of Honduras now convicted of helping drug traffickers and tons of cocaine into the United States. Juan Orlando Hernandez found guilty by a jury right here in New York. He could now get life in prison. Prosecutors say that he used his military in the country's police to let the cocaine flow freely cross the border into the U.S.Hernandez said witnesses who testified against him at trial were in fact lying in order to cut better deals for themselves. Some accused him of protecting powerful drug lords including El Chapo, who escaped from prison in Mexico twice. He himself is now serving a life sentence at a maximum security lockup here in the U.S. tracking that.Also, there's a bill that could potentially end up down the road banning TikTok nationwide is heading for a vote in the House next week. The committee approved it unanimously support -- with support from both parties. This even after TikTok launched a PR campaign pushing its users to overwhelm congressional representatives with calls. Turns out a lot of TikTokers heated that, they have been flooding Capitol Hill with off -- and their offices with complaints forcing some offices to even shut down their phone lines. So let's bring in Matt Gorman, former senior adviser for Senator Tim Scott's presidential campaign is now VP at Targeted Victory Net.I guess judging by what members offices are reporting, we are now letting teenagers dictate policy because most of the folks who call these offices were under the age of 21.MATT GORMAN, FMR. TIM SCOT CAMPAIGN SR. ADVISER: Yes.TURNER: Those are the people who use TikTok and rely on it in order to get out of bed in the morning.GORMAN: Exactly. And they couldn't maneuver the app reportedly until they placed a call. So some of them would just hang up. I saw reports on Twitter yesterday that people were even threatening suicide if this app were banned. It was wild.And look, I recently taught University of Chicago, so many of the students there, in fact, so many people under 30 get their news, get their regular information from TikTok, it is very, very scary of the thought that so much of our youth is relying on what is essentially Communist Party in China spyware to get their information.TURNER: Take a look at this from Democratic Congresswoman Raja Krishnamoorthi. He wrote this on social media, This is not about TikTok. We want TikTok to remain available under new ownership. Our priority is to make TikTok free from the CCP, that's the Chinese Communist Party's influence to protect U.S. consumers and small businesses. Perfectly reasonable, right? But since when does Congress get to decide who owns large companies abroad?GORMAN: Well, when that owner is essentially a foreign adversary, which is the Chinese Communist Party, I think you know, it does have a say. And look, it will tell a lie. If TikTok chooses to not divest, then it will be banned. They will have chosen, we would rather be beholden to the Communist Party that actually run an app and a business that they intensively should be already doing. So it doesn't have to be banned, but if they have a choice to make, and I think I'm heartened to see President Biden says he would sign it.TURNER: Right, Matt, we got to leave it there. But thanks for talking to us about this.GORMAN: Of course.TURNER: This story is going to be front and center moving forward at least through the vote next week. We will see how it turns out. Thanks so much.GORMAN: No problem.TURNER: Coming up next, for real this time, Shark Tank star Kevin O'Leary, we're going to go back in time for a check of prices at the grocery store back when President Biden first took office. Stick with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back, Americans are shelling out a lot more for grocery store essentials these days, certainly more than they were back in 2021. Take a look at this. Items like eggs are now up 71 percent from the day President Biden took office. In a recent Fox News poll, 70 percent of Americans list the economy as being in bad condition. Here's what some of what the president had to say about it last night.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: -- cracking down on corporations engaged in price gouging and deceptive prices. The snack companies think you won't notice if they change the size of the bag and put a hell of a lot fewer saying same size bag, put fewer chips in it. No, I'm not joking. It's called shrink inflation.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: Well, Kevin O'Leary, Shark Tank star and investor has something to say about that. He's going to join us in just a moment. But first we got Fox Business Correspondent Lydia Hu. She is right here in New York to break down some of those numbers for us.Hey, Lydia.LYDIA HU, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Hey there, Gillian. It's really stunning when we take a look back at what consumers were paying at the start of the Biden presidency as compared to now. But first, let's hear a little bit more about what President Biden had to say during last night's State of the Union about the economy. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I hear the economy is on the brink. Now our economy is literally the envy of the world. Where do you just keep going up and face she keeps coming down?(END VIDEO CLIP)HU: So Gillian, the truth is, inflation is slowing but prices are still high and wages are just not keeping up. And here, because I look at how that's hitting the pocketbook, first is inflation is slowing but prices are still high and wages are just not keeping up in here because I look at how that's hitting the pocketbook. First, let's take a look at home buying. When Biden took office the 30-year mortgage was 3 percent. That monthly payment for a $400,000 home, about 1350 per month.But at the start of this year, mortgage rates higher than 7 percent. Average monthly payment, more than $2,100 for a $400,000 home now. Next up, energy, gas prices, they've soared since 2021. Now, 37 percent higher for those of us that are fueling up. The average cost per gallon of regular in January $3.37.Finally, we have to talk about food feeding the family evermore expensive. Take steak as an example, purchase from your local grocery store, that was about 8.25 per pound. Now 10.69 per pound. Gillian, that's an increase of nearly 30 percent. These numbers shows why 61 percent of voters say Biden administration has mostly failed handling the economy. Back to you.TURNER: All right, Lydia Hu, thanks for breaking that down for us.Now, let's bring in Kevin O'Leary, Chairman of O'Leary Ventures and a Shark Tank star and investor.Kevin, it is rare that I look forward to talking to somebody all day long. But in your case, I actually have been looking forward to talk to you all day long. Let's get your reaction first to shrink inflation since the President was talking about it at the State of the Union last night. How much is a problem -- of a problem is this for Americans when we talk really about this issue? It's this sense of the lived economy is a pain point for a lot of folks right now.KEVIN O'LEARY, O'LEARY VENTURES CHAIRMAN: Yes, the trick inflation of potato bags, Doritos story that's kind of doesn't solve the problem. The real issue is the $62,000 average salary in America, basic costs pre- pandemic. So in other words, whether it's energy, gas, housing or food, you're up between 25 percent and 35 percent.Now, what would have been great for the incumbent -- and by the way, inflation is always a really big problem for the incumbent if it exists going into an election cycle. It's a huge --TURNER: Right.O'LEARY: -- problem. It's always around these three issues. But the trouble is, I don't think the Fed is going to reduce rates in June because their mandates 2 percent, inflation is three, it's never been anything else. And so that relief won't come in time. So this issue will remain for the next nine months being a really big problem.And so, I think Trump will hammer on it. Biden will try and talk about, you know, it's hard to call the stock market safe as a measure because the average person -- stock markets hitting new high, the average person is dealing with 35 percent increase costs across everything. So, yes, it is a huge election issue. Border Security, number one, inflation number two, energy, probably number three, I mean, you know -- it's -- and they're not going to change. That's the way it's going to be for nine months, so get ready to rock and roll.TURNER: Very hard. We were talking about this earlier in the show, you know, nine months is an eternity on the political calendar. But when it comes to fixing problems with policies, not much time at all, goes by in a blink of an eye.Want to make sure I ask you about TikTok or the big story of the hour while I got you here. Some folks are saying, I depend on TikTok to run essentially marketing for my small business. I even run TikTok as a platform to sell and close transaction. So if it is banned, eventually, what does that mean for the small business economy?O'LEARY: Not going to get banned because I'm going to buy it.TURNER: Oh.O'LEARY: Somebody's going to buy it. It won't be -- it won't be Meta, and it won't be Google because the regulator --TURNER: OK.O'LEARY: -- would stopped that. A syndicate will be formed. I would like to be involved, obviously. Well, what I would do is form a bipartisan committee and advisory committee for 18 months. Go to them and I'd say to them, how much will you let me keep of the Chinese?In other words, can we offer them 20 percent of new CO and then everything else hired, American CEO, American board, moved the servers here to the United States, rewrite the code.TURNER: OK.O'LEARY: So we shut off the Chinese backdoors because that's what everybody wants. But you can leave a taste for the Chinese and we'll put a mandate in place they get to keep 20 percent. That way, you run a process, this is worth billions. It's one of the most successful advertising platforms and social media today. All my companies use it, I'll buy it.I can put a syndicate together of debt and equity as long as I can get the blessing of the House. Because nobody wants to fund this thing if they think in a box (ph) politically. But if we make it all American, including the servers, I can get this deal done. I want to buy it.TURNER: Well, I'm glad you made some news with us. I hope you've had a lot of time to get dragged up to Capitol Hill to testify for days on end in front of committees because that's going to be like 50 percent of the job if you do in fact own TikTok.Kevin, we got to leave it there. Thanks so much for taking time with us.O'LEARY: Take care. Bye-bye.TURNER: Bye. Well, our other cities about to follow New York's lead in deploying National Guard troops to make subway safer. We're going to look into that next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TURNER: Welcome back, New York City now could be setting the trend by calling in the National Guard to patrol subways. Let's see what riders have to say about how it's going.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I really don't think it's going to keep anybody safe. I really don't think so. Honestly, they really need people on those rails.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think what will make New Yorkers safer is they actually start following the law and let the police be the police. They're not going to follow law is there's no law and order. It's wild. And they're going to hear it come November. November 5, they're going to hear it big time.(END VIDEO CLIP)TURNER: So the head of Chicago's biggest Transit Union reportedly now says he would welcome help from the National Guard. We will of course, keep you posted on that.That is THE STORY of Friday, March 8, 2024. As always, the story goes on. We'll be back right here Monday at 03:00 p.m. "YOUR WORLD" starts right now.