SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to "Hannity".And it is election night in America with primaries in multiple states. Of course, both Trump and Biden have already won enough delegates to secure their party's nomination, but there are still several other critical contests yet to be decided. My monologue is straight ahead.But, first, here with the very latest, our very own Kevin Corke is with us.Kevin, another election night.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, Sean, it is rare my friend that you and I can have a conversation about the primaries for president, for example, and have so little to go back and forth about because obviously as you just pointed out, they had have been decided.But as you also said, that doesn't mean, Sean, there aren't many interesting races playing out across the country. Take the Ohio GOP Senate primary, for example, and that is where we have learned tonight that Bernie Moreno has won his party's primary. The former car dealership owner beating out Ohio State Senator Matt Dolan who received key endorsements from a lot of GOP establishment folks in the state, including the Governor Mike DeWine and former Senator Rob Portman. But it was Moreno who received the support of former President Donald Trump late last year, and he rode that wave to victory tonight in the Buckeye State. That is a very big win for him.Now, it's not just what's happening in Ohio that we're keeping an eye on. There's some other interesting races happening around the country, including in California where there is a battle in the 20th congressional district, Sean, to compete to replace the former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy. And don't forget in Illinois, there are three lawmakers battling each other in very competitive challenges in that state as well, as, of course, you also know, the presumptive presidential nominees cruising to easy win so far tonight and we're just looking forward to November.But in the meantime, my brother, we're watching everything as it comes in. If we get interesting news, I promise to pass it along, Sean. But for now, back to you.HANNITY: Kevin, when you got a break in, we want to hear the news. I mean, I am interested in what's happening in Ohio and in California, those are interesting races to follow.All right. Kevin Corke, thank you as always.Now, we turn to something big, some big news. Believe it or not, Joe Biden has somehow mustered the energy to embark on a three-day campaign swing through Nevada and Arizona. Now, this is one of the longest non-vacation related trips of Joe Biden's entire presidency, believe it or not. Needless to say, Biden's big trip, well, out west is not particularly going well.Not hard to predict because that jacked up Joe, that was a one-day affair, can't expect that to last forever. He can't be drinking that much Red Bull. It's not healthy. Take look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You're going to be able to get to -- not that anybody wants to get to Los Angeles but people from Los Angeles wanted to get to Nevada.So, folks, look, I'm -- I'm going on too long, I apologize.(MUSIC)(LAUGHTER)But I also met another mother named Latri -- Latricia (ph) -- where's Latri? Latricia, excuse me.I really mean it, doing everything -- you're doing a great job and, by the way, you know, I won't go into that, I guess but --Let's fly to Toronto or to Berlin or to London or to Rome or any major city in America.Union labor and contracts raise everybody's income, everybody's income.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Other than the mumbling, bumbling, stumbling, ram -- rambling incoherently, one of Biden's main objectives during his trip is a campaign outreach to Hispanic voters. As reported by "Axios", quote, President Biden will use a stop at a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix to announce a national program to reach Latino voters, as his campaign now is rushing to reverse gains that former President Trump appears to be making, huge gains with Hispanic American voters.I hate to be the bearer of bad news -- Joey, I don't think a quick stop at a Mexican restaurant is going to cut it. Inflation, rising crime, wide open southern border, the fentanyl, opioid crisis, human trafficking, crisis the president's failures -- well, or president failure -- are hurting all Americans.Instead of addressing these issues that are impacting every American, we get shameless pandering. You may remember this. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JILL BIDEN, U.S. FIRST LADY: So say it with me, si si puede, the future is ours.PRESIDENT BIDEN: I was sort of raised in the Puerto Rican community at home, politically.JILL BIDEN: The diversity of this community as distinct as the bodegas of the Bronx, as beautiful as the blossoms of Miami, and as unique as the breakfast tacos here in San Antonio.PRESIDENT BIDEN: I just have one thing to say, hang on here. All right.(MUSIC)PRESIDENT BIDEN: There you go.I tell you what? If I had the talent of any one of these people, I'd be -- I'd be elected president by acclamation.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: A disaster in every way imaginable.But while Biden makes a complete fool out of himself -- well, have no -- let not your heart be troubled, his campaign and the media mob and other Democrats, they're busy trying to distract Americans and use every tool at their disposal, of course, to destroy Trump 24/7. They don't want to talk about their record because it sucks that bad.But, of course, that would include our own federal government, unelected bureaucrats from northern Virginia for the most part and southern Maryland, and Washington, D.C., they just loathe Donald Trump. And most other Republicans, they overwhelmingly vote for Democrats, they give money to Democrats and for many years, they have worked behind the scenes to use all their mighty powers, the powers of the federal government against Donald Trump, and those who support him.And this is known and affectionately and rightly called the deep state. Now in 2017, you may recall "The New York Times" proclaimed that the deep state doesn't really exist. They weren't telling you the truth.Now, "The Times" is kind of reverse course. They are admitting the deep state is real and, quote, actually kind of awesome. They made this lofty determination. How? By interviewing an employee at the Planetary Missions Program Office, that they track asteroids and a water administrator for the EPA.Now, "The New York Times" would have you believe that the deep state is all about saving other -- our planet from asteroids and improving water quality. Well, no, they didn't seem to spend any time on the all powerful three-letter agencies, the ones we talk about, the ones that targeted President Trump, abused their power to go after him and other Republicans. They made no mention of DOJ employees who wanted to label angry parents at school board meetings as domestic terrorists, all while giving Antifa free pass, or the multiple federal agencies that directed social media companies. Remember, they were meeting weekly in the lead up to the 2020 election, warning these big social media companies they may be victims of a disinformation campaign, and it may be about Joe and Hunter Biden.And, of course, then they also froze Twitter accounts that shared the very true Hunter Biden laptop report from "The New York Post" in spite of the FBI having confirmed its authenticity of March of 2020, and then when Facebook and Twitter both asked the FBI whether it's true or false, they wouldn't give them the truthful answer, because that's the deep state working on Joe's behalf.Or don't forget the plus former intel officials that knew nothing about Hunter's laptop, but signed a letter falsely accusing the laptop story of like being Russian disinformation. Nope, it was very real or the hundreds of officials who knowingly lied and propagated the Russia hoax day in and day out for three long years against Donald Trump. They knew the truth, or the early morning raid at Mar-a-Lago, and stacked felony charges over classified documents against Trump but no charges for Biden, no charges for Hillary Clinton no reasonable prosecutor would prosecute. Remember that?July 2016, Mr. Higher Honor himself, James Comey. And then, of course, no mention of the other conveniently timed criminal and civil charges against Donald Trump, oh, conveniently all before an election. We are 230 days away from the election.Now, "The New York Times" has conveniently turned a blind eye to all of this, in order to give their liberal leftwing radical readers a fun talking point and gaslight you.Anyway, Elon Musk was accurately -- just accurately referred to "The New York Times" as the mouthpiece for the deep state. He's correct.The truth is clear. As we speak, multiple courts, they are now being used as a political weapon. Nowhere is this more obvious than in New York where that far-left judge ordered Donald Trump to pay a record $454 million bond after unilaterally and arbitrarily deciding that Donald Trump's properties in New York and Palm Beach are actually worth a tiny fraction of their true market value. We have proven this to you over and over again.Now, one prominent businessman is now sounding the alarm, all while irritating one fake news CNN host in the process. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEVIN O'LEARY, BUSINESSMAN: There are no half a billion dollar bonds, never been done before, never. This law has never been applied, forget about Trump, nothing to do with Trump, everything to do about America and the New York brand.I love this state. My children live here. A horrible message to everybody around the world watching this, absolutely horrific.LAURA COATES, CNN HOST: Wait, Kevin. Kevin, hold on a second, Kevin --(CROSSTALK)O'LEARY: -- gone one day, this attorney general be gone one day, and this is what --COATES: I have a wonderful voice and won't be talked over. Kevin O'Leary, I would like to hear --O'LEARY: This is not America.COATES: What are you doing? It's not America but it is the Laura Coates Live show and I am speaking.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Kevin O'Leary is dead on accurate, or as Jonathan Turley put it, we are witnessing mob justice. Look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Basically his position is, in order to get any other judge to look at what I've done to you, you've got to come up with basically a half a billion dollars just to appeal. It's like a judge saying I'm going to take your house away, but you can appeal my decision. You just have to sell your house in order to do it.It doesn't -- many people look at this as a type of almost mob justice and as, you know, the attorney general ran on bagging Trump. She's now pledging to seize his property, just because he can't come up with this bond. At some point, the courts have got to step in and say, look, this is just simply enough.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. So the question is where do we go from here? What precedent does this set moving forward?All right. Joining us now with more is law professor and FOX News contributor, Jonathan Turley.I don't think you could have said this any better and this is mob justice. What really boggles the mind here is you have an A.G. that ran on a platform to go after one man, Donald Trump, one family, the Trump family, one organization, the Trump Organization, well, that campaign promise has been fulfilled.Then you have something that is fairly unprecedented. You -- you don't have a victim in this case, you actually had -- this case became about valuations and what the Trump Organization put down as valuations. But they also had in every contractor a disclaimer that said don't go by our valuations, you have a fiduciary responsibility to determine that yourself and there's no bank or insurance company that is going to lend or insure hundreds of millions of dollars without doing their proper due diligence. That is their responsibility.And lastly, I would say is, if we're going to talk about phony evaluations, I have shown on this show, empty lots, two acres on the ocean in Palm Beach for sale for a whopping $200 million. Mar-a-Lago's 22 acres. It has the ocean side. It has the intercoastal side.It has over 58 bedrooms, other prop -- other -- other properties or cottages on the facility. It's got a two clubs associated with it. It is in great shape. It's a historic property. It's worth closer to a billion.It's a far more egregious evaluation error, if you will, than anything they even claimed Trump did. How did that get to stand, Jonathan?TURLEY: Well, that's the problem is that many of us believe that much of this cannot stand. But first, he's got to get in front of another judge. And the problem with the bond is that it's being used as a punitive device. I mean, James is constantly threatening to take over these properties like she's going to put a lock on Trump Tower, and it's thrilling to many people in New York.But for many of us outside New York, you look at this and you look, well, come on. I mean, you know, you have a judge that comes up with a number that none of us can understand. And because he did that, Trump would have to sell off property in order to get someone to say that you were excessive.You know, he could have come up with a billion dollars, made it impossible to find a bond. Instead, he went with a half a billion, which is almost nearly as impossible. The fact is that Trump's business is largely in real estate state. That's not good if you have to float a bond because they want cash. And it's just the nature of his business.Now, the judge could have recognized that. There's no -- the funny thing about being in real estate is those buildings aren't going anywhere. All you have to do is guarantee that he's not going to leverage his interest in that property, which you can do with another device, but they're fixed assets.So the judge could have said, you know, we're going to try to come up with another way of doing this so that my award is not a barrier to appeal. He refused, and, of course, James is refusing to take any modest steps out of concern for due process. So it's up to the New York judiciary and the New York Bar to show the rest of the country that there still is due process here.You don't have to like Trump to not like what's happening in this case.HANNITY: Couldn't they simply put a lien on some of the properties that he owns or even if there's a mortgage on it, whatever, equity is in that -- in that property? That certainly would be one way to handle it if they if they really needed to go down that road. But apparently, the Trump people went to nine different people looking for a bond, there's not a company in the world that they were able to find that would -- would be able to give a half a billion dollar bond. It just doesn't exist.TURLEY: Well, that's why I think this is being used by James as a form of punishment and I think it's been used by the judge in the same way by coming up with this big number, knowing that his assets are in real estate. There's lots of ways that you could fulfill the purpose of the rule. The purpose of the rule is to make sure that defendants don't empty their accounts, flee the jurisdiction, avoid payment.His assets are fixed. You can -- you can get agreements that he can't transfer the value. He can't leverage these buildings. You can accept the $100 million offer he made in addition to those collateral guarantees. There's lots of ways to do this, but there's not a will because people are enjoying this.When you watch the news, people are thrilled, and that has merged our legal system not just with politics but a rather sick form of entertainment.HANNITY: Yeah, and I'll tell you, everybody better pay very close attention because if this could happen to Donald Trump, it can happen to others as well.Democrats, you know, worry, oh, Donald Trump will abuse power, this is an abuse of power. It's unfolding right in front of our eyes.Jonathan Turley, thank you. We appreciate your time and analysis.Joining us now is South Carolina Senator Tim Scott.Senator, let's get your reaction to all -- all these developments today. You know, the system is so obviously fair. There's no victims here. Okay, they had a disclaimer in every contract, not one person that they did business with complained. Everyone was paid back with interest on time.Then, the worst valuation of all came from the judge himself and he was steadfast.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Yeah.HANNITY: I -- right now, you can go online and find a two-acre property, ocean front property in Palm Beach, just an empty lot, two acres, $200 million. You're going to tell me that 22 acres is $18 million.By the way, I'll find the money tomorrow, I don't know how, but I'll find the money. I'll buy that property. I'll pay twice that amount.SCOTT: Twenty-two acres in Palm Beach is worth a billion dollars without the buildings, without the name, with -- without identifying the actual value of the property all you need to know is if the liberal elite will weaponize the United States justice system against a former president.Every single one of your millions of millions of viewers need to know we could be next. This is egregious. This is disgusting, but this is the plot and the plan of the radical left.Hear me clearly -- President Donald Trump represents the working class of America. He represents the victim who understands clearly the only thing standing between the liberal elite and the everyday American is former President Donald Trump. That's why we have to all lean in on this election and make sure that the results are indisputable, clear, crystal clear, we must elect Donald Trump.Not only will we better off with Donald Trump, but if you want to eliminate chaos and return to law and order, which means that Lady Justice wears a blindfold, you must vote for Donald Trump. If you want to make sure that kids in the poorest neighborhoods in this country are afforded a great education and not the teachers unions making decisions for adults and not kids, you must vote for Donald Trump.If you want to make sure that every single American has a chance to live their American dream, Donald Trump is our only choice.HANNITY: Let me ask you --SCOTT: And finally, Sean --HANNITY: Yeah, go ahead.SCOTT: -- if you are disgusted by this, if you're disgusted by this two- tiered legal system, if you're disgusted by the actions in New York or this attorney general, you must have your voice heard loud and clear. And that happens on Election Day. They are absolutely petrified --HANNITY: So --SCOTT: -- that Donald Trump is bringing a coalition of working Americans.HANNITY: They're going to lie about issues like a bloodbath, even though they've used the words and there's been more violent rhetoric about Donald Trump from coming out of their mouths and we played a lot of that last night. They're going to dem -- they have said they will lie about abortion, Republicans better be prepared for these arguments. They will say democracy is in peril, the very people that unilaterally would allow elected officials to make a decision to kick somebody off the ballot, talk about democracy and peril.They will demagogue -- they will call Republicans racist. Ironically, coming from the guy that was partners with a former Klansman to stop integration of schools and public and public busing, didn't want those schools to become racial jungles.So that is their technique. They can't -- they can't run on are you better off. How do Republicans fight back?This is the predictable attack. This is what we're going to hear for the next 230 days. Your advice to the Republicans?SCOTT: One thousand percent. Hey, we have to be seen and heard, go where you're not invited, make sure that we campaign in every single community in this country. President Donald Trump has a 50-state strategy. We need to make sure that every Republican, every patriot, every parent who believes that they should have a voice in the education of their kids, we must stand with President Donald Trump.By doing so, our neighbors, our friends, our relatives will join this movement. We need momentum. We have the right candidate. This is our time to stand up for what America is today, not this utopian American dream that is our nightmare.They want socialism. We believe in free markets. We must fight for the America that we have today and make sure that our kids benefit from it.So get in the race. Get in the fight, and let's win this because this is not about Donald Trump. This is about your kids and your grandkids.We win. They lose. Let's make it happen.HANNITY: Let's make it happen. I don't think we can survive. Elon Musk said, I don't think we survive four more years of this.All right. Senator, thank you.When we come back, you're not going to believe what illegal immigrants are now -- are getting now. We'll explain. We'll get reaction. Senator Marco Rubio, as we continue. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Welcome back to "Hannity".On Friday, a federal judge in Illinois ruled that illegal immigrants have gun rights protected by the Second Amendment? Well, they were saying that while a ban on illegal immigrants owning guns is constitutional, on its face, there is no precedent that allows the government to deprive an illegal immigrant who has never been convicted of a violent crime from owning a gun.Also, tonight, a big win for the state of Texas. Now, today, the Supreme Court is now allowing the state to enforce -- the state of Texas and police there to arrest suspected illegal immigrants while a challenge to the law plays out in an appeals court.Here with reaction, Florida Senator Marco Rubio's back with us.Senator, great to have you as always.Let me get this straight. By the very nature of their presence in the United States, if you don't respect our laws, borders and sovereignty, you are here illegally. Okay, you're not a citizen, you don't have constitutional rights like a U.S. citizen, do you?SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Well, this is a ruling by an Obama appointed judge, I believe. Then, look, what they're trying to do is blur the line between citizenship and everything else, people that are here illegally. And then, and so that you've seen cities for example make an effort to allow people that are in this country illegally that aren't even citizens to vote, and this is another example in this case.And you almost wonder if it's not being done to sort of mock both gun laws and also the whole the -- a whole understanding of the value of being a citizen of the United States of America. There has to be a distinction between citizenship and non-citizenship, between being legally here and not legally here. If there's no distinction between being here legally or illegally, and there's no distinction between being a citizen or not being a citizen, then what's the point of even having citizenship? What's the point of even having immigration laws?And this is just one more mockery that we're finding in our court system. Luckily, I expect that -- that this is going to be appealed and overturned at some point because it's an absurd outcome.HANNITY: Well, can you explain this? "The New York Post" had this today. Biden knows that terrorists are crossing the border, and we know we're catching people on the -- on the -- on the terror watch list, even from northern border now, a significant number of them.Then, you have tens of thousands of people coming from Russia, China, Iran, Syria, Egypt, Afghanistan, so they know terrorists are coming into the country. And Joe Biden is not only allowing it and not enforcing the law, but he's facilitating the law-breaking and aiding and abetting. Now, can you explain that to me? Because I would argue it's not if, it's when.One of these terror cells is going to attack this country and maybe it'll be as significant as 9/11 or maybe worse. And if it -- that day comes and he allowed that to happen, he will have that blood on his hands.RUBIO: Yeah, first of all, it's inevitable that something horrific will happen in this country as a result of our open border. It's only a matter of time. I would say a couple things that -- I wouldn't focus too much on the terror watch list, because that's not a comprehensive list. That's just a list of people we know are wanted for links to terrorism.But it is not -- there's trafficking networks that operate all over the world, okay? So we know that there are trafficking network with ties to ISIS and al-Qaeda and others who as a business, as a way to generate money, they move migrants to the United States.Now, you're telling me that they own this business, they move people across the border who are not terrorists and they're not willing to move some of their own into this country? Of course, they do. It's just common sense and it's logical that if you're a terrorist, you're trying to get into America in order to conduct an attack, you know that you can do it by simply crossing the border and you can do it with fake documents and passports that you can buy, and there's no way can verify that.You can't call some of these places and verify if that person is really who they say they are, and it's actually a real document. It's not really the person, but it's a real document that they bribe someone to produce from them. So I think the danger they're playing with fire here. It's only a matter of time some before something terrible happens.And you ask me why are they doing this? Because there is an element of the Democratic Party that believes in open borders. They do not believe that they believe people should be allowed to live anywhere in the world they want to live. That's what they believe and that no country should be able to prevent people from coming in and out as they please.They believe these things. Some of them even admit that they believe these things and that's a big part of the Democratic base and he's afraid to lose their support. He's already lost the pro-Hamas people, and now he's afraid to lose these guys.HANNITY: Well, and what was the result to that? That was -- the result of that was in the middle of a war, our chief ally. Israel, thrown down the stairs, in the middle of a war, they are now calling for elections in Israel, to now make what is a fight for their survival even that much more harder politically.I can't even fathom a lack of a loyalty and friendship. That -- that they stood by us after 9/11. All they are looking for is us to stand by them and support them and their right to win their war on terror.Senator, you know a lot more about TikTok than I do. You have seen a lot more intelligence than I have seen on the issue of TikTok. I listen very closely when people like you and Josh Hawley, and some others talk about TikTok, and it being a spying mechanism of the communist Chinese. I believe you when you say it.I would not have a problem if Elon Musk or Larry Ellison, whoever, an American, or somebody that would remove those spy applications from -- from that site, if they were to buy that -- that from the communist Chinese that only own a part of it.What makes you so convinced it's a spy mechanism? And why is it imperative that the American people understand this?RUBIO: Well, TikTok is not the issue. TikTok is a company. It's a social media app.That app is powered by an algorithm that picks the videos. You see, it literally reads your mind and it knows what you like before you even know you like it.It picks the videos. It drives the content. It's the golden goose of the -- of the whole operation.That's owned by a company named ByteDance. That company ByteDance is a Chinese company. I don't care who's on the board of directors. I don't care who their shareholders are, every company in China has to comply with the - - the 2017 national security law of China, and that law says -- you must do. You must give us the data and you must do with your algorithm whatever we tell you to do.And if the Chinese Communist Party goes to ByteDance and says, we want you to change the TikTok algorithm so that Americans will not be willing to defend Taiwan or surrender to China on this and that, or poison the minds of young Americans over a long period of time so that their society crumbles, if they tell them that they have to do that, ByteDance will have to do that, they will do that, and you will not be able to perceive it.You will not -- so it doesn't even matter where you store the data because those engineers at ByteDance have to have access to that data in order for the algorithm to work.And so what I support is saying TikTok can continue, it just can't be owned by ByteDance. ByteDance has to be sold to a company that's not in China and not subject to the national security laws of China. That's what we're trying to achieve here.HANNITY: Understood.All right. Senator Marco Rubio, appreciate you being with us as always. Thank you.When we come back, the Biden administration, they hit a new record. It isn't a good one. Also, and an explosive house hearing details Joe Biden's failure on the botched Afghanistan withdrawal, and a major update on the Gold Star father who was arrested for heckling Biden at State of the Union. Remember, he lost his son. I hope they're leaving this guy alone. We'll explain next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And breaking tonight, after widespread public outcry, Chad Pergram is now reporting that all the charges, thankfully, have been dropped against the Gold Star father who shattered -- who shouted "Abbey Gate" during Joe Biden's State of the Union Address. His son, along with 12 other U.S. service members as you recall, they were killed in the horrific terror attack outside of Karzai Airport in Afghanistan because of Joe Biden's disastrous withdrawal.Now, so far, in just over three years as president, Biden has already presided over a record-breaking 11 partial and full embassy evacuations. And earlier today, his failure and weakness on the world stage, they were on full display during the House hearing on his botched Afghanistan withdrawal. Take a look at some of these highlights or for Joe, blow lights.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEN. FRANK MCKENZIE, FORMER CENTCOM COMMANDER: On 11 April, 2021, I received orders from President Biden through the secretary of defense to execute a full military withdrawal by 11 September 2021, a date which was subsequently modified to the end of August. This decision did not include the withdrawal of our embassy, our citizens and at risk Afghans.It's important to understand that we had a complete plan to execute that task as well but we're not ordered to do so. The president's decision was to maintain an embassy, to not require our citizens to leave and, of course, to not expedite the extraction of at-risk Afghans.This was not a military decision. As you are aware, the decision to begin at NEO rests with the Department of State, not the Department of Defense. Despite this, we had begun positioning forces in the region as early as 9 July, but we could do nothing -- nothing to commence the operation, the evacuation, until a NEO was declared.GEN. MARK MILLEY, FORMER CHAIRMAN OF JOINT CHIEFS: I think some were killed. Afghans, I don't know about the Americans, I don't think the Americans were but I think some of the Afghans were tracked down that worked with us, and I think some of them were killed and I pretty certain some of them in pretty brutal ways.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And still, Americans sadly trapped behind enemy lines, billions of dollars of our military equipment left in the hands of the Taliban.Anyway, here with reaction, senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, Victor Davis Hanson, and House Armed Services Committee member, Florida Congressman Michael Waltz.Congressman, start with you. You know, the idea that the Taliban -- they were allowed to march all the way straight to Karzai International Airport. They knew it was happening. The Biden administration knew it. They did nothing to stop their march.And then this -- I don't think you could have had a worse withdrawal than what happened here, leaving, abandoning Americans behind enemy lines, abandoning our allies. We promised we wouldn't do that. They were abandoned behind enemy lines and the billions of military equipment just left in the hands of the Taliban.I don't think you can screw anything up worse than that.REP. MICHAEL WALTZ (R-FL): Yeah. Sean, I -- the generals today weren't pulling their punches when it came to the State Department led by Blinken, or the lack of leadership in this White House. And as a result, you had three things. You had number one, you had three four-star generals ignored by President Biden who did not do as President Trump did, which was leave the base and leave some special operators to keep a lid on terrorism.Biden ignored that, yanked everybody out, except for the fact that they didn't have a plan to pull our embassy, to get American citizens, nor did they have -- did he give the order to rescue our allies. The military was very clear as you heard. They had a plan to do it, Biden and the State Department were living in this fantasy land that you had the good terrorists, the Taliban, that they could work with.And as a result, that incompetence, that lack of planning, that lack of leadership, you've got 13 Americans dead, the Gold Star families were there today. You've got our allies on the -- I mean, our enemies on the march all over the world because our allies were abandoned and the entire world got the message that America was incompetent and in decline.And we will live with that for the rest of my lifetime and just in this last couple of years, you've now got our 11th embassy, Haiti, is going to be next, unfortunately, that has been drastically downgraded or completely withdrawn.HANNITY: And, Victor Davis Hanson, I read in the last week and a half that al-Qaeda -- al-Qaeda training camps are back up and running in Afghanistan. Well, that can't be good for the world, that can't be good for the free world. And you look at Joe Biden, we'd have a new axis of evil, China, Russia, Iran -- Iran is allowed to get rich because Joe Biden turns a blind eye to the sanctions they should be enforcing.Then they're even allowing Venezuela to get rich again after they allowed the mullahs in Iran to get rich again. And I'm -- I'm looking at the world's situation. I don't think anybody really cares what Joe Biden thinks or does because they don't have any respect for him. Your take?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW, HOOVER INSTITUTION: Yeah, I agree on Afghanistan. Remember, he arbitrarily picked a date and that was supposed to be an iconic celebration of September 11th, the 20th anniversary. He said we would be out. And so, he made that date fit the circumstances rather than the circumstances fit the date.I was empathetic to the generals today, Sean, but I wish one of them had resigned when this decision making was going taking place. If just one of them had said this is strategically impossible, I cannot follow this order, I do not want to attack the commander but I resigned, I will not be a part of this, it might have been prevented.But now, we get the truth not only after the fact but after that the generals are retired in private life. I think they could have done something better for the country if they had resigned when this was going on.We've lost deterrence, Sean, it's whether you've defined it as the telling the Ukrainians we'd help them, if it was a -- depending on it was a major or minor offensive, the Chinese balloon, you name it, we've lost deterrence.What we're seeing is the global counterpart of defunding the police in our cities. When we defunded the police, people came out of the woodwork to take advantage of that, and that's what's happening now globally as we withdraw from the world stage.HANNITY: It's a more dangerous world. We definitely need the reemergence of America as the world leader of the free world to counter this.WALTZ: And, Sean --HANNITY: All right. Thank you. Yeah?WALTZ: Big difference between responsibility and accountability. People are taking responsibility, still zero accountability. Zero, none, it's unacceptable.HANNITY: That's unacceptable, totally agree.Congressman, thank you.Victor Davis Hanson, looking forward to you new book, by the way.All right. When we come back, Ainsley Earhardt joins us for an exclusive look at her brand new FOX Nation series. It'll take you behind the scenes of the hit Bible series "The Chosen". That's straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. "FOX & Friends" co-host Ainsley Earhardt is the host of a brand new FOX Nation special. Now, it brings viewers behind the scenes of the hit Bible based series "The Chosen" by Angel Networks.And Ainsley sits down with one of the stars and executives of the hit show for an exclusive interview, never before seen look at this inspirational show. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And this is the first time I'm seeing all different kind of streams of Christianity come together to propel forward "The Chosen". We're watching Hindus, we're watching atheists, agnostics. We're watching Buddhists and Muslims come together and just go, this show is extraordinary.I remember encountering a Hindu man. He's a Silicon Valley tech giant, and he just said, hey, I'm Hindu, I'm not Christian, but my people are losing the light. This is a quote from him and he said but the chosen is even giving it back to my people, how can I support you, how can I help your efforts and so, he came alongside us and just really kind of consulted us and on the tech side of what we're doing.And I love those stories. No show has ever done that before, brought people together in that type of thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: "The Chosen" behind the scenes now available on foxnation.com.Here with more, Ainsley Earhardt, host of "FOX & Friends" -- co-host of "FOX & Friends".By the way, we -- please thank, Lawrence, tomorrow and tell him I owe him dinner considering he did actually air the montage that I challenged all of you to air, when I was on the show on Monday.AINSLEY EARHARDT, CO-HOST OF "FOX & FRIENDS": Yeah, yes.HANNTY: I would argue and I'm a big fan of "The Chosen" and a big fan of Angel Studios. Their next season is actually going to be a theater release first, which I found fascinating. Ever since "The Passion of the Christ", I don't think there's been a better job done on the issue of the life of Christ. That's how well done it's been. It's great series. I love it.Tell us about it.EARHARDT: Yeah. I mean, actually, we've interviewed the guy who plays Jesus and now you'll see him on the Hallow app, and he's a strong Christian. He's Catholic, and he plays a phenomenal Jesus. As you know, Sean, we've talked about this and we've watched the show and it's -- it's -- he's just does a beautiful job of showing the love of Christ.But there you see us. We take -- we were at FOX, in our studios, and we were -- I had just such a pleasure of sitting down with the guy who actually plays Andrew. His name is Noah James (ph), and he's actually Jewish. His father's from Israel and we interviewed Kathleen Warnock (ph). She's the vice president of original content.And so we asked her how did this come to be? How did you discover "The Chosen"? And she said it was because she worked for MGM at the time under Roma and Mark, and she said, we have to -- we have to air this. We have to do this.And she watched the pilot and she says normally when you watch a pilot, you watch like a minute of it, if even that. But she watched the entire pilot and it was already taken by Angel Studios. So she started working for Angel and "The Chosen", and she is the reason that that we're all enjoying this all over the world.So it's just raised a lot of money. The first season raised $11 million in crowdfunding. Now, they've raised more than a hundred million dollars, so that they can share the gospel with all of us. But it's funny because she said when we sat down with Andrew -- Andrew was talking about his history, a lot about his life and his upbringing and what he's learned from it.There's a scene right there where his brother Simon is paying his taxes and it's so -- he doesn't have the money, they're charging him interest and Andrew says, but, Brother, I have seen the lamb. It is Jesus and it is all going to be okay.And he said he could relate to that because his dad was -- is an Israeli and he said he realized his ancestors actually were dealing with this very issue when the Romans were coming to them to pay their taxes. And then you see that when they were feeding the thousands with, you know, the few loaves of bread and the fish. And it's -- if you haven't watched it, it's on FOX Nation season one, two and three, Sean. And then season four is in theaters.And they just announced on FOX Nation, they announced that they're going to keep it in theaters through Easter, so you can go to the theaters and binge season four.HANNITY: Well, I kind of like it because the hard part is, is sometimes they release one -- one episode at a time. So I actually think this is a good model.They also came up with something pretty unique which is pay it forward. In other words, you could actually be paying for other people to see their programming. I've never seen a business model like that and apparently it's very successful.EARHARDT: Well, so many Christians around the world have watched this and they want the message to be spread to other people. And they were telling me people of all faiths are part of the cast of this show, and/or this series, and so many people's lives are being changed and touched.Kathleen became a Christian when she was 20 years old. She said she was an athlete. She said, you know, I was this skinny, very pale, young girl as an actress -- I mean, as an athlete and I got saved in a Black church. She said so it's so cool to see so many different races, denominations and different faiths come together because of this. It's excellent. You have to watch it.HANNITY: All right. Behind the scenes, seasons one, two, and on foxnation.com. I'll be looking for your behind the scenes as well. You don't want to miss it on FOX Nation.All right. Ainsley, we'll be watching in the morning. Thanks for being with us.Quick programming note: set your alarm, make sure to tune in to "FOX & Friends", 6:00 a.m. tomorrow. If you can't get up that early, just DVR it.All right. They're going to have an exclusive interview with Ashleigh Merchant. She is the Trump codefendant lawyer who initiated the effort to remove Fani Willis from the Georgia case.When we come back, another disturbing video of violence gone viral. A man slashed with a box cutter on a very busy commuter train. We have the tape, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us and making the show possible. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity"And I have good news -- in the meantime, let not your hearts be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face. Oh, perfect. Have a great night.