(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We are out of time. Thanks to Pete Hegseth, Dagen McDowell, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next, and I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, President Biden might as well be back in the basement.There are new accusations that Biden's team is again preventing him from talking to the White House press corps. While campaigning in Michigan, it appeared the president was ready to answer a few questions until campaign staffers gave him the hook literally. So, we can all see the president, we just cannot hear him.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is looking into the details on this. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace.It was surreal to be honest with you. And I have to say, having covered four administrations myself, yes, there are occasions when you want to get in a few questions to the president, but then you get the hook as it were, because of timing and other factors. But this was absolutely infuriating for the assembled press.I want you to watch as the White House in its apparent effort to shield the president from scrutiny, blocks the press from listening, as he feels questions in Michigan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're going to take a few questions.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you, press.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you, press.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you, press. Thank you so much.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you, press.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Let's get head back to the car. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Back to the cars. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Back to the cars. Thank you, press.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're happy to want you all be a covered us late. Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: The word is late, what?And is -- if that weren't bad enough, a similar scene actually played out a little bit later at a golf course. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President, do you agree with Chuck Schumer that Netanyahu should go?(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Boy, just doesn't look like they are getting any opportunity. Now, all this, by the way, Trace is happening.As the latest polling in Michigan shows, Mr. Biden trailing former President Trump in a head-to-head matchup, 48 to 45. Though the gap is obviously very near the margin of error.As for the repeated snubs in Michigan, the Biden campaign claims that the president didn't ignore reporters and that they were unable to hear his remarks due to a logistical issue.They lied, Trace.GALLAGHER: Always about logistics, Kevin. We know that it's a logistical thing.CORKE: Logistical, of course.GALLAGHER: Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C.(CROSSTALK)CORKE: I got a bridge to sell you in Brooklyn, if you believe that.GALLAGHER: Kevin, thank you.Let's bring in Fox News contributor Steve Hilton. Steve, I mean, really, it's one of those things. Oh, it's logistical is something else.I want to play this again. This is the Biden. This is repeatedly him asking permission to please speak to somebody. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: With your permission, I like to stay if you -- my staff will tell me when to drop-dead hour occurs.I better not start the questions, I'll get in trouble.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're going to take a few questions.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you, press.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you, press.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you, press. Thank you so much.BIDEN: I allowed to take any questions?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It's almost sad. Steve, when the most powerful man in the world is on a very short leash.STEVE HILTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Exactly. Exactly. Look, this comes barely a week after the State of the Union where the Democrats know all the media supporters were so excited that President Biden could really perform and he's got his energy, about all these rumors about him not being able to do the job, completely ridiculous.But what happened in the run up to the State of the Union? Six days off resting, and then pumped full of vitamins or drugs or whatever they give him to perform on the day.But now we see, day by day, as he tries to do the job, he's simply not capable of it, and the staff understand that. Now, every time this happens, we can laugh and roll our eyes and say, isn't this ridiculous? But there's a serious point, underlying all of this.GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: What you have now -- because you see if that's what he's like, in public, imagine what he's like in private, when he's supposed to be running these important meetings and making the decisions the president has to make. it as a staff-run administration.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.HILTON: And these are the people that constantly lecture us about our democracy. Our democracy means that the people you elect are supposed to be making the decisions. In the case of Joe Biden, that is clearly not the case.GALLAGHER: You know, it's interesting, because you know, the Democrats have always got to have a plan B. They got to try to turn the tables. And you remember when Democrats clearly called for defunding police and then they said a couple of years later, no, it was Republicans that call for defunding police.Well, now, the act is they are saying, no, no, it's former President Trump that's running a basement campaign.I mean, you -- listen, nobody is believing any of this because they are trying to say, no, no, Joe Biden, he is out there. He is out and about. Nobody is buying that Steve.HILTON: Exactly. Because what they mean by him being out and about is going into an ice cream shop. And even when he does that, he puts his foot in it. And it is just ridiculous.Allowed me, the problem with President Trump, if anything, is that he talks too much. Let's advisers would probably like him to not talk so much. You can't basically stop him from answering questions. And it is absolutely again a serious matter that you have the person who's supposed to be running the country clearly incapable of being held accountable in the normal manner that we expect from our leaders.GALLAGHER: Yes. The New York Times says the following here: "Many Democrats had been stunned by Republicans' inroads, as Mr. Trump has continued to unleash incendiary rhetoric about immigrants. Interviews and surveys suggest many Latino voters do not see themselves as the target of Mr. Trump's comments. Instead, they often say they welcome his talk about a border crackdown and see him as helping business owners in the economy."Hispanic voters are starting to migrate toward the former president. That's bad news for Democrats. Steve, I got about 15 seconds for you.HILTON: This is a massive political shift. You look, in 2012, Romney versus Obama, 70 to 20, the Latino vote. The latest New York Times' poll, 46 percent Latino support for Donald Trump, 40 for Biden.He's ahead among Latinos. They want a border that is secure, just like everybody else.GALLAGHER: It appears that's exactly right.Steve Hilton, great to have you on as always, thank you.HILTON: Thank you, Trace.GALLAGHER: Meantime, we are continuing to follow breaking news in Haiti, which is now a nation on the brink of collapse. And for an unknown number of Americans trapped in the Caribbean nation, much like Afghanistan, there is no plan from the state department to get them out.Christina Coleman is live with that part of the story. Christina, good evening.CHRISTINA COLEMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening. Trace. Yes, Haiti's prime minister agreed to resign after gangs wreaked havoc on the Caribbean nation.Now, despite the ongoing chaos, violence and anarchy, the Biden administration does not have an active evacuation plan for any American stuck in Haiti. It's unclear how many of them are there. Here a state department spokesperson, Matthew Miller.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, SPOKESMAN, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: We're not actively planning for any evacuation. And I would remind you and others that Haiti has been a level four country with respect to our travel advisors since 2020.So, what that means is for four years, we have been telling Americans do not go to Haiti. Do not travel there. It's not safe to do so.COLEMAN (voice over): However, some Republicans say this is an example of the Biden administration abandoning Americans abroad and being unprepared for the fallout from the ongoing political instability in Haiti.REP. CARLOS GIMENEZ (R-FL): The problem is that the Biden administration has done nothing in Haiti. Three years ago -- almost three years ago, the president of Haiti was assassinated. We could have seen this a mile away that Haiti was going to dissolve into, you know, a non-state into chaos, and that it was then going to cause mass migration.The Biden administration chose to do nothing in our own hemisphere.(END VIDEO CLIP)COLEMAN (on camera): Meantime, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, is taking action. Florida launched a portal to collect information from Floridians and other Americans who may be trapped in Haiti to help get them out of there. Trace.GALLAGHER: It sounds like the story is just beginning. Christina, thank you.Let's bring in search and rescue expert. Retired U.S. Navy Captain Armen Kurdian. Arman, I mean, this is kind of right in your wheelhouse here.ARMEN KURDIAN, RETIRED UNITED STATES NAVY CAPTAIN: Yes.GALLAGHER: It's interesting to me, you heard the state department, there, spokesman is saying, listen, we told him not to go, we told them for three or four years not to go, it's not a great solution when you've got a couple of 100, maybe 300 Americans who are stuck in Haiti. And the question is, how do you get them out?KURDIAN: You know, Trace, since 1950, in 40 percent of its history, Haiti has had an occupied force, peacekeepers trying to maintain the peace. And here we are the exact same path. Peacekeepers leave and things start to deteriorate.Folks have got to understand, when you go to a country like this, that is level four. I kind of see a lot of the folks who are there, probably missionaries.GALLAGHER: Right.KURDIAN: They're like firefighters running into a burning building. They understand the danger, they want to go there. But at the same time, don't make it so hard to pull you out, if it's really that dangerous, because your life is not simply worth it. So, you got to sign up with a state department say, hey, I'm here.Sign up with the state -- with a STEP program.GALLAGHER: Yes.KURDIAN: And now, we're at a situation where we might have to get them out in a hurry.GALLAGHER: And how? How do you get them out in hurry? That's the question here. So, if the state department has to go and the Pentagon has said they've got resources, they think they can do this. But the question is, when do you go in? You can't wait until some of these people get killed. It's a very fine line to walk, Armen.KURDIAN: Exactly. So, you figure there is going to be probably a lot of Americans in the capital region.GALLAGHER: Yes.KURDIAN: So, send in the Marines, you secure port facility, send in some boats and some ships, get them out in a secure manner. I don't necessarily foresee that these gangs are going to use Americans as hostages. That would be very bad for them, then, you know, they could see the end of their power, because that's not really what they're there for.GALLAGHER: Yes.KURDIAN: But the folks who are like, say in the boonies, in the more sparsely populated parts of the country --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Right.KURDIAN: That's going to be a real logistical --GALLAGHER: But you know, whenever they say, hey, we're going to send in the Marines, it's considered boots on the ground, and it freaks people out. And there is these gangs that are uncontrolled. Several gangs, nobody knows who is friendly, who is not, and it seems like you are putting people in a bad position, especially U.S. military members. Your final thoughts.KURDIAN: Absolutely. Well, you know, they are looking at the Kenyans actually going in and a thousand of them being a peacekeepers. I think, they are really interested in doing it because they are going to get $200 million from the U.S. government.Trying to see me get some other of the Caribbean nations in there at the same time. So, you know, perhaps, we wouldn't necessarily need to send in Marines. Because, I actually kind of see it from the -- for president standpoint, I wouldn't want to send in troops into Haiti if I was him either at this point.GALLAGHER: Yes.KURDIAN: It may be necessary but a small force just to get those Americans out.GALLAGHER: Armen Kurdian, great to see you again. Great to have you on as always. Thank you. Let's bring in California policy center attorney Julie Hamill, and California Republican national committeeman Shawn Steel. Welcome to both of you.Kind of continuing this conversation on Haiti. Because Shawn, you know, this could be a big albatross around the administration's neck here. The problem is, is you've got Americans there. Regardless, if you told them, don't go there, you've got Americans there, and he does not at this point in time, Shawn, need another Afghanistan, right?SHAWN STEEL, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEEMAN, CALIFORNIA: This is amazing. Every time there's a world problem somewhere on this planet, Biden blows it up. He hasn't made a good policy decision in world affairs in his entire political career.This is right next to us. We've known about it a long time. There is a lot of orphanages and missionaries trying to help, but you got seven organized gangs that are working together, releasing the penitentiaries, creating huge problems. And it's like a failed state. And it's been a failed state for about 100 years.GALLAGHER: Yes.STEEL: And every time the Americans come. They are not welcome. When they leave, people are unhappy. And now, other people are demanding that the Americans come back. We have one duty, and that's to protect the Americans who are there, to get them out as quickly as possible. And then, folks are going to have to figure it out themselves.GALLAGHER: And speaking of demanding things, you have the far left, progressives, Julie, now saying, hey, listen, these Haitians, when they leave, when they come, we have to accept them.The problem is they have emptied the prisons. There is 4,000, at least they have emptied these prisons in Haiti, and those people are fleeing the island, because they don't want to mess with the gangs. And guess what they are coming, Ron DeSantis thinks are coming to Florida.And the problem is, is you've got the far left saying you got to open the gates, and you got to accept him because those people are in danger if you send him back. But we're in danger if we accept it.JULIE HAMILL, FOUNDER, ALLIANCE OF LOS ANGELES COUNTY PARENTS: I have some foreign policy advice. So, Mr. Biden, if you're listening, why don't we take the resources that we were planning to use to accept Haitian refugees and use them to rescue the American people who are stuck in Haiti?GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, listen. it's a -- it's a great point. You talk to the state department about that.HAMILL: OK.GALLAGHER: Maybe they can get back to you --Meantime, Fulton County, Georgia D.A., Fani Willis was given a choice today, either she or her special prosecutor ex-boyfriend would need to step aside. And late today, if you haven't heard, Nathan Wade decided to resign from the case.But the allegations of an improper relationship between Willis and Wade are not going away and the case against former President Trump might be in deep trouble.Andy McCarthy said this today. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I actually think this is a huge win for Trump. Maybe more than he realizes, because she is tainted. She's lost the confidence of the court.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: OK, Julie, lawyer to lawyer, Andy McCarthy says it's actually a break for Trump. A lot of people think it's two-tiered justice that Fani Willis is still on this case, regardless. What do you think?HAMILL: Well, if she's staying on the case, which I think today after this ruling came out, a 23-page ethics complaint was filed against her with the Georgia State Bar. So, and then she's under congressional investigation as well.So, we haven't seen the end of the prosecution of Fani Willis.But if she stays on this case, she brings the stain of corruption with her and the judge said that in his ruling. Not exact those words, exactly.GALLAGHER: The odor of --HAMILL: Yes.GALLAGHER: Yes, the odor. Exactly.HAMILL: He said something about an odor in the ruling.GALLAGHER: Yes. So, that's exactly right. It could be damaging.Here is the media reaction. I'll get your final thoughts on this, Shawn.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELIE HONIG, SENIOR LEGAL ANALYST, CNN: They have survived, but not without substantial damage. I mean, there is some really stark language in this ruling.JOE SCARBOROUGH, CO-HOST, MORNING JOE, MSNBC: The lack of judgement shown here is just absolutely stunning.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It just feels like this is not good.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Yes, I love Scarborough with the lack of judgement. There is reeks of corruption, Shawn Steel.STEEL: The audacity. What's going on here is just another disaster by Biden's White House Counsel, Department of Justice, they orchestrated this. They put $30 million to the D.A.'s office in Atlanta. They had this thing carefully choreographed to destroy Trump. They created Trump, they gave Trump a new life.He's probably going to win the presidency. And every time they go after Trump, it just boomerangs the wrong way. It's a spectacular failure. Biden fails here domestically, he fails internationally.GALLAGHER: Yes. Julie Hamill. Shawn Steel, Armen Kurdian, was still here. Thank you all for coming on. We appreciate it.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT" is just now learning the mayor of Sacramento, California, Darrell Steinberg is calling for a ceasefire in Gaza. So, it should only be minutes, maybe a few hours before Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu informs his people that the mayor of Sacramento has now spoken and that IDF soldier should immediately lay down their weapons.Turns out the Sacramento peace deal comes on the heels of Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass, signing a historic climate agreement with Finland 5,000 miles away."COMMON SENSE" has a question, why are local mayors dealing with international matters when city condition suck?How about working for those who elected you? Remember when you vowed to gain control of homelessness, crime, and the unsustainable cost of living, the goal was to rein in the budgets, not save the world.So, instead of using local resources to protect the Amazon, maybe hire a police officer, instead of attaining Middle East peace, how about arresting a shoplifter? Like every politician on the planet, these mayors are out of their lanes, wasting time on international deals and declarations that are worthless, feckless, and non-binding."COMMON SENSE" thinks it's commendable to stop the rise of the oceans. But can we start by fixing one pothole, and saving one time?An update now in the migrant crisis in this country, a Haitian man is now charged with raping a disabled teenage girl at a migrant hotel in Massachusetts.The illegal immigrant was one of 138,000 Haitians allowed into the country since President Biden took office. Ashley Strohmier is live with more on those details. Ashley, good evening.ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hi, Trace.We are learning more information tonight about two horrendous crimes allegedly committed by people who are not U.S. citizens.And one case, 26-year-old Cory B. Alvarez was charged with raping a 15- year-old disabled girl at a migrant hotel in Rockland, Massachusetts.DHS and ICE officials said Alvarez came into the country last summer under the Biden administration's humanitarian parole programs for Haitians.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW CAMERON, RESIDENT, ROCKLAND, MASSACHUSETTS: Having this happen to a child, it's unacceptable. Something has to be done, and sick -- and we're all getting sick of it.(END VIDEO CLIP)STROHMIER: In another horrific case, an illegal migrant from El Salvador has been accused of sexually assaulting minors, while working at a church in Montgomery County, Maryland.According to a local report, victim said that the abuse often happened when they were praying with their eyes closed.Ervin Jeovany Alfaro Lopez was reportedly been deported twice since 2015. He was arrested in August and charged with rape and other sexual offences. And according to ICE and immigration detainer, was issued but not honored by the Montgomery County detention center, they released him just days later.And Trace, Alfaro Lopez was taken into custody again on Monday. We did reach out to the Montgomery County Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation about why they refuse to honor that ICE detainer back in August? But we've not heard back. Trace.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier, live for us in New York. Ashley, thank you.Let's bring in VOZ News anchor and executive producer Karina Yapor.Karina, great to have you on the show. I mean, it just goes on and on. Laken Riley, right? Laken Riley is murdered. A 2-year-old boy is shot and killed; a 15-year-old is -- disabled 15-year-old is raped by an illegal immigrant.Conservatives are saying enough is enough. And they appear to be right. What do you think?KARINA YAPOR, VOZ NEWS ANCHOR AND EXECUTIVE PRODUCER: Absolutely. Thanks for having me, Trace. Good night.And I just want to say as a Hispanic woman that, of course, concerns for most Americans are the same concerns that Hispanics have. Right now, crime is one of them. Illegal Immigration is impacting Hispanics just as much as it's impacting anybody else.Absolutely, the Hispanics here in the United States, they love this country, much -- the majority of Hispanics, we love this country we love law in order.The ones who are first generation coming here like myself.GALLAGHER: Yes.YAPOR: I was born in Mexico, and I came here 19 years ago legally for sure. And now, I'm a U.S. citizen. I'm concerned of what's happening to our country now.GALLAGHER: Yes.YAPOR: None of us want to see the crime rising. None of us want to see people entering the country that we don't know who they are.GALLAGHER: Right. And you've done well, Karina. And it's great to have you on the show. But I want to read this. This is foxnews.com. Migrant charged in Maryland. "Illegal migrant charged with assaulting girls at a Maryland church was deported twice."And I think that's part and parcel of a bigger problem. It doesn't even matter if you deport these people, because the gate is so wide open. Karina, that they just walk back in.YAPOR: Absolutely, Trace. And I have to tell you, I lived in work in El Paso, Texas at the border for several years. And you know, until 2013, and the kind of migration that we used to see there was very different than the kind of migration that we are seeing now.Unfortunately, under this administration, the policies have changed, you know, radically and that's just making it easier for criminals to cross the border definitely.GALLAGHER: Yes. And I want to put this very quickly up on the screen because I'm running out of time here, Karina, but this is the New York Times poll.(CROSSTALK)YAPOR: Absolutely.GALLAGHER: This is Hispanic voters. And you look at this. I mean, Donald Trump at 46 percent, Joe Biden at 44 percent. Don't know what, 14 percent. They are moving toward Donald Trump are these polling errors or do you think this is actually happening with the Hispanic population?YAPOR: I think -- well, I think it's accurate. And I have to tell you, one of the problems, what -- we, Hispanics love God, we love our families, we are hard workers, we pretty much share the values of the American people.And one of the problems that we had in the past is the rhetoric juiced by the Hispanic media outlets. And that's why we created VOZ News, to bring the conservative perspective of the news to the Hispanics.GALLAGHER: Yes.YAPOR: Because we embrace the same values. And we just love this country as much as you guys do.GALLAGHER: Yes.YAPOR: And we are very concerned about what's happening right now.GALLAGHER: Karina Yapor, great to have you on the show. Thank you. We appreciate your time.YAPOR: Thank you for having me. It's an honor.GALLAGHER: Well, coming up. Moms for Liberty labelled an anti-government and extremist group. Again, only this time, they're also considered anti- parent. Strange, considering it's a group of moms who defend parental rights and fight for their kids.And later in the "NIGHTCAP". FOX NEWS AT NIGHT is wondering if you would volunteer because our friend, Alex Coker, who's been on the show many times is attempting to break the world record for the highest tandem skydive 41,000 feet.Along for the ride as a 75-year-old passenger Jim Wigington, a multi- Guinness record holder in his own right. They will freefall for almost three minutes. If given the chance, would you go with Alex? Why or why not? Let us know X and Instagram at Trace Gallagher.We'll read the best responses in the "NIGHTCAP". I can't wait to see these 8:21 on the west coast.To FOX NEWS AT NIGHT "TRIP ACROSS AMERICA", first, alive look Eugene, Oregon. Watch out Virginia, they say Oregon is for lovers because it was founded on Valentine's Day, 1859.Milwaukee, Wisconsin, which is translated to the good land, and several Native American languages. And finally, a live EarthCam look at New London Connecticut, like its famous namesake also sits on a river called Thames.If you can't join us live, don't forget to set your DVR and watch us anytime. We're coming right back. Moms for Liberty.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: While the Southern Poverty Law Center which many consider a hate organization gave a briefing to the justice department about Moms for Liberty, and there is word that SPLC characterized Moms for Liberty as an extremist group that is both anti student and anti-government.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke, back live now with more on this story. Kevin.CORKE: Trace SPLC is known for designating mainstream conservative organizations as hate groups or extremists. Comparing such groups to like the Alliance for Defending Freedom and the Family Research Council, comparing them to groups like Neo Nazis.And now, they are targeting Moms for Liberty.E-mails obtained by the Heritage Foundation's oversight project through a public records request showed DOJ officials were briefed by the group, and they claimed that organizations like Moms for Liberty are "working to burnish connections to far-right politicians and normalize assaults on inclusive education."Among its recommendations, the SPLC said, government must "fiercely oppose efforts to impose educational gag orders on teaching painful truths about our nation's racialized history."Now, the oversight projects director, the executive director, guy by the name of Mike Howell, told The Washington Examiner that this was, "this perverted weaponization of government serves no legitimate and besides satiating the bloodthirsty radical left." Strong words, indeed, Trace,GALLAGHER: Indeed, they are. Kevin, thank you.Let's bring in Moms for Liberty co-founder, Tiffany Justice, and California GOP delegate Roxanne Hoge.Thank you both for coming on. The Washington Examiner headline says the following here. "Justice Department leadership accepted left-wing briefing calling Moms for Liberty extremist."I mean, first, the DOJ targets parents at school board meetings and then takes a briefing from a radical leftist group. Tiffany Justice. Does this surprise you at all?TIFFANY JUSTICE, CO-FOUNDER, MOMS FOR LIBERTY: It should be shocking to every single American. If the government can decide that you're a threat because they don't agree with you, today, it is public school parents, tomorrow it's you.GALLAGHER: Yes, and that's exactly right. Because that's the whole thing. We have seen that in censoring, Roxanne Hoge. We've seen it with Facebook and with all of these social media platforms, where if the government didn't like your narrative, they just shut it down.There is no more debate in California. They don't like Moms for Liberty, they don't like parents, they just shut them down.So, now, Southern Poverty Law Center gets to pick who the extremists are and who is not.And I guess they always have to a certain point that when they start going after parental groups, you think, somebody has got to go to them, and say, now, what do you think about SPLC?ROXANNE HOGE, CALIFORNIA GOP DELEGATE: Well, I really think though, that this is a softening of language. I mean, Tiffany and Moms for Liberty, now they're just extremists. Remember, three years ago, four years ago, we were grandma killers for wanting school to be open. Then, we segued into being domestic terrorists out of that letter, out of the DOJ for going to school board meetings. So, really, extremists, I feel like that, they're backing off. But all jokes aside, yes, this criminalizing of any dissent is ridiculous.GALLAGHER: Yes. So, here's the deal. You believe, this is Tiffany, we're going back to the "60 Minutes" piece because I just think it's fascinating and I think there has not been enough coverage on this and what CBS did. And so, you believe that "60 Minutes" deceptively edited the piece on you censoring Moms for Liberty. You put up a clip on Vimeo, which is like YouTube. It's a video service. And it was taken down. I want to play part of this clip and it has some of the words on the bottom you were trying to convey and then you can kind of explain this for us. So, watch and then Tiffany will pick it up from there.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCOTT PELLEY, CBS HOST: What is your fear?TIFFANY JUSTICE, CO-FOUNDER, MOMS FOR LIBERTY: I think parents' fears are realized. They're looking at these books where sexual discussions are happening with their children at younger and younger ages.TEXT: Then "60 Minutes" censored the following explicit content."Let's just kind of take a look here. They put something into your vagina, not even a finger."(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: You're reading this stuff, Tiffany, because clearly this is in the books. This is what parents are so outraged about. And "60 Minutes" cut it, and Vimeo just takes away the sound. It's got to be frustrating to be censored on both ends.JUSTICE: It's absolutely frustrating. And you know, the truth of the matter is that we read a number of books to Scott Pelley. So, there is text in our public-school libraries that "60 Minutes" cannot show on their show and that the Vimeo cannot put up online. And yet it's acceptable for public schools, parents are the enemy. We have had enough of this nonsense of our children being exposed to graphic sexual content in our public schools.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think the thing is "60 Minutes" appears to be getting away with this, which is really kind of one of those things that appears to be sad, Roxanne. Moving on to the Daily Signal headline, what are they hiding? School librarian admits they hid card catalog from parents while pushing BLM, LGBTQ issues. This happened in Maryland, Montgomery County. And they admitted, yes, we hid the card catalog because we didn't want parents to know the kind of books we had in the library.HOGE: The American Library Association has been a hotbed of leftism and Marxism for a while now and it's just, it's a shame because books should open the world to everyone, but I don't know a single teenager that needed an instructional book on sex. Everybody figures it out at one point or another.GALLAGHER: Yes, and not just instructional, graphic instructional as Tiffany can point out. Roxanne Hoge, Tiffany Justice, thank you both for coming on. Have a great weekend. Thank you.Coming up, young people could play a pivotal role. In fact, they will play a pivotal role in the 2024 presidential election. And the person they plan to vote for, it may surprise you.Plus, bottoms up, a new kind of beer dispenser you may soon see at your local bar. A special report just before St. Patrick's Day, but first a live look at Gulfport, Mississippi, where local legend says it is haunted.We're coming right back with our young persons-panel to find out who's voting and what does TikTok have to do with all of this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, a closer look tonight at what the numbers in new polling of young U.S. voters are telling us in the run-up to November's presidential election. Let's bring in some of our favorite Gen-Zers: TV personality and activist, Emily Austin; conservative Internet personality, Clarkson Lawson; and The Federalist staff contributor, Evita Duffy. Welcome to you all.Evita, to you first. I want to put up this Quinnipiac poll, because this says if the election for president were being held today and the candidates were Joe Biden, the Democrat, Donald Trump, the Republican. For whom would you vote, ages 18 to 34? You can see when the margin of error, it's almost a dead heat -- 47 for Biden, 45 for Trump. What do you think of that poll, Evita? What are you hearing from young people? Do you buy into that, that this really is this close among young people?EVITA DUFFY, STAFF CONTRIBUTOR, THE FEDERALIST: Well, I'm not sure it's quite that close. I think probably what we're going to see happen is a lot of young people who are disillusioned with Joe Biden stay home from the polls, which could actually really help Donald Trump. But I think there's a lot of things playing into this. I think you have, you know, the failure to follow through with the student loan forgiveness. You have the conflict in Israel with Hamas and that being a huge issue for young voters. You know, the economy doing really poorly, Bidenomics is not working for them. Then, you have this TikTok ban on top of it. There's a lot of things animating young people that are making them turn away from Joe Biden.GALLAGHER: Yes, we're going to talk about the TikTok thing in a minute here. Clarkson, now to you, the Quinnipiac most important issues, put these up on the screen. The economy is really the only one they're really passionate about. You go down the list and the numbers kind of keep going down. So, they're passionate about the economy, the economy to them does not appear to be good. What do you think about the, the top issues for young voters? What are you hearing, Clarkson?CLARKSON LAWSON, CONSERVATIVE INTERNET PERSONALITY: Yes, you know, previously in other elections when the economy was good, it's convenient to care about these social issues that typically energize young voters. But as we're seeing, the economy is now the top priority of all of us because they're really starting to feel it. The student loan forgiveness didn't go through, we can't buy our homes, you know, we're seeing the inflation when we go grocery shopping. So, those social issues that once kept us tethered to the Republican Party, they're now, or to the Democratic Party, they're now making us make the switch.GALLAGHER: Yes, Emily, USA Today had this headline quoting here, "Don't believe the narrative that Gen-Z will vote Biden. My generation is up for grabs." Do you think that's true? Is it up for grabs, Emily, what are you hearing?EMILY AUSTIN, TV PERSONALIST AND ACTIVIST: Yes, generally, I have trust issues with polls in general because in the Clinton-Trump election, as far as I recall going to sleep, I remember waking up in the morning fully being ready to see that Hillary Clinton was our president and then seeing Trump because the polls were all wrong. But you can think of Gen-Z as like a swing state when it comes to people because a lot of the times the media is reporting that Biden's in the lead and it's not necessarily true because like Evita said, there are a lot of issues that are bothersome to Gen-Z like the student loan never went through as Biden promised and now the economy. Gen-Z is going to have the hardest time putting a roof over their own heads unlike our parents had. It's much harder for us now to fill the gaps because of the economy we're in that's not even our fault.GALLAGHER: Yes, we go back to this whole thing and you touched on this Evita where you think about the young vote and you think about? the Israeli-Hamas war in Gaza, and you look at what's happening in Michigan and the uncommitted vote around the world. How big of an issue is that? Going into the election for Joe Biden.AUSTIN: Sadly, it's a huge issue --GALLAGHER: I'm sorry for Evita. Sorry, Emily. I'll get back to you.DUFFY: Yes, I think it's a huge issue. I think it's all over TikTok right now. You have Gen, Gen-Zer saying, I will not commit to vote for Joe Biden until there is a ceasefire. And now, you have this potential ban and a lot of young people are saying, we think that Democrats in the house and Joe Biden, and the executive branch are pushing for a TikTok ban because they purposely want to silence our voices. They're looking at what Joe Biden has done, and how the deep state is spying on American citizens all the time.Young people aren't stupid. They know that our own government doesn't care about our privacy, our own government spies on us. They don't care about China because you have a spy balloon flying over our country, and military- age Chinese males crossing over the border. So, yes, they're awake.GALLAGHER: Yes, they really are. And Clarkson, what do you think? TikTok, I mean, it's been all the news this week and I'm wondering how young people are perceiving this.LAWSON: You know, I think it's just more fuel to add to the fire of young people's you know distaste with American politics. The GOP doesn't necessarily need young voters to you know switch over to them in majorities. They just need young voters to feel you know disenfranchised because if the young voter base is not excited to show up to the ballot box, that could spell a lot of trouble for Democrats. And I think the TikTok ban is just going to add more fuel to that fire.GALLAGHER: And kind of round us out here, if you would, Emily, TikTok, I mean, they're talking about this. A lot of young people are thinking, why in the world are they canceling TikTok? It's our favorite platform. What's your final thoughts on this?AUSTIN: I heard conspiracy theories that they're banning TikTok because that's the only prominent Palestinian voice. I've heard the wildest conspiracy theories. The reality is TikTok, I've been saying this for months and years, is poisoning Gen-Z. It is leading false narratives. It's owned by a country that preys on America's demise. It's a no-brainer why our government should ban it. The only reason Gen-Z is opposed to it is because we should be renamed to Gen-T. TikTok is dominating our generation. It's spreading misinformation. We're falling right into the trap and it has to be stopped before it's too late.GALLAGHER: Gen-T, I got it. We'll note that. Emily Austin, Clarkson Lawson, Evita Duffy, thank you all for coming on. We appreciate it.As Americans gear up to spend an estimated $7.2 billion for St. Patrick's Day, some bars are turning to a unique tap system to serve drinks faster. Here's Fox Business Correspondent, Kelly Saberi.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KELLY SABERI, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Trace, St. Patrick's Day is on Sunday. Tomorrow, the river will be dyed green in Chicago and all around Chicagoland bars are prepping for the madness that will be this weekend. They need to be efficient and they know that well here at Bottoms Up Bar in Schiller Park, Illinois. They use the Bottoms Up draft beer system, which is just a coincidence that they have the same name actually. But it's so important for them to be able to churn out beers by the thousands because this is such a big holiday weekend. So, let me show you how it works.There's a magnet on the bottom of this glass. It's special for this system. Let's pop it out so you can take a look. All you have to do is take this personalized magnet and put it in the bottom of the glass and it sticks on. This is what you're going to do. You are going to get your Coors Light, tack it on, six seconds later you have a perfect pour, a perfect green Coors Light. But the beauty of it is that you will be hands-free. You can talk to your customers, you can take other orders, and you can just be human to human at this point.Here's the CEO told me earlier.JOSH SPRINGER, BOTTOMS UP CEO: Every place you go that is fun has a tendency to become unfun because it's too busy and you can't get what you want. And we exist and this exists to eliminate that.SABERI: One of the other benefits for business owners is saving money. Because bartenders aren't perfect when they use a traditional tap, they lose about a quarter of the keg in the process because nobody's perfect, but Bottoms Up can give you the perfect pour while being hands-free. The tap up here is really just here for you to choose what kind of beer you want.Trace, I heard that you like Modelo and we have that here, so let's fill one up for you. Hopefully, we've made the Gallaghers back in Ireland proud. Look how quickly that poured. Bottoms up, Trace. Happy St. Patrick's Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Bottoms up, Kelly. Happy St. Patrick's Day to you. Thank you, and (INAUDIBLE). Coming up, would you join Alex Coker on his journey toward a world record skydiving? 41,000 feet. What they're saying is you free fall for almost three minutes. Come on, you have to think this would be a life- changing event. Let us know, X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We'll read the best responses. We'll talk to the "NIGHTCAP" crew about falling free. Three minutes. Coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Ashley Strohmier, Roxanne Hoge, Armen Kurdian, Julie Hamill, and Evita Duffy. Tonight's topic, long way down. Friend of the show, Alex Coker, is attempting to break the tandem skydiving world record and FOX NEWS @ NIGHT is looking for somebody to go with him. Actually, he's got somebody. But would you go? He'll be jumping from 41,000 feet and will be in free fall for nearly three minutes. Along for the ride will be multi-Guinness world record holder, Jim Wigginton, who is 75 years old. Would you, Kevin Corke, jump on and go with Alex Coker from 41K?CORKE: I'm scared of heights. No. I would not.GALLAGHER: That is the shortest answer in "NIGHTCAP" history. Kevin Corke, I am out from 41K. In fact, I'm out from 4K.CORKE: There you go.GALLAGHER: Ashley Strohmier, would you go?STROHMIER: No. I'm just now OK with getting on an airplane. So, I'm surrounded. There's no way. There's no chance.GALLAGHER: Oh, that's so funny. Well, there you go. And now, you listen you match the pole coming up there. I'm going to get go around the heart a little bit more to see if we can get a taker on this thing. Roxanne Hoge, would you, would you go?HOGE: Kevin? We are not scared of heights. We're scared of falling.CORKE: Yes.HOGE: And so, no.GALLAGHER: Yes, being up there is fine, it's the coming down that's not, not so fine. All right, very good. Here's my first taker right. Evita Duffy, I know is willing to go 41K and then and free fall for three minutes?DUFFY: Oh, no, Trace, I'm not. I get a little heaved out on escalators. I think I would probably pass out on the way down, and we'd fall to our deaths. It'd be a terrible idea.GALLAGHER: Oh, my goodness gracious. Yes, I mean, you might pass out, but Alex is going to be fine. He's going to take care of you, and you're going to land just fine. That's what I can say. Hold on one second here, because the poll, would you go with him? Yes, 22 percent. No, 78 percent. Instagram, 29 and 71. Julie Hamill, you would go.HAMILL: I'm in.GALLAGHER: Oh, Julie's in.HAMILL: I've done 10,000.GALLAGHER: OK.HAMILL: And the free fall is the fun part. The scary part is when you pull your chute and you fly really fast. That's the scary part. And that's going to happen regardless of how high up you start.GALLAGHER: Armen Kurdian.KURDIAN: You know, for a guy who flies like a living, you'd think I wouldn't be scared of heights, but I hate it when I look down and there's nothing between me and the ground. Even, look, I get vertigo looking down from the balcony. So, I would actually love to jump from an airplane, but if fall didn't kill me, my wife probably would.GALLAGHER: Yes, listen, I learned how to fly a long time ago. I'm with people that say, why would you jump out of a plane? But me, I'd go with you, Alex. I would go with you on that 41K.Gunther says, "It would be a thrill of a lifetime seeing what would be like to be a bird."And Jason Paris, "That would be so much fun. If only I knew I wouldn't pass out."Linda says, "No reason to jump from a perfectly good airplane." She's right.Kenneth Roberts, "Can't be more dangerous than riding a motorcycle." That's right.Chrissy, "Deep down inside I want to, not so deep down inside, self is puking."Thank you all for joining America's late news. Thank you for watching. Have a great weekend. Happy St. Patrick's Day. We'll see you back here on Monday.