(VIDEO PLAYING)SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Mike, I hope he kicked his ass. That's all the time we have left. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes, indeed. Yes, indeed. Happy Monday. What a glorious Monday, more like fun day.So, President Biden is wearing new sneakers that are designed to prevent him from falling. Here is the prototype. And this is exciting. They're also working on a shoe that will keep Kamala from talking. Meanwhile, the President is bracing for a huge national security threat as gangs flee a violent-torn Haiti. Joe has already gathered a force to repel them. Just days ago, the President was seemed confused and feeble as staffers ushered him inside as it began to rain during an event, saying it's hard enough to keep his pants dry when he is indoors.The country of Niger has announced an end to their military relationship with the United States. Don't expect Biden to comment on the matter. His staff is terrified he'll mispronounce the name. There you go.Two thirds of U.S. adults would rather skip the movie theaters and watch new flicks at home on streaming. That way, women can look at their phones throughout the movie and then force you to rewind it 13 times to find out what happened. You all do that.On Friday, Vice President Kamala Harris and rapper Fat Joe met to discuss easing marijuana penalties. Next steps will be discussing global warming with vanilla ice.According to a new study, woke people are more unhappy, anxious and depressed. Or it could be the reversed, unhappy, anxious and depressed, people are more woke. Either way, they're ugly.Pet Rocks which were a fad in the 1970s are making a comeback in South Korea. Like the classic toy, the rocks will be packaged in cardboard boxes but be called the Biden.The CEO of Hertz has resigned following the company's bet on electric vehicles went bust. So, they're bringing in a new boss to slash prices. Bang. Old enough to remember that.A second man has been charged with the 2005 theft of a pair of ruby slippers Judy Garland wore in the "Wizard of Oz". And I'm thinking, come on, there has to be an easier way to tell your family you're gay.Reports allege that the tiny Arab state of Qatar apparently considered expelling Hamas leadership, nowhere yet whether Harvard will do the same thing.60 percent of likely voters oppose Biden's secretive flights that have transported 300,000 illegal immigrants across the nation, some oppose it because it's cruel and unusual to make illegal immigrants fly United.A woman who identifies as a dog made headlines after appearing on an Australian radio show. Now, that's nothing in America. We have five dogs that identify as women on a TV show. How dare you applaud?All right, to the monologue. Some bad news, everyone, Jesse Watters is dead, set against appearing on this show until his book is out, which means you've been hoaxed. Yes. It's time for you've been hoaxed, where the reporting is as legit as the padding in Dylan Mulvaney's bra. It's the media's playbook written by their coaches on the left. First, they lie. Then they attack you for saying it's a lie. Then they say it may be false, but it still fits a pattern of other lies they believe to be true, which is how we got this weekend's bloodbath of a bloodbath.The media claimed Trump predicts a bloodbath if he loses, of course, leaving out that Trump was referring to the automotive industry if Biden's policies continue. True, the media hit the context like a microphone I hide in a construction worker's porta potty. I told you that was a bad joke. Here is what Trump actually said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Let me tell you something to China. If you're listening, President Xi, and you and I are friends, but he understands the way I deal: Those big monster car manufacturing plants that you're building in Mexico right now, and you think you're going to get that. You're going to not hire Americans and you're going to sell the cars to us now.We're going to put a 100 percent tariff on every single car that comes across the line, and you're not going to be able to sell them, if I get elected. Now, if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath for the whole. That's going to be the least of it. It's going to be a bloodbath for the country. That will be the least of it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Well, least of it. So, there you go. Clearly, Trump's bloodbath refer to the impact of Chinese and Mexican imports on our auto industry. Trump is not suggesting anyone will bath in blood, even Pelosi, who actually bathes in blood to keep her figure. Oh, man. But, Trump's actual words make this New York Times headline about as accurate as Stevie Wonder playing cornhole. Bloodbath? Really? Once again, it's the Media Whores who pretend to misunderstand metaphors. The truth is, of course, it's just the deliberate hoax machine doing what it does best, taking something out of context, creating a story around it, and trusting their media pals to amplify it, and a whole host of other media hacks did while assuming you're too dumb to notice.Here is Nancy Pelosi at ground zero for hoaxes CNN.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): We just have to win this election because he is even predicting a bloodbath. What does that mean? He is going to exact a bloodbath? There is something wrong here. How respectful I am of the American people and their goodness. But, how much more do they have to see from him to understand that this isn't what our country is about?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: That was scary. I thought I was watching the latest version of "Faces of Death". Talk about hard-hitting questions. You rarely see that many softballs toss outside of a lesbian barbecue. Hey, Dana, bat your eyes or something next time so we know that you're alive. But, like most Trump hoaxes, this one stood up to scrutiny as well as Jesse's hair in a wind tunnel. He looks pretty good bald. He does.KENNEDY, FOX NEWS BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. He really does.GUTFELD: So, why is that? Well, we've changed. We've learned that the media cannot be trusted. We know to check their work since they won't do it themselves. It wasn't always this way. Remember the fine people hoax? Everyone fell for it, including Fox. But, thanks to some of us and others outside this network who doggedly expose that hoax and many others, Americans are now smarter and savvier about the hoax makers. We suspect all stories like this and question them in search for context. This didn't used to happen. Now it does. And props to Elon Musk's X. Under the old regime, this would have been labeled fact before we even got out of bed.But now, with the full context out there, the hoaxers had to change tack. It doesn't matter that it's out of context, we're told. Trump is capable of anything right, which is Democrat for crap, let's cover our smelly asses. No. You jerks, you were caught again. These people are like smash and grabbers who forget the getaway car and commit the crime but are left holding the case of men and speed sticks. So now, you'll see the media shift from it not being true to, but it's true in the context of the other hoaxes. True, the hoax is based on other hoaxes.For you to believe that Trump meant a literal bloodbath, he needed to believe in the fine people hoax, the Jussie Smollett hoax, the drinking bleach hoax and so on. It's like saying you should believe in the Easter Bunny because there is the tooth fairy. But, while we watch the hoax implode on impact, Dems are still protected in a hoax bubble. There is immune to the truth as Hunter is to penicillin. But, maybe it's Trump's own fault. I mean, he is so over the top. The Democrat media would never use a term like bloodbath. Would they?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: Politico.com reports tonight on the "bloodbath at the RNC."AMARA WALKER, CNN HOST: Joe Biden was just talking the other day about his concerns about a negative bloodbath.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And the headline refers to it as an impending bloodbath.SYMONE SANDERS, MSNBC HOST: Elections may not be the bloodbath for Democrats.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is probably going to be a bloodbath.JOE SCARBOROUGH, HOST, "MORNING JOE": It would be a bloodbath.JOY REID, HOST, "THE REIDOUT": Bloodbath at the ballot box.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I think shrinks call that projection, which may be why you feel like projectile vomiting right now. So, how do they think they could still get away with this? Are they that stupid, delusional, or just plain lazy? Please don't make us choose. The reason they're sweating harder than Judge Jeanine going through an airport metal detector is they know we're on to them. We're not falling for it anymore. The media's goal is not to provide information. It's to persuade and use whatever means necessary to get you to fall in line. So, maybe the Dems' obsession with the single word bloodbath is legitimate, because perhaps the polls are telling them there is one on the way.Let's welcome tonight's gusts. She is so off beat, white people can actually dance to her. Host of "Kennedy Saves the World" podcast, Kennedy. He is the only judge I'd like to see disrobe, actor and comedian, Vince August. This is the most exposure he has gotten since opening his raincoat. Host of the "Fox News Saturday Night", Jimmy Failla. And this catch pronouns are me and (inaudible). New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf.Kennedy, are you surprised how quickly this particular hoax deflated? It's almost becoming like a sport.KENNEDY: No. People have seen it. We've been to this rodeo. This is now our third Trump presidential election. And we saw the same dynamic play out in 2016. It just took longer. So, it's easy to forget that the media actually propped up Trump for a long time in 2016 because they thought he would be so easy for Hillary to beat. So, they've kind of done that through the primary season, like, oh, gosh, he is actually funny and look at the impression of Biden. But now that Biden and Trump are both the presumptive nominees, now we have a complete shift. And we've got another seven and a half months of this kind of reporting and distorting. And it's really unfortunate, because they have not learned anything about being skeptical or objective reporting. And Trump says enough that (BEEP) crazy stuff that you don't have to project anything new.GUTFELD: It is.KENNEDY: All the stuff he says that's actually pretty rational --GUTFELD: Yeah.KENNEDY: -- because if people took the time to listen to what he was saying, they'd be like, yeah, gosh, we really don't want those auto worker jobs that we fought so hard to keep in places like South Carolina going to Mexico, for good.GUTFELD: I didn't even know about that story until the left amplified, and I go, wow, this is helpful, Vince. And now, Kennedy says they never learned. What if it doesn't matter if they learn? They kind of know that their own audience lives in a bubble. So, they'll never see that. They'll never see the contact.VINCE AUGUST, COMEDIAN: No. Listen, the sheep are always going to follow the flock. But, I mean, this story is great for this network and all the independents out there. And this way, when they sit back and say, well, why is everyone listening to Rogan and Tim Pool and Jim? This is why. And the problem is they're never going to learn because people are never going to go back until someone like Rachel Maddow actually says, look, when I said the virus goes from person to person to person until it gets to the person that's vaccinated, and then it dies, you know what? That was a lie. Here is why I said it. Here is who told me to say it until they come out and do that miracle (ph), but no one is going back. They're never getting back to that audience. You know what I say? Good.GUTFELD: Yeah.AUGUST: But, it happened.GUTFELD: They all come here to see me. That's what I say. Jimmy, bloodbath, bubble bath, I'd be happy if you just took a bath.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Boom. There is the Greg we know about.GUTFELD: Yeah. What do you make of this development? It happened literally -- it took maybe 18 hours. Still people like Hillary were tweeting about it.FAILLA: Yeah.GUTFELD: It was hilarious.FAILLA: No. They ran with it. I think what the media is learning is like this show. They need new material.GUTFELD: No.FAILLA: You know, I love you. And I would not have a show where it not for you. So, that's --GUTFELD: I'm glad you remember that.FAILLA: I never legitimately criticize him.GUTFELD: Wait. You have a show?FAILLA: Sean Hannity --GUTFELD: Yes.FAILLA: -- actually stuck up for you on my show "The Saturday Night".GUTFELD: Oh, really?FAILLA: I said, which Fox personality would make the best cop? He said Gutfeld. And I said, but you couldn't drive the car because you can't reach the pedals. But, anyway, let me give you a real point.GUTFELD: That was a long setup.FAILLA: It was. Anyway. But, no, let me stick with you here. OK. This matters. First of all, Trump is wrong to worry about China opening up factories in Mexico, because thanks to Biden, everyone in Mexico is already here. OK? There is nobody to work. It's like three fat guys who didn't want to walk a few miles to the border. But, what they're coming back to is there is a real desperation because now we're in the generalist Kennedy setting and they have to sell Biden, and that's the liability here. They're not doing this because they think he means it. They're doing this because they need to socially pressure people away from supporting Biden because that's the angle. Like, if you're trying to sell Biden right now, you're trying to sell cruises on lifeboats from the Titanic, and nobody is dying to sign up.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: That's basically it. One guy loved that joke, by the way.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: Thank you. Saturday night 10 o'clock. On my show, that's a lot of audience.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: It's a big show.GUTFELD: You might want to take them with you.FAILLA: I might have to.GUTFELD: Kat, I keep -- we keep hearing the phrase "a boy who cried wolf". Should we just replace it with the media cries, whatever, (inaudible) cries Trump because I'm tired of that analogy?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, yeah, because that's absolutely true. Right? I saw all these headlines about how Trump called for a bloodbath, earnestly suggesting that the Republican nominee for President says if he doesn't win, then people are going to be murdering each other in the streets in mass. And I didn't even click on it.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Like, think about how crazy that is --GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: -- just for a second, that I was like, I probably didn't.GUTFELD: It didn't happen.TIMPF: But, I got probably -- didn't -- is there something that sensational? I mean, it's written so that it's purposely sensational. And I have zero interest in even clicking on it, because I know that it's going to be something like this. And I -- of course, I did click on it because I'm here today. But, even still, as it's been exposed, people are still saying, well, no, no, that didn't -- you know what he really means. It's like, no, no. But, to you, you just watch the whole thing.FAILLA: Do you know who the best guy is? Joe Scarborough.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: Because Joe Scarborough tweeted this yesterday, and then Elon fact- checked him in real time. So, he deleted the tweet, knowing it couldn't be held up to scrutiny. But then went on --(CROSSTALK)FAILLA: Yes. And he goes on, you all know he meant a bloodbath.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: We're like, no, we don't know that.GUTFELD: Yeah. He just told you that X is more important than his show.FAILLA: That's what he told.GUTFELD: He will lie, still lie on his show. But, Kat, then we'll move on. I don't click on anything with Trump in it because I know it's not true. It's just like I get what -- am I'm going to waste my time and find out at the end that what's in the headline is not what he said?TIMPF: Well, to Kennedy's point too, I mean, I'm libertarian. I do have issues with Trump. Right? But, there are people who now they don't believe anything --GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: -- and -- because they've been lied to so many times and in such a ridiculous way. I mean, that is really one hell of an accusation.GUTFELD: Yeah. It is.AUGUST: Yeah. But, with what Kennedy said about the things you can get them on, the problem is they can't argue policy against them --GUTFELD: Yeah.AUGUST: -- because their policies stink.GUTFELD: Yeah.AUGUST: So, if you had an actual policy, then you'd go after him for it, but you're afraid of your own policies.GUTFELD: Yeah, exactly. All right.Up next, how Trump's zingers anger left-wingers?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Thank you. Thank you. Oh, thank you too. All right. That's enough.Liberal knees buckle every time Don gets a chuckle. POLITICO just published a 2,500-word piece called "In on the Joke: The comedic Trick Trump Uses to Normalize His Behavior." Normalize. There is that word. It was 2,500 words to say Trump is funny. And trust me, if anyone knows funny, it's the comedy geniuses at POLITICO. The article examines his unique ability to tell a joke and make light of serious issues in a way very few if any politicians can. And so, what would be considered a skill in any other politician is now viewed as a tool of hate. The author interviewed several people who say Trump's hilarity "desensitizes his supporters to his most outrageous comments and proposals, the mirth masks the menace." Now, they hate masks.They also point out that laughing at his jokes is a sign of loyalty because that's how autocrats work. And of course, no Trump piece would be complete without a comparison to history's worst dictators. That would be like doing a piece on me without mentioning my enormous quads. Apparently, yet, Mussolini "had the same twisted sense of humor as Trump." True. His final words were heard of being well hung, but this is ridiculous.And as one Stalin scholar pointed out, they share rhetorical style because humor is not a bug. It's a feature of demagoguery, which is odd. So, Trump is funny. And the left's response is to say, well so are dictators. Well, sorry, POLITICO. I don't find Hitler or Stalin as amusing as you do. And so, what better way to honor Trump than with a montage of his greatest latest hits, "Roll it".(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I got indicted more than Alphonse Capone. Did anyone ever hear about? They call him Scarface. He has had a little scar in there. It shows a minor accident. But, Al Capone, you looked at him a little bit askance, he blew your brains out. That's a big step. That's like Babe Ruth hit the most homeruns or Barry Bonds. I don't know who the hell is it Adam Shifty Schiff with a neck like a pencil? He has got -- I said, how does he hold up that fat ugly face with a neck?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: The left can't handle that it's trump to stand up against their candidate who can barely stand up. But, if getting laughs is the sign of a dictator, one thing is for sure. We've got nothing to fear from Jimmy Failla.FAILLA: And I felt bad for taking a shot at you and the iPod.GUTFELD: Never feel bad. I feel bad about your material.FAILLA: There it is.GUTFELD: Vince, Trump breathes and he eats food, so do dictators.AUGUST: Look, the thing that bothers them the most is that they can't do it the way he does, and that's the bottom line. I mean, listen, he is obliterated, what, in 2015, took everybody out as Republicans. He did it again this year. And people think like if -- they're given too much credit thinking it's a trick.GUTFELD: Yeah.AUGUST: He is a talker.GUTFELD: Yes.AUGUST: This is what he does.GUTFELD: Yes.AUGUST: They're saying normalized. No, it's relatability.GUTFELD: Yeah.AUGUST: Go on any social media thread, I don't care what it's about, and not even a third of the way down, it's just people trashing each other and he does that. So, that's what makes him relatable. It's like, oh, yeah. Yeah. I do this still. This is exactly what happens.GUTFELD: This is -- and I have to be honest. I missed that at the beginning of his thing. I was like, going, this is unseemly. All he was doing was just talk (BEEP).AUGUST: Yeah.GUTFELD: And I do that every day. I kind of realize --AUGUST: We all do. Yeah.GUTFELD: -- I realize I was a hypocrite, Jimmy, by like, constantly, like I was criticizing the way he was talking while doing the same thing. I think what adds to Trump's humor is the outrage to it.FAILLA: Yeah.GUTFELD: Right? It's like you get two hits for the price of one. He'll say something funny, and then everybody flips out.FAILLA: Yeah.GUTFELD: So, it's twice as funny.FAILLA: And the things that get the most flip outs become parts of his routine.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: OK? They become the staples. Like, I'll give you an example. Like, when you go to a Trump rally, it is the new "Rocky Horror Picture Show", and that everyone there knows every word to the show. Like, when you're at a Trump rally, Greg, they'll be like, we can't go to the bathroom. They're about to do lock her up.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: And then they'll be like, we'll go there and drain the swamp and we'll come back to build a wall at the end.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: And the media goes crazy. So, they become part of the routine. That's all this is.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: And it works with people because it's endearing, because it's funny.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: People would rather have fun. That's what it is.GUTFELD: Yeah. You know what, Kat? It's funny how they never saw humor as a problem when they own the mechanisms of ridicule. And now, it's kind of like the monster got out of the box and they can't control it.TIMPF: I read this whole thing, and I just -- I felt like that a lot of it was missing anything to actually back it up, like saying that laughing at something Trump said, that marks you as a loyalist to him. So, like, was that also true when he was on The Apprentice?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: When he was on TV for a really long time because he is entertaining and people were laughing at him then, or is it only now. And really, the whole article just -- they're saying it's dangerous because they think he is dangerous. But, they're saying he -- they're admitting he is funny.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: They're saying he is good at it or it wouldn't be a threat. I don't know anybody who doesn't think Trump is funny, including the most liberal people I know admit Trump is funny. He just --GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: -- I don't understand. That's not true at all.GUTFELD: Yeah, exactly. Even the people that dislike him, Kennedy, find humor in this, but they can't stand it because he is doing well.KENNEDY: It is the laziest thing in the world to find two things that are totally unrelated, and try and force them to be a common thread. You're absolutely right. Yes, Mussolini also (BEEP) every morning.GUTFELD: Yes.KENNEDY: It's the former President presumably does as well. This POLITICO reporter, I wanted the 20 minutes of my life back that I wasted trying to read someone intellectualize something that is actually -- politics has gotten pretty dark lately.GUTFELD: Yeah.KENNEDY: And this is one bright spot we have in this political hellscape, and this person is just mad because they have to go to so many Trump rallies and cover them for POLITICO. Like, sorry --GUTFELD: Yeah.KENNEDY: -- you drew the short straw (inaudible) hole. The other thing is, they're trying to force Biden on us by saying, no, he is funny.GUTFELD: Yes.KENNEDY: See, he was a (inaudible).(CROSSTALK)KENNEDY: He told a junk and it's like that joke was written for him.GUTFELD: Yeah.KENNEDY: That joke was focused grouped. That joke was run by eight different people in the administration. And it was still only moderately funny. The thing that is most interesting here, that is the biggest contrast is he is making a lot of this stuff up on the fly. And Biden has no ability to do that at all whatsoever. He can't walk out of the rain by himself.GUTFELD: Yes.FAILLA: No. But, she is right. Trump riffs. He does crowd work.GUTFELD: Yeah.FAILLA: Someone you all doubted his rally, they go, I love you. He goes, you're not my type. That's funny. But, that's the only thing that would have made this story great and funny is having Trump read the POLITICO stories to everybody.GUTFELD: Yes. He might have to do like bedtime, story time. It is funny. He makes stuff up on the fly, and Biden can't zip his up.Up next, a professor says you're racist inside if you're a groom or a bride.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Everything is racist.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Welcome back to "Everything is Racist." Tonight, marriage is racist. Jimmy, a George Mason University professor published a paper arguing that marriage perpetuates white supremacy by reinforcing laws and policies and practices that marginalize minority groups. What say you? You're married? Does that make you racist? Well, you're racist anyway.FAILLA: Other reasons, yes.GUTFELD: That's not even the top 100.FAILLA: Marriage has nothing to do with the. First of all, marriage does not enforce white supremacy because most people get married and let themselves go. Out race becomes inferior through marriage.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: Have you seen most of my married friends? They all look like before models.But my wife and I married 20 years. A lot of people don't know this. We marched on Tinder. The weird part is it happened five years after we got married. It was awkward as hell.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: But I think back to the point we made about comedy. The people go after institutions they are not successful in. This person calls out marriage as white supremacist as a way of saying nobody wants to -- me, OK. And they just go, I'll write a piece why wanting to be desirable is bad, and there go it's white supremacy so I can make peace with the fact that I don't have a market for myself.GUTFELD: Kat, she said that the structure of the nuclear family is supporting structural racism, and she calls it marriage fundamentalism. So --TIMPF: What is that?GUTFELD: I don't know.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: What is "marriage fundamentalism"? And you're right, so she lives with her partner or whatever, but they're not married. It's like, maybe he just didn't want to propose.KENNEDY: I can't imagine why.TIMPF: And she's like, you know what, well, you're all racist.GUTFELD: What a great line for him, though. I'm not marrying you because that would be racist.TIMPF: Exactly. It's like, boy, he is very good at gaslighting.GUTFELD: Yes.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: But also, I looked at her Twitter. You will not be shocked to know that she was among the people tweeting about the bloodbath and retreating the Biden-Harris campaign statement about it. You put a bunch of words together, and it doesn't make sense. But people don't want to be accused of being racist, so they just go OK, yes. But you read this, it doesn't mean anything.GUTFELD: Is she white or black?TIMPF: Of course, she's white.GUTFELD: That's right.TIMPF: Of course, she white.GUTFELD: There you go. Kennedy, another example of an AWFL, an affluent white female liberal saying that all good things are bad.KENNEDY: Anything that you're bad at is racist.GUTFELD: Yes.KENNEDY: Again, another lazy argument. And we see this with everything. It's like organizing your kitchen is racist, because you're a slob. Exercise is racist, because you're a lazy great big fat person. Marriage is racist because you're unhumpable (ph) and miserable and your partner in your cis-gendered relationship doesn't want to marry you because you're impossible. And he knows that you are such a nagging Karen, the second you get diverse, which will probably be pretty soon, you're going to try and take all of his stuff to get back at the man.GUTFELD: Well put, well put.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Vince, people say, and this is a fact, that marriages greatly benefits society and people of all races. What, is she basically saying, blacks, marriage is not for you? That's kind of racist.AUGUST: If marriage is so racist then why did everyone celebrate it when LGBTQ community finally was able to get married, right?GUTFELD: Right?(APPLAUSE)AUGUST: We were having parties, everybody was celebrating. We're like, oh, my God, they finally get to get married. And now, what is it, seven years later, and it's racist? Wow, that happened fast.It's like that Trump thing that Kennedy brought up. Of all the things that you can say bad about marriage, there's about 1,000 before you get to racist. You know what I'm saying? It makes you complacent. The constant nagging, the bed sharing, the fact that you have ceramic rabbits all over your house that were never there before.(LAUGHTER)AUGUST: You know, having to deal with somebody else's family. I can go and on and on and on. And I'm not married, mind you, you know what I'm saying? And listen, the reason I never got married, plain and simple, it's racist. I'll be honest.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's so true. Think about being a guy in his twenties and he is dealing, like, he just wants to just date a bunch of woke girls. He could just say I'm getting married because it perpetuates racism. And then they're going to go, that is so enlightened. And then the moment they fall in love, they're going to be like, where's my ring. He's like remember when I told you it was racist? By the way, I'm banging your best friend.(LAUGHTER)KENNEDY: In the name of diversity.GUTFELD: In the name of diversity. In the name of diversity.FAILLA: I'm sexually appropriating, not procreating.Coming up, was ice cream on the brain when Joe was caught in the rain?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SINGING)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's coming your way, hey, hey. It's Video of the Day.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Today's Video the Day comes us from President Biden who recently found himself caught in the rain struggling to answer that age-old question, where the hell am I?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you agree with Chuck Schumer that Netanyahu should go?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Oh, my God. You wandered off again. Get him back inside. And for bonus video, here's a clip of Joe' recent cringe worthy Saint Patrick's Day press conference.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's great to have you here, and I was very happy to see Northern Ireland's executive assembly reinstated last month. Now Northern Ireland has a fully functioning government again. And I didn't know your colleague? young people in Northern Ireland represent a great peace dividend of the Belfast Good Friday agreement.Ireland now is one of the top investors in the United States economy, and our countries stands proudly for the liberty and against tyranny. We stand together and oppose Russia's brutal war of aggression in Ukraine. You can clap for that, please.(APPLAUSE)(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I guess the good news for Joe is it Saint Patrick's Day where if you are slurring --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: People just assume you're drunk.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, he was slurring more than anybody I ran into on Saint Patrick's Day. And by the way, wonderful green.TIMPF: I didn't even think about it.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Also he does that, he doesn't even like -- he just moves on. He doesn't attempt to be like, oh, excuse me, what I meant was, and then use words.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: He's like -- does he know? Maybe they won't -- does he think maybe didn't notice?GUTFELD: He had to tell them to applaud because they didn't know what he was saying.TIMPF: Yes. But I want to know what is his inner monologue while this is happening. Is he like, uh-oh, or is he like, I'm killing it.GUTFELD: There is no interior monologue.TIMPF: Because with drunk people are talking to you and they're slurring, they don't know they're slurring their words. They think they make sense. They don't realize this is the 15th time they've told you this. Is that what it's like with him, or, what awareness, if any, does he have of how absurd it is?GUTFELD: God, it has got to be a great life to have none of that in your head.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kennedy, there are conspiracies online that Joe has been replaced by a robot. I think it's nuts. But did you see how he reacted to rain? You know. To Tyrus's point, the enemy of robots is water.KENNEDY: Absolutely right, Greg, that is absolutely right. And I hope they are able to use that robot technology in Great Britain, because we are missing Princess Catherine. And I think that we would very much appreciate -- too soon. We haven't seen her in, like, three months. But, yes. We would appreciate that robot technology so we can get rid of all these conspiracy theorists.For a moment, I always feel bad for him when he does something like this, and then I realize that he is a power-hungry jerk.GUTFELD: Yes, he's been around for decades.KENNEDY: Like, his life is just to consolidate and wield as much power as possible to enrich his family, which makes him a bad person. So he's deluded, he is in decline, and he's morally bankrupt. So I don't care if he gets wet, I don't care if he wakes up smelling like farts. I'm done with him, and I'm done with Kamala Harris.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: You and I would make a great couple, just for that last part.Vince, does any of this really matter? Because the Dems are going to run him if he's a cadaver or whatnot. Look what they did with Fetterman. They were lucky Fetterman was able to get better.AUGUST: I think you people are terrible. I think you're all wrong. I think it's got to be amazing to be Joe Biden and wake up every day and find out you're the president like it's the first time it happened.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: It's not nothing.(APPLAUSE)AUGUST: I think you're awful, horrible people for making fun of him. He was walking around the White House, like this is an amazing tour. And they're like you're at work, sir. Oh, yes, that's right.(LAUGHTER)AUGUST: I know you're not Disney people. You have to go to Magic Kingdom. You have the Hall of Presidents. They have a Biden animatronic and it gets through the speech the first time every time. It's actually kind of amazing to watch. I'm like you made it to good.(LAUGHTER)AUGUST: They made it to good.GUTFELD: It's true. They're going to have to create some kind of internal malfunctions so it's more realistic, Jimmy. What are your thoughts?FAILLA: Listen, I think we're all making the same point. You don't have to be a Republican to know we shouldn't be living in America where we have a president who makes the sign language interpreter shrug, you know what I mean?(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: That's not normal. He said at the State of the Union, now is the to choose between unity and schmanagahemanahemana (ph). That's not good.(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: It's not good. When you're stealing material from Jeb Bush, because that's Jeb's most famous bit is please clap. But that's part of the reason he's asking for applause. They did understand what he said. It Saint Patrick's Day, and he opened on funding for Ukraine.GUTFELD: Yes, good point.FAILLA: The reason they didn't clap or say anything is they were like, is this guy -- kidding me, excuse my language?(LAUGHTER)FAILLA: No one cares about Ukraine. But the scariest part of that video is he got inside after the umbrella closed and thought he met Mary Poppins. And that's scary. That's just scary.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, up next, was Don Lemon too greedy or just plain needy?(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Is this even real?(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Tonight in "Is this even real?" it's Don Lemon's list of demands. Kennedy, sources say Don Lemon demanded a Tesla cyber truck, a $5 million bonus in addition to $8 million annually, equity in X as part of his now dead deal with Elon Musk to produce his who on X. Do you believe it? Is this real?KENNEDY: I believe everything single thing about this, and not just because I want to. It's just, it's the hubris. It's the reason that he was let go from CNN. But when he did the interview with Elon Musk, he was very combative, hadn't signed the deal yet, just made all these outrageous demands including the equity in the company and the cyber truck. That's a hell of a lemon party. I'm not wrong in thinking that.But it reminded me of Dennis Hopper's speech in "True Romance." He knows he's about to die, so he tells Elon Musk, your great great-great- grandmother -- and then the rest of it.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. You know, Vince --AUGUST: I didn't know that's why he got fired. I thought he got fired because he sucked.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes. He also demanded a private jet to Las Vegas for a consumer electronics show, and a suite for him and his fiance, and he wanted X to cover all his drinking and massages. He does sound -- that is Don Lemon.AUGUST: When is ever a good idea to interview your boss? That is, like, the first problem.GUTFELD: That's a great point.AUGUST: Like, what was he thinking, let me interview the boss. You should avoid the boss of your company like the way you do everyone else that has any influence in your life. Avoid your spouse, your boss, priest, your kids. Everybody. Just avoid -- don't interview them. Stay away. Hide. Right around the block for four hours until they're all in bed.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: That is wisdom. That is wisdom, Jimmy. Do you think this is real?FAILLA: Well, I think at first, I thought they leaked this to make him look bad. But then I realized, if they wanted to make Don Lemon look back, they'd just leak his own interviews, you know what I'm saying. This is definitely better than Toobin demanding hand cream. Cheap shot.But I think it's just proof that Don Lemon is past his prime, as one might say. Do you remember when he said Nikki Haley was past her prime? I'm like, yes, he just sucks. Back to Vince's point, he just sucks. And I think Elon Musk realized in interviewing him, I don't wanted him to be the face of what we do here, and this got rid of him while he could.GUTFELD: The thing is, too, it's like, Kat, this guy gives you an opportunity to do something, and you instead of seeing this as an opportunity, you see it as something that you can get something out of. I'd fire him in a second.TIMPF: Just the fact also that he got fired and he still is, like, "I'm the best." Why wouldn't you pay for my drinks and P.J. and my massages and everything else, which is a level of delusion that I think I might enjoy having, to some extent.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I probably would sleep a lot easier, because I'm employed, and I'm not like that, right. So I think that there is really no hope for a person like that in terms of actually changing. But actually, it might be a more fun way to live inside your own head.GUTFELD: I think he wanted the cyber truck because it would come in handy when he cleans out his next office.(LAUGHTER)KENNEDY: A lot of room in there.GUTFELD: There is a lot of room in there.Don't go away, we'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: All right, we've got time for one final thought, Kennedy.KENNEDY: I will be at the Carson Nugget in Carson City, Nevada, this Saturday night, March 23rd for two shows, 6:00 and 8:00 pm, tickets at CCNugget.com. I will see you and tickle you there.GUTFELD: Yes.Thank you, Kennedy, Vince August, Jimmy Failla, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)