SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".We begin with this FOX News alert tonight. A terrible tragedy struck earlier today during the Kansas City Chiefs, their Super Bowl parade, when a shooting left one dead and over 20 others injured.We'll have my opening monologue tonight in just a few minutes, but first, we begin with our own Bill Melugin. He has the very latest tonight.Bill, tragedy, sad, unnecessary, evil in our time.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, Sean, it's just horrible. This shooting actually happened right at the end of the Kansas City Chiefs celebration. You could hear the gunfire on live television and it sent people running in all different directions. According to Kansas City fire officials, there are at least victims who were injured in the shooting. That includes eight with immediate life-threatening injuries.As you mentioned, tragically, at least one person has died so far, and local media are reporting that many of the injured are children. Authorities say as of right now, at least three people are in custody in connection with the shooting. They've also recovered at least one gun on scene. The motive and what initially caused all this is still under investigation.Video posted to social media appears to show bystanders tracking and tackling one of the suspected shooters as he was running through a crowd. You can see two men taking him down and pinning him to the ground until police arrive.A second social media video shows police surrounding that same suspect and taking him into custody. Bystanders can be heard in the background saying they tackled him and that a gun was recovered on scene. Witnesses described what they saw when the shots first rang out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And then this family came up to us, mom, dad, and like a 9-year-old and like a 5-year-old, and they were bawling, and they said, we just saw somebody get shot in the lawn. When I saw those kids faces about somebody getting hurt, like they were -- they were tarnished and they were like scared.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And, Sean, a local hospital in Kansas City says they've been treating 11 children, nine of which had gunshot wounds. Thankfully, we got some good news on that front. The hospital said just a short time ago that all of those kids are expected to survive and make a full recovery.We'll send it back to you.HANNITY: That's one bit of good news what otherwise is so tragic, so sad. Our prayers for all the families involved in all of this today. So unnecessary, too.Thank you, Bill Melugin.Last week's damning special counsel report highlighted, remember, Biden's, quote, poor memory. And according to a brand new NBC News report, it's worse than we thought. Listen to this -- during his hastily planned damage control, remember, the disastrous press conference at the last minute, last Thursday. Remember Biden attacked the special counsel Robert Hur for asking about his son Beau's death. Maybe you remember this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I know there's some attention paid to some language in a report about my recollection of events. There's even reference that I don't remember when my son died. How in the hell dare he raised that? Frankly, when I was asked the question, I thought to myself, wasn't any of their damn business. Let me tell you something, some of you have comment, I wear since the day he died, every single day, the rosary he got from our lady of -- every Memorial Day, we hold a service remembering him, attended by friends and family, and the people who loved him.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Add to that, our lady of what? Our lady of what? How in the hell did he dare raise that or dare he raise that? I thought to myself, you know, it wasn't any of the damn business. Well, here's the news tonight, if that all wasn't bad enough, that press conference wasn't bad enough, you had -- he didn't remember our lady of, he didn't remember that General El Sisi was the head of Egypt.And according to NBC News's report, Joe's memory failed him once again. Now, two sources familiar with the special counsel's interview of President Biden, likely the White House, that's my best guess, are now actually saying that it was Joe himself that brought up the topic of Beau Biden's death. It was never Robert Hur.Now, Joe brought the topic up after being asked about his workflow from 2016 to 2018, and according to the sources, Biden tried to recall what else happened in his life during this time. Remember, he didn't even remember -- was I still vice president in 2009? And when he appeared confused about when his son passed away and everything else, allegedly getting the date, you know, right, but the year wrong by more than a few years, what have I been saying?Joe, your president, he is not cognitively strong enough to be one of those nice Walmart greeters, you know, the people that meet you at the door and say, is there anything we can do to help you? Yeah, like the sporting goods department. He could not do that job because he'd never be able to recall where all the departments are.Meanwhile, did the floundering Biden administration suffer yet another intelligence failure? Listen to this news, House Intelligence Committee Chair Mike Turner, he is now urging Biden to declassify information related to a, quote, serious national security threat and speaking from the White House today, NSA's, well, Jake Sullivan didn't exactly ease anybody's concern. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: In the simplest of terms, can you tell Americans that there's nothing they have to worry about right now in terms of what he describes as a national security threat?JAKE SULLIVAN, WHITE HOUSE NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR: Look, I think in a way that question is impossible to answer with the straight yes, right?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And now, tonight, by the way, sources are telling FOX News that the threat is related to Russian nuclear capability in space. Let's see, hypersonic missiles, check Russia, no check America. Now we have this case with space nukes? Are you kidding me?This new threat comes as your president is now warning House Republicans if they don't pass the ludicrous foreign aid bill, the one that in fact will be against Russia and Putin, that they're siding with Putin. That is not what they've said. They said, secure our border first.His comments are being echoed by some on the right, including Utah Senator Mitt Romney. It is disgusting. Joe Biden said Trump was unpatriotic. No, he's not. Nor are any other Republicans.This bill includes yet another $60 billion for Ukraine, on top of the 75 billion we've already given them, at a time we have, you know, what 34 trillion in debt, two trillion more last year, thanks to Biden.And earlier today, House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries may have said the quiet part out loud, releasing a statement that literally reads, quote: the most urgent national security threat facing the American people right now is the possibility that Congress abandons Ukraine and allows Vladimir Putin's Russia to win.Now, of course, the Democrats, they are completely ignoring the greatest real national security threat that is facing our country right now, every day, and has been since Joe became president. That is the border crisis of his own making. He created it.Since Joe Biden took office, we now have nearly 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants that have crossed our southern border, many of which they're roaming free around the country, you know, they're coming from, let's see, Afghanistan, Iran, Syria, Egypt, Russia, China and elsewhere. Gee, do you think they're coming with their families for a better life or maybe some of them have nefarious intentions for the country.But as per usual, Biden and the left, they are putting the blame on the -- on the -- on the Republicans, claiming that they need Congress to fix Joe's problem. Excuse me, that is a flat-out lie. Joe Biden undid all of the successful Trump policies that made our border secure in the first place. He inherited the most secure border in modern history, but with the stroke of a pen, he got rid of them and with a stroke of a pen, he can put them back in place. It's that easy.But that did not stop the White House from tweeting this kind of bizarre Valentine to House Speaker Mike Johnson. Happy Valentine's Day, by the way, everybody. Roses are red, violets are blue, the border deal was crushed because of you.That is a real tweet sent out by the official White House government account. Okay, let's play along in keeping with the spirit of Valentine's Day, I can't send Joe flowers. They wouldn't accept them from me. I can't send him candy. And he's not my Valentine.Okay, how about roses are red, violets are blue, people from Iran, Syria, Egypt, Afghanistan, China and Russia are all here because of you Joe or how about this one roses are red violets are blue any American killed by illegal immigrant will be because of you, Joe, and the blood will be on your hands.And thankfully, in less than nine months, you the American people have a chance to put an end to this national nightmare and defeat Joe Biden in November. But in order to do so, Republicans, you better learn some lessons from last night's defeat in the New York congressional special election, my former district when I once lived in New York.For starters, they were outspent dramatically. Some people have told me, it could be as high as 8-1. That cannot happen. Republicans need to even the playing field, financially. Secondly, more importantly, Republicans have to learn from the Democrats that early voting efforts uh were critical in this election yesterday and on Election Day, guess what? It was a major storm in district in New York that hammered the entire area, crippling turnout, especially for older voters who are prone to voting on election day.That means conservatives, Republicans need to embrace early voting and voting by mail, and they better at least match, hopefully surpass the legal ballot harvesting efforts of Democrats, where it's allowed. "The New York Times" even admitted the snowstorm was a boost, a major boost to Souzzi because Democrats tend to vote early, an absentee. They had stockpiled the lead of thousands of votes before the snow ever started falling.Republicans, they need to find ways to counter, you know, the early ground game. You cannot go into Election Day in a tight race down by thousands of votes. They need to embrace early voting, voting by mail. No, it's not the system I wanted. I said it a thousand times. We're stuck with this system until Republicans win elections, then they can change it.With all that said, there is good news for Republicans. In New York, "The New York Times" focus group of independent voters, yeah, in New York, 11 said they're voting for Trump over Biden, at least their eyes are open. And two brand new swing state polls were released by FOX tonight, one showing Trump leading Biden by two points, that's in Michigan, another showing him with a five-point lead in North Carolina, a must-win state for Donald Trump. Both states critical to his path to take back the White House in November.Here with reaction tonight, former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy is with us.Sir, great to have you back.Let -- let me start first with this issue about Biden. Biden comes out at this hastily called news conference. You saw it. I saw it, and it's all -- he's mad and he's furious that special counsel Hur pointed out that he didn't even remember the year he became vice president, when he started, when it finished on numerous occasions, and that he didn't even remember within a few years when his son died.How in the hell he dare -- how in the hell dare he raise that, his words. Frankly, when I was asked the question, I thought to myself, it's -- it wasn't any of their damn business, they never asked.VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, look --HANNITY: He brought it up on his own.RAMASWAMY: On one hand, you have -- you have a president who they say is too senile to stand trial. Well, on the other hand, they say he's perfectly fine to run the United States of America. Those two things can't make sense at the same time.But I want to point out something, Sean, which is that we have known about Biden's senility and mental frailties for a long time. The fact that the mainstream media and even the Democratic establishment is now picking on this signals to me that they are getting ready to move him out of the way, and precisely because Donald Trump is on the path to mop the floor with Joe Biden this fall, I think he is. That's why I think there's a very good chance it's not going to be Joe Biden.So we have to be skating to where the puck is going, not just where it is, is one step ahead. We can fall into the temptation of thinking the Democratic Party is as silly, stupid as Joe Biden appears to be on a given day. That's actually not the case. They're actually one step ahead and I believe they are planning to replace Joe Biden quietly and I think this is just one more step in leading us there for us to be prepared to really have a much more competitive race this fall than it appears at the margin.HANNITY: Listen, I think it's definitely possible. I mean, you can't have somebody this cognitively compromised. By the way, credit to this show, we've been pointing it out since the last election. And by the way, back then, he looks lucid and with it compared to where he is today, the decline has been that significant. We've shown people the tape.If you believe that, then who is likely to replace him.RAMASWAMY: Look, I think they have a major Kamala Harris problem, because this is a party that is tied -- it's very identity to identity politics. She only got the job, let's be very honest, because of her race and gender. I know you're not supposed to say that but it's the truth.And so, if they're going to move Joe Biden out of the way but they don't want Kamala Harris --HANNITY: You're talking about Democratic identity politics. That -- that -- that's -- that is a known fact.RAMASWAMY: That's the core, and they know that -- and they know that Kamala Harris cannot be the nominee, and so they have to have somebody who checks off one of those identitarian boxes. So that's why I think it's not going to be Gavin Newsom, whether it's Michelle Obama to Hillary Clinton to somebody else, it has to be somebody who checks off their temple of identity politics box. But I do think that that is where we're headed, and it's important for Republicans not to be complacent.Right now, President Trump would run laps around Joe Biden. This could be a Reagan style landslide. You look at that survey of independent voters, and that focus group that tells you the same story I am seeing across this country, which is precisely because why I believe they're going to actually change it to someone other than Biden by the time we get to this summer.HANNITY: Okay. Now, I have no reason not to believe David Axelrod but he was -- it was pretty strong in a statement saying Michelle's not running. Okay, that then brings up the Gavin Newsom issue. I've interviewed him. I have pressed him. I pressed him in the debate with Governor DeSantis on the issue of if he'd run.He's been very clear that he's not next in line, that the person that would be next in line would be the Vice President Harris. Okay, so how do he -- how do you put -- I guess push her out of the way and maybe go to Gavin if he would take it, I'm taking him out his word that he said he really wouldn't take it. Then you got to look at Gretchen Whitmer. It's interesting that they are pushing out a book, as understanding over the summer. That seemed to be kind of spontaneous. You think maybe she's been talked to or spoken to by people?RAMASWAMY: Well, the reality is even Hillary Clinton is now lightly criticizing Joe Biden. God knows she wants the job. I don't necessarily take David Axelrod at his word. I do think that -- it may not even be Michelle Obama's choice, the idea that just because she doesn't want to run doesn't mean they're going to make her the nominee. I think they are two separate and different questions.But whatever it is, Sean, this is our moment to get ahead of that curve, not to play a guessing game. I think the Republicans right now have an opportunity to own the message of national unity, seal that border, Democrat or Republican, most Americans agree on its importance, Black or White, man or woman, it doesn't matter, we agree, nations have borders, merit beats DEI, that we got to drill more, frack more.Own the actual issues that allow us to unite this country, and the more we get ahead of that curve, the more we say that we own the message of national unity, not Joe Biden who claim to unite the country, but we the Republican Party do that to make America great again, we have to make America one nation again, that America first includes all Americans. The more we embrace that message in advance, the less it matters if it's Michelle Obama or Hillary Clinton or anybody else.So I'm not a believer of waiting for the other side to make their decisions and then responding. Let's set our own agenda, national unity as our own message. I think Donald Trump has the ability to deliver on that, and that way, either way, he will be victorious this fall as I am keen to make sure we accomplish.HANNITY: I mentioned the nearly 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants coming from our top geopolitical foes, tens of thousands of them from these countries, and Biden and even Mitt Romney, I find their comments repulsive. Biden saying that House Republicans should reject Trump's dangerous, quote, un-American, pro-Putin stance on Ukraine. No, it's not a pro-Putin stance to say that this is the biggest national security threat your wide open borders that is allowing people from Iran, Egypt, Syria, Afghanistan, China and Russia into the country.Sorry, secure the border, get your budget in balance, then we can talk about aid. First, I talk about Israel. Ukraine already got 75 billion, and we cannot be fighting a proxy war with Vladimir Putin and Russia unless maybe we want Russia to get more aggressive. That is a potential outcome also.RAMASWAMY: Well, look, I think that we are marching closer to World War III than we ever have been in my lifetime, driving Russia further into China's arms, which unfortunately nobody either part is really talking about. But you're right, the top threat we face is the invasion, and I will call it that, the invasion at our own southern border. If that disaster can happen on October 7th in Israel, it could happen right here at home in the United States of America and God forbid we learned that the hard way.So this should not be a Democrat versus Republican issue and this idea that we need a new law, Sean, is also a farce. Remain in Mexico is currently technically the law of the land, you just have Biden and Mayorkas refusing to actually enforce the law. So that's where I want to see Republicans in both the House and the Senate actually stand with a spine to say that it's not just how much more money you send to the border, it is a demand that as table stakes for even having any other discussion about foreign aid, we have to make sure we are enforcing the laws that are already on the books.We don't need new laws. We need a new president who actually enforces the law. That's not Joe Biden. It's going to be Donald Trump. But until then, Republicans have to make that demand of this administration enforcing the law before there's even a conversation about any foreign aid package. That's where we need to go.HANNITY: Yeah. Vivek Ramaswamy, thank you for being with us as always.We have a new poll tonight out of the great state of South Carolina, showing Trump with a commanding 36-point lead over Nikki Haley. That is her home state. This is only 10 days from the state's primary. We will be there that Friday and that Saturday.According to the Real Clear Politics Average, he leads Nikki Haley by, well over 30 points. And tonight, he held a huge rally, this one in North Charleston. Let's take a look at tonight's highlights.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: One of the most important issues in this race is which candidate can rescue the American economy and save the American Dream. You don't hear about the American Dream for quite a while. It's the American nightmare right now.Under the Trump administration, you were far better off. Your family was better off, your neighbors were better off, your communities were better off, and our country was a lot better off than it is today. Today, our country is going to hell, it's going to hell.Millions and millions of people pouring in from places unknown. America was stronger, richer, safer and more confident than ever, when I was sitting behind that beautiful Resolute Desk in the Oval Office.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here with more, Trump national press secretary Karoline Leavitt is back with us.Karoline, good to have you.You know I watched the media and they're trying to say, no, Donald Trump mixed up the name of I guess Pelosi and Kamala Harris, I don't know who it was. See, he's just like Joe. I'm like, no, he's not. Just compare the two side by side, any speech, and you can just see a guy that is engaged. I have had conversations with him, endless conversations on a variety of topics lasting hours.He -- as a matter of fact, you wind him up often, he won't stop. What do you make of this latest Biden blunder that, in fact, Robert Hur never even brought up his son's death and he acted all outrage last Thursday at that horrible press conference?KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP 2024 NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY: Let's be very clear, Sean, to the fake news media. There is no comparison between President Donald Trump and Joe Biden, not on cognitive ability, not on mental and physical fitness and certainly not on policy. And the American people see that.Karine Jean-Pierre and the White House tell us all day long, just look at Joe Biden, the American people can think for themselves. Yes, they can and that's exactly why Joe Biden is the weakest commander-in-chief in this history because we see him every single day fumbling and bumbling over his words, tripping up the stairs of Air Force One.And more importantly, Sean, the American people feel the tangible consequences of Joe Biden's incompetent policies that are hurting them and their families every single day. You just heard President Trump on that stage surrounded by thousands of patriots, more patriots than Joe Biden has ever been surrounded by, delivering a very simple message, are you better off today than you were three years ago?The answer is no, we had a secure border, now we have a wide open border. We had peace around this world, now we have chaos and needless bloodshed. We had a booming economy. Now we have record high inflation that is ripping off people every single day.That's why we need South Carolinians to get out and vote early in this primary send a strong message not just to Biden but also Nikki Haley who is serving as a vessel for the Democrat Party right now. She's an in-kind contribution for Joe Biden and his team. Let's send a loud and clear message to both of them that we are going to win this election in November.HANNITY: And every American needs to know they've been lied to, by being told the border's secure, the border's secure, the border's closed, for three years. Now, it's not my fault, it's the Republicans fault. No, Joe Biden got rid of all of the Trump policies that were successful. I'm sick of the lying.Anyway, Karoline, thank you for joining us.Joining us now -- straight ahead, we'll check in, Mayorkas is not the only one with an impeachment problem. We have another bombshell report from justthenews.com editor-in-chief, investigative reporter, John Solomon, on the shocking things we are now learning about this impeachment inquiry. New news tonight, are the cases against Donald Trump also crumbling? We'll check in with Alan Dershowitz, Gregg Jarrett, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And this is another FOX News alert. Republicans are now moving full speed ahead with their Joe Biden impeachment inquiry, and they have now mounting evidence that proves that Joe was involved in Hunter's business dealings. He lied to the American people as a candidate and as a president. We played those tapes over and over.I never once talked to my brother, my son Hunter or anybody for that matter about their foreign business deals. Biggest lie ever told. Just like Nixon saying, I'm not a crook.Anyway, according to House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer, well, yesterday, Hunter's former business partner Tony Bobulinski testified, he's the one that told us the big guy was Joe, he testified the business that the Bidens were engaged in was selling the Biden brand. They were influence peddling.This is just the latest evidence the House GOP has against Joe Biden, and we expect more as we await Jim and Hunter's testimonies in the coming weeks.Now in an interview with "Just The News" last night, James Comer told John Solomon that they identified a new Biden bank account that could eventually lead to Congress subpoenaing that Biden's personal bank records. I think we should get those. I want to see Biden's pseudonym email accounts, every message sent, every message received, because he wasn't supposed to have those. Maybe they want to have a search of that, maybe they can raid his house. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): The witness made reference to an account we didn't know about. We're researching that account. They also said that that account could have possibly been paid with some infusion from the grandchildren.Now, I don't know about you, John, but I don't know anyone in the world whose grandchildren have ever deposited money into a savings account for their elderly grandfather.But now, maybe I'm wrong, but that's something we're certainly looking into.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Joining us with more, justthenews.com founder, investigative reporter, editor-in-chief, John Solomon.Okay. That says a lot. We also heard from Rob Walker. We've heard from Tony Bobulinski. Put it all together and what does this mean and where is this committee headed next?JOHN SOLOMON, EDITOR IN CHIEF, JUSTTHENEWS.COM: Well, listen, it's so clear now that Joe Biden lied his way into the White House. He told us all these stories in `19 and `20, and none of them have been true. He told us I knew nothing about my son's business deals, didn't know anything about Burisma.Well, I'm sorry, you met with one of the Burisma executives at a dinner at Cafe Milano. In fact, he met with six of the major foreign business associates that accounted for most of the money Hunter Biden's companies got during that period when Joe Biden was vice president right after he left office. Two of them were Chinese officials. Jonathan Lee in 2013 and chairman Ye Jianming, the guy who ran CEFC Energy, Joe Biden meets with him in February 2017, and then a couple weeks later, voila, $3 million has produced the Hunter Biden's businesses from that Chinese communist company.Why is that significant? When you look at this, there is a phenomenon in business, a phenomenon in politics called the rainmaker. The rainmaker doesn't need to know all the details about what's going on in the business. He just needs to show up and say, hey, I'm part of this, make sure you pay up.That's what Joe Biden was. It's just like what Bill Clinton was during the White House coffees and the Lincoln bedrooms, right? Bill Clinton didn't really want to know the donors. He just needed to show up to make sure the money change hands. That's what Joe Biden has been doing.This is what James Comer, Jim Jordan and Jason Smith have exposed. Joe Biden was the rainmaker. He shows up, he makes a few pleasantries, he lets people know, hey, I'm in on this with the family and then these foreigners start writing checks.These are meetings occurred at restaurants. They occurred at the naval observatory. The vice president's mansion, they occurred in Washington hotels. Heck, they occurred in Beijing hotels.The idea that Joe Biden wasn't part of the family business is no longer a sustainable argument for the White House or the president.HANNITY: What do you think the most damning revelations are? And what does James Comer -- where do you think this bank account will take us? And you know, the comment about the grandchildren getting paid and having massive amounts of money in their bank accounts, and 10 Biden family members, and James Comer telling me last night that or Monday night, $20 million at least that they took in, Nancy Mace thinks it might go as high as $50 million or higher --SOLOMON: Yeah.HANNITY: What else did they -- what did they do for the money? Have we ever gotten an answer to that? And what else does the committee need to really bring this home besides the pseudonym email accounts and the bank accounts and I would argue the phone records would be equally important. I'm -- I'm told that there was a phone that Joe Biden used and we -- they don't have that yet is my understanding.SOLOMON: There's no doubt he had a phone because I called it once thinking I was calling Hunter and I got Joe instead. So there is a phone. There's no doubt about that.Listen, I think at the end of the day, most of the key elements are there. One thing that Republicans need is a clear story. They just need to explain this clearly to the American people. It's still hard to do because there's so many parts coming together, but the clearer the story becomes, the easier it is for the public to get behind impeachment. The president lied to you to get into office. He facilitated all these foreign shakedowns with some of these people who were not very desirable individuals.Joe Biden's own State Department thought Burisma was corrupt. His son wasn't only working there, Joe met with one of the executives in 2014. Why shouldn't that be a matter of concern for public?I think there's one thing they're going to be going toward in the next couple weeks, keep an eye on this. There are three Ukrainian documents that were found in Joe Biden's possession that were classified, all of them are in the time frame around when he was pressuring the Ukrainian government to fire that prosecutor who was looking at Joe Biden's son's company, Burisma. That is shocking.Of all the things, he could have had on Ukraine, all of them seem to involve one of two things, Ukraine energy, that's where his son was working, or the prime minister in the month -- the very month that Joe Biden pressured the prosecutor to there you saw. Today, Jim Jordan began to go after those documents, the transcripts. I think that's going to be a very important line of inquiry.Otherwise, I think we know most everything else. Hey, the grandkids might have given some money. Do I think it's millions of dollars? No, but it's a pattern of how they move money around the Biden family.HANNITY: And also remember Joe's handwritten note, he wanted a copy of the conversation with Poroshenko the former president as it relates to the phone call when they talked about firing Viktor Shulkin. That could be very revealing.Great work as always, John Solomon. Thank you.Here now with re reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, along with Harvard law professor -- I don't know if you want to even be called the Harvard law professor anymore, Alan Dershowitz.I might say, Hannity, just introduce me as Alan Dershowitz, I don't want to be associated with that place anymore but that's up to you, let me know.ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR: I'm emeritus which means -- I'm emeritus, that means formally of Harvard Law School. Now on my own.HANNITY: You're on your own, proud of it.DERSHOWITZ: And willing to criticize. Yeah.HANNITY: Let's look at the big picture of what Joe Biden is facing here legally and also compare it, contrast it to what the president is facing. This immunity issue and whether it's going to be taken up by the Supreme Court is critical.Professor, we'll start with you.DERSHOWITZ: Well, there's so much hypocrisy going around. They're now trying to impeach Joe Biden based on what he did as vice president. Now, remember that in the past, the shoe was on the other foot, and that is -- was the Democrats who were saying, no, you can't -- you can impeach. You can impeach a president when he's no longer president, the second -- the second Trump impeachment.So the big issue in that case is can a person be impeached for what he did when he was vice president now that he's president? We don't know the answer to that, but the sides have shifted on that now since the target is no longer Donald Trump and the target instead is Joe Biden. So we'll have to wait and see whether or not that works out.The same thing is true by the way with the Mayorkas impeachment. The same people who used to say, oh, you need high crimes and misdemeanors and crimes like treason and bribery are now saying, no, no, no, it's okay if it's an abuse of office, whereas the other side who was saying used to say that you can have broad, broad criteria like abusive power and obstruction of Congress and now saying, no, no, no, no, no, no, it has to be specific.So there's so much hypocrisy and that always happens when either side weaponizes the criminal justice system and the Constitution and the loser is the American public.HANNITY: You know, the interesting part, Gregg, and the professor right, this question now whether the Supreme Court will take up the immunity case, this could very well affect Joe Biden, you can't indict a sitting president. Most people agree with that, that has been DOJ policy.However if in fact Joe Biden as vice president took official actions that benefited his family members, you have said that fits within the bribery statute, that would be the crime of bribery. That would mean when Joe leaves office, he doesn't have executive privilege in that immunity from when he was vice president, does he?DERSHOWITZ: That's right.GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: That is correct, and you know, look, it is a crime under the bribery statute, it's an impeachable offense known as bribery in the Constitution, I'm against the ideas you know of impeaching a president during an election year, that's election interference in my judgment, trying to disenfranchise the voters, they should have the say on this.Now, having said all of that, conferring -- using your public office to confer a benefit in exchange for money to yourself or your family, the money doesn't have to go to you is a crime, and it's an impeachable offense. And so, you know, are there grounds for impeachment here? Absolutely, I think the impeachment inquiry continues to develop really critical evidence of the influence peddling schemes that Hunter Biden was in charge of, but Joe Biden was intimately involved as John Solomon just explained.They were selling the Biden brand -- the brand was access and promises of influence from Joe Biden.HANNITY: All right.JARRETT: And the promise alone sustains a criminal charge.HANNITY: Exit question, yes or no answer, I don't have the time. Will the Supreme Court take up the immunity issue? I believe they should.Professor?DERSHOWITZ: I believe they should and I believe they won't until after there is -- if there is a conviction. I think they'll punt on that one. I think they will take up some of these other issues, however.HANNITY: Gregg, yes or no?JARRETT: They should now, but they won't now, but they will take it up later in the event of a conviction.DERSHOWITZ: That's right.HANNITY: You are both correct. I agree with both of you.All right. You get an A+, Professor, good for you. You're graded by Hannity. That's ironic.Anyway, up next, we're going to tell you why Bidenomics is not stopping Eric Swalwell from living a life of luxury. We'll check in with Jason Chaffetz, and Steve Moore, straight ahead. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Remember Fang Fang, remember Congressman Eric Swalwell, he is back in the news for more shady business. Now, you might remember in 2021, when this photo emerged of Congressman Eric Swalwell and another congressman riding camels on your dime.Anyway, according to "Business Insider", they were in Qatar on a trip paid for by a special interest group. What a great gig.Well, this time, FOXNews.com is reporting that according to its year-end filings, the Swalwell campaign spent a whopping $17,000 at a five-star hotel in Dubai known as the city's most iconic hotel. Now, this was among $90,000 in travel expenses nationwide and worldwide, along with thousands of dollars spent on private security, fancy restaurants, sporting events.And while Democrats like Swalwell are living lavishly, well, the country continues to crumble. Sixty percent of Americans living paycheck to paycheck. Experts have now issued dire warnings about our country's crippling national debt. The Peter G. Peterson Foundation outlines some of the risks that we face as a result to the growing debt, including reduced public spending, a worsening housing market and even threats to our national security.Anyway, joining us now with more reaction, FOX News contributor Jason Chaffetz, along with the Committee to Unleash Prosperity founder Steve Moore.All right. Let's start with Swalwell, lavish spending. Jason Chaffetz, why do I think if there's not a law, there should be a law against that type of spending and taxpayer dollars.JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, yeah. Now, look, members of Congress spend money raising money. They go to different places, but his expenses, holy cow, nobody's ever seen those. He even in 2022, that cycle, he outspent Nancy Pelosi who was running around the country helping other candidates, you know, raising money, do all.How do you spend, it was like over $500,000 in travel expenses? And the other one that gets me, Sean, is that he's traveling to London, he's going to Dubai, Germany, Paris. I don't know what in the world that has to do with the California district that he represents, but that is way out of control, and I -- it's just unseemly at best and is out of control and really needs further examination.HANNITY: Our inflation numbers up a whopping 300 percent from a year ago in the recently released numbers, Steve Moore. And Jamie Dimon, a Democrat who actually said Trump policies worked and you should stop attacking Trump, but he's not a Trump guy, anyway, he actually said that debt is the most predictable crisis in history and experts say it could cost Americans their homes, spending power and national security. What, we're going to pay a trillion dollars on the debt alone? Biden's $34 trillion in debt, $2 trillion he added last year.I don't see how you overcome that and I'm not the great economist that you are.STEVE MOORE, COMMITTEE TO UNLEASH PROSPERITY FOUNDER: Well, you know, Jamie Dimon as you just said, is not a conservative.. He's not a Republican he's a Democrat and he's just basically saying because I read his whole statement, and I've been listening to what he's been saying for the last couple of months, and he's saying this is a house of cards. That our debt is now $34.5 trillion, the Congressional Budget Office just came out a few days ago, Sean, saying that if we stay on the Biden baseline, you know that he's already raised the debt by $6 trillion, and they they're saying that the debt which is now $34.5 trillion, ready for this, and over the next years, it's going to go to $50 trillion.I mean these numbers are -- it's like termites in the basement of a house, the whole thing is going to collapse. And incidentally, just the other day, Biden is now saying he wants $100 billion for this sham foreign aid bill, not one penny of that is paid by cutting other government spending, this guy thinks we can just go to the moon with all of this spending in debt, and it's going to -- it is going to collapse. I don't know when, but it will collapse the economy.HANNITY: All right. Real quick, Jason, you agree with that? Do you think the economy is headed for that collapse?CHAFFETZ: Yeah. We spend more than a billion dollars a day just in interest on our national debt. You can't do that. We're about to spend more money servicing our debt that we do actually on our national defense. That's how bad it is.HANNITY: All right. Steve Moore and Jason Chaffetz, thank you both.When we come back, the return Larry, Leo 2.0. We'll tell you about California's latest disaster and yet another reason why yours truly moved to Florida. I haven't been back to my house in New York since before the New Year, my old house. I have a new house, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And things tonight are not looking good in the state of California, and that includes the 49ers losing to Kansas City. According to a recent survey, 50 percent of U.S. adults now believe California is a state in decline.It's no secret why. The state is dealing with a homelessness crisis, along with a crime wave in Oakland, surrounding cities, frankly, all over the state. Recently, a brazen thief robbed an Apple Store of several iPhones right in broad daylight. Thankfully, police have arrested this criminal and he's being held on $810,000 bond or bail.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Leo 2.0 Terrell, and former presidential candidate, our friend Larry Elder.Okay, crime, taxes, regulation, sanctuary state, and no law and order. Not a -- not a lot of reasons to stay there, Larry. Why you still there?LARRY ELDER, FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, I'm still there because I was born and raised here. My family is here, my memories are here. But this state, you know, California has been rated by a survey of CEOs --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Leo has probably made $50 million selling those hats. You got to sell your hat. All right. Go ahead. I did interrupt you, we lost that much time.ELDER: Leo's a better capitalist than I am.But, you know, California has been rated by CEO to be the worst state in which to do business year after year after year. It's because of all these brain dead policies that these politicians are inflicting on people. They've just now raised the minimum wage or there's just been a Senate candidate who wants to raise a minimum wage to $50 an hour.Last year, Sean, the legislature passed and the governor signed a bill jacking up the minimum wage for fast food workers from $16 to $20. Almost immediately, Pizza Hut fired 1,200 drivers. This is the kind of madness that goes on in California.These people have never so much as run as a hot dog stand. They've never read an economics 101 book, and they're just jamming these things down the throats of the American -- of Californians, to the point where 3 million people in the last three years have left the state, with more to follow.HANNITY: Yeah. Leo, I'm surprised you still stay in -- in California. I could tell you move here to Florida where I now am. They're going to love you here. You can move in, we'll get a place, you know, next to me. We'll break bread together every night. It'd be awesome.LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It sounds good, Sean, because honestly, I never -- I never contemplated leaving California but it is definitely something that I will decide at the end of the year.But let me tell you right now, America has the worst president ever in Joe Biden. California has the worst governor in Gavin Newsom. You decimated Newsom with the Red State Blue State debate, and this state is in horrific situation.That kid who was running around that Apple Store and stealing, he has nothing to worry about because there are soft on crime prosecutors in Alameda County, Los Angeles, elsewhere throughout the state. As long as the Democrats control California, we will remain a socialist state unfortunately.HANNITY: All right. Tomorrow on my website, hannity.com, I'm going to have Larry 1.0 hats and Leo 2.0 hats. Put up links on your website and I'll link to it.Thank you both.More "Hannity" straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for making this show possible. We hope you'll set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity."But I do have good news. Let not your hearts be troubled, why? Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face. Thank you for being with us. Have a great night.