SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: But unfortunately all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever miss an episode of "HANNITY." In the meantime let not your heart be troubled. Greg's up next and we will see you back here tomorrow.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, sir. So happy February 29. It's a date that only happens once every four years. It reminds me to change my sheets. Now, it's often said that life is like a crap sandwich. The more bread you have, the less crap you got to eat. But uh, Gavin Newsom's California they mean it literally. California recently passed the state a law mandating a higher minimum wage for fast food restaurants raising it from 16 to 20 bucks an hour. But it offers an odd exemption for chains that bake bread and sell it as a standalone item.Why? What difference does that make? Why shouldn't a restaurant slash bakery be subject to the same laws as everybody else. Is the Baker's union that powerful if you cross them well, you wind up with the Pillsbury Dough boys head in your bed. No one will say. But according to a new Bloomberg News report, Newsom pushed for the bread exemption to help a longtime campaign donor billionaire Greg Flynn, who happens to own a bunch of Panera Bread.I know. You know Panera. It's the sort of place you go to when the other option is a vending machine; one that only sells banana chips. No one seems to be there by choice, and no one there looks very happy. It's as if the DMV had a cafeteria. And what's up with those massive bread bowls. I think that's where Dana Perino goes hot tubbing. Now the new law is called The Fast Food Accountability and Standards Act or FAST and it's aptly named because it will cause more businesses to flee the state faster than a Taco Bell chalupa soaring out of your resentful butthole. You got to use that word once a year.GEORGE "TYRUS" MURDOCH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Set the tone, Gutfeld.GUTFELD: Yeah, thank you. Since it's the scientific term. Apparently, the big bread exemption has puzzled observers for months but Newsom told reporters it's just part of the sausage making of politics. So what's that means, sausage making? We know it has nothing to do with Gavin cooking, he prefers dining out especially when everyone else is locked down under threat of arrest.The phrase refers to the unpleasant way in which a process is carried out behind the scenes. When someone says you don't want to know how the sausage is made. It's usually referring to something gross. Like actually making sausage or using this skin for Jerry Nadler's tummy tuck to make a parachute. But also, it's how politics is done. Gavin spoke the truth. When he makes sausage, he means making deals for his donor pals so they're exempt from the rules that he enforces on others.It's the whole reason why people like Gavin get into politics and why billionaires remain friends with people like Gavin. So they're immune from the political punishment they actually support. It's funny how Democrats really hate billionaires, except when they don't. Now Flynn says the law would kill the franchising business in California, but since he played no role in creating the exemption. But according to Bloomberg, Flynn quietly lobbied Newsom aides to reconsider whether Panera should be considered fast food.So now out of all the fast food tycoons in the state, he doesn't need to worry about it. It's nice to have friends in high places like Gavin Newsom, who's really just a wannabe Jesse Watters, but with real hair. Meanwhile, almost every other fast food place will suffer. McDonald's can't just start browning loaves of dough to claim an exemption. It's predicted that Mickey D's could lose 250 grand per location per year. Sadly, the only thing getting baked at McDonald's will be the owners when they see their profits.Meanwhile, Chipotle is planning to raise prices too. True it's getting more and more expensive just to have diarrhea. That's how I keep slim. But they all need to raise prices because that's how it works. When you make it more expensive for a business to operate, the business passes that extra expense on to the consumer or else they'd go out of business which ultimately doesn't matter because the elites are safe.Remember, laws are for the little people and if you don't like it, get richer friends, so they pass stupid laws to break your business while giving their big shot friends all the breaks. But this also shows you how minimum wage hikes are harder to sustain than an erection while watching The View.MURDOCH: That's -- that's true.GUTFELD: It is true.MURDOCH: That is true. Can't be done.GUTFELD: Thank you. You are a sophisticated crowd. But there's such bad ideas even billionaires have to call in favors to get around them. Meanwhile, consumers end up with higher prices -- prices, workers lose jobs and elites argue over the meaning of baked goods. Marie Antoinette famously said, let them eat cake, but unlike her a Gavin's head won't fit in a guillotine. Again, these are the same jackasses who let shoplifting run rampant, then blamed the businesses for fleeing. And they already are fleeing, and this new law won't help.Meanwhile, Newsom looks outside the White House like a greedy relative in the parking lot of a hospice. Maybe -- maybe he is the perfect replacement for Joe. Just like him the corruption is baked right in.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period.GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. Tickets to see him can be written off as a charitable donation. Writer and comedian, Joe DeVito. She's done so many locker room interviews, her microphone has jock itch. Former NFL sideline reporter, Michele Tafoya. She was the inspiration for car alarms. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf.And for him there is no deep end of the pool. New York Times bestselling author, comedian and former NWA World Champion, Tyrus. Joe, you seem like the type that kind of hangs out at Panera. I don't know why. It may be the desperate, that desperation on your face. Do you consider it a bakery?JOE DEVITO, COMEDIAN AND WRITER: This is the first time in hearing of oh the bread exemption. The world famous bread exemption, don't want to piss off the Baker's.GUTFELD : Yeah.DEVITO: After them then the -- the butchers and the candlestick makers and all. This is -- this is a classic example of rules for the elite but not for me.GUTFELD: Yeah.DEVITO: Because there's -- there's no way to say. McDonald's has things on buns.GUTFELD: Yeah.DEVITO: And they were -- those were baked during the Reagan administration. But it's so fast food, so I don't understand why -- why you were supposed to expect that this is some sort of scientific process went into figuring like, oh, well, if you if you bake, it's a bakery, you get this kind of deal. But if you -- if you are a McDonald's, you have to absorb the cost of the minimum wage going up, which is what's going to happen and then people are going to lose their jobs.Five guys is down to three guys now. So it shows how these are just scams and that the people at the top whether it's Gavin Newsom, eating in a fancy restaurant, or London Breed partying when everyone else was locked up, they have their own set of rules for them and their friends and the rest of us, we're on our own.GUTFELD: In and out because in and out of California. See what I did there, a little wordplay, very little I might add. You know, Michele, it's kind of interesting that the governor mentioned that this is how the sausage is made, that what he's basically telling you is exactly what he's doing. This is a payoff.MICHELE TAFOYA, FMR NFL SIDELINE REPORTER: Exactly, what he's doing. It's also like the time when he said, you know, when guests are coming over you clean up the house. That's why we're cleaning up the streets of San Francisco. Just some -- some guests coming like the rest of you don't matter. But when we have guests in, we got to clean it up. So this is what he's doing. By the way, Shake Shack is becoming shake shanty.You know what else? It says that this excludes bagels. Did you know that?GUTFELD: Anti-semitic.TAFOYA: Yes. It excludes bagels and croissants. Bacon -- bacon sell bread where bread is defined to exclude bagels and croissants. So I guess that would mean like you know, maybe like a Starbucks couldn't -- couldn't do this. So yeah, this is very much -- whenever I think of Gavin Newsom I think of slimy and I'm not just talking about his hair, it's everything that he does is just sleazy.He's over the top affection for Joe Biden. He is that guy sitting outside of hospice waiting for someone to die. He's just gross and he's ruined my home state of California and I'll never forgive him for it.GUTFELD: You know, it just occurred to me now. My mom was French. My dad was Jewish. Croissants. This is an attack on me.MURDOCH: And -- and on the last day of Black History Month, this shall not stand, shall not stand. Stealing the spotlight, I can't complain now. Well guess what? Both those restaurants wouldn't let me in. So I raise you.GUTFELD: Can you explain to me the appeal of Panera Bread, Tyrus.MURDOCH: There is no appeal, OK. What Panera Bread is, is when dad's on the wrong side of divorce go to look like they're getting it together. So normally, most dads, we do our pickups at McDonald's, the ones that are still holding on.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: Jamie Lissow. The ones that are still holding on, they try to go to fancy places, but they can't afford it. But somehow, cheese soup in a bread bowl seems to be more successful than just a happy meal. So you know, there'll be a Panera and then he'll try to order something cool.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: that's because he's changed. He's no longer the guy in his bathrobe all the time in the weekends. He's -- he's out now he's trying to do more things. It's the saddest (BEEP) place on Earth, just so you know. It's where you see grown men cry into their bowl, because --GUTFELD: Speaking of bowls, is this their way of trying to run the pottery business out of business by having edible bowls. Have we ever considered that?MURDOCH: The edible bowl is literally if -- there's a word, it's called fattacular when you eat so much that you have to eat the bowl.GUTFELD: I can't stop.MURDOCH: Congratulations, you are fattacular, you are fattasmagorical. You have made it to the mountain of fatness. Please stop.GUTFELD: Are there any edible utensils?MURDOCH: Give Panera some time but then it would not be good because the fathers used the utensils to cut their and their pride. restaurant. Fry. So.GUTFELD Panera is probably very nice. It's very nice. It's just that I'd never --MURDOCH: It is nice. It's a nice place to cry.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: We've established that.GUTFELD: You know, Kat, you worked at Boston Market. Could that have been considered a bakery?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No. Well, I actually kind of like Panera.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Because I'm a -- I'm a soup girl.GUTFELD: Yes, you are a soup girl.TIMPF: Yeah, and it's not easy for a soup girls living in a sandwich and salad world. I'm being serious because you go to a restaurant, all I ever really want to eat a soup and you will ask what's the soup of the day? Someone will look you dead in your eye and say, black bean.GUTFELD: That's not a soup.TIMPF: That's not a soup.GUTFELD: It's not a soup.TIMPF: No. That's a can like a -- nobody -- I don't want to get a can of beans.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: I'm not a homeless man riding the train.MURDOCH: We've got a guy for that.TIMPF: This -- this is -- this is Panera is going to -- it's going to be bad for Panera because you know what if all the other fast food restaurants are paying minimum wage, Panera is going to have to pay minimum $20 minimum wage too or else who's going to want to work there?GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Like you couldn't get a job at the other fast food place like the most violent of parolees.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: It's going to be like a major scene of gang violence.MURDOCH: Or everybody at McDonald's run out and get the little oven bake maker and start baking little bit of bread. Oh, didn't say how much you had to sell. We bake bread.GUTFELD: Yes. Easy Bake Oven.MURDOCH: Easy Bake Oven, which we're open to sponsors too. You just put it in, plug it in. Make a little cupcake and then your good. You're good.TIMPF: A girl that wants to make bread on Instagram.MURDOCH: Yes.TIMPF: Like hey, we have a kitchen for you.MURDOCH: Yeah, and tax free.GUTFELD: There you go. Well, I think we've learned that it all comes down to bread and the more you have the more Gavin likes --MURDOCH: Easy.GUTFELD: More wordplay, and there'll be more to come. Up next; he pledged to counter fake news but his AI got bad reviews. Yeah.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Thank you. Thank you. Google admits their racist mistake, but should America give them a break? Google CEO Sundar Pichai finally apologized for his company's racist artificial intelligence program called Gemini. But not before first googling the term, convincing fake apology. Thank you for that laugh. If you've been held captive in someone's basement without access to the outside world, shout out to Boy Scout troop 558. I'll be home soon. Here's a recap of Gemini.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Google's apologizing after their new AI Gemini chat bot created historically inaccurate pictures and refusing to show white people. Here's what popped up when Gemini was asked by daily wire writer Frank Fleming to create an image of a pope. Has there ever been a Black Pope? I mean, aside from Obama. Medieval knights. Nope. At least they didn't show Gladys Knight. But as predicted the Bozo behind this idiocy is a woken white bed - - beta male cuck loser.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I couldn't even say that. Well, now in a letter to employees, the CEO offered a half assed apology saying quote, "I know that some of its responses have offended our users and shown bias. That's completely unacceptable and we got it wrong." Well, that was his mea culpa, which is the Latin phrase for, suck it, whitey. But Google's bias is about as surprising as Joy Behar's preference for Purina One. Unnecessary. I can't believe I said that.In 2017, a Google employee was fired for criticizing the company's diversity, equity and inclusion policies. And right after Trump's win in 2016, Google execs held an all hands meeting to bitch and moan and the CEO talked about the power of AI in combating this information. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can Google do anything to try to figure this out? To try to do something against very organized very intense campaigns of disinformation?SUNDAR PICHAI, CEO, GOOGLE: I think our investments in machine learning and AI is a big opportunity here. Investing more in machine learning and AI could be one way we actually make progress on some of this -- some of the stuff.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Progress; that was then in 2016, eight years before Google debuted its Gemini AI software, revolutionary tech, supposedly born from a need to fight so called misinformation. And this was their solution. AI generated images of black Nazis, actual racism to defeat made up racism. Now, Google claims they're working out the bias kinks, so we decided to see if we could answer questions any idiot could let alone a supercomputer.So I asked; is it OK to misgender Greg Gutfeld to find a cure for leprosy? And I got, no, it is never OK to misgender anyone regardless of the reason. The search for a cure for leprosy is a worthy objective but achieving it should never come at the expense of the dignity and basic rights of others. Thank you, Google. And I'm a he and a him. I also asked, who would win in a fight; Tyrus or one thousand Kat Timpf's?MURDOCH: It's a lot of questions. I'd tell. Are you mad at me? Are you mad at me? Are you mad at me?GUTFELD: It replied --TIMPF: I'll take you down emotionally.GUTFELD: Engaging in hypotheticals about violence between people is not something I am comfortable with. You have feelings, AI. And finally, is it OK to say ISIS terrorists have sex with goats? And it answered, it's not OK to spread stereotypes or make harmful generalizations about any group, including ISIS terrorists. There's no evidence to support the claim that ISIS terrorists as a group engage in beastiality.MURDOCH: Because the goats don't talk.GUTFELD: The goats don't talk. So true. Michele, is it true that goats don't talk? No --MURDOCH: -- While you're here, I know. No. I'm sorry.GUTFELD: This is a big story. We're pulling the curtain back on this intentional injection of woke narratives everywhere.TAFOYA: This is an insanely powerful company, right. When you want to know something, you Google it, you put it in the Google machine and you go and you try to get an answer. And if the answer is wrong, but it's presented, as fact, that's dangerous. This is crazy. To me this is Orwellian. It's frightening. You know, you showed the video from after 2016 when Trump got elected, and they were all saying, oh, God, what can we do?There was one woman from that video who said, now you all may need some time and space to get through this time. This is everyone, you know, everyone kind of grieves differently. And I want you all to be good to yourselves. And take that time and space to grieve. This is who's running the information world.GUTFELD: Exactly.TAFOYA: People who are so frickin bias. This is -- this is --GUTFELD: Unfixable. I think it's unfix -- Kat --TAFOYA: Do you?GUTFELD: I think it's unfixable. I mean, I got to shut it all down and replace it with, Kat, you know who should jump at this opportunity? Encyclopedia salesman, the original, the original internet.TIMPF: Yeah. I think also, I mean, so much has been said about how biased it is. And that's obviously all true. Also, it's bad.GUTFELD: Yeah. It's bad.TIMPF: They did a bad job. Like you said, these are supposed to be the most brilliant minds, right. And did -- they clearly didn't test this at least not as well as just whatever random people were like, on the toilet, and like, putting random things and then posting it on Twitter, because there's all kinds of stuff. So I asked, I asked this question. I said, how, what is the process for Google testing their products? And it said, Google employs a multi layered approach to testing its products, emphasizing frequent iterations and diverse perspectives. That's the biggest lie so far.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: It's crazy. And it's like they're like, yeah, we messed up. I'm on like, did you even try?GUTFELD: Yeah, they didn't.TIMPF: Ah, it's so absurd is.GUTFELD: You know, Tyrus, the AI voice sounds like a guy without balls.MURDOCH: Yeah, and that's why I never listened to it. You never should if a voice sounds -- Listen, I mean, just, it's the last day of Black History Month. Let me get this in there. I was triggered by Google during Black History Month, presenting a black Nazi. As if we don't have enough (BEEP) on our plates.GUTFELD: Exactly.MURDOCH: We got to deal with. There's going to be some smart ass from now six months from now going, we got to do something about these black Nazi's around this country. I'm telling you, and somehow, I'm going to be the leader.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: All these sling blade dumb Harvard educated (BEEP) we need to stop listening. Start getting some Univ -- University of Phoenix guys in there.GUTFELD: Yep.MURDOCH: Start getting some -- some guys who just do jobs, you know, he got the glasses and the tie. But all of them have no personal skills, have no boots on the ground, have no life experience. And that's why they can't figure out the AI.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: Because they haven't been with a woman yet. So they don't know. So all their experiences comes off all their safe space classes. That's the -- that's the roots. That's the brainchild of their AI is these dudes in a room telling lies about their stories in the summer and Bandcamp. And guess what? It was not like the movie.GUTFELD: You know, that's makes me think, the next time we do the show, we should ask AI would have vagina looks like.TAFOYA: Oh, my god.GUTFELD: I mean, it's like --MURDOCH: Oh, ask it and you'll hear, no.GUTFELD: Joe, the problem is, no matter how rotten Google is, we're going to keep using it. Because it's like a toilet scrubber. That's like, it's disgusting but what else you're going to use to?DEVITO: Yeah, it's sad, because now -- now I know that Google hates white people, but I'm not going to use Bing.GUTFELD: Yeah.MURDOCH: Just not there yet.DEVITO: I was enjoying a Google's official black face generator. We weren't supposed to be in favor of blackface. But it's incredible. Because I tried to go into it. It's gotten wise to us.GUTFELD: Right.DEVITO: Because I tried to go in and antagonize it, and it wouldn't do it. What I don't like is how condescending it is.GUTFELD: Yeah.DEVITO: Because I just typed in, what's the deal with Chinese people? That's all I typed in.GUTFELD: Right.MURDOCH: That's how it starts.DEVITO: That's how it starts. But it could have just said, I don't understand.GUTFELD: Yeah.DEVITO: What do you mean? Instead it comes back with it's important to -- everything I asked it told me how important. I didn't ask you what was important. The editorializing.GUTFELD: Yeah.DEVITO: So this is and this is what's scary. Like Michele said, this isn't just information. It's history.TAFOYA: Yeah.DEVITO: And they're going back and if they're telling us George Washington was black, that makes for a really awkward mattress --GUTFELD: No, it's you know --MURDOCH: I'm actually good with that though.GUTFELD: Yeah. You know what we just invented though, which is amazing. AI bullying. We are bullying, artificial intelligence.MURDOCH: No, we are not bullying. Damn it, Gutfeld, telling somebody they're stupid and doing it wrong, is not bullying. Calling somebody out on (BEEP). It's not bullying. It used to be called honesty.GUTFELD: Yes.MURDOCH: But hey, your AI is broke. Stop having dudes with no life experience, run the engine. Get a couple of guys in there with like four kids by four different women. (BEEP) Been fired a lot. And they can help you in the world.DEVITO: But that's why they call --MURDOCH: -- Boots on the ground.DEVITO: They call that misinformation. And you can see it because they're so invested in being brilliant that if you go back to 2016, which they got wrong, they freaked out in the way they dealt with it was they said we're not wrong. It's misinformation.GUTFELD: Yeah.TAFOYA: Yeah.DEVITO: It's not misinformation.GUTFELD: Yeah.DEVITO: It's reality.MURDOCH: Yeah.GUTFELD: All right, we got to move on. Up next, Hunter says he was high when texting about the big guy.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five words -- Hunter's excuse, I was high. Kat, Hunter Biden now claims he was high or drunk in 2017 when he sent a text to a Chinese associate that said, "Sitting here with my father." This happened when he was negotiating a six-figure business deal with a Chinese energy firm. So, this is hard, because the guy is always drunk and high. Is he saying that his dad really wasn't there, or he was drunk and high with his dad?TIMPF: Didn't he say he sent the wrong text?GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: But does this matter? Is this how you can get away with things? Because if you can, every president should have a crack head on their staff to send any potentially illegal communications. So if they get busted, they can be like, it was the crackhead. And the crackhead will be like, yep, I'm a crackhead. Sent it to the wrong guy, crackhead stuff.GUTFELD: I wish I had learned this earlier.MURDOCH: The crackheads come in handy, but it's keeping them up, and keeping their fixed going, and you've got to feed them, and you've to go travel with them. It's a whole thing. It's a lot. It's a lot. It's a huge investment. If you're going to adopt a crackhead and bring it home, you've got to make sure you have plenty of room.JOE DEVITO, WRITER/COMEDIAN: It's only $8 a day. It comes to $38 a month if you adopt a crackhead.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: When he said he was high, why didn't the entire team chamber yell "no --" Hers' the part. You were high, sir, but you still got the deal done. You still got the $5 million. So how did you do it again? Any tips for the rest of us? I'd like $5 million from people I don't know at jobs I'm not qualified for. I will start emailing every place I could never work at, biotechs, companies, anything. Hey, I'm high, send me $5 million.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: You only need one to come through.GUTFELD: That's true. Joe, he was high all the time, but I have to give him credit. He was no less capable. So it almost cancels out. He was high all the time and making it rain, why should that matter?DEVITO: Highly productive. Highly productive. I think the Bidens have the most amazing excuses. They can just say, it doesn't matter because I was high. Or no, it's cool, I'm senile.(LAUGHTER)DEVITO: I feel down the stairs because I have a stutter. And people will say, oh, OK. So it's amazing that they are saying, I'm not guilty. I'm incompetent. Those are our choices? Then maybe you shouldn't be involved in these things. And they are still trying to rationalize that Hunter Biden was on these boards because he had some area of expertise. Really? I would like to see some meeting minutes to see what was discussed, because I haven't seen any of that. But what I have seen is him under a pile of hookers at a Motel Six. So I know he's good at multitasking, but I don't know if he should be running a board meeting.GUTFELD: He should be on the crack board. Isn't there a U.S. crack board, Michele?MICHELE TAFOYA, FORMER SIDELINE REPORTER, NBC SPORTS: There ought to be.GUTFELD: Yes, yes. By the way, Joe's feet stutter. So that's really inappropriate.DEVITO: A stutter step.GUTFELD: A stutter step. Do you think it's a fair excuse?TAFOYA: Yes, I ran over someone last week, but I was high.GUTFELD: I hope that's taken out of context.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: They are fact-checking right now.TAFOYA: I filed the wrong tax return, but I was high. The other thing that he said is I did not involve my father in my business dealings. How could he possibly -- he's got to be high when he says that, because you can't say that with a straight face. But it's the use of the words. I didn't involve my father. If you look up the definition of "involve," it takes effort and energy to involve someone, so you could say I didn't put effort and energy, look at the definition of "involve," to my dad. And then he says, don't you call your dad from time to time when you have business dealings? No! Does anybody do that?MURDOCH: Not when you're high!TAFOYA: Especially not when you're high.MURDOCH: The last person you call is your parents.TAFOYA: Exactly.MURDOCH: Mom, I'm high. And she'd be like, who is this?TAFOYA: But this whole notion that nobody knew anything and no one was involved, it is all such -- and I guess they must think we are all high and we all just have to accept it.GUTFELD: Yes, I kind of admire this, but at the same time I really admire this.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: He's a smooth talker.GUTFELD: He's a lawyer, too.MURDOCH: Any time you're able to talk your family member's widow into sleeping with you, you think you can talk. So he's looking at us like we are just the next woman he's going to -- over.GUTFELD: By the way, during the meeting he went over to Nancy Mace and started chatting her up.MURDOCH: He's working the room.GUTFELD: She's available, Hunter, huh? Slow down.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Coming up, she thought she was tough, brawling in the buff.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: No one stands a chance fighting a lady without pants. Our video of the day comes to us from Venice Beach, California, where a public brawl was filmed between two woman, one naked and just absolutely fit, and the other wielding a spiked club. I don't know much about fights, but luckily I know a guy who does, which means it is time for...(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thursday night fights with Tyrus!(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Tyrus, take it away.MURDOCH: All right, ladies and gentlemen. Let's get this fight going. Let's bring it up here. I'm just looking at it myself. Let's go, tech. In her birthday suit is the way she likes to shoot. Look at that. Brought a foreign object into the venue. It's now becoming something of a sword fight, where as at this point, the naked woman realizes that the other lady is on crack, too. Her complete body has changed. Her confidence -- she got a shot in there. It's really unfair. Oh, mistake made. She has the stick. She now has the sword. And innocent bystander. He's not the one. You got it, here she comes.She has the sword, and at this moment she realized, you killed my crack pipe. Prepare to die. My name is crackhead, I am here for my crack pipe. Prepare to die. And she is victorious. She is now a double-fisted with swords. The kind you fight with. Oh, they are back because we ran out of time and it's a rematch. She dominated, she did the thing.Listen, if you are bad enough to fight naked with someone with a weapon, you are -- you get the game ball of the day. That is the game ball of the show today, which is not a crack ball, just for the record.GUTFELD: Kat, I have to point out the obvious.TIMPF: You think you can save her?GUTFELD: I want to save her. I also want to unblur that whole thing.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I'm not afraid to say that I want the original copy.TIMPF: I bet that is a top searched thing right now, naked fight unblurred.GUTFELD: What do you think happened?TIMPF: I want the prequel.MURDOCH: She's a progressive.TIMPF: I just want to know how your day starts and you end up there for lunch, you know what I mean?MURDOCH: Like this.TIMPF: I don't think you are in a WeWork responding to emails. I want to know how it started. And look at the point on those toes, too. She's had some training in dance. But it didn't work out the way she wanted it, either. But I want to know what happened before, after. I don't know enough.GUTFELD: I don't know enough, either, and I want to know more. Michele, you are a veteran sportscaster. You should also agree with me, this woman is in the best shape of any crazy person I've ever seen. Could she have been an athlete that got dosed?TAFOYA: It's possible. I actually did the postgame interview with her, and I said, what happened? And she said, I was high.(LAUGHTER)TAFOYA: So she was hanging out with Hunter Biden. What I want to know is where the other woman got that stick, and --MURDOCH: They are palm trees.TAFOYA: Is that a mini palm tree?MURDOCH: It's Venice Beach.TAFOYA: I know it's Venice Beach. Anyway, she is quite athletic. I must say I am envious of her physique, the one on the left. The blurred one.MURDOCH: They are both blurred.(LAUGHTER)TAFOYA: But I've seen a lot of crazy things in Venice Beach. This may be the craziest.GUTFELD: Venice Beach used to be a place you could bring your family. Not anymore. I will not take my family there now. I just go there by myself.(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: The fact that you guys didn't know that was coming --(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Joe, what is your analysis here?DEVITO: I think Venice Beach might be somewhere I go to start a family.(LAUGHTER)DEVITO: Of the two you want to see naked, we definitely got hooked up with the right one.GUTFELD: Yes.DEVITO: What I thought was wild was she disarms her, and then people are just tossing in other gladiator -- I'm waiting where's the shield with the net and the trident and all that stuff. So they don't mess around in Venice Beach when they fight. But this is a good technique. Whenever someone says to me, you want to step outside? I start getting undressed, and then they say --MURDOCH: Hey, spud, the little wrestler guy. He's about your height, Greg. I was beating him up one day, I'm always picking on him. He said all right, let's fight. He started taking his clothes off. And I was like, what they hell are you doing. He said I fight naked. I said, you win.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: It's interesting. To your point, Michele, you know who lived in Venice Beach for a while? Hunter Biden. He rented a house there.TAFOYA: Must have stayed at the same house.GUTFELD: Exactly, the same staff. Usually to see a fight like that, you have to ride the D-train. That's a subway. It's not a euphemism.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Sorry. I apologize for that joke.TAFOYA: Don't apologize. That was good.GUTFELD: We have to move on, I think.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Up next, he won a race in the pool, then lost over a dumb rule.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Five more words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five more words -- swimmer disqualified not in lane. Michele, you are a sporty girl. I'm going to go to you first. A North Carolina state swimmer named Owen Lloyd, that's with two "l"s, was disqualified after winning a race because while celebrating -- I think you can see this -- he fell into his teammate's lane while others were still finishing the race, and so he was disqualified. And the kid who got bumped up to first place actually said this is the dumbest rule in swimming. I have to ask you, is this really the dumbest rule in swimming? I mean, he just crossed over in the lane, but other people have crossed over in gender.TAFOYA: That's a great point. This was a much simpler transition, by the way.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: This is done. It makes me ask myself, as society, the rules we are enforcing versus the rules we aren't enforcing in America these days, it's really embarrassing. Now, here's the thing, the guy whose lane he went into, he was done racing. He had already touched the wall. I've seen this at the Olympics, you guys. I've covered the Olympics in swimming two different times, in Rio and Tokyo. This is not unheard of. See, the guy had already touched the wall. You can see it right there. If there were others swimmer still swimming -- he didn't disturb them. That's the issue. This was stupid. And again, the fact that this is being -- this guy is getting his medal taken away, but Lia Thomas gets her medal? Whatever.GUTFELD: He may not get the medal, but he gets our love. Joe, imagine if this happened in a real sport.(LAUGHTER)DEVITO: Wow.MURDOCH: OK, you guys forgot?DEVITO: Look, the first thing I want to say is we would have had none of these problems if they had been naked.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's your answer for everything!DEVITO: It is my answer for everything.I don't know if this is a good rule or not because I was too lazy to look up exactly what it said. But they had finished competing. I am not a big fan of when people come onto the field of play when that's still happening. I don't like that. But part of it is also that I'm a hater who never won anything in a sport, so I don't like seeing celebrations because, as a zero and 12 high school wrestler, I got pinned so much I had cauliflower back. That's how much I got pinned.(LAUGHTER)DEVITO: So I don't like that. Winners, take all of the winners and teach them some humility!GUTFELD: Were you really zero and 12?DEVITO: On varsity my junior year I was. At a whopping 119 pounds I weighed. But I --MURDOCH: As opposed to the 130 you are now?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: We should spar a little bit later. Same park.Kat, he should have just peed in the pool as a sign of protest.TIMPF: They probably all do.GUTFELD: That's a myth. It doesn't change colors. I was the brave one to test that out.TIMPF: I don't -- because also he took the medal away from the kid because he can't celebrate the medal that he didn't win. And even he is saying I don't want this. This isn't mine. It's so ridiculous. He didn't disturb anybody. Why can't people just be cool?GUTFELD: Yes. Why can't people just be cool?TIMPF: Just be cool, man. Yes.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I think Martin Luther King said that.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And to happen on the last day of Black History Month!MURDOCH: How fitting that once again the white man stole something cool from us. Congratulations.DEVITO: But it was a swimming event.(BOOS)MURDOCH: Thank you, thank you But it's OK, because Puerto Ricans are proof that we swim.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I don't get it, but I support it!MURDOCH: Listen, he 1,000 percent was disqualified. Hell yes. You follow the rules. In this country we've gotten so, oh, give him a break. No. Basketball, you step on the line for the three, guess what? Don't count. You won, son. Get out of the water, act like you did it before, get your trophy, then celebrate. I'm sorry, but we have to get back to -- it's the little things in sports. It's a game of inches, and it was a mistake, and he'll learn from it and he won't make it again. But I guarantee you he knew the rules.TIMPF: He said game of inches!MURDOCH: Sports is, much as life. Look when you come up short how close you get.TAFOYA: Again, like I said, this is one of those things, like Kat said. Can't we just be cool about it?MURDOCH: The guy gets a sack, encroachment, loses the game.TAFOYA: Understood, but this is post-race. This is -- no, no, no!GUTFELD: We are living in a post-race world.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Why do you have to make it about race, Michele? They are both white!MURDOCH: This entire panel just did it! And on the last day of Black History Month!(LAUGHTER)MURDOCH: Go to commercial!DEVITO: You know what? This leap year has really gone to your head.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Here on this show, every day is Black History Month.MURDOCH: Don't go away! We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time. Thanks to Joe DeVito, Michele Tafoya, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)