BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. It's been a busy week. It's only halfway done. The Ingraham Angle is next.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. China and the TikTok addicts. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.I wonder what the leaders of the Chinese Communist Party think about the TikTok debate in the United States. After brilliantly deploying a propaganda and spying operation inside the U.S., they must be pleasantly surprised to see bipartisan support to help them protect it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ROBERT GARCIA (D-CA): Yes, just like every other social media platform, there is misinformation and privacy concerns, it's important that we don't treat TikTok differently than other platforms. If we're going to address this issue, we've got to take the same approach to all social media platforms, we can't just single out one.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: We most certainly can and should. When our national security and our election integrity is at stake, we must act to protect our country. Now for decades, we've been trying to prevent the transfer of sensitive U.S. technology to our adversaries in China and Iran, North Korea, Russia and so on. And it's so bad with China that all G7 foreign ministers pledged to actions to counter China's use of economic coercion to extract sensitive technology to grow its own military.Essentially what happens is, China says if you want access to our capital markets, you need to give us access to your data. And with TikTok owned by the CCP linked ByteDance, they don't even have to ask. They just take.Now the House bill that passed today by a vote of 352 to 65. Wow. It will force TikTok to divest itself from ByteDance for all the obvious reasons. Now pro-TikTok congressmen knowing that they're effectively helping the CCP ignore the truth that it's not even a ban.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ERIC SWALWELL (D-CA): I don't like bans on speech, John, and, you know, look, I don't like the Republican book bans. I don't like the bans on bodies that Republicans have put in place across the country.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Bans on bodies, OK, what a moron. But at least the company owned by the CCP agrees with Swalwell. This process was secret, and the bill was jammed through for one reason. It's a ban. We are hopeful that the Senate will consider the facts, listen to their constituents and realize the impact on the economy, 7 million small businesses and 170 million Americans who use our service, as if China that unleashed the COVID virus on the United States and persecutes its dissidents cares about helping American small businesses. Give me a break and I'm wearing red tonight.All ByteDance needs to do a spin off TikTok, but it refuses. Why? Well, we know why. Of course, China doesn't allow the American version of TikTok to operate over there. What would happen if a U.S. affiliated company tried to set up a pro-U.S. propaganda stream in Beijing? Pray tell.But what about the argument that Congress would be in violation of the First Amendment if they proceed it?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): The bill does not violate the First Amendment. It focuses on conduct, not content. It requires both being controlled by a foreign adversary and conduct that itself is espionage. We've taken action at the carrier level prohibiting China Mobile and China Telecom from connecting to our networks, based on a determination they are controlled by the CCP and a national security threat.We now need to take action at the application level when malign CCP control has been demonstrated less we render meaningless our past actions to protect the United States of America.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Here, here, I was standing up and cheering him at that. The arguments against it got more, let's say creative, I would say as the House debate wore on.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): If we wanted to be serious about stopping China, we would stop China from buying our U.S. farmland. We would -- we would raise up our American energy independence. And if we cared about American's data, then we would stop the sale of American's data universally, not just with China.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, farmland, I'm losing that caboose of thought there. God bless her. Why is it so hard for some to grasp that China is a unique threat to the United States? Because we don't stop all commerce with China. We can't even do this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE GALLAGHER (R-WI): We had millions of kids calling Congress in some cases threatening suicide and another case impersonating a congressman's son. This was a preview of what could happen if the CCP wanted to use the app to prevent Congress from acting say on a debate over authorizing force to defend Taiwan or removing China's permanent normal trade relations status.The possibility for dangerous propaganda is too immense to allow one of our foremost adversaries to have this control over what is increasingly becoming the dominant news platform.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Bingo, I wish he weren't retiring. Meanwhile, the Biden campaign is putting out TikTok videos making fun of Speaker Johnson.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Side eye. Side eye.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK. Well, TikTok is making some interesting bedfellows along the way for the first time perhaps ever. The squad is on the same side as Donald Trump, who himself is skeptical of a congressional action.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: There are a lot of people on TikTok that love it. There are a lot of young kids on TikTok who will go crazy without it. Without TikTok, you can make Facebook bigger, and I consider Facebook to be an enemy of the people.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, I understand what he's saying. But does President Trump really think that TikTok in the end is going to be fair to him? That China wants Trump back in the White House? Well, wild if so, but it really is beside the point. It's a national security imperative. But look when you become addicted to something, if addicted to TikTok, that's the last thing on your mind. Like duh.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I just don't buy into like the whole conspiracy idea that we're like being spied on by like big governments. A lot of conservatives are always talking about free speech. And now, there's this major channel that allows people to express themselves freely, yet they want to take it away.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you think that the Chinese Communist Party is spying on Americans through it?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't think so. Yes, I don't think they are.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would hope not. If so, I don't know how much valuable information they're going to get from it.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't know how much of a security threat that is just because I feel like the majority of TikTok users are going to be like, of my demographic, just going on having like fun and (inaudible).(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And blank. The app works perfectly. You almost can't blame the kids, right? Critical thinking has taken a hit overtime. And look, celebrities love it. They're kind of fun. Biden uses it. You know, it's fun to laugh at. Trump's defending it. And the fact that TikTok is fun overrides everything else.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I use TikTok like all day, like all time. I am addicted to TikTok. And like I feel like even when I'm not using it, I'm talking about what I saw on TikTok. But I really like it for -- it's funny, and it's good to like discover new songs and music. And I also really like it because I am like big into fashion and TikTok like, I get so many different ideas and like I like posting my outfits and like seeing other people's outfits. So, I love TikTok.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, enough said. The CCP knew exactly what it was doing when its tech brainiac set up the platform and planted it in the United States. The cooking videos, celebrity gossip, health tips, comedy sketches, were a genius way to draw us all in. But that's not what China cares about. They want their system to dominate ours. And this is one key weapon in the information wars deployed through software tweaking whenever they see fit. That's the algorithm.This is why China's ByteDance is spending so heavily on lobbying. Check out the most recent data we could find from opensecrets.org. Since it started lobbying in 2019, ByteDance spent a stunning -- spent a stunning $17.7 million on lobbying. Lord knows how much they've spent this year. But they've hired some familiar faces to stop this TikTok bill from passing the Senate.So, will Senate Republicans go the way of Swalwell, Ilhan Omar, and the CCP? Or will they vote for what is pragmatic here, to keep the app as long as it cuts the pipeline back to the CCP. Seems common sense to me. And that's the Angle.Joining me now is the FCC Commissioner, Brendan Carr, who for years has been warning about the dangers of TikTok. Brendan, you took aim at the theory that this bill applies to all social media platforms. Explain this.BRENDAN CARR, COMMISSIONER, FCC: Look, there's a lot of concern particularly on the right, whenever Congress does something these days that can be weaponized against them because we've been living that for so long. My job as a Republican on the FCC is to sound the alarm on anything that can be used for weaponization, not only does this bill not give that authority to the president, it doesn't rely on that alone.There are five layers of constraints that have been put in here. One, it cannot be used against any individual. Two, it only applies to entities that are controlled by a foreign adversary government which is just China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Three, it's not enough that you're controlled by a foreign adversary. Maybe it should be. You also have to separately have a finding of national security. And then there's additional process beyond that. And the remedy again, it is not a unilateral ban. It is a divestment. So, this is a very targeted bill, smart legislation.INGRAHAM: So, it's not like you can just hop right to, we're going to censor conservatives. That's not how the system was ever set up. But you understand why conservatives think, wait a second, especially after what was done to Donald Trump in the last election, we saw the weaponization of social media platforms. And I would say the collusion of some of these social media CEOs against Republicans in general. So, I get it.CARR: Yes, you're absolutely right. And look, there's a lot of work we have to do still with Big Tech. We need to reform Section 230, as President Trump has called for it. We need to prevent the discrimination against conservatives, but you can't do any of that with an entity that is beholden to the CCP.Look, TikTok said to us for a long time, no U.S. user data goes back to China. Turns out --INGRAHAM: That's a lie.CARR: -- I think the material shows everything is seen in China. They told us, don't worry, we're not actually spying on Americans. They now admitted, yes, they were spying on Americans. They then told us, three, don't worry, you caught us. We're going to be better. This time. We're walling off China from this data, that was a lie. China still had access.INGRAHAM: Just in, the TikTok CEO has responded to what went down today. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SHOU CHEW, CEO, TIKTOK: This legislation, if signed into law will lead to a ban of TikTok in the United States. Even the bill sponsors admit that that's their goal. This bill gives more power to a handful of other social media companies. It will also take billions of dollars out of the pockets of creators and small businesses, it will put more than 300,000 American jobs at risk, and it will take away your TikTok. We know how important TikTok is to all of you.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Is it just me are the creepy TikTok edits getting to you. I'm sorry, but I bet that jump cut like weird thing they do. It all feels like we're in a hostage video with them. But look, he's really slick. He was stood the slings and arrows on Capitol Hill and he just -- he's programmed, man, he's right out of central casting.CARR: Look, you're right. Today was the day that TikTok spent millions of dollars --INGRAHAM: How much are they spending? Do you have any idea? That's the most recent data we could get which is last years.CARR: The 17 there, they paid many, many lobbyists to avoid today, which was an overwhelming bipartisan vote in favor of making --INGRAHAM: How does the Senate not affirm what the House has done here. I know this has a different role than the House, I get it, the passions, cooling saucer of the Senate and all that. But with -- we have so little that Congress agrees on. This is not a ban. How do you -- how do people do not see this at this point?CARR: I think the odds are very good. Actually, you look back, Senator Schumer and Senator Cotton were on the same letter in 2019, raising concerns with TikTok. So, I think the odds were actually very good in the Senate. In fact, Republicans and Democrats in the Senate are already speaking up in favor of the House bill. That's really good to see.INGRAHAM: This is fantastic news. And I was on this with Mike Pompeo in 2019. He's the first two to say it on our show. Delete the app from your phone. Don't just delete TikTok. Then maybe throw your phone away. That's what he said. Commissioner Carr, great to see you.CARR: Good to see you.INGRAHAM: A voice crying in the wilderness over there on the FCC. All right, last week I made a prediction about Joe Biden and guess what, just came true. I'm going to explain it next. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: They gave Old Yeller rave reviews.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The State of the Union on steroids. Biden goes for the jugular.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He had Frazier's left hook. This was a tour de force by Joe Biden.JOY BEHAR, CO-HOST, THE VIEW: I thought he was fabulous.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: President hit it out of the park. I mean, he was brilliant.MITCH LANDRIEU, NATIONAL CO-CHAIR OF THE BIDEN CAMPAIGN: The issue of fitness last night for Joe Biden got put to rest.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Tell us, Mitch, but not only did Biden get no post State of the Union bump. 538 has met (ph) a pathetic 37.4 percent, the lowest point of his entire presidency and the approval column. If only someone could have predicted this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: We'll see soon when real polling comes out. But in the long-term, I don't think this speech helped him at all.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Mollie Hemingway, Editor-in-Chief of The Federalist and Byron York, Chief Political Correspondent for The Washington Examiner, both Fox News Contributors. Mollie, who ever thought that sending Biden out there to yell would be a good strategy, he should be fired. But then again, no one's ever fired in this administration.MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, no one ever is held responsible. But what I'm so glad you showed these people praising that speech. That's what everybody was doing in print and other media. And it didn't take any particular excellent punditry to see that this was an unbelievably bad State of the Union speech, one of the worst that anyone had ever seen. So divisive, so angry, so mean toward people.So, if you were going to have to have him, they did have a difficult job, they did have to have him out there and have him perform for a while. Even if he just given an eloquent speech that talked in hopeful ways that would have helped him more than this bizarre speech he gave.INGRAHAM: Yes, Byron, they want to double down on failure. They refuse to change policies; Mollie and I've talked about this so many times and as you have. So, instead they replace that with anger and divisiveness. And a sense of resentment ran through that speech, which I think that just doesn't go over well with people who feel like they've been hammered over the last three years.BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You know, there were some Republicans who were in the room that night saying, we wish the White House would have given us just something where we could stand up and agree and look like everybody is all bipartisan and everything and Biden didn't give them absolutely anything.But I do think that bigger explanation for his demeanor is this they believe that by yelling, he would seem younger, he wouldn't seem quite as old. And it didn't work. And what you pointed out is absolutely correct. When a speech like this happens, not that many people watch it in terms of the 336 million --INGRAHAM: Yes, small, small number.YORK: Americans. It takes a week or so for them to read about it, talk to people about it. And now you see, it didn't do any good.INGRAHAM: Mollie, a trusted source today told me that despite what looks like some decent movement over at the RNC and a bit of a staff shake up there, there is still not really much in the way of preparation to get mail in ballots returned, registering people to vote, and an overall legal strategy for election time, given what may happen.HEMINGWAY: Well, these are different things. legal strategy is actually different than the mail, mail in ballot strategy. And not all of it can be done through the RNC. But if people are waiting on the RNC to be doing now is way too late --INGRAHAM: Where is it being done?HEMINGWAY: -- to begin that effort. Well, the Democrats have always done a very good job of having outside groups do a lot of this --INGRAHAM: Where are the Republicans doing it?HEMINGWAY: -- Republicans have some outside groups who have begun working on it, but they should be doing much more. So anytime you had a primary election or a midterm election, they should have been testing. What works best in terms of getting those mail in ballots harvested. How do they get people onto the permanent absentee lists in Pennsylvania or in other places where you need to start getting the numbers to be able to narrow the gap between what Democrats have done for decades in securing some of these voters and getting them brought into the mail in ballot process versus what Republicans.INGRAHAM: I mean, I know President Trump has a lot of skepticism about mail in ballots, but they're here to stay in Democrat run jurisdictions. They are -- they are a fact. So, to win in those jurisdictions, you've got to be in the places where people are who can't get to the polls, perhaps.YORK: Yes.INGRAHAM: Rest homes, other areas, Democrats will make sure that every person in a retirement home is voting Democrat, every single person.YORK: I mean, the motto has to be if it's legal, do it. I mean, I think the President, President Trump actually maybe did too good a job back in the 2020 election and the 2022 election in emphasizing Election Day voting. I mean, he made the idea he --INGRAHAM: Bank the votes. He's got to the bank votes early now.YORK: -- and what had happened was in the 2020 election was that when Trump was talking about a big red wave on Election Day, Democrats had banked millions of votes --INGRAHAM: Yes.YORK: -- every single day for three weeks --INGRAHAM: Just enough.YORK: -- leading up to the election.INGRAHAM: Yes. Now, Mollie, if we look at the polling from some of these key states, it shows that Trump is up four points in Michigan, up one in Wisconsin, lot of redistricting there. Six points in Arizona. Wow. And in Pennsylvania, Biden holds a less than 1 percent lead there, which I think is actually good news in Pennsylvania. If, if, if, but again, it's like, it's not how much money you make. It's how much money you take home. Right. It's not how much what you have in the polls, it's how many people vote?HEMINGWAY: Yes, polling is a great indication of where the American people actually are. Election Day -- election votes are about these ballot operations. And so, you can't bank just on having really good poll numbers.Now, I do think we should point out these poll numbers are dramatically better than they were in 2020 --INGRAHAM: Oh, stunning.HEMINGWAY: -- I mean, I remember that, very last Washington Post poll in Wisconsin said that Biden was going to win by 17 points. He won by 1 point. So, when you're seeing polls, with Trump being up in Wisconsin, that is significant, but there's a long way to go. And nobody should be counting anything. They should be working and working really hard on the legal efforts, particularly in Wisconsin, where you have a lot of Democrat lawfare being used to make that election less stable.INGRAHAM: Well, Byron, do you think at this point, given what you know, and all the reporting you've done, that the Republicans have learned some lessons from the last election?YORK: I think they have. First of all, Donald Trump is doing better on this day --INGRAHAM: I'm talking about the machinery of politics, not -- he's doing fantastic.YORK: Well, there were a number of Republicans who did see that they, you know, they got their clocks cleaned and in a number of races, going back and after the 2018 midterms, it was a member of the House from California who said, harvesting is legal. We got to do it --INGRAHAM: Do it.YORK: -- and so I think that they have finally gotten this lesson.INGRAHAM: All right, great to see both of you, Mollie and Byron. Thanks so much. All right, Haiti has devolved into chaos after violent gangs took over. So, what's Biden doing? Well, turns out, your wallet might be a little lighter after they figure it out. Congressman Chip Roy and former Acting Trump DHS Chief, Chad Wolf is here on what next this all means for the United States.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Tonight, gangs are running the troubled island country of Haiti. The prime minister there stepped down, and inmates are literally running the asylum there. Police stations, government buildings all overrun, and the prison doors flung open. And looting, of course, is rampant.Law-abiding Haitians are desperate. Worse, these gangs, though, have freed thousands of inmates from some of the worst prisons in the country, and then police stations and government buildings at the same time have been ransacked. A thug named Barbecue is said to be in charge of the chaos there. He pledged, according to reports, that he was prepared to make an alliance with the devil to stay in power.So, America spent billions over the years to prop up Haiti after natural disasters and coups and failed coups, all for naught. And now, Secretary of State Antony Blinken, with all of his success, said that we will be giving $30 million in humanitarian assistance to Haiti. Is it going to go to Barbecue? Tax dollars to Barbecue. OK.And we just learned this week that we are sending Marines to protect the embassy there and to evacuate personnel. We count it. This marks the sixth embassy that the United States has been forced to evacuate under the promised steady, calm leadership of Joe Biden.And speaking of Haiti, Todd Bensman of the Center for Immigration Studies reported that from October 22 to December of 2023, Biden's CBP granted flight authorizations to more than 320,000 immigrants using the CBP One app while they were abroad, 133,000 of these were Haitians. Twenty-three Republican lawmakers asked the Biden administration to terminate the program and demanded to know where these newcomers, that's what they're called now, newcomers, were sent.The Biden administration won't say because the information they claim could be exploited by bad actors. That's you, by the way. The taxpayers are bad actors. We also reached out to DHS for further clarity. No response from them yet.Joining us now, Texas Congressman Chip Roy. And Chad Wolf, former acting DHS secretary under President Trump. Congressman, do you get the sense that the Biden administration is preparing to bring in hundreds of thousands of Haitians into the United States?ROY: Well, good evening, Laura. Yeah. I mean, there's no question about it. You just mentioned it. We had 133,000, I think, Haitians. But what the American people don't, I think, fully understand is the extent to which radical progressive Democrats led by Biden, led by Alejandro Mayorkas, are releasing large numbers of people into the United States purposely, right, in total violation of the law, right?They're using parole. They're using asylum to mass release. I think the number now is somewhere around four and a half million people. And now you're seeing this 133,000 from Haiti, where you've got now roving gangs running around the island, engaging in cannibalistic activity.INGRAHAM: But these are all law-abiding people coming into the country, I'm sure.ROY: And this is the joke, right? You got Democrats will go to the floor, like Jim McGovern, and he'll go down there and he'll say, Republicans own this now. Why? Because they put their fake bill over in the Senate. The fact is, this president, these radical progressive Democrats, they want to remake this country. We have 50 million foreign-born. They want to dump a whole lot of folks in this country.You want to know what Venezuela's crime is going down? Because the criminals are now here.INGRAHAM: Yeah, we're the best thing that ever happened to Venezuela. Chad, what's the potential danger here for this country?CHAD WOLF, FORMER ACTING DHS SECRETARY: Well, I think the danger is allowing all these individuals to come in that aren't vetted. You don't know who they are, right? And so, if you're paroling upwards to 300,000 folks --INGRAHAM: That means releasing into the country, people who don't know their immigration lingo.WOLF: Yeah. See, parole, you release them into American, or either asylum, you release them into American communities. Either way, you're releasing hundreds of thousands and millions of folks into American communities, and you don't -- they're not properly vetted. You don't know who they are.And so, whether they're public safety threats, like we saw, obviously, with Laken Riley, or they're national security threats, you have an issue here. And we can't continue to sustain these types of numbers and really understand who they are.INGRAHAM: It's an invasion of America. I mean, people are like, well, you can't say that. Why? It is an invasion of America. That's greenlit by this administration.Congressman, a Biden Pentagon official testified about the coming migrant crisis from Haiti yesterday. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We have not yet seen large numbers, what we would characterize as a maritime mass migration. We are alert to that possibility. I think you're right that the driving conditions in Haiti could very well press more people.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Hundreds of thousands of people. I mean, that's why -- she might as well just have a banner. Hundreds of thousands are coming.ROY: Yeah, and this is exactly right.INGRAHAM: Not reassuring.ROY: Governor Abbott in Texas has been responding to this invasion by putting up wire. Obviously, this administration is trying to fight him on it. Governor DeSantis today activated another 250 of their law enforcement personnel, their National Guard to go deal with what they're going to deal with now because of Haitian boats coming there. We intercepted, I think, 24 just yesterday.INGRAHAM: And Chad just said that you can, unlike when at the border, where they can just come in. What can happen when you try to come in on a maritime --WOLF: Yeah. Coast Guard can turn you around, so they can intercept on the sea and they can return them back to Haiti.INGRAHAM: Do you think that this Coast Guard under Biden will do that?WOLF: Well, that is the law. I mean, that is how they operate.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: That doesn't matter one bit.WOLF: That is how they're supposed to operate. We've seen them do it over the last couple of years. Now, it's different if you have a mass migration, right? If you're talking about hundreds and thousands of boats, that's a different issue.INGRAHAM: Now, the three of us have been on this immigration issue, you in official capacity, but Congressman Roy and I for decades on what's happened on immigration. Do you think in many ways this will eclipse even the economic nightmare that Biden has created?For the regular person out there, who feels like they can't get a break, but all these people are being waived in and they get to go to public schools, health care, like, all the rest of the thing. Not that it's perfect when they come here, but they do get a lot of benefits. Do you think that's almost going to eclipse the economy in some ways?ROY: I think all the polling indicates that right now nationwide. I can tell you, anecdotally, in Texas that's a certainty. I can also tell you that we have Democrat colleagues who will whisper to us, hey, you know, Laken Riley is now becoming essentially George Floyd towards us. They're feeling it.I know they're feeling it in Georgia because, frankly, they saw what happened. Because -- let's be very clear here, directly as a result of the mass releases of individuals through El Paso, through parole, violating the law, this individual was released into this country, went to New York, went to Georgia and killed Laken Riley. That's a fact.INGRAHAM: Well, how many criminals? We don't even know how many crimes, Chad, have been committed by illegals because they never like to actually give you the information. The immigration detainers are never lodged. We never know. And they just get circulated in and out of the system, as this guy did.WOLF: And a lot of the stats and statistics out there don't actually categorize the folks as illegal, right? And so, you'll see the crime, but you don't know if they're illegal, they're here in the U.S. legally, maybe a permanent resident or the like. And so, it's very difficult to actually get the real stats on how many crimes are committed by illegal.INGRAHAM: And this is a family of killers. The Abaras' are a family of killers. You've got the DUIs, you've got the other robberies, you know, assaults. So, this is passed down from, you know, brother to brother here.ROY: No question. When we're talking about this, we said we have this case with Laken Riley's killer, but also a Venezuelan that was engaged with a two-year-old, killed right here in Montgomery County.INGRAHAM: All over. Northern Virginia is teeming and Montgomery County. They were all worried about COVID. It was going to kill everybody. But now we've got MS-13 crawling around Montgomery County. And the liberals of Montgomery County going, welcome in, bienvenidos. Like, I love Spanish speaking people. I love Spanish. But they have no concern for the hardworking people of Montgomery County who actually, you know, do the hard work every day.WOLF: Yeah. Look, we -- they're -- unfortunately, Laken Riley cases every day in the United States.INGRAHAM: Yeah. In one way or another, someone's getting brutalized.WOLF: Every single day this is happening. Of course, I'm glad her case has gotten the attention that it has and there's been congressional action and others. But American people have to realize it's not just happening in Georgia and in Virginia, it's happening in every state.INGRAHAM: It's not one person.WOLF: In almost every community.ROY: And where we deal in Texas, right, we've spent $12.5 billion to do what the federal government is supposed to do. And we've dealt with, I think, about almost a half a million criminals, murders, assaults, rapes, et cetera, by people who are here illegally over the last decade.INGRAHAM: They want to flip Texas. That ain't happening. Congressman Chip, great to see you.ROY: Thanks, Laura.INGRAHAM: Thank you. The Missouri teen whose head was slammed repeatedly into the ground during a fight, she's still in a coma. Missouri Attorney General Andrew Bailey wants to get tough on this teen attacker, but how? He joins us, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Of course, it's not just in Haiti where we're seeing out of control crime. American cities run by liberal mayors with progressive D.A.'s are being overrun as well. And increasingly, juveniles are getting in on the act.Here in the nation's capital, a 14-year-old and two 13-year-olds are facing charges after police connected them to multiple robberies and carjackings. Officers say the victim was sitting in his car when two suspects walked up and carjacked him at gunpoint. A third suspect assaulted the victim before all three drove away in the victim's car.In Seattle, police just released dash cam footage from a pursuit in December involving two 14-year-olds and a 16-year-old accused of trying to carjack several people while they claimed to have a weapon. Fortunately, officers there were able to arrest the three suspects after deploying spike strips to disable the vehicle and chasing the juveniles down on foot with the help of a canine unit.So, we could do this all night long. Why is it happening? Well, it's a complex issue. No fathers in many cases, no role models in others, in some cases, no God. But also, we've got to remember, oftentimes, no consequences. Increasingly there are calls, though, to start charging some of these teens as adults. Consider the case of Kayden Holland, a.k.a. Baby Kay.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Sixteen-year-old Kayden Holland, known as Baby Kay. Right now, he's in custody in Prince George's County on charges of attempted murder. He's accused of trying to kill a student on board of a school bus. Prosecutors say that he pointed a gun and pulled the trigger, but the gun jammed multiple times.In that case, Baby Kay is being tried as an adult. But in the district, he is wanted on a murder charge as a juvenile.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Look, if you want to do the big boy crime, you'll end up with the big boy time if things end up getting right in this country. That's the message we need to send to criminals, including young criminals, and that's exactly what my next guest is calling for.In another case out of Missouri that we brought you earlier this week involving the 15-year-old girl who was seen here repeatedly smashing a classmate's skull into the concrete. The victim remains in critical condition there. Police are not revealing the identities of the victim or the suspect because both are minors.Joining me now is Andrew Bailey, Missouri Attorney General. Andrew, you're calling for the 15-year-old suspect to be charged as an adult. Now, and if the victim should die, heaven forbid, from her injuries, that the charges should be upgraded to homicide?ANDREW BAILEY (R), MISSOURI ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yeah, that's exactly right. And Laura, let me start by saying that my thoughts and prayers go to the victim in this matter who's still suffering in critical condition in a hospital in St. Louis. But let's not forget that this attack occurred at 2:30 P.M. on a Friday afternoon in broad daylight, on a public street near the school where these youth were students, and there's multiple youth involved.And what we see in the video is an attacker who repeatedly bashes the victim's head into the hard pavement, has multiple opportunities to disengage from the fight, but clearly intends to inflict serious physical injury. And a youth of this age who commits an adult crime needs to be tried as an adult, and the law is clear on this point.In Missouri, the juvenile officer and the court have to hold a certification hearing on this matter.INGRAHAM: Well, these kids are pretty sophisticated in many ways. They've seen a lot, especially online, a lot of it's really bad. A GoFundMe page for the victim explains that she was left alone on the ground to convulse before EMT's arrived on the scene. She was admitted to one of the local hospitals in St. Louis with a skull fracture and frontal lobe damage. She has major brain bleeding and swelling and is in critical condition. Kaylee is fighting hard to stay alive and heal.This is just -- this is such a heartbreak on so many levels. You see this rage spilling out across America, especially in inner cities, especially where the D.A.'s don't give a, you know what, about the consequences side of things. They're just trying to figure out how to help criminals get off.BAILEY: Yeah, you're exactly right, Laura. I mean, look, these children grew up in St. Louis. They're youth who have watched a Soros-backed prosecutor, Kim Gardner, in the city of St. Louis, who refused to prosecute criminal defendants. They live in Congresswoman Cori Bush's district. This is a congresswoman who has shamefully called for the defunding of police. And they attend a school that has a history of promoting DEI programs that promote racial divisiveness at the expense of having uniformed police officers in their school.So, the systems are failing. The adults are pushing radical social agendas. And the cost is seen in the video. This heinous offense has resulted in disastrous consequences, and the adults in the room need to stand up and do the right thing. It's time we start holding wrongdoers accountable and stop making excuses and promoting this culture of violence.INGRAHAM: Well, we just understand that another attack took place not too far from where this attack took place, and an individual was stabbed and actually died at the Rosemary Jennings Junior High School there. No suspects are in custody. But police are investigating that incident and says this does not appear to be random. Again, another teenager dead from a stabbing in the St. Louis area.BAILEY: Yeah. Well, when radical progressives have their way and push these racially divisive policies or nullify the law through abuse of prosecutorial discretion and call for the defunding of the police, this is the disastrous consequence. And we've got to hold the wrongdoers accountable. You're not doing the youth or the community any favors by turning a blind eye. When youth of this age commit adult crimes, they need to be tried and held accountable as adults.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, and maybe some of the parents need to have a severe liability imposed on them as well. Attorney General Bailey, thank you.Claudine Gay still had her job, but my next guest does not. He says he was fired by Harvard for speaking out against COVID lockdowns and vax mandates. You may remember him from our COVID coverage. Dr. Martin Kulldorff takes on his former employer, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: This is a parent's choice, the fundamental right to decide.UNKNOWN: An attorney for the group suing the state argues that transgender children need the types of care Senate Bill 14 blocks.UNKNOWN: The state coming into the living room of parents and making decisions about care, and that's the problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, pro-trans fanatics continue to fail our kids by promoting so-called gender affirming care. England wised up and is banning puberty blockers. And in Norway, its top health care board revision to its current clinical recommendations is awesome. And Norway joins other European nations such as Finland and Sweden in introducing limits on the provision of this mutilating procedure to minors.So why hasn't America caught on? Even the progressives in Europe know the truth. Former U.K. Prime Minister Liz Truss spoke out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's incredibly damaging for young people before they're able to make those decisions to take these drugs that are altering these bodies. This is a massive step forward in Britain that these drugs will no longer be prescribed on the National Health Service.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: You bet. Europe is taking action, while America is sitting on her hands here. And we need to step up before even more damage to our children is done.So, Britain's awakened to the harm of puberty blockers, but doctors in America who sounded the alarm on anything from this gender fanaticism to the lies about COVID are getting fired. Remember famed epidemiologist, Dr. Martin Kulldorff, from my medicine cabinet? After years of chasing the truth, he just announced that he's no longer a professor of medicine at Harvard.Dr. Kulldorff is a genius. He joins me now. Dr. K, great to see you. What was the reason that Harvard University fired you?DR. MARTIN KULLDORFF, FORMER HARVARD PROFESSOR: Well, there's a disagreement about infection and acquired immunity. So, we have known since the Athenian plague in 430 B.C. that if you've had infection, then you have immunity against it. And despite that, Harvard and Harvard hospitals were mandating vaccines for all its members.And that is both unscientific and unethical, because if -- let's presume that this was the best vaccine ever, which it wasn't, but let's presume that, then you want people who need it to get the vaccine, not the people who don't need it, because they already have that protection from prior COVID infection.INGRAHAM: And also, just a cost benefit analysis, the pros and cons, I mean, you're the expert here. But if you have like 0.0001 percent chance of getting seriously ill from a virus, and yet you're going to take what is, you know, relatively an experimental drug that doesn't prevent transmission or getting the virus, then why is this even a question that it shouldn't be mandated?KULLDORFF: Well, among the children and young adults, the risk from dying from minuscule -- dying from COVID was always minuscule and it still is. So, there was never a reason to vaccinate children, for example.(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Just like with the puberty blockers, they backed away from that. They seem to be ahead of us on that, Dr. Kulldorff. We reached out to Harvard for a statement, and they said in part that hospital-based faculties, such as Dr. Kulldorff, are employed by one of the affiliates, not by Harvard Medical School, and required an active hospital appointment to maintain an academic appointment at Harvard.Doctor, we also reached out to Mass General Brigham Hospital. They wouldn't give us details, but said your employment was terminated in November 2021. Well, what reason were you given then?KULLDORFF: No, this was the reason, and then Harvard Medical School kept me as a -- on leave for two years, and then that ended a few months ago.INGRAHAM: They made your leave permanent. No, Harvard was like, yeah, bye. Your leave is in-temporary. Does this surprise you? Do you feel like we're living in an alternate universe here with just basic facts of epidemiology and virology completely thrown out the window in the study of COVID?KULLDORFF: Well, if you asked me four years ago, yes, it would have surprised me enormously, but no longer, unfortunately. But the problem is, if you want to have scientific progress and a healthy scientific community, you have to allow open discussions about scientific matters, and that hasn't been the case.So, I mean, the taxpayers are spending a billion dollars every year on research, that's Mass General Brigham only, and I think that taxpayers should demand that if they spend money on that research, they should demand that there's academic freedom and an open-discussions of scientific topics without bullying or cancellations.INGRAHAM: Dr. Kulldorff, I hope with the change in leadership in Washington, perhaps in November, that is exactly what happens. Time to pull taxpayer funding for that research if they continue to do this nonsense. You're a treasure.That's it for us tonight. Thank you for watching. Remember, it's America now and forever. And Jesse is next.