NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And no facts or no history that he mentions on the stump right now will change that. He lost. He's trying to win back that office and we'll continue monitoring this but for now, here comes THE FIVE.Hello, everyone. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro along with Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters, Shannon Bream and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Former President Donald Trump is holding a rally in South Carolina ahead of tomorrow's primary and he's going after Joe Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Tomorrow we're going to win this state and then we're going to tell crooked Joe Biden, you're fired. Get out of here.We have to take over, they're going to destroy this country. We're going to end up in a world war. We'll end up in World War III.Under my leadership, you had virtually no inflation. Under crooked Joe, you had energy prices reached the highest level in history.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And speaking of crooked Joe, he might want to hold tight to his short stares and lace up his sturdy sneakers. His potential 2024 replacements are in town, younger and more appealing blue state governors showing up at the White House today, forcing the president to come face-to- face with the very people who would love to take his job this very year.Gavin Newsom making himself at home earlier, the California governor chatting up with recently impeached DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. President Biden apparently too oblivious to realize what is going on and praise one of his possible replacements.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Thank you. If I were smart, I'd leave right now. I want to thank Governor Newsom for his leadership in that.And by the way, I'm not sure how many people leave L.A., can do it in two hours to get there, whether they're going to come back or not to Las Vegas.But all kidding aside.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK, but Gavin Newsom couldn't blow his cover yet. The slicked back suck up went on CNN to praise the president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): We got to mind the gap between performance and perception, no doubt about it.JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: Is he able to make the case the way that you are?NEWSOM: We all are making the case.TAPPER: But is he able to do it the way you do with the alacrity, the speed, the command?NEWSOM: I was just with him, he's making the case.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Meanwhile, Biden's frail age and mental decline is causing more alarm bells to ring for the Democrats and the media. A new report says Biden needs cheat sheets to answer pre-screened questions from donors during private fundraisers and it's seriously freaking them out.Biden is also looking like a fossil in public, video shows Joe hanging on for dear life to fellow octogenarian Nancy Pelosi while walking on the tarmac together.But don't you dare point any of this out, the media is giving a new liberal commandment to Democrats. Thou shalt not fact check Joe Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CLAIRE MCCASKILL, FORMER MISSOURI SENATOR: I move that every newspaper in America quit doing any fact checks on Joe Biden, until they fact check Donald Trump every morning on the front page. It is ridiculous that The New York Times fact check Joe Biden on something. I mean, he vomits lies, Trump vomits lies.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK. You know, the amazing part of this, Shannon, is the fact that if a Republican were to say that, that, you know, it's time the New York Times is got to fact check everything that Donald Trump says. I mean, or Joe Biden says, I mean, they would criticize us until the cows come home.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, I don't even know where to start with all of that. I will say, though that the president should be happy that this time when Governor Newsom came to visit, the president was actually there.Remember when he went there in July of 2022, and he was like checking out the White House, the president was out of the country. I mean, this time at least he can keep an eye on it while he's there.But this fact checking thing, OK, so Washington Post, not a conservative outlet has given bottomless Pinocchios to President Biden, they have fact checked him on a number of things. He has said things like gas was more than $5.00 a gallon when he became president. It was less than half of that, he used to drive a semi-truck. Don't even get us started on corn pop.I mean, there's a lot of stuff that's going on with this president. He said you had to sign a non-compete to work at McDonald's. And so, we're just supposed to let everything go? I mean, some of these are pretty unbelievable things. So, double standard. I mean, let's just fact check everybody and make it clean.PIRRO: Well, not to mention that he had nothing to do with Hunter's business that didn't even know anything about it.But you know, Jesse, the whole idea of Nancy Pelosi walking hand-in-hand with Joe Biden on the tarmac, I mean, the two octogenarians there and he's got his special Hoka sneakers, and they've got the shorter stairs, and they've got a secret service guy at the bottom.Well, 86 percent of Americans think that Biden is too old to serve a second term, and yet they're out there spinning and telling us we're crazy that he is really quick and he has the alacrity and the competence to be the president.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Binder said she couldn't keep up with that. That's the slowest walk I've ever seen. And I've seen Greg drunk.They did a little write up about what his schedule is. So, he wakes up every morning when his cat Willow walks across his face in the White House. First thing he does his take off his breathing machine. The president wears a breathing machine on his face. And then he does physical therapy. He doesn't exercise, Judge, he does physical therapy where he tries to remember how to walk.And then he gets into the Oval at 10:00 when a bunch of aides and advisers come update him on how his policies are doing, not so great. And then he eats with Kamala, that's an hour and then he's calling a lid at 4:00. Oh, and then he scheduled an hour call with Hunter Biden every day.And everybody's so concerned, because if you donate a million dollars to this guy, and he doesn't remember your name? Imagine giving a guy a million dollars and he calls you Jerry and your name's Gerald. And he says hi, nice to meet you. And you've met him six times before. And then he needs a note card to respond to your question. That's a bad investment.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jerry is short for Gerald.WATTERS: Gerald Dean (ph).GUTFELD: Gerald Ford, Jerry Ford.WATTERS: I'm cooking, Greg. Watch out. We're -- speaking of cooking, we're in the green room. Harold and I watching Trump live on stage. He was like, I call Hillary beautiful Hillary now. I took the cricket off and I gave it to Joe. He's crooked now because it makes more sense, although sleepy was still good.And he's going off on the CNN ratings, they've never been lower. And then, oh, look, the camera, the red light went out and you know, everybody clapped.But I mean, you listen to Jake Tapper. This guy is begging on his hands and knees for Gavin Newsom to get in this race. I've never seen anything. He's just flirting with them. It's a big flirt.PIRRO: Yes. OK. All right, Greg, look, the truth is that Joe Biden now has a cheat sheet, all right? He has a cheat sheet. He already knows what the questions are going to be, who the questioners are, and what the answers are. And this is for a private event, I can almost get it for a public event.But if you're raising money with donors, and you've got to know who the donors are, what they look like and what questions they're going to ask and then what you're going to answer, you're just stupid.GUTFELD: I am not going to slam Joe Biden for using note cards. I even read that from my notes, that would make me a hypocrite, but I use notes because I have so many thoughts going on in my brain.PIRRO: You have to harness them.GUTFELD: Yes, have to harness them. His issue is the opposite, right?WATTERS: Greg, you write your notes.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: Someone else writes his.GUTFELD: The governors at the White House, it's like the most well-dressed circle of vultures you will ever see in history. I wonder how many governors hesitated on buying a roundtrip ticket, right?And meanwhile, their first ladies, they brought measuring tape and a swatch book of window treatments. You know, it won't be long before Joe is frolicking with Commander up at that glorious farm upstate. This is the strangest election in history, and it's barely started.You have one candidate who is walking toward the light, and another candidate who has to keep walking into court. Meanwhile, you have all these people waiting in the wings like ingenues at a Broadway play hoping their star gets crushed by a Klieg light.But I think that -- I think that focusing on Biden's age is now just becoming a distraction from Biden's actions. Because you could always go well -- the argument is Trump isn't much younger, but to your point, the energy level is quite obviously different.But if you talk about how old Biden is, you're missing out on the state of the country. It's not Biden's condition, it's the country's condition. It's not just Joe who's on life support, it's the country. That's why they're having problems with the fact checking, because the fact checking isn't about age or cognition. It's about Biden's lies about the economy, about saying, you know, Trump caused more jobs to lose since -- not since Herbert Hoover.Well, he actually increased jobs up until the COVID. And then he almost saved like half of them when COVID went away, and this woman, what was her name? Claire?WATTERS: McCaskill.GUTFELD: Yes, saying like, oh, you know, you should be back checking Trump, where she been since 2015? They were fact checking every opinion, every birth, every joke. That's all they did. And then they suspended it. When Biden came in, the CNN fact checker just disappeared. He just went away. And now they're going to have to do it. Because I think -- and kudos to the Times for fact checking him, they have to do it because they know they got to get Joe out.PIRRO: You know, I've seen you writing things down furiously. Donald Trump said, you know, Bidenomics don't work in this speech. He talked about MAGAnomics, which worked.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, the Dow and the S&P closed at record highs today. We find ourselves in an economy, I think, a dual economy where you have wealthier people doing a lot better than perhaps some in the middle class or many in the middle class. There are a number of politicians --PIRRO: I just want to separate them.FORD JR.: No, I wouldn't -- I wouldn't -- I wouldn't call it that. I think there are a number of things. But there's no question President Biden, as the incumbent will have to -- first, it's good to be back around the table with you.PIRRO: Good to have you.FORD JR.: President Biden will have to answer to this as we get closer to the election. But I got to tell you, the last two elections we've had in this country, the Democrats have fared pretty well.In the midterms in 22, the Democrats fared well and even a few months ago when Beshear was reelected, Virginia flipped to the Democrats in the state House and the state Senate, Ohio had a big referendum on abortion, on reproductive rights. I would add, as we were watching President Trump in the -- in the Green room, he made it clear that he's against the decision in Alabama as it relates to IVF. And that he believes that women and family should have a plethora of options available to build out a healthy family to grow their families, which I think will probably help them -- help them in the fall. They'll have to answer questions about the justices he put on the court. But I think it's a smart move on his part.I liked the governor's go into the White House. When I was in Congress, the governors would come and Democrat and Republican alike in the tribalness of politics in Washington, the balkanization of the politics in Washington would evaporate for a little bit while they were in that room, you have 50 executives with the chief executive of the country, talking about real problems, talking about how you solve problems, and what it's the border, whether it's defense spending, whether it's social issues, I think it's -- I think it's a positive thing.Finally, you have to fact check everyone and anybody. I didn't know the context that Senator McCaskill was speaking that based on the clip that we showed there, I don't know how you can defend -- how anyone could defend not fact checking a public figure. Certainly, the leading public figure in the country.PIRRO: OK. All right. Up next, bad news for furious Fani, new bombshell cell phone data that could spell doom for the embattled D.A. and her lover.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: Did Fani Willis lie under oath about what her relationship started with the man she hired to prosecute Donald Trump? Lawyers for the former president revealing some explosive cell phone data in a new court filing. They claim that Nathan Wade made at least 35 visits to the neighborhood where the Fulton County D.A. was living. They say they go as far as alleging that Wade stayed overnight at her condo back in 2021. But the pair says the romantic relationship began in early 2022. After she'd brought him on to the Trump case.The new data seems to contradict what both Wade and Willis testified to under oath.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, if phone records were to reflect that you were making phone calls from the same location as the condo before November 1st of 2021, and it was on multiple occasions, the phone records would be wrong?NATHAN WADE, PROSECUTOR: If phone records reflected that, yes, sir.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They'd be wrong?WADE: They'd be wrong.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Did anyone else stay with you at the year to your condo, including this year?FANI WILLIS, GEORGIA D.A.: Yes. That's a very lonely period in my time -- life. I don't think anyone ever spent the night.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Judge, you're not buying it over there. But listen, just because he was there doesn't mean -- how can I say this --PIRRO: That he slept with her?BREAM: That there was boot knocking going on?PIRRO: OK. Let me explain one thing. I want you to think about this. He gets to her house at 3:30 in the morning, right? No, he gets to her house at 10:45 at night.BREAM: OK.PIRRO: He leaves at 3:30 in the morning. He gets to his house at 4:00, goes back home at 4:00 and then text her about five minutes after 4:00.Now, I don't think they're texting about a case. She's telling her what a great night he had. Look, here's the bottom line. This case just blew up. Fani Willis not only has the appearance of impropriety, not only an actual conflict, Fani Willis perjured herself, her boyfriend perjured himself, they lied under oath.Each of them said they didn't have a relationship until 2022. Now, Robin Yeartie whatever the name is, she said, no, it started in 2019. I saw him, they were hugging, they were kissing.And you know what? She isn't a great D.A. I never thought she was that smart, she doesn't know how to conduct herself in a courtroom clearly, but this woman is so dumb. She doesn't even realize that cell phone analytics can identify the exact location of your phone, not the area, but the exact location based upon the cell tower. That's how we prove crimes. We've been doing it for years, Fani.And here's the thing, in 2021, before they hooked up, they texted each other more than a thousand times a month, but they weren't boot knocking and they called each other more than 2,000 times a month. More to the point.He's going to her house. He's sleeping there. He's leaving going home at least two nights, she calls her friend Robin a liar.Look, this man has no experience as a felony prosecutor or with RICO. She has no experience in a courtroom. The two of them are ridiculous. She was able to fund a lavish lifestyle that she took part of with this stupid claim. I paid him back in cash, that itself is incredulous.The only question now is whether or not the judge is going to have the hutzpah to call it for what it is. And this is perjury. The bottom line is Wade got paid, Willis got laid and the taxpayers got played.BREAM: I thought you were going to say spade. All right. So, Jesse, can you text someone thousands of times, be close friends, be talking about business and it's not romantic? Possible.WATTERS: It was a booty call. The judge nailed it. She texts until 11:00, come on over, he comes over. He leaves at 4:00, come on. It's a booty call. But they lied about sex. Hasn't everybody lied about sex? That's the whole Clinton drama. They lied about sex.But they also lied about money. And he's destroyed evidence in past cases. And she's now lied 16 times to the judge's face. This judge might be a softy, though.PIRRO: He is a wimp.WATTERS: So, anything could happen. The thing is here, they've so disqualified themselves. The judge might say, listen, it's personal. I need to stay in Fulton County as a judge. I want to save my career in Fulton County, and just let them go on their way.But if you're going to lie that many times just about this and cover it up, you're not going to be prosecuting the former president with any integrity, you're going to lie, cheat and steal in that case, too. And that's why they should be disqualified.BREAM: Well, and Harold, I mean, the judge is going to have a closed hearing on Monday with one of these, you know, witnesses who was a former law partner, there's a question of attorney client privilege. He represented Nathan Wade for part of the time in the divorce, but then it's public again next Friday in that hearing, this judge is going to have to make some tough decisions.FORD JR.: There's no doubt. Both these attorneys Mr. Wade and Ms. Willis will have to respond to this new data here. I don't know, I've not reached the same conclusion that because they were communicating as much as they were that this meant that there was some sort of romantic relationship.But it -- but if they -- if the data shows it, and they misled the court, I don't disagree with it at all. This court will have an enormous set of pressures on him to render a judgment. And we'll have to take that into consideration as he renders the judge.But I would imagine the judge is not going to be swayed by how he has to function in Fulton County over the next several months or years, if indeed this turns out to be -- to be true.Now, I've heard many be critical of Miss Willis and Mr. Wade, their legal skills. Say this, I didn't think that this case from the outset was particularly compelling.However, when you look at the number of plea agreements they've gotten from a whole host of people, including very sophisticated and smart and experienced lawyers. They did a pretty good job whether he had experienced or not in any of this.But the issue here at hand is whether or not they told the truth, sitting in that judge's chambers, sitting in that courtroom.And today, doubt has been cast there. They're going to have to answer these questions.BREAM: Well, Greg, do you think they're telling the truth?GUTFELD: No. Of course they are. They were playing Yatse (ph).BREAM: They love Yatse.GUTFELD: Yes, they were going to have a case and when booty calls. This is like a classic Colombo episode, right? It's all going one way. And then that last segment on the show, there's that one clue. It's the phone records, and then it's over.They didn't just falsely testify. They really falsely testified. I mean, it was so obvious to everybody, it was amazing they did it. They assumed that they could get away with it.But this removes any ambiguity, they perjured, they will lose the case, they will probably lose their jobs and they could actually lose their freedom because they broke the law. Why did they do it? They assumed they had a free pass.You know, if you analyze their claims you could be called racist. And they had a judge that seemed legitimately terrified of his previous employer. It was like Dwight Schrute interviewing Michael Scott, right? It just appeared that in that -- even in the testimony when she went off the rails, she was in control because the judge was too scared to rein her in.I think the bigger picture here when you step back, is how all the major critics of the left have been targeted by law fare. So, whether it's January 6th protesters, Trump, Liddell, Musk, Giuliani, Bannon, Fox, they're lesser known names who are being targeted, it is time to probably to return fire, you know, bring a slingshot to a gunfight. It's time for some deep pockets to start targeting source funded D.A.s that people who absolve themselves from truly fighting crime and instead to focus on their political adversaries and opponents because the fact is, this stuff is going to continue, they're going to keep targeting people and trying to put them behind bars.WATTERS: We will find every Soros funded D.A.s booty call.GUTFELD: Exactamundo, Jesse.WATTERS: There's no one you can hide.GUTFELD: Yes, yes. Everybody lies about sex.BREAM: Not me.GUTFELD: Why should you?BREAM: I have no intend to lie.GUTFELD: You're as pure as the driven snow.PIRRO: That's right. Women in the BibleBREAM: Take that to the bank. OK.GUTFELD: Women in the Bible.BREAM: Women in the Bible have spoken. OK, come on -- coming up, crime rampant stores in San Francisco no longer trust customers to just walk in and shop alone. We're going to explain, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Crime ravaged San Francisco stores now using the buddy system to stop crime. Customers at Fredericksen Hardware & Paint will have to select their power tools with an employee escort hovering of them during certain hours. Customers can only come in one at a time and have to wait with others at the blocked off entrance.But don't blame the store. They're just reacting to the gob smacking surge in burglaries amid smash and grabs in the bay area.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We weren't really given a choice. I mean, just we have to keep our employees safe and customers safe. But when they're coming in to do snatch and grabs, that was the final straw. There's no consequence to it. They're not even thinking about that.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Greg, have you ever bought power tools at Fredericksen and sons?GUTFELD: I usually send up my help for that. But I buy solution always like when I buy my Faberge eggs, I call ahead so they close the store so I can shop unencumbered by fans and selfie seekers. This is having somebody shop with you. It just adds to the embarrassment. It's like how they lock up my special ointments at Walgreens. I don't need the awkward stares.But every one of these solutions, which is added to more solutions, or because we don't address the easiest obvious solution, which is that crime requires punishment, not incentives. Prison reform and social justice is pure backwards science, right? Somehow they got us to believe that more prisons mean more criminals, when it's more criminals need more imprisonment. I hope like in 20 years, we look back at this time as a temporary insanity, you know, where we suspended law and order for the sake of wokism and nearly destroyed this country.My fear is though we will end up like Russia. You know, we'll let things get so bad that we will willingly sacrifice our freedoms for safety and security. Because that's what we're seeing right now. Every step we take is met with a limiting freedom of the citizen and not the criminal. So we'll just welcome the complete and utter security of a giant state.WATTERS: That's a great point, Judge, eventually, like Greg said, the country is going to have to wake up and rise up and just say knock it off everybody.PIRRO: Well, it's amazing they haven't reached that point now. I mean, with the -- with the bail laws and you know, Prop 47, and all that other stuff that's going on in the country.But this is -- I mean, there's no question the root cause is the criminal, but the consumers are bearing the burden. OK. And so, if I want to buy toothpaste, I have to have like a shopping buddy with me. And then they have like a staging area where all the other people are waiting, staring you down and saying, you know, get it over with, get it over with. I don't want anyone watching me shopping, maybe I want to go back and compare again.The whole thing is absurd. It's a scenario where -- I mean, we -- people I think Greg are going to look back at us and say, you know what, you deserve it, because you stood for it. And I don't know what we do. I really don't until we get legislators that want to change the bail statutes and want to increase the crime statutes. Instead of you know, raising the age, lowering the age and dealing with real crime, we're going to be stuck with this. And with the illegals coming through, we don't know who they are. We're stuck.WATTERS: Harold, the Democrats in these major metropolitan areas, they keep voting for the politicians to keep doing these dumb things.FORD JR.: There's no monopoly on dumb and politics. And but in this instance here, I couldn't agree with you more. I've been a believer that the way you stop crime, you got to deter it. You got to have armed guards in the stores, you got to have greater police presence in and around shopping districts. You got to remove to your point, Judge, you got to alter and just reverse the silly penalties. We have to have penalties for these people, for people who do the smash and grab.The experiment that anyone was undertaking in cities and locales around the country to say, hey, maybe if we are softer on crime, we may reduce crime, that I never subscribed to that, but some did. It's not working. You have to have a full reversal for small business owners, for customers, for communities to not only to feel safe, but for people to be able to conduct business in a way that keeps investment in community.So, I think they should reverse it all in and go back to doing what you normally do. Having consequences for people who steal, who smash and grab and who take property that is not theirs.WATTERS: Your thoughts on escorts?BREAM: Well, I -- listen, what kind of escort? Anyway.(LAUGHTER)I do wonder why people are surprised when things happen like Prop 47, you talk about in California when you downgrade a number of crimes from felonies to misdemeanors, there's not enforcement. Oregon is another example. They legalized all kinds of possessions of drugs like fentanyl and meth and cocaine. That was back in 2021. They've tripled the amount of overdoses they have every year, overdose deaths.And so, now, the governor there has declared a 90 day emergency over the drug policy. So, I don't know how people don't get to see the consequences of where these things are going.WATTERS: Gavin Newsom thinks he can be president. It's going to be tough when we're all looking at San Francisco right in the eyes. Not going to be easy.GUTFELD: Well said, Jesse.WATTERS: Thank you. Is that Commander on your chest?GUTFELD: No, this is just a little Frenchie.WATTERS: Little Frenchie?GUTFELD: Yes, you like it?WATTERS: Can I pet it?GUTFELD: I was wondering why you were staring.WATTERS: Can I pet it? The Fastest is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back, time for The Fastest. First up, it's hard to believe we ever survived without them. A widespread AT&T out is caused by glitches week leading to a near civilizational meltdown.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I had to actually pull over and connect to a Wi-Fi at Starbucks to text her, to let her know, hey, I'm on my way.I went from listening to Spotify to having to figure out what radio station to listen to. It was a little obnoxious.(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Shannon, what are your thoughts about this? Are we too dependent on these things? So, this is an example of how we need to detach?BREAM: Yes, I don't know if you guys do this. But sometimes I do a test on myself. I won't put a GPS to see if I can find how to get somewhere because I still want to make sure that the skills I could survive.This is also why you need to marry someone like Sheldon Bream. Because the man who loves being in the woods, he knows how to do all the survival stuff, how to find clean water, how to find direction by following you know, birds and stuff.So, if you have someone like that around, it's OK, if your phone goes down. Just find you one of those guys.FORD JR.: Primetime?WATTERS: You're supposed to fall birds if you're lost?BREAM: I don't know. He knows. I don't know. But that's why I'm just kind of, you know, tagging along with him.WATTERS: OK, if things don't work out, I'm all over your man. I read in a book because I love self-help that every day you're supposed to get lost.BREAM: OK.WATTERS: A little lost. Not really lost. But like, don't have your phone, wind up somewhere. You don't know where you're going, either in the woods or on the streets. Just get a little lost, a little uncomfortable once a day.FORD JR.: Would you get lost today, where?WATTERS: I can't talk about that on television.FORD JR.: Your Honor?PIRRO: I'm lost most even with my phone. OK, first of all, you know, it was a culture test and we failed it. OK, but get ready for the grid going down. OK, that's why you're going to need Mr. Bream. I've been talking about that for 10 years. They're going to take the grid down. There's no question. We have a balkanized system of grids in this country. It's a nightmare.And you know what, everybody's so dependent on these phones. Apparently they went into some of these AT&T places and Apple play started screaming at the employees, fix it, fix it, you know?FORD JR.: Did you suffer from this?GUTFELD: Oh, God, yes, it's hard. My driver was two minutes late. I had to let him go. Yes, wife's pregnant, fourth kid. But anyway, they'll make it.You know, I embrace forced timeouts because I can't do it myself. So, when technology goes away, I embrace it. And you know that I'm pretty much of a woodsman, I can live off the land. And what I do is when something's going down, I go to the nearest Whole Foods, and I hide in the bathroom. And then when it closed down, I'm the safest one, and then I squat, and they can't get me out, according to the law.FORD JR.: Up next, what's old is new. Folks have been choosing to watch the older shows over to new ones according to new streaming data. The law drama "Suits", which premiered 12 years ago was the most streamed show last year, with more than 57 billion minutes watch. My wife was part of that. The other topics include "Friends" and "Gilmore Girls". I like "Gilmore Girls".Recent top rated shows like "Yellowstone" didn't even crack the top 10. What did you watch? Did you watch any of those shows?PIRRO: I watch "Yellowstone".FORD JR.: No, but did you watch any of those shows, the top three?PIRRO: They mentioned, no.FORD JR.: "Gilmore Girls" and "Friends"?PIRRO: Never watched it. I was always working.FORD JR.: You've been streaming -- you've been streaming this last year, you and Emma?WATTERS: No, so I'll watch "The Office", "Seinfeld", "Friends" and "Martin".FORD JR.: You like -- you like "Martin"? I liked that play. Shannon, what about you?GUTFELD: He watched "Martin" so he can say he has black friends.WATTERS: Tell them we're friends.FORD JR.: We are great friends.WATTERS: If Harold and I ever have a falling out, I have no black friends.BREAM: I love "Martin" is that where Romy Rome (ph) was? The guy? The sheriff guy?WATTERS: Yes, don't make me do the dance.BREAM: OK, don't do the dance. But I loved it. Shows now just are not creative or interesting. You couldn't make "The Office" now probably, it would get you in too much trouble. And so, everything's a rehash. It's a remake of an old movie or a show but now woke and that's just not funny or interesting.So, I like the older shows too, but a lot of what I watch I'm not sure you could get on T.V. now.FORD JR.: What are you streaming right now?GUTFELD: Well, I disagree with you. There is a turning away from the woke because there's a lot of good writers that are -- they can't be creative. There's show on Showtime called "The Curse" which is Nathan Fielder and Emma Stone, which is a -- probably the best T.V. show I've seen since "The Sopranos".But I am a big "Colombo" guy. As you know I've watched every episode of "Colombo". Even the weird ones in the early 90s. And also you have to watch every single "Rockford Files". Because it's the best "Rockford Files". It's just the music is incredible.FORD JR.: You like "The Love Boat?"GUTFELD: And they don't have any relevant characters there to fulfill a requirement and there's no lectures. That's what people hate.BREAM: They don't like that.FORD JR.: Fan Mail Friday is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Exactly, Fan Mail Friday, first question. Good question from Frenchi, what product would you stockpile if you found out it was going to be discontinued? I have two already in my head. Shannon?BREAM: I feel like this is every makeup thing I ever like, it always does.PIRRO: Yes.BREAM: Anyway, right, Judge? So, my final lip gloss I liked, I stocked out but I use Q tips in so many ways all day long. That if I found out those were going away, that's what I would talk about.GUTFELD: Interesting. Judge, how about you?PIRRO: It's always the lipstick and the nail polish, the best ones they get rid of. What would I stockpile? I would probably stockpile sardines.GUTFELD: Sardines? Wow. Harold?FORD JR.: Potato chips. I love potato chips.GUTFELD: That's interesting. Yes, you do eat a lot of chips.FORD JR.: That cheddar and onion ruffles are my favorite.GUTFELD: Jesse? Hair gel?WATTERS: Obviously, it's the hair products.GUTFELD: Yes.BREAM: You can't be without it.GUTFELD: I'm so obvious, rectal care (ph). Whoever came up with, that you should get a Nobel Prize, it's amazing. I use it everywhere.This is from -- if you could go back to being a kid for a day, what's the first thing you would do? Jesse? Fully a child.WATTERS: First thing came to my mind was steal. Because I don't know why I thought of that. But you could get away with a lot more as a child. You can get away with stealing and you're really old and really young so I would probably go -- I would just probably steal candy.GUTFELD: Tat's a sad testament on your life. Harold?FORD JR.: I used to love Go Kart riding. I'd want to get in a Go Kart.WATTERS: You can still do that, Harold.FORD JR.: I know but I don't feel right doing it.GUTFELD: Yes, weird. All the parents -- all the parents would be very suspicious of the grown man in a Go Kart.WATTERS: Right, yes.GUTFELD: At the playground.WATTERS: Yes.GUTFELD: Judge?PIRRO: Slide. The first thing that came to my mind was going to the park and going down the slide again and again and again.GUTFELD: Shannon?BREAM: Yes, I would say everything I thought as a kid like being forced to take naps and go to bed early. Like I wish somebody would force me to take naps and go to bed early.GUTFELD: Yes, I read this the wrong way. I should talk to my parents. You know, talk to my parents. Say, like, figure, you know, cut, drive and figure out what it was like asking questions. I forgot to ask.WATTERS: You tell your parents what companies to invest in.GUTFELD: There you go. see, it's always transactional with Jesse. I teal or I would try to make money. It's always transactional. You are a terrible human being.Is there something that you like that nobody would believe you do? All right, Jesse.WATTERS: Read.GUTFELD: Yes, that is -- that is good.WATTERS: I actually really read a lot. I know people don't believe that. I have quite a nice library.GUTFELD: Oh, wow. What about you, Judge? Something that you like that nobody would believe you do.PIRRO: People would believe it, I like cotton candy. I would just eat it, eat it, eat it but they wouldn't believe it. So, OK. I don't know.GUTFELD: All right, Harold.FORD JR.: I'm not just doing this because Shannon's here but I got to read the Bible every morning.BREAM: I believe that.WATTERS: That we know he's running.FORD JR.: What is that?WATTERS: Now we know you're running.GUTFELD: Shannon?BREAM: I feel like this comes up every time I'm on the show but I'm a huge Def Leppard fan and I love seeing them in concert. So, there we go.GUTFELD: Yes, I'm glad you support animals with disabilities. I'm almost close to you. I meditate.PIRRO: You do?GUTFELD: Yes. And it's I used to meditate a lot until I got a head injury. Remember when the door hit me? And I couldn't meditate for a while?BREAM: Is it working?GUTFELD: Oh, meditating is great.WATTERS: You walked into the door.GUTFELD: The door opened and hit my head. I got a concussion and I couldn't meditate for like a year, I couldn't even concentrate.WATTERS: Got a concussion.GUTFELD: I got a concussion.WATTERS: Such a wimp.PIRRO: Who pushed the door?GUTFELD: Oh, it's OK. It was not a big deal.PIRRO: Did someone do it intentionally?WATTERS: You're fired. Trust me.GUTFELD: They're here and they're wonderful. All right, One More Thing is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for One More Thing and Jesse goes first.WATTERS: A Norwegian weatherman had a rough time covering a storm. Let's look what happened.That is Norway.BREAM: I love it.WATTERS: I'm not going to promote my book. Get it together. I don't think it would be right but you can preorder it on Amazon, strong sales already with the preorders. I'm not going to do it. I'm just going to go straight to promoting my show at 8:00. Welfare queen exposed, that's not the welfare queen. That's me.PIRRO: OK, Greg.GUTFELD: Oh, tonight. What a great show tonight. Oh, it's an all-star panel with Tom Shillue, Julie Banderas, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. That's tonight at 10:00. Let's do this.Robots are great. Robots are great. Robots are great.All right. This is in Lee County, Florida. Got the Robo Dog got the recognition it deserves. Take a look out there at a local parade where it put its dance moves on display. We're running this tape, but we had to cut it short. Because right before the moment when the robot turned on the crowd and killed them all.And yes, exactly. There was one person in the crowd that had been time traveling to warn them. But Mr. Connor was bitten.WATTERS: Can you say Banderas again?GUTFELD: Banderas.PIRRO: Shannon?BREAM: OK, so speaking of Florida, it is my home state. I love it. It is a great estate. I was down there a few weeks ago, went to this wonderful restaurant. At the end, the chef surprised us, he came out and he said I'm a huge Fox fan. He gave me a copy of his cookbook. And he said you got to promise me that you will take a copy of my cookbook to my favorite person on THE FIVE and I said I'll do that for Jesse.WATTERS: Oh, thank you.GUTFELD: That was a mean thing. That was -- you know, Shannon, you are evil. Shannon is evil.PIRRO: That is so sweet.BREAM: -- to my name.GUTFELD: You are evil.PIRRO: OK.WATTERS: Everybody get the book.BREAM: No, you don't have to buy the book.WATTERS: This one and my book.BREAM: Yes, it's a package deal.GUTFELD: Transactional.PIRRO: Very nice. Transactional.WATTERS: Thank you.PIRRO: OK, Canadian woman demonstrated why it's important to check your shoes in the winter. Check out this precious little gecko, she found hidden in one of her shoes who was trying to simply find some alone time. And you know what? That is disgusting. All right, Harold.FORD JR.: First off, congrats again to Bret Baier and a great interview. Mr. Zelenskyy. What a well-rounded family. Let's show the video. Here's a hilarious viral moment that a son stuffed his father into a giant balloon using a leaf blower. It was no easy feat and the prankster had to call on his sister for reinforcements.Eventually, they were able to pull the balloon up to his neck and inflate it. The dad enjoyed a minute of uninterrupted bouncing around the kitchen before --PIRRO: What kind of balloon is that?FORD JR.: It's a big one. It's a big one.PIRRO: Thanks, Harold.BREAM: Who even thinks of that? Like, why are you attempting that?PIRRO: What kind of balloon is that? That's not a regular balloon.GUTFELD: I think it's a Magnum.BREAM: With a leaf blower?GUTFELD: Oh, gosh.FORD JR.: Again, congratulations to Bret Baier.PIRRO: Oh, I thought she was taking his head off.BREAM: I don't know.PIRRO: That is very strange.FORD JR.: Well, they seem to enjoy this family time.(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Get off social media.PIRRO: Are you going to try that now, Harold?GUTFELD: They should bring him out to the lake. Yes.PIRRO: Yes. All right. All right. Well, Shannon, we loved having you on.BREAM: Thanks for having me. I'll see you on Sunday.PIRRO: We'll see you on Sunday.BREAM: See you on Sunday.PIRRO: And that's it for us. Have a great night. Have a great weekend.