SARAH BEDFORD, POLITICO REPORTER: He has incredibly soft support and that's why he's more susceptible to a third-party bid than Trump is, so voters are excited.CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Ladies, I got to leave it there. Thank you both very much.And that's it for me. Neil will be back tomorrow but you can catch me on Fox Business at 2:00 p.m. Eastern "MAKING MONEY". Doing pretty good these days. Right now, THE FIVE starts.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City. Greg's got a new shirt and this is THE FIVE.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What's your collateral for the bond?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Cash.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: New York's plan to seize Trump's buildings running into a major roadblock, Trump scoring a win after an appeals court slashed his staggering $450 million bond to $175 million in his civil fraud judgment. He now has 10 days to pay the lower amount in order to stop Attorney General Letitia James from seizing his assets. That all happening while Trump was in a different courtroom today. A judge ruling his hush money trial will start April 15th, meaning Trump will be the first presidential candidate on trial while campaigning.Trump slamming the criminal cases against him as election interference.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I respect the Appellate Division for substantially reducing that ridiculous amount of money that was put on by a corrupt judge. So, he ought to be looked at and James ought to be looked at because she tried to get him, she's like the puppet master of the judge.We're going through this weaponization of our government to try and knock out somebody's political opponent. And so far, based on the polls, it's not working at all. That case is a scam. It's a sham and it's a hoax.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Democrats in the media who were once thrilled about the prospect of Trump surrendering his assets now fuming over the decrease bond.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is so infuriating, I don't even know what to do. You know, now he's getting his own private system of justice. This is an absolute travesty.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But certainly, this is one heck of a break for yet again, Teflon Don.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The playbook is different for former President Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's pretty much got everything he's wanted.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: For what reason? No one else in the country would have that kind of luck.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And my favorite, Fani Willis is back after being forced to dismiss her ex-lover from Trump's election interference case. The prosecutor says it is full steam ahead, though, to go after Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY: I don't feel like we've been slowed down at all. I do think that there are efforts to slow down this train, but the train is coming.And for the record, I'm not embarrassed by anything I've done. You know, I guess my greatest crime is I had a relationship with a man. But that's not something that I find embarrassing in any way.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: All right, Judge, there's lots of issues out there. Take your pick, which ever you want.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: OK, thank you, the $175 million bond, which certainly is appropriate, because there was absolutely no connection between the $475 million. And I think it's a half a billion at this point with the interest that Engoron just pulled out of the sky and said I'm going to hit Donald Trump for that.And you know, they're just disappointed because they wanted to call him broke Don and he's not broke Don anymore. He's going to make that $175 million bond.Now, in his condition, of course upon his perfecting his appeal by September, that means he's got to have all his appellate work in the appellate division first department, which rendered this decision reducing the bond.But I want to just, Dana, because I looked this up when Sam Bankman-Fried, who apparently conned something like a million dollars or a million victims. His bond was $250 million. Bernie Madoff had 40,000 victims. His bond was 10 million. Donald Trump, no victims, half a billion dollars.I mean, I don't know where those people from the other stations are learning the law or what they're talking about. But look, there's no harm, no foul. That's the end of it. No one relied to their detriment on anything. No one lost a dime. Donald Trump is a well client. Everybody comes in with him, makes money with them. That's number one.Number two, on the business records case, it's going to start on April 15th. They've got a convicted felon who was a liar, who is the main witness in that case, on a case that is literally without basis because they took a federal felony charge. And they tried to breathe life into a statute of limitation past misdemeanor in New York that the D.A. Cy Vance really didn't want to go on and that Alvin Bragg didn't want to prosecute, that the Southern District wouldn't prosecute, and that the FEC didn't prosecute.So, the Democrats came in and they breathed hate into this, this falsifying of business record by bootstrapping a felony from the feds pulling away the statute of limitations in the misdemeanor, pulling out Michael Cohen to be their central witness, and it's absurd.And the last thing I want to say is this, you have the Supreme Court came out and they said the Secretary of State in Maine, as well as the Supreme Court justice, I think it was in Colorado were wrong, you can't take him off the ballot.They said that, Fani Willis, get rid of your lover, you can have him on and six of your counts go because you don't even know how to draft an indictment.And to Engoron they're saying, your bond is nowhere consistent with the facts. And we're going to take it down what, 40, 60 percent.So, they're in bad shape already. And I think it's going to continue that way. This is all coming out of the Democrats who hate Donald Trump.PERINO: Greg, how do you see all this?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Very good question, Dana, I like my shirt, even though it looks rather strange on T.V. I love that montage. That there are people who are in so infuriated, they don't know what to do. That's what he said, I'm so infuriated. I don't know what to do, because Trump only is going to pony up 175 million.So, what kind of life do you lead? You know, do you have any friends or any family? What kind of lonely existence is this when you derive your happiness or sorrow based on the trials of another person? I can't imagine how small that world is.To see -- when I saw that emotionally, I go like, God, I don't even get that. I don't get that mad. When there are crime sprees, I was angry. But I was angry because there was actual crime, but like over somebody else, it's like, it's so weird.The bond was based not on thoughtful reads and penalties it was based on what Trump was going to make, his profit. And it was reverse-engineered using the manipulation of a law that wasn't used in that way before. That's why it was called unprecedent -- unprecedented.I still want to know who he writes the checkout to, even for this bond. But if you hate Trump, you know, you should still maintain a shred of principle and say, look, I don't want this guy in the White House. But I realize that this is like illegal, immoral, and will have lasting consequences in the real estate industry.And therefore, ultimately, the city, people like Democrats like Jamie Dimon are saying that, and yet, you know, you're not. I think the problem right now is you can't argue with an ignorant mob.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Right.GUTFELD: And the people cheering this on, those people you saw, have no idea what they're cheering, they have no idea. They don't like -- they don't -- when they see unprecedented in this seizure of private property, they go, hurray. And they don't think that, well, this is where people live and work. They don't know what this is going to incentivize for the future, Republicans are going to be able to do this, that more Democrats are going to do this, the people who were in real estate are not going to want to invest in this city.But if you bring this stuff up, they'll look at you with a blank face, because they're soaked to the gills with TDS. It's like arg -- you know, it's like arguing with a mob. You know, torching an AutoZone. Like they're in that moment, destroying that building, and you go, you do realize people work there. And it's not going to help everybody living in that area, and they don't care. They'll just trash it, and they'll punch you in the face. That's the mentality.PERINO: Jessica, why were they so mad about the rule of law being followed?JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I don't think that they would say that it was that the rule of law was being followed from the commentary that I've heard and observed on social media in the afternoon, that they feel that this is about two tiers of justice and no other person, but Donald Trump would have had the bond amount lower that much. And I know that there have been larger bonds, it seems like 99.9 percent of them have been to public companies and not to individually held companies. And that's really the point of distinction there.PERINO: Isn't that that tiered system of justice?TARLOV: I'm saying what they were arguing, I have consistently felt uncomfortable about this, and also said that it was a distraction from the cases that people are really interested in seeing play out before they go and cast their votes in November or whenever their early voting period starts.It is definitely a win for Trump. And you saw that in his press conference afterwards, where he said, you know, the beautiful appellate division, I'm happy to pay this.I do still think that there was no point in him bragging beforehand about how he had the money. You know, he said $500 million a few days ago, then before that, in his deposition, he said that he had $400 million in cash, I guess we will never know.But I think he really gave up the game in one exchange with a reporter who said, are you worried that conviction could cost you the election? And his answer was, well, it could also make me more popular.And I understand his thinking on that and survey after survey reveals that isn't the case.PERINO: Well, it's true.TARLOV: No, he gained some popularity. He did that through the primary and he is obviously running very competitively, but people don't want to vote for a convicted felon. And I think he needs to be careful about that. He still has a lot of cases pending against him.GUTFELD: Is that the whole point of this though?PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: And then to also --(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: So people don't vote for a felon. It's a -- it's a circular argument.PERINO: Right. Yes.TARLOV: But if you -- but that's making it out as if the man didn't do anything wrong and the average real estate -- the average real estate investor isn't inflating the worth of their -- (CROSSTALK)WATTERS: Look at that building right there. Trump owns that building, take a look at the entire Manhattan skyline. Trump owns all of these beautiful properties. He's built these things.What does Joe Biden built? Joe Biden has not built anything, Jessica. He hasn't even built a charging station. OK, this man is responsible for thousands of Americans being hired and millions of dollars being made by banks by investors in this great city.The book in the back shot of that stupid former assistant U.S. attorney, you know what it said? Taking down Trump. That was the book and his little backshot library. This guy is a straight player. These are not straight players, these are -- these are hounds, Jessica, this is a savage attack on a man because these people are mentally I'll. They don't want to see him actually convicted at all. They just want to see him convicted before the election. They don't care what happens after the election. That's the whole point of this.Joe Biden has unleashed the hounds and Fani's talking about the Fani train. Come on. If you take the Trump train, and the Fani train, and you go like this, my money is on the Trump Train, choo choo Fani.Remember after 9/11, Jessica?TARLOV: I do.WATTERS: How he treated Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, your Democrat lawyers flew down to get to represent him. All they did was talk about oh, they need constitutional rights. They need all of the rights that they should have, the right to appeal, the right to due process, the right to a trial. They're giving terrorists more respect than Donald Trump.They said this is what makes America America. Now, they're just destroying this man. They don't care about precedent. They're just trying to attack him any which way they can.TARLOV: Donald Trump has worked great, but when he thinks it's great representation, he is being given due process. He has gotten almost all of his requests from the Supreme Court down to the state courts.WATTERS: OK.TARLOV: And what you just said beyond the incredibly rude way that you began about the fact that I rent my apartment is basically giving him carte blanche to do everything from storing classified documents and flattening subpoenas and not returning them to fomenting an insurrection after he lost an election by millions of votes.PIRRO: He is still not charged with that, is he?(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: Jessica, what I'm saying is there's no victims in any of these cases, that you guys are very angry. No, none. And you guys are very angry that he has the cash.TARLOV: I'm not angry.WATTERS: The other day you said oh, he's broke. Oh, he doesn't have $500 million cash. And then he just put a bond for like $97 million for the woman who accused him and then he put another $175 million for this stupid case.TARLOV: She didn't just accused him, he was found liable for that.WATTERS: You're mad he's rich.TARLOV: I'm not, I'm thrilled he's rich.WATTERS: You're mad he's wealthy.PERINO: So fun. So, we're going to move to it. Up next, James Carville has far-left Democrats fuming over what he just said.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Democrats may lose the White House in November all thanks to "preachy female politicians". That's according to Democratic strategist James Carville who suggested they're the reason Joe Biden's poll numbers are sinking.He told the New York Times this, a suspicion of mine is that there are too many preachy females, don't drink beer, don't watch football, don't eat hamburgers, this is not good for you. The message is too feminine. Everything you're doing is destroying the planet. You've got to eat your peas.And it seems he hit a nerve with AOC who tweeted, "Maybe he should start a podcast about it. I hear men are really underrepresented in that space."Jessica, I've been waiting for this segment all day. This is such a delight.TARLOV: I mean, it's a -- it's a classic Carville.WATTERS: Classic Carville.TARLOV: Yes.WATTERS: Totally nails it.TARLOV: I wouldn't go that far, but I would say it's classic Carville, and there's definitely a subsection of the party that feels this way. Bill Maher talks about this a lot, right? That people don't want to be shamed about the way that they live their lives. And these issues that feel more ancillary to the huge election issues are just a distraction for it and just let people go on and guess what, they're going to show up and they're going to vote for you because you didn't tell them about cows breaking wind or how they have to get an E.V. car before they're ready or whatever.But the data doesn't really support what Carville is saying. So, Joe Biden got 11 points more with men than Hillary Clinton did in 2016. They were near even, him and Trump. We know that Democrats have overperformed expectations by miles in the Biden era. The midterms, sore spot for you, every referendum, all the special elections, and now the majority with Mike Gallagher announcing that he's going to be leaving early too, it's going to be down to one for the Republicans, which basically means they'll never get anything done. And Marjorie Taylor Greene, is on the warpath again. I welcome it.In the Economist polling unit, or whatever chart. Now, Biden is ahead for the first time in seven months, which is a sea change. We'd know about the money on hand. We know about actually Joe Biden's travel which everyone likes to deny, but in the last week.WATTERS: You did a really good job, Jessica.TARLOV: Thank you.WATTERS: Well, we do have to move it along. Judge Jeanine --TARLOV: Wait, I've got one more.WATTERS: I think one of the things that they quibble with is the focus on women's issues, women of color, abortion, there's not like an act of targeting of the male demographic in the Biden campaign.TARLOV: Some men do care about women.PIRRO: Well, the guy -- the guy was absolutely a Neanderthal, OK? He is a relic from the old Democrat party. This idea that you know, the women, they're sinking Biden, the women who don't drink beer, don't eat hamburgers, don't watch football. I do all three. What does that make me?I mean, he -- they don't recognize that we are now individuals, whether you're black, white, Hispanic, a male, a woman, it doesn't matter, Asian, it doesn't matter. We're concerned about certain things. And while they want to categorize people as being the blacks feel this way, and Hispanics feel this way. I mean, we're so far past that, it's really stunning.He comes from a party that is based on hate, the hate that is infused all of the energy into all of those criminal charges against Donald Trump that are in the end baseless and that we're in time so that the man could not run for office. It is election interference.So, if you don't fit in a box to this guy Carville -- by the way, is he still married to Mary Matalin?TARLOV: Yes.PIRRO: How is that marriage going?TARLOV: Great.PIRRO: How do you know?TARLOV: I mean, because they're not divorced, and they seemed happy.PIRRO: Well, that's the answer.WATTERS: Jessica knows how the relationship is. Dana, the Judge might be right. He may be a relic. But sometimes relics can be right.PERINO: Look, he's right. He's the wrong messenger. Because clearly, the Democrats aren't going to listen to him. He's been out there. But he's -- he has instincts. And what did he say in the 90s? He said, it's the economy, stupid. And then we've been talking about that for 30 years.You know, he can pinpoint on things, like Trump in some ways, he can pinpoint an issue and focus on it and knows exactly how to bring it up. He's basically saying what we all know.So, on the data point, in 2016, the Hillary Clinton campaign in Michigan was saying, guys, we really need her to come visit here, we're really behind, we really need some help. And in Brooklyn, they said, oh, the data says you're fine. Like, actually, no, I'm telling you on the ground here is bad. Like, no, the data is fine. Like using Waze rather than your instincts because you don't know how to get home.And the other thing that's interesting is not only like the climate change stuff, and E.V.s and all of that. I also think this is hurting the Democratic Party on is -- on the issue of Israel.You had people like the Squad and AOC, go on television this weekend. And she said, Israel is doing genocide. It's also committing genocide. As she said, we have to stop them.And in any normal universe, you'd have Democrats come out and push back on that. But instead, they're just silent. And what is the Biden administration doing? Backpedaling as quickly as they can away from Israel this week because they want to help the Squad, when they're just basically not talking to the rest of the Democrats. I think Carville is absolutely right.WATTERS: Greg, you raised this very issue just two weeks ago, and it's true. He watched THE FIVE and steal your thunder.GUTFELD: I think he did. And you're welcome, Mr. Carville. There's a -- I think there's a lot of misery right now in the Democratic Party. And I think it's the identity stupid as you should say.I think what happened was, they replaced the self-evident with the self- identifying, right? When yourself -- when you are self-evident, you have a grounding and a foundation. And when you replace it with self-identifying, you end up with 72 genders. There's no foundation for you. And it's like an infinite regress. That's why you have all these peoples gone, but if you pan gender, then I'm going to be gender fluid, then I'm going to be x gender, then I'm going to be two spirit.And it's because they can't seem to find a foundation in their lives. Women may be the better half but in the party, men are still half and they're really good at stuff that the Democrats have deemed problematic.Men know this, but they're afraid of these preachy females. We are, we don't want to be yelled at. But when you start looking at what happens when the outside -- outsized empathy is directed at the latest cause, without any controls in place, you end up with what's happening at the border, the crime epidemic, the squatting, and a lot of these things are harming women in a way. That's why I say it's more like self-harm.Men, this is where I'm going to become a peacemaker. Right? Men understand their flaws. We are ambivalent about feelings, we insult people, we joke around, we think about the Roman Empire a lot and women wonder why. We are consumed by fantasies of self-defense, what would I do in that -- in that, you know, situation. We live to protect, it's in our genes.But those flaws are all intertwined, you know. And part of that is we don't suffer empathy without analysis. So, it's time for women in the Democratic Party to do the same thing. You don't know everything. You have great benefits, but you also have flaws. And you cannot do this alone. But at this rate, you will.WATTERS: Let us protect you, Jessica. Let us.GUTFELD: -- once in a while.,WATTERS: Let us and don't yell at us, because then we'll ignore you.TARLOV: Don't put your finger in my face.WATTERS: Coming up, it's the end of the world for the liberals over at NBC after the network dared to hire a Republican.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: The liberal media can't stand the idea of having a different point of view on their air. Host at by NBC and MSNBC completely losing it after NBC News hired the former chair of the Republican National Committee, Ronna McDaniel as a contributor.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, HOST, MSNBC: We weren't asked our opinion of the hiring but if we were, we would have strongly objected to it for several reasons.MIKA BRZEZINSKI, CO-HOST, MSNBC: We hope NBC will reconsider its decision. It goes without saying that she will not be a guest on Morning Joe in her capacity as a paid contributor.CHUCK TODD, CHIEF POLITICAL ANALYST, NBC NEWS: I think our bosses owe you an apology for putting you in this situation. When NBC made the decision to give her NBC News's credibility, you got to ask yourself what does she bring NBC News.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And now, the DNC is getting in on the outrage saying in a statement, "There should be no debate about the truth in our political discourse. Ronna McDaniel is a proven liar and has no place in an honest and objective conversation about the future of this country." But Ted Cruz is saying not so fast. The Texas Senator is calling out the hypocrisy by pointing out that many pundits on Liberal networks were once employed by a Democratic White House.All right, Dana, I don't quite remember a backlash uh quite like this when NBC hired I think it was Michael Steele who was also the former RNC chair. Is this just the way they are today?PERINO: Well, I think also because remember he was -- he was not for Trump, so -PIRRO: That is enough?PERINO: I think so. I guess. I mean, here's my point. I'm for more voices not fewer. I think that is helpful anywhere. And if your bosses and the company has decided that this is a person we want to have as a part of our team, then either keep your mouth shut, don't book her if you don't want her on your show, or say hi, welcome. Would you like to have lunch, talk things through?Like, I don't I don't understand the vitriol and the animosity. If they do let her go and cut ties, she'll probably -- that'll be faster than Scaramucci was fired from the White House, and she might benefit from it.PIRRO: Greg, I can't remember the last time an employee actually reprimanded a boss and demand an apology for hiring someone they didn't like.GUTFELD: I would almost applaud this except that I know that this is totally personal. By the way, do you -- what is Meet the Press? Is that on -- is that on cable?WATTERS: I think it's on Sunday.GUTFELD: Is it on Sunday? I don't know. You know, he was let go, right, of Meet the Press, wasn't he? He was let go and that was his successor, Kristen Welker. So, I think he was trolling her. Like, he was -- he was basically saying, you know, if I was there, this never would have happened. That's why -- you could see her face when she was looking at him. Like, what are you doing? What are you saying? It was a -- and basically he was trying to get back at that.But I think I speak for most of America. Like, who the -- who cares about these people? This is Media theater. It reminds me of when they used to replace the character in a soap opera with a new actor --PERINO: Worse.GUTFELD: -- but it was the same character?TARLOV: Yes.GUTFELD: Right? So, the role is the same, the lines will be delivered, the actors will perform their duties. No one will be the least surprising. These people are all soaking in the same goo of elitism. They're all beltway boobs. It's like you're not going to get -- you're never going to be surprised by anything on MSNBC, so I say who cares.PIRRO: But Jesse, I'm curious as to what you say. Who's going to represent the voice of half of America, all the people who voted for Donald Trump or do they just not care about what other people say?WATTERS: No one is allowed to represent the voice on NBC. That's the whole point. NBC has gone for what, five years on these countless hours telling everybody MAGA Republicans are extremists, they're insurrectionists, they have to be deplatformed, they have to be censored, and you have to investigate them and prosecute them and not allow them to have a voice.So, all of a sudden NBC brass hires one of them and it blows up the entire narrative that Morning Joe and these guys have been selling forever. So, the brass doesn't even either maybe watch Morning Joe or they don't believe what Morning Joe is selling because they're like, yes, Ronna is available, all right, it's an election year, let's do it. She gives us access, a little balance, sign the check.And now, we're hearing what, that the inmates are running the asylum, and they might actually cancel her contract and not put her on. OK, that just tells me NBC is not a business, it is a political operation.PIRRO: Yes. Jessica, you're a First Amendment proponent. Do you think that NBC made the right decision hiring Ronna McDaniel?TARLOV: Well, I can only afford my very high rent because Fox believes in having opposition voices, so I do think that's incredibly important. And obviously, great respect for the First Amendment. And I feel that it is important to have representatives from a party that actually represent the party versus never-Trump Republicans who are not telling you anything about what's going on inside the Republican Party at this moment. It is a small faction that does decide elections so you should hear from some who says I voted for Trump in 2016 but I switched to Biden in 2020.But Ronna McDaniel offers incredible access which is definitely a huge part of this and it's an election year as Jesse said, but she's not a regular Republican, she's not a regular opposition voice, not only just because of how powerful she was in the job that she held but she is someone who flies in the face of what has become the core ethos over at NBC and MSNBC from refusing to say that Joe Biden freely and fairly won that election to getting on the phone with Donald Trump and calling up GOP officials in Michigan and pressuring them not to certify the election results.And so, we all know this. If you tune in to MSNBC, you are going to hear about January 6th a lot. You are going to hear about how important --PIRRO: OK.TARLOV: No. not OK. I'm not done .It is core to their ethos there, it is core to their viewership that that is one of the most important sins that has been committed against the country. And then to go out and hire someone who has participated in it and made no apologies -- if you want to have her on and say every interview is going to start with why did you call up those officials and pressure them not to certify the results when we know how people voted in Michigan, or why did you say that you don't know that Joe Biden actually won that election, that's one thing. But if you're just going to greet her like a normal opposition voice like me just run-of-the- mill establishment Democrat, I don't think that that's correct and it probably is a bad business decision for them.PIRRO: So, then you must agree that someone like Letitia James who says that Trump was an illegitimate president, she should be sanctioned some way for saying the president was illegitimate.TARLOV: If she was offered a $300,000 or whatever.PIRRO: She's the Attorney General of the State of New York.TARLOV: Why are you playing whataboutism?PIRRO: Well, you're the one who's bringing up January 6th. All right, go ahead, Dana.TARLOV: But Ronna McDaniel has a part in what happened with January 6th. This is being investigated.PERINO: I would just say -- I just want to say one thing. If you watch that interview with r and if you watch what happened with Jim Jordan on Lesley Stahl last night on 60 Minutes, you see there's a shifting in the media on one particular issue which is you can believe that the election was won by Biden. I do. I've said that all along from the beginning. But I also think that there were of course obviously some problems within the election when you had had the election during COVID, with state laws that were changed immediately. And so, all of a sudden if you say, yes, of course, there were things that were not great and we should fix those things, you're an election denier. That doesn't -- that doesn't work.But you watch the media is trying to shift a little bit so that everybody who says we should make sure that, you know, ballot harvesting is not abused, then you're an election denier. That's not the -- that's not the case but that's what they're trying here.TARLOV: But what about calling out the officials and saying change their votes.PERINO: I didn't call any officials. I'm just saying --TARLOV: I know. But that's what she did.PERINO: -- that's what the media is saying now. I'm not talking about Ronna McDaniel. I'm talking about how the media is framing the questions now and what they've done that we saw it on NBC and 60 Minutes just last night.PIRRO: All right, up next --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): What is carbon dioxide?GUS SCHUMACHER, OLYMPIC SKIER: I'm -- I went to high school but that's -- carbon dioxide is a gas.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Democrats expert witness gets embarrassed during a climate hearing.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: A hearing on climate change went downhill after an expert witness struggled answer basic questions on the environment. A cross-country Olympic skier getting grilled on the effects of carbon dioxide on our planet.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KENNEDY: What is carbon dioxide?SCHUMACHER: I'm -- I went to high school but that's -- carbon dioxide is a gas.KENNEDY: You want us to abolish it, right?SCHUMACHER: No. There's always going to be carbon dioxide.KENNEDY: Is it the major part of our atmosphere?SCHUMACHER: It's a huge part of our atmosphere, yes.KENNEDY: It's actually a very small part of our atmosphere.SCHUMACHER: Well, OK. But -- yes, I don't know --(END VIDEO CLIP).TARLOV: Dana, you have head-in-palm. Would you like to elaborate?PERINO: Well, I just -- I want -- that was excellent T.V., I have to say. And that probably one of the most entertaining hearings that we've seen. Sheldon Whitehouse called the hearing. And if you call a hearing, you call the witness. And the witness you should prepare. And the witness should actually know like the basics of the science of which he is going to be called upon to do this. It was absolute malpractice to put him up there.And when you know that Senator Kennedy is on your committee and you don't prepare a guy like this -- and also what's the -- what -- it's like having Greta Van -- Whatchamacallit -- what her name?TARLOV: Thunberg?PERINO: Thunberg, yes.GUTFELD: Greta Van Thunberg?TARLOV: No Van.TARLOV: Sorry, sorry, sorry. It's been a long day. It's a Monday. But Greta Thunberg coming to lecture all of us about climate change and she is a child and -- well, not a child anymore. And you -- and if you said anything, then you were the one that was in trouble.Plus, this follows another pattern which is you have all these kids who are so upset so they're bringing lawsuits against American oil and gas companies. And some of these courts are actually giving them the go-ahead like the Hawaii court. It's like what are you doing? Why are you doing this to American energy companies? It's because of children.TARLOV: So, Jesse, the -- I think what he wanted to convey, right, is that rising temperatures -- and we've seen the increase obviously in artificial snow having to be used for winter sports is a climate problem because it ended up going this way. Do you think anyone heard any of that messaging from the witness' side?WATTERS: No, Jessica. I noticed that crime is up. Does that make me an expert on crime? That's this guy always claimed to fame. He's an expert because he notices there's less snow.TARLOV: Well, no.WATTERS: OK, I noticed there's less criminals behind bars. Now, am I going to testify in front of Congress? It doesn't make any sense. I will say though, I had noticed the weather is changing. I don't know why. I don't know how but it's warmer in the winter and it snows less, OK. But here's what the Democrats want us to do. They say give me all of your money so then we can spend it to save the world. OK, well, how does that happen? Oh, they're just going to give it to donors to build windmills, EVs, and solar panels that don't work very well and that nobody wants. Their donors get rich and nothing changes.TARLOV: I forgot about that of our platform.WATTERS: So, I don't think anybody is being convinced by the Democrats when it comes to climate change, so now they're just bringing in skiers that notice there's less snow.TARLOV: Greg?GUTFELD: Well, I mean, so according to science, every fraction warmer makes the planet more livable overall. Wet -- cold weather kills more people than warm weather. That is a fact. So, I'm sorry if this elitist cross-country skier is not getting his packed snow, it's helping the rest of us. I kind of felt sorry for him but then it is the Senate Dem's fault for bringing him and calling him a highly credible witness.And remember that we paid for that, right? He didn't come on his own dime, I'm pretty sure. So, we paid to have that guy on and we're probably going to pay to hear Tony Hawk tell us about immigration. It just shows you that these -- I think -- here's my theory. I think somebody in the Senate had a crush on him. Why else --PERINO: Like a staffer?GUTFELD: Yes, a staffer had a crush on him.PERINO: Well, they went to college with him.GUTFELD: Yes. Well, he didn't --PERINO: Oh, high school. Sorry, sorry, sorry.GUTFELD: Yes, yes. There's a backstory to this and I'll be talking about it live on "SPECIAL REPORT."TARLOV: Judge?PIRRO: Why do we have a 23-year-old -- albeit he's good-looking and all that, but why do we have a 23-year-old talking before Congress when we spend billions of dollars and we've got scientists and experts and all kinds of people who can address this issue, and we bring in this guy.This guy who knows nothing about anything and he's part of the climate cult, like the people who are going into museums and the people who are on the roads trying to prevent everybody from going forward. They're empty and they're uninformed. And I've got -- I've got a tidbit for you. Skiers like him are leaving forever chemicals on the snow and on the land. Why? Because, I've been a skier my whole life, you wax your skis and that destroys the earth and the environment. So, you know what? They ought to keep their mouth shut and just leave it to the experts.PERINO: And get a NordicTrack.GUTFELD: He was way ahead of his skis.PIRRO: Oh.TARLOV: Ahead, why people are getting high just to fly.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Nervous flyers are getting high before taking to the sky. Passengers traveling on Boeing planes are turning to anti-anxiety meds in prayer to get through their flights after a string of problems that followed the Alaska Airlines door plug blowout earlier this year.Dana, what do you do to stay calm on a flight? Do you do any kind of spiritual preparations?PERINO: I mean, I look at Peter because he's a good flyer and he's been on --GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: -- he's traveled so much. And then I just look at him and I'm like, is this a problem? He'll be like, no, it's not a problem, just chill out. But you brought this up years and years ago. Remember you said you want someone to come to your house --GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: -- knock you out, put you on the plane --PIRRO: No.PERINO: -- and have you wake up when you are at your destination.GUTFELD: Just stack everybody like you know, bakery cakes.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: And then they just like wheel you out. The next thing you know you're at your -- you're at your hotel, Judge. I would have made a lot of money off that.PIRRO: You would have. But I'd prefer to second seat the pilot. Yes, but actually today -- yesterday for a little bit. How -- why you -- why they -- well, Boeing -- look, if it's Boeing, I'm not going, OK. That's the end of it.WATTERS: If it's Boeing, I'm not going.PIRRO: That's the end of it.PERINO: That's airbus' new logo.GUTFELD: Yes.TARLOV: I think it's weird when CEOs say, oh, we're having this huge problem so I'm going to resign in nine months. Like, why don't you go today?PERINO: Well, they have to have a -- oh, yes. Who cares what -- who cares what the actual rational explanation?TARLOV: I want to hear it.PERINO: I'm the only one trying.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: Wait a minute. Is it Boeing where the guy suicide who was going to leak some information -- talk about some information?TARLOV: Yes.PIRRO: That's why he's pulling out. It could be -- but I don't know.GUTFELD: Jesse, is this about time to call Dr. Siegel to get a prescription?WATTERS: Greg, I flew with you once. You didn't care if it was Boeing, Spirit. You didn't care what the engine looked like.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: You were feeling very good before you got on that plane.GUTFELD: That's because I did some prayers before.WATTERS: Yes. You were --(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: You were intoxicated by God.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. All right, are you done?WATTERS: Are you?GUTFELD: No. Let's have a steering contest.PIRRO: We're done.GUTFELD: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Judge.PIRRO: OK, coming up on Fox Nation, you have to see this, the Menendez brothers. You remember them from the late 80s that they were indicted for shooting their mother and their father. We did a special for Fox Nation on this. And the -- what's so amazing about this, and you have to see it, and I have the original detective from the case and one of the psychoanalyst, psychotherapists as well, but the issue of course had to do with whether or not one of the brothers or both of them were sexually molested. You're not going to believe this. The judge would not allow testimony of that sexual molestation.And so, those young men are now in their 50s. They've been in prison, life without parole. You've got to see this Fox Nation Menendez Brothers: Monsters or Misunderstood.PERINO: It sounds excellent. Greg.GUTFELD: All right, tonight, what a show we have. Remember Tom Shillue? I do. Charly Arnolt, Joe DeVito, Kat Timpf. That's tonight. Hey, let's do this. Greg's Absolutely Disgusting News now with Retson (PH). All right, let's go to the Nashville Zoo, something truly repulsive. Check out this disgusting fanaloka.PERINO: Gross.GUTFELD: It's a tiny male pup of fanaloka. It's the zoo's fifth spotted fanaloka at the Nashville Zoo.PIRRO: It's adorable.GUTFELD: They're nocturnal animals, native to Madagascar, thoroughly repulsive, disgusting. Their diet includes mammals, reptiles, and Jesse Watters' hair.WATTERS: Oh, cute.TARLOV: It's so cute.PERINO: Hey, I'll go -- I'll go quickly. Age is just a number. That is especially true for a basketball player, Bruce Rubin. He's 80 years old. He still plays pickup basketball games at his local gym. He's looking for people to join his team in 2009. He's recruiting players for 2025. Also Perino On Politics this week with Charles Payne. Jesse.WATTERS: Thanks for everybody showing up and seeing me in my book signings over the weekend in New Jersey. Dana was there and of course Fritz. There's Fritz. If anybody was wondering, Fritz was in the house. I punched that man wearing a Gutfeld shirt. That's the rule. Also, many people trying to have me run for president. I mean, how many shirts did we see? A lot of those.GUTFELD: They want you to get assassinated.WATTERS: Obviously still availability, Fort Myers, Beach Haven, Vero Beach. Tonight, we're debuting the "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" JFK Series.PIRRO: Very nice.PERINO: Wow, that would be a burner. Jessica, you get more time next time.TARLOV: I'm excited.PERINO: That's it for us. Have a great night! Hey, Bret!