SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: We hope you'll set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever missed an episode of Hannity. But I do have good news. Let not your hearts be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Thank you for being with us. Have a great night.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. How you doing? Happy Valentine's Day, everyone. You know, before we get to the monologue, we actually intersected some celebrity Valentine's Day cards and we thought we'd share them with you. First up; Dear Valentine, if you really love me, you'd buy one of my awful books. Love, Brian Kilmeade. Happy Valentine's to the best brother ever. Love, Ilhan Omar.EMILY COMPAGNO, "OUTNUMBERED" CO-HOST: Oh, my gosh.GUTFELD: Happy Valentine's. I'd kiss you if my face could move. Love, Nancy Pelosi. Happy Valentine, Joe, but I'm not your sister. Love, Jill Biden. And Happy Valentine, bllurghghghghgafimp! Love, Joe Biden. All right. Thank you, courtesy laugh. Feel like I'm at a golf match. All right, to the monologue. So on this Valentine's Day, I'm afraid I have to break some bad news about our President. America, he's just not that into you. Because if Joe continues to neglect this relationship of ours, we're seeing the results of his terrible presidency.Unchecked illegal migration, crime running rampant, inflation off the hook, the chances of World War III are growing faster than a stain on Joe's pants. And yet the news coming from our government is a kaleidoscope of catastrophes which Biden in the media are still trying to frame as progress. For the past week we've been led to believe it's Biden's age that's the issue.But is it really? There are plenty of old dudes doing fine all over, like Steve Doocy and Peter Doocy. So it's not just Joe's age that's the root of the country's problems, it's neglect of our basic systems. Let's take the border, hell, everybody else does. On Tuesday, the House voted to impeach Alejandro Mayorkas over his handling of the migrant crisis. But that's more overdue than that book I stole from the library. It's for height, people.Now it's the first time they've impeached a cabinet secretary since 1876. That was back when Joe was in diapers, or rather back when he started wearing diapers. Of course, to criticize the vote saying history will not look kindly on House Republicans for their blatant act of unconstitutional partisanship. He called it unconstitutional after having a long conversation with Ruth Bader Ginsburg. She's dead, just so you know. Now the Democratic controlled Senate will likely dismiss the charges.But the issue isn't going away and neither are 10 million illegal immigrants. Especially since Joe Biden's job growth numbers are likely built on illegals. According to the Center of Immigration Studies, all employment growth has gone to immigrants compared to 2019. In other words, maybe they are taking our jobs. No joke. Here's the latest promo for Fox and Friends.Wow, they have more tattoos than Ainsley. And wait to hear stories like this one out of Boston, where virtuous souls are taking the migrants into their own homes and turning them into slave labor. One woman took in a Haitian woman and even boasted that it's like having her own personal chef. Yeah, when Dems say build back better, I guess they mean with indentured servants. I just hope that doesn't give any ideas to America's cotton industry. Little cotton joke.So, yeah, migrants, they're the pets that walk themselves. But maybe she's onto something, maybe I can get my own personal masseuse. You know, the one I had before it just left, and thankfully, I'm being ruled out as a suspect in his disappearance so far. So we keep being told things are great. You know, it's like, we're Madonna and we just asked our assistant how the plastic surgery looks. But it's anything but great.You want cause and effect? If the cause is uncontrolled immigration, here's the effects. Denver's slashing all city services to pay for the migrants, including its Police and health departments. 911 now requires reservations. New York City cuts services across the board, including potentially cancelling the next four police least academy classes and I love those movies.New York State is spending twice as much on services for each migrant than on homeless vets. Chicago homeless shelters are so overrun migrants have been sleeping in Police stations, city buses and airport terminals at O'Hare. They live there with no ID or vetting. Yeah, but make sure you don't have a four ounce bottle of shampoo. And in Callie, Newsom extended government run health care to all illegals while legal Californians face growing weights for medical services as the state projects a $68 billion deficit.If that sentence were any more backwards, it would read 'hot is Greg.' I don't like you people. And how have many of these illegals been repaying us? They've attacked cops in Times Square, which is yet another job Americans already do. They shot at tourists and cops right outside this very studio as we were leaving. You know, thank God my assistant shielded me from the bullets.COMPAGNO: No.GUTFELD: Now that's one less job review. Now they run shoplifting, chain snatching and organized crime gangs, riding mopeds, literally dragging women through the streets. And it was a stolen moped, which means there's now one virgin who can't get to the library. They started human trafficking rings that brand women behind their years suddenly, as what as Trump one said to great outrage, they aren't sending their best.He was right, because that includes a major Venezuelan prison gang. True, Venezuelan President Maduro is a commie thug who hates us emptied out his prisons and sent his bad guys here, and he's not taking them back. Seems like a solvable problem. Why not put them in sacks, marked foreign aid and send them to Ukraine.Of course, the New York Times recently ran a piece trying to highlight how Republicans are the problem. Right. So illegal immigration is good, but it's still the fault of evil Republicans that we can't stop it. You know what's funny, all these idiots telling us to tighten the border now are the same people who told us there was no border problem just months ago. Hmm. I wonder what changed. Well, and elections coming up and Joe looks like (BEEP). But also, we've learned once again that the whole is always greater than the sum of its parts.For example, a pair of glasses and hair extensions on their own would have no value, but put it together and you can make a career. But also an unfettered migrant crisis, plus rising crime, plus a depletion of resources equals America at its breaking point. Hell, even a drunk woman could do the math. Wake up, people.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. I bet he's glad he's not the governor, former Congressman, Lee Zeldin. We told her to keep all our answers to under an hour. Host of the Fox True Crime podcast, Emily Compagno. He picked up his Valentine from high school today. Comedian Jim Florentine. And for Valentine's Day, she got an ankle bracelet from the Police. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf.You know, Lee, the defense is so pathetic of Mayorkas that they say they'll say a poor job performance isn't a criteria for impeachment. So they're even saying he sucks. But you still can't impeach him. How did it -- how did he get so far? And why do they not care?LEE ZELDIN, FMR GOP CONGRESSMAN: I think for the Biden Administration, for the Democrats Mayorkas is actually doing his job. It was with the directive of the White House that they got rid of title 42 without a replacement, that they got rid of the remain in Mexico policy. They stopped construction of the border wall, started attacking the Customs and Border Patrol agents. They end up ramping up catch and release. This was all by design.Now the rest of us who have a problem with the millions of people coming into the country during the Biden Administration were saying that this is your -- this is unconstitutional that you are not following the laws and the rules and the constitution not protecting the people. But getting back to your question. I think that Mayorkas by design, in the Biden Administration's mind, he's actually doing his job.GUTFELD: Yeah. And I guess if that's counting against the job numbers, that's a win-win for them. I just came up with that. I have a stutter.ZELDIN: And looking for votes.GUTFELD: Yeah, Emily, the Dems are in the media are calling this impeachment political. Isn't that interesting? When is it not political? I mean they impeached Trump twice, for -- for political reasons.COMPAGNO: And the irony to me is that this is -- this actually a tool that Congress can use upon realizing or determining that someone has abdicated their duty. And so for, for the President to call it political, the whole point is the tool is baked into the fabric of our country, right. The whole point is this the checks and balance against someone who has totally utterly failed at their job. But keep in mind, this is the same president that called the Hur report, a smear hacker, a political smear job. So obviously, this guy has a problem with the truth. Can I focus for a moment just on what you said in the intro about California?GUTFELD: No.COMPAGNO Please.GUTFELD: OK.COMPAGNO: Just a quick second.GUTFELD: Yeah.COMPAGNO: Because I'm definitely afraid of the inevitable Gavin Newsom machine that's going to replace the Crypt Keeper.GUTFELD: Yeah.COMPAGNO: And I want us all to be -- to understand what that looks like. So California is facing a $60 billion deficit. That's what you said. And keep in mind that their largest expenditure is Health and Human Services. That's almost a billion dollars under that -- what do you think falls under that? The Medicare and all of the what they're now extending to illegal immigrants.And you contrast that, only three, only 15 percent of Californians can afford homes. 3 million Californians cannot afford the internet. And yet we have someone at the helm there who tells us it's about care, not cash. And it's about amplifying and lifting up black and brown people who are the ones being totally pushed out of that Medicare system in the state of California. The ass backwards existence of that state and it being deteriorated into the deteriorated into the toxic cesspool that it is, is because of him. So we all have to watch out. Lock your doors.GUTFELD: I like -- I like it when you do this, Emily.COMPAGNO: Me too.GUTFELD: Because you get to see your triceps. You've been doing -- you've been doing --COMPAGNO: It's not intentional.GUTFELD: Very good. Dips. You've been doing dips? Try move on. All right. All right.COMPAGNO: Yeah, move on.GUTFELD: Well, yeah, Jim, you -- some say you're a very giving person. Would you be willing to take some migrants into your house, your spacious house?JIM FLORENTINE, COMEDIAN: No. I don't even like if I have people over for dinner, and they stay for dessert too long. I wouldn't allow it.GUTFELD: True. It is awkward to have strangers in your house and they can't speak English.FLORENTINE: I just had a Super Bowl party. And after the game, people are still hanging out and I'm like, go. It's over. Let's move on.GUTFELD: And those are your kids. This is my home, Jim.FLORENTINE: No. But what Emily was saying about California, like, I think if you're a California resident, it's probably easier, if you sneak into Mexico, change your name, then come back over as illegal immigrant, you'll get a better job and you get free health care.GUTFELD: Yeah, that's true. That's true. If you have like an expensive surgery, you can't, -- oh, no, if you want to change your gender, you can just go into the border, come out, and then you can get it for free. Have you thought about that?FLORENTINE: I have, but I'm only going to do a one change my gender. So I'm trying to get a special on Netflix; a comedy special. So as a white male, the only chance I got is if I change my gender.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: So I'm going to wait for that.GUTFELD: Yeah, that's a good thing. I was going to say if you ever get arrested, and you know you're going to jail, then change your gender.FLORENTINE: Then I change my gender. Then I can have some fun in jail.GUTFELD: Exactly.FLORENTINE: I don't have to fend off a bunch of guys.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. All right, Kat. What do you -- I don't have a question for you.KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: That's what you're going with?GUTFELD: Yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you think here about the impeachment thing? I guess my question is, you know, they've been doing the Dems have been doing it and maybe it's like time to bring a gun to a gunfight, you know.TIMPF: I just I couldn't agree more with the political thing, because it is politics, right. But when you, for example, Biden was also saying that the bill, they didn't pass this bill. If this was really that big of an issue, they wouldn't have shoved all this other stuff like Ukraine funding and did bill that was a political move.GUTFELD: Right.TIMPF: And to me, it's always a good thing when they don't just like push a bill through that no one's really gotten the chance to read or consider yet. I think that that's always a good thing. To accuse other people playing politics when you're playing politics, everybody knows it, too. Nobody's like, you know what, the Republic they're playing politics with this country. Every -- everybody , we all know that this is what's going on. Everyone's exhausted by it. And the whole, like, history will gloss over -- I think history is going to gloss over this.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: OK like there's a lot of other (BEEP) going on right now. Maybe like an extra credit question, but it's like nobody says, OK, now what? Everybody likes to take the time to say, oh, they did this. They did this. Now what are we going to do? Because you haven't noticed, there's a bit of a situation going on.GUTFELD: You know that you made me think that I should be reading history books that are out that talk about the 2000s because I haven't, and that's the stuff I would remember. I wonder what they do cover.TIMPF: Yeah.GUTFELD: You know, like, what did kids learn about like the Iraq war? What did they learn? Like what did they like -- there could be things that we think are extremely important that are completely glossed over, right.TIMPF: I think so, yeah.FLORENTINE: Nobody's going to care about in n 10 years, this impeachment. It's not going to go through; he's not going to get convicted.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: You know, they'll be talking about how many times they showed Taylor Swift on a Super Bowl.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: In 10 years. It was 58 times.GUTFELD: Yeah, exactly. And I loved her little friend, Little Orphan Annie.ZELDIN: And just to add, by the way that Ukraine bill actually had more money for Ukraine's border than our own border.GUTFELD: Yeah.ZELDIN: And one thing for this entire Biden Administration, he showed that he had the power to open the border.GUTFELD: Right.ZELDIN: So this whole thing that Congress needs to give him a power in order to close, it is (BEEP). We all know that you have the power right now, you proved it by using those powers to open it in the first place.GUTFELD: You're assuming he still knows he's president. All right. Up next; in a rare display NATO members agreed to pay.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Thank you. All right. Will NATO pay their fair share if the next pres has orange hair? NATO announced its European members will hit the agreed upon spending target this year? How nice of them. They're agreeing to pay what they owe us. But I guess we should be grateful. It's like the illegals I keep in my basement finally acknowledging the free gruel I provide. It comes after Trump's comments suggesting the U.S. might not defend NATO allies against Russia, if they fail to contribute 2 percent of their GDP to NATO defense.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: And I said everybody's going to pay they said, well, if we don't pay, are you still going to protect us? I said, absolutely not. Well, sir, if we don't pay and we're attacked by Russia, will you protect us? I would not protect you. In fact, I would encourage them to do whatever the hell they want.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Do whatever the hell they want. I said that same thing to security when Taylor Swift refused to leave my hotel room. In fact, one of Trump's former national security advisors Keith Kellogg revealed plans for a possible tiered system for NATO membership. It's kind of like how Spirit Airlines operates. If you pay more, they'll give you water. If Trump wins reelection, countries that don't pay up could have their article five protections removed.That article insurance collective defense of NATO members, meaning an attack on one is an attack on all. It's the same warthogs feel when you attack Randi Weingarten. Warthogs. This is something Germany is all too familiar with, which is why their Chancellor pledged his country's commitment to the 2 percent target. You know, sure NATO has been happy to let America pick up the tab at every turn. They're like Jesse Watters, except when they kill a hooker, they have diplomatic immunity.But now that a second Trump term is a real possibility, they suddenly start reaching for their wallets. But it makes sense. Humans are driven by incentives. If someone says pay me back whenever, whenever always means never, but attach a consequence to their inaction and you almost always get results. That's why I fired that pool boy, he would have learned his lesson if he hadn't already drowned. That was not my fault, either. Emily, is it amazing Trump's not even in office and he's influencing NATO. He is more of a president that Biden is.COMPAGNO: 100 percent. Because his word carries more weight than Biden's ever has or ever will. I just want to focus for a second on Biden's comments about this. He had the nerve to stand up and say or repeat from the prompter what someone else wrote, which was, this is shameful. This is dumb. He said this is un-American. He said when we make commitments, Americans, we stand by those commitments. And NATO, he said is a sacred commitment.And I have to point out how hollow that rings How tragic that sounds coming from this person's mouth. After we abandoned Afghanistan, we abandoned Americans in Afghanistan. We pulled out our military before every American was evacuated. We abandoned Afghan girls, we abandoned military equipment, so essentially surrendering it to China. We had conditions placed on everything we've given it, to Israel and told them to tone down their response to Hamas and Islamic Jihad.The nerve of this individual that occupies the Oval Office to come out and say that our commitments are sacred, to me, is laughable. And it's only eclipsed by the sense of disgust I have for him. Happy Valentine's Day.GUTFELD: That is quite a streak. Good for you. So, Jim, it's like I feel like Trump superpower is that he makes you think twice. Like you can't just assume anything. Like they don't -- they don't well, maybe he -- he will pull the funding. But he might. Will he, will he not -- willing not support us? And he's so the -- he gets the act because he's unpredictable.FLORENTINE: Yeah, it's amazing. All of a sudden, they're paying up just because he said that.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: That's almost like a boss and accompany saying, listen, we got some layoffs come in and all of a sudden people start working.GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: You know, that's what's going on. And look, United States, we're like the sugar daddy. We're like, hey, we'll pay all the bills. You just pay your phone bill. And then all of a sudden you don't pay the phone bill but Trump's like, what are you -- what are we doing here?GUTFELD: Yeah.FLORENTINE: You know, I'm paying everything now, I got to pay your phone bill too? So I get that he's doing that.GUTFELD: Yeah. Is it great? Isn't it fun to see? It's like even though -- even NATO thinks he's going to be president.FLORENTINE: I love it and that Germany is all of a sudden got to pay 2 percent. I don't know. I mean, I'm not a history buff but Germany paying more extra for war, never really works out for them, does it?GUTFELD: That is true. Kat, so basically bluffs work. Trump called their bluff and they -- and they folded.TIMPF: You know, what I haven't understood about the whole news cycle surrounding this comment is, if you want to make the point, you know, say that the way Trump made his point was maybe an offensive or disgusting way to make the point. I get that you can say that, but you can't say there was no point there.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: Nobody takes it a step further. OK. You feel that way? What do you think about the current situation with NATO? What do you think about the fact that you know, Europeans, they laugh at us, they make fun of us about how little time we get off. And you know, we have free health care, we have months and months, and we're just like on a boat, like smoking cigarettes, or whatever they do over there. And we're paying for all their wars.So I think that, OK, so what's your solution to this? Because it's, we can't like bent over by all of them and something should change here. They should pay. Absolutely. It's a joke.GUTFELD: Yeah, it is a joke. Lee, what say you?ZELDIN: The NATO alliance requires shared sacrifice. Everybody needs to do their part. The United States is as far away from the threats across the Atlantic as anyone part of NATO. Yet these foreign countries expect us to pay the most. And the reality is that when we are getting others to step up, it's not making NATO weaker, it's making it stronger. Demanding that these other countries pay their fair share is not an existential threat to NATO, not demanding.GUTFELD: Yes.ZELDIN: To other countries that pay their fair share that's an existential threat to NATO. And one of the things by the way, these -- these foreign countries, whenever and these foreign leaders, when they're talking about U.S. funding, I would like them to be thanking the U.S. taxpayer more than they do.GUTFELD: Right.ZELDIN: Because when it comes to U.S. foreign aid, it is Valentine's Day and Christmas and everyone else's birthday all rolled in one, every day. I would just like the U.S. taxpayer to be able to hear and feel some gratitude and appreciation from these countries.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: We should be able -- this gave me an idea. We should have a special dispensation when we travel to Europe like we get free discounts on stuff because we pay for their military. Wouldn't that be great?TIMPF: Yeah. Or at least like would you like a cigarette?GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. Exactly. Some cigarettes and some chocolate and pantyhose. All right. Up next, a lawsuit claims it was shady to out a man's mystery lady. I love this topic.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: An Airbnb he disparaged, and it nearly ruined his marriage. According to a lawsuit in Mississippi -- they have them there -- after a man left a bad review for an Airbnb he was staying at, the homeowner sent the man's wife pictures of him with another woman. Wow, remind me not to write a bad review of Larry Kudlow's hot tub.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: According to the suit, here's what went down. Back in 2022, the man rented a house in Memphis for a weekend state with old friends. But the homeowner, a woman, says the guy broke some house rules and invited extra guests over. Imagine being punished for having too many friends. Never happens to me, says one guy.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: So the homeowner tried to charge the guy an extra $960 bucks, but the guy refused to pay and left a bad review on the Airbnb site. And he says that's when she retaliated by emailing his wife a security camera photo of him and another woman, which is B.S. Call me old-fashioned, but security footage is only men for masturbating.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Ask any security guard, they'll tell you.And the worst part is, his stay ended on September 11th, so there is no way his wife will forget it.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: My birthday is September 12th. I can make that joke, I think.So he later sued the homeowner, saying his marriage suffered as a result, adding that the situation caused him extreme emotional distress, public humiliation, and mental anguish, which raises the question, how is that different than marriage?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Jim, a guy never would have done this. Even if the guy was pissed off, he never would have sent a photo to another guy, to his wife. Ti's just terrible.FLORENTINE: He wouldn't have broken the guy code.GUTFELD: Exactly.FLORENTINE: Look, he left a bad review, but also, in this woman's rules of the house, you are not allowed to pee in the pool was part of one of the rules, because they had a pool in the back. I didn't know that was a requirement. I think you pretty much know that. I don't think there's other Airbnb's where you're allowed to pee in the pool, and then if you want to take a dump, go in the hot tub.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: But that's what this guy gets for leaving a bad review, because he is messing with the woman's business. I don't believe -- you get people leave these reviews, they have been to a business 100 times, and the 101 time they didn't have a good time so they write a bad review about that. The other 100 were fine.GUTFELD: It's like Yelp gives people power who don't experience power in other avenues, so they do it in the reviews and they just crap all over people.FLORENTINE: One time they had a bad time. And it could be the mood they're in. They should measure people's moods before they come in. Go, look, you guys have a fight in the car on the way over. Get out of here. You are not getting seated. You're going to be nitpicking and finding everything. Go home and get Uber Eats. I've had enough of you.GUTFELD: Kat, whose side are you on? Did he deserve it?TIMPF: The only reason he would deserve it is because he stayed at an Airbnb. I don't know why people stay at an Airbnb. You can save money, but you pay with your soul. It's horrible. All the rules, I looked at all the rules, too. There's no vaping on the property. Bitch, why?(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: I can't vape in your backyard? And before you leave you have to strip the bed. Now I'm doing your chores for you. Whatever happens, they have so much power over you. A hotel, you can do whatever you want. You just leave the made extra money if there's a mess and I don't want to be a -- But you can send the picture. They got personal. It's just so strange. It was like all the stuff, you didn't register all the houseguests and this and this. This woman, clearly, she likes being an Airbnb host because she likes to control people, and she watches them on her security camera? I think it's creepy. I think it's weird.GUTFELD: You know what it is, Lee? The problem with Airbnb is that it's still somebody's house, so they feel like they want to make sure there was like no sign or sent that you were ever there, yet they want your money.ZELDIN: Yes, and they will fine you $300. This is one of my issues. One of the charge is $300 for moderation of your review. What the -- does that even mean?(LAUGHTER)ZELDIN: OK, grievance number one. When you connect person, karma is a bitch A, with person karma is a bitch B, it's inevitable that things are going to go wrong. Things went sideways here. But I'll say, one other complaint about the homeowner, because you're asking us to take some sides here, the homeowner in advertising the property said forget your worries. So the guy reads it. He goes there. He gets screwed. And then he ended up getting screwed.(LAUGHTER)ZELDIN: That's not fair.(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: She kept saying, I hope you have a wonderful stay. Have a great stay, and then it's just horrible. Emily, who should his wife be mad at most?COMPAGNO: Her. Here's why. I love this so much because I feel like we are totally the jury. However, just note that Airbnb has referred them to arbitration per the clause in the contract. I'll say this. When you dig into it further, this woman, the homeowner, was probably the most neurotic like, overlord -- she is probably going to sue me. The -- what is the word that just means totally out to lunch? The fantastical things that she expected of people who are, yes, in her house for a night or whatever were off the charts.But here is the best part. She claimed that he came over with more than six people and that they were loudly cussing in the driveway having a party, and that the neighbors complained and called over. He says I only had one guest, that lady. So all we have to do is pull the neighbors and look at the call records and see who is in the right.And secondly, or last, she emailed his wife via a fake email account with his name in it, and said, I love your bag in the subject line, and then was like, where'd you get it? So this lady is so crazy, there needs to be a separate criminal charge for insanity.GUTFELD: And you are a lawyer. So I will take your word for it, lawyer lady.COMPAGNO: I rule in his favor.GUTFELD: I love how you couldn't think of a word, and it turned out to be "fantastical."(LAUGHTER)COMPAGNO: I like that.GUTFELD: What's the word I'm thinking of? Oh, yes, fantastical.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Coming up, should students take a hike after a lame hunger strike?(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Yes, will temporary fasting create a piece that's lasting. Pro Hamas douchebags kept their hunger at bay, but only for a half-a-day. I speak of more than 30 Harvard students who went on a pro-Palestine hunger strike for 12 hours -- 12 hours -- to push the school to divest from companies with connections with Israel. Or as Joe Biden likes to say, the country north of Mexico.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: That's right, 12 whole hours. Wow, Emily has had longer answers than that.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And what a sacrifice. Wait until Israel hears about this. They are definitely going to reconsider everything. One dope who did the hunger strikes said "Until our universities divest, they are complicit and we are complicit -- because we pay tuition -- in the genocide in Gaza. Wrong and wrong. There isn't a genocide, and you won't pay your tuition, because chances are we'll end up doing that for you, you deadbeats. The hunger strike was in solidarity with 17 Brown University students who went on an eight-day hunger strike for the same reason. Not eating for eight whole days is a pretty big deal. Maybe not for everyone.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But definitely for most people. So I'm not sure it's fair to say 12 hours even counts as solidarity with anyone. It's like saying like you are playing "Call of Duty" in solidarity with the troops. You can't call skipping a meal a hunger strike. If that's the case, I should have gotten a Nobel Peace Prize for my colonoscopy.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Oh, the night before, they make you drink that weird stuff, Kat. You'll find out soon enough. Does 12 hours without food count as a hunger strike, Kat?TIMPF: No, I think that's normal.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: No, but I'm being serious. OK, if you are asleep for a lot of that, basically that's just you wake up and you don't eat for a couple of hours. Does everybody else just roll into an omelet and eat? I would be -- you are slightly delayed breakfast.GUTFELD: That's all they did.TIMPF: They slightly delayed breakfast.GUTFELD: They were just lying on a couch. They do what everybody else does, and they call themselves heroes.TIMPF: I guess I participated on Friday, and had no idea.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly. You are the real hero. Thank you for your service.TIMPF: Thank you.GUTFELD: Lee, I think they are doing this, they are obviously antisemitic. They're basically appropriating what Jews do regularly called shabbat, right?ZELDIN: I actually thought about that. That is something that we observe shabbat, and we --GUTFELD: Are you Jewish?ZELDIN: I am.GUTFELD: I didn't know that.ZELDIN: and I can stay, right?GUTFELD: Yes, you can stay.(LAUGHTER)ZELDIN: Other networks, other networks might kick me off. I appreciate you, Greg.(APPLAUSE)ZELDIN: A 12-hour hunger strike, it doesn't count.GUTFELD: Yes, it doesn't count. And it kind of feels like Christie, Lizzo, and Brian Stelter cooked up what a hunger strike would look like and they make it 12. But if you want to -- we're talking about Hamas sympathizers, so I felt like maybe I should offer some friendly and free advice. And to really get our attention you should probably go without food for at least a month.GUTFELD: Right.ZELDIN: Go without water for at least 10 or 14 days, and then I will be impressed.GUTFELD: There you go. That is not healthy advice, Lee.So, Emily, I love the fact that they publicized it. They thought that this vacuous virtue signaling would actually help their cause, but it always hurts.COMPAGNO: You know what I was thinking, too, that these dumbasses probably read about it, read it as "brown students" instead of Brown University students.(LAUGHTER)COMPAGNO: They were telling themselves we're totally in solidarity. It's so --GUTFELD: With the brown students.COMPAGNO: Exactly. They are such idiots. And you're right, 12 hours without food, that's like a United flight that gets delayed because no one serves food anymore.As you know, I used to be an NFL cheerleader. I drank liquid for 17 days. Hold my beer you Harvard dip --GUTFELD: You had to starve yourself to get into that uniform?COMPAGNO: No. I did not electively. Nothing to do with pressure --TIMPF: I starved myself electively.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Jim, do you love these people? Aren't they the best?FLORENTINE: It really is. They really could have made a difference. It is too bad the Israeli government did not hear about this, because if they would have heard that 30 people in America spent 12 hours without eating, they would have pulled out of the Gaza Strip.GUTFELD: Yes, definitely.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: No question. That's all they needed. We're trying to figure out how to end this thing. If they would have just known. It's good to know that if I skip breakfast one day, I don't have enough time, in the afternoon I can just tell people I'm on a hunger strike.GUTFELD: Exactly.FLORENTINE: Twelve hours.GUTFELD: Twelve hours.FLORENTINE: That's great.GUTFELD: That's nuts, man.FLORENTINE: That's how fat Americans are. If you go 12 hours without eating, that is called a protest.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: All right, up next, climate nuts oppose giving her a rose.(APPLAUSE)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five words -- roses bad for environment. Emily, a "Washington Post" columnist says the daily carbon footprint it takes to deliver roses around the world is very, very high, and we should consider alternatives. How do you feel about that? You are like process.COMPAGNO: Yes, and my middle name is Rose. So yes 100,000 times present to roses. And if their issue is that the rose industry is primarily international and it's the flights to get, then just buy roses from American florists.GUTFELD: Yes. Keep it in America.(APPLAUSE)COMPAGNO: Problem solved. Take your roses.GUTFELD: Yes, get those jobs back to America.All right, Kat, you're a chick. Did you get any Valentine's Day gifts today?TIMPF: No.GUTFELD: Nothing.TIMPF: No.GUTFELD: Nothing at all?TIMPF: No.GUTFELD: You didn't see what I left on your desk?TIMPF: I guess I will have to check.GUTFELD: I forgot to poke holes in the box so it might not be breathing.TIMPF: Roses are fine. For me, it's like, OK, what else you got? If you are not totally obsessed, then I'm not interested.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: You have to do better than that. But I mean, it is also just like, grow up. Writing the whole thing about roses. Nobody is going to stop doing it. People aren't going to stop giving people roses. I mean, the bachelor, that is a whole franchise built upon this.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.TIMPF: So the people who wrote this, somebody told them to do it, and they are like, OK, whatever.GUTFELD: It's funny, "The Washington Post" is always a buzzkill. Every holiday they'll tell you it's bad. And yet today, I got an email from "The Washington Post" for their Valentine's Day special, which was read for 50 cents a week. So they do a column -- on Valentine's Day, and then they try to get you to buy something for Valentine's Day. Didn't think I'd catch that, did you?So Jim, usually for Valentine's Day you give women herpes.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: The one good thing is I can only give it to her once. If I'm with her for two years, she already got it last year. I wish I could give it to you again, but I can't.GUTFELD: Sorry. I'm so sorry.FLORENTINE: Why are you sorry if it's true?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I just assumed. But anyway, what do you make of this carbon footprint?FLORENTINE: That's a good environmental angle so you could tell your wife or girlfriend, listen, I'm only getting you a three-dollar card for Valentine's Day. I'm thinking about the environment.GUTFELD: Yes. And I'll get the car that's made out of paper which comes from a tree.FLORENTINE: I don't even if my girl a card for Valentine's Day.GUTFELD: Because she can't read yet.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: That was a good one.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: It was a good one because you're right.(LAUGHTER)FLORENTINE: But I usually do is I'll go into a store and I will pick out a nice card while she's there. I'll go read this. And she reads it, and then I yank it out of her hand and put it back on the shelf. I saved myself $5, because they are not my words anyway.GUTFELD: They're not your words. Why do we do this, Lee? They're not even our words. Do you actually write a little poem for your wife?ZELDIN: Absolutely, from the heart. And when I go to a card store, I don't just get the first card. I look at every single card. It takes me hours. I usually have to go to four or five or six different card stores before I find perfect one. And by the way, have you gotten a Valentine's Day gift yet?GUTFELD: No I haven't.ZELDIN: Because your not-so-secret admirer, your biggest fan in the entire world wanted me to come bring something for you. And it's autographed as well. Greg, you are the funniest, handsomest, and absolute best. Your Valentine, Greg.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)ZELDIN: Happy Valentine's Day.GUTFELD: Nice surface. I know what I'll be doing later.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Don't go away. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Out of time! Thanks to Lee Zeldin, Emily Compagno, Jim Florentine, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. FOX NEWS AT NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)