SEN. CHRIS COONS (D-DE): He asked for $20 billion to deal with fentanyl, to hire more border patrol agents and to find more deportation --NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, and the big crust to that is to blame Republicans for not acting on that. That will be a tough sell, but we'll see how it goes tomorrow night.Senator Coons, always good seeing you. Thank you very much. That will do it here. THE FIVE right now.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone. I'm Dana Perino along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.So, are you ready for the sequel, Donald Trump dominating in Super Tuesday states and setting the stage for a long-anticipated 2024 rematch against President Biden. Trump's closest rival Nikki Haley bailing out of the race after losing every state but one, that was Vermont yesterday, she's refusing to directly endorse the former president right now. She says if it's up to him to win over her supporters. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO U.N.: The time has now come to suspend my campaign. It is now up to Donald Trump to earn the votes of those in our party and beyond it who did not support him. And I hope he does that.At its best, politics is about bringing people into your cause, not turning them away. And our conservative cause badly needs more people. This is now his time for choosing.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And Trump seems to be taking her up on that suggestion. He's inviting Haley supporters to, "Join the greatest movement in the history of our nation," while stressing that President Biden is the enemy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They call it Super Tuesday for a reason. This is a big one. They're going to do something that, frankly, nobody's been able to do for a long time. He's the worst president in the history of our country. There's never been anything like what's happening to our country. We're going to win this election because we have no choice. If we lose the election, we're not going to have a country left.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: And as for that rematch, will they debate again? Donald Trump is ready and posting this on his True Social site. He said, it is important for the good of our country that Joe Biden and I debate issues that are so vital to America and the American people. Therefore, I am calling for debates, anytime, anywhere, any place. The White House isn't too sure about that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: It's possible that there will be no Joe Biden, Donald Trump debates.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Is that what you -- is that -- is that what you're excited about? Is that what you want to see? Because you keep asking me. You've asked me about three, four or five different times in different ways. And I have -- and I have said --DOOCY: How would President Biden do in a debate? I'm not asking you a question about a specific debate. I'm just asking how would he do in a debate?JEAN-PIERRE: OK, can I just say something you literally saw just last year back in January 2023 at the last State of the Union, take on Republicans during giving a major speech, he took them on as they were heckling him.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: OK, let's take it around the table. I'll start with you, Greg.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, she acts like asking you about the debate is like you're -- it's some kind of petty question. It's like the most important question, is he going to face off against Trump?Why is Trump doing so well? The Democrats, that's why. They have bad policy and no error correction, because to correct an error in their policy means that you have to admit to agreeing to something that the other side might have been pushing.So, you can't be for a strong border, because you already said it was a moral evil. So, you've assigned that belief a costume of bigotry, therefore, you painted yourself in a corner. And it's not -- it's not just the border, its crime, its gender affirmation therapy. There's -- on every issue, they have filled it with some kind of moral outrage. So now they can't back away from it.Trump is excelling because of this message discipline. And how did that happen? The Democrats, they gobbled up all this extra free time that Trump had with court filings and lawsuits. 91 indictments created the best political campaign going because it's narrow Trump's focus and has to -- its forced him to keep him on message just because of time constraints.So, thank you, Democrats for doing what Republicans have been trying to do for years, which is keep Trump focus.The only thing that you know about Trump is everything. No stone is left unturned, right? The most transparent, vetted grilled candidate in history. The opposite is Biden. The only thing you know about Joe, is that he's not in charge. And after that, it's pretty much of a mystery. They won't even tell you who's calling the shots.Instead, they laugh at your concerns. We'll talk about that, as he hobbles around in a cloud of confusion hoping that you won't notice.PERINO: What did you notice from last night?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, it was a good night for Donald Trump and I'm going to predict that in a couple of weeks you are going to see Nikki Haley down at Mar-a-Lago with her thumbs up because that's how this always ends. You do the pilgrimage, whether it's McCarthy, Musk, DeSantis, they always wind up down at Mar-a-Lago standing next to the big guy. And that's how you have to unify the country.What does Nikki Haley want is the question, they have to unify, so what does she want? She's going to have to endorse. The endorsements not going to come for free. Does she want to be on the ticket? Does she want Secretary of State? Do you need to even give her either of those things?And so, you have to calculate, who are Nikki Haley's voters? You discard the Democrats, you discard the Never Trumpers. So, what are you left with? You're left with traditional Republicans, moderate Republicans, or you're more urban college-educated Republicans, and you have to grab them.So, does Nikki Haley's endorsement deliver those voters? Can she persuade those voters? And I would just ask anyone who didn't vote for Donald Trump and who voted for Nikki Haley, Joe Biden is a security threat. You're going to vote for Joe Biden, who's let our country be invaded because you don't like how Donald Trump makes you feel?People have to stop worrying so much about how they feel and figure out what the country is actually doing. Donald Trump didn't hurt anybody for four years, he hurt their feelings. That's not a reason not to vote for him. She is not going to play spoiler and not endorse, if she wants a future in the Republican Party, she has to endorse.PERINO: (INAUDIBLE) This morning, she said I've never not supported the nominee.WATTERS: Right. But she has to negotiate because she has leverage right now. It's how she's going to use that leverage. Donald Trump when he was running in 16 laid everybody out and then stomped on their graves, because he was running as an outsider. Now he's running as a former incumbent, he's got to be the big 10 guy. So, he's got to bring Nikki in with class. And I expect him to do that.PERINO: Harold, what about the Democrats providing what Greg was saying, which is the disciplined Donald Trump that you've seen this time around? Obviously, there's lots of experience. I was thinking that 2020 is not necessarily so much a rematch as it is between the two people. It feels more like 2016 than 2020.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Interesting. So good to be back with everybody. You did a great job last night.PERINO: Oh, you did a great job. No, you did.FORD JR.: No, you did a great job. It was a -- so, I differ just slightly in this regard. Let me tell you where I agree.WATTERS: What a surprise.FORD JR.: I'll tell you where I agree first off. First, it was a great night for President Trump. He was able to consolidate his support, he was able to squeeze out the other person running in less than 24 hours and Governor Haley.The enthusiasm gap for Republicans across the Super Tuesday states was noticeable. Not to mention the fact that President Biden saw a lot of uncommitted vote, you saw thousands and thousands in a lot of states where the margin was just those just that uncommitted vote the last time, so the Democrats going to have to figure out how you up that enthusiasm.And three, I felt last night his speech on one level was good for him. Now that the sides that are challenging, I think for both of them. Both he and Mr. Biden.Dana and I disagreed last night in one regard. I think it's incumbent upon President Trump to reach out vigorously to Governor Haley and her supporters when you're the winner. I think the magnanimous Trump the night he won Iowa was the best I saw him after a win. He talked about Governor Haley, talked about Governor DeSantis and talked about bringing his party together, whatever party you're on, you have to do that.Last night, I thought Dana gave -- where I agree with Dana gave -- you gave him great advice and the kind of speech you would have written and a speech you wish he could have delivered, one he might have been able to deliver on top of what he said, which was to look into camera and ask for debate, to look in the camera and talk about black Americans and Hispanic Americans and every American in rural and urban settings coming to his campaign. He didn't -- he didn't quite do that.Now, we shift to tomorrow. And it's Biden's turn. Biden be interesting to see what he does with the opportunity tomorrow. I think you laid a lot of that out well last night, Dana, you said he'll talk about the border. He'll blame Republicans for things. I think he's going to have to do a little more.And Judge, you and I have talked about this on the show, I think he's going to have to talk about signing an executive order. I think he should sign it before the speech not just because of the politics, but because I think it'd be great for the country, and then challenge the Congress to do more.But let's get back to President Trump. Good night, strong night. Governor Haley's out of the race now. But I think you have to reach out more to her team if you want to see that party come together and you want to Haley supporters, whether they're never Trumpers, whether they're moderate Republicans or whether they are a traditional Republicans, Bush Republicans who just couldn't -- who may not be able to stomach President Trump, you got to reach out to them in an aggressive way whether you -- whether you're a Democrat or a Republican.PERINO: I think that our disagreement was just about who should call, who Haley should call, Trump or Trump should call Haley. I do think that he should reach out to the group.FORD JR.: I agree. But I don't think -- I don't think anyone should -- he should call -- he should be calling her and not the other way around.PERINO: I disagree. OK, Judge?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: But you know, one of the things that we've seen with Democrats is they are always united no matter what. They are united to the point where they've lost their credibility by saying, you know, this guy is wonderful, he's going to be great as a President again, you know, he's got so much energy, he's got it all together.And, you know, to the point where I think they actually have lost their own credibility, that's how united they are, they'll put their own believability on the line.And among independents, only 20 percent think that Biden has unified the country. Right now, Donald Trump has the opportunity to bring in those disappointed individuals who want a more unified country.Now, as it relates to Nikki Haley. You know, I'm disappointed because I was very complimentary of her in the beginning, I thought she talked about issues that other people couldn't articulate as well as she did.And then all of a sudden, she became Chris Christie. All of a sudden, she was just hitting Trump anytime she could. And you know, if you recall, I think it was in the 2020 election. McCain took a long time. I think Ari Fleischer made this point, to come out and endorse Bush, and that was one of the closest elections.And I think if she takes too long, then I think it's going to hurt. And so, the question is who reaches out? I honestly think that Nikki Haley to me is like Liz Cheney, she's gone so far over the edge in destroying Donald Trump that I don't know that there's a lot of hope. But with Donald Trump, anything is possible, and he knows what he's got to do to win.And finally, only 26 percent of people think that Donald -- that Joe Biden has the mental capacity to serve another election. And so, feeding right into that is the necessity that the American people demand a debate, because the only way he's going to show that he has the mental competence is to debate and he can't do it and they know he can't.PERINO: Let's see what they -- after tomorrow's State of the Union performance how that goes.OK, coming up, is the border crisis funny? Pundits at MSNBC thinks so.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's all a big joke to them. The liberal media laughing and mocking voters who are concerned about a border crisis that's caused carnage in America, thousands of fentanyl poisonings, cops assaulted and innocent American lives being snuffed out.Laken Riley deserved to live her life and not be brutally assaulted and murdered by an illegal immigrant who Joe Biden let in but caring about that, apparently pretty funny to MSNBC.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: If you look at some of these exit polls, I mean, I live in Virginia, immigration was the number one issue. Of course, I mean, again, this could change in Virginia.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: Well, Virginia does have a border with West Virginia. Very contested area. Build a wall.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: It gets worse than that, Joy Reid smearing millions of people in this country who vote Republican.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Republican voters don't vote that way. They don't vote based on economics, or based on the benefits they're getting economically from the president.They're increasingly from the tea party on, they're voting on race, they're voting on this idea of an invasion of brown people over the border. The idea that they can't get whatever job they want, a black person got it. Therefore, drive all the blacks out of the colleges, get rid of DEI. That is what they're voting on. They are just voting specifically on racial animus.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Greg, at the top when they were laughing about immigration, it reminded me of when Cuomo and Lemon were laughing about the crime wave.GUTFELD: I had a great dinner last night. I didn't see any crime. Well, I played that forever.It is strange to see so-called progressive strong women who've, you know, parade their superiority on the backs of female victims, whether it's crime, immigration, women's sports, gender surgery, they indulge militant activism, and it -- and it's more important to appease them than it is to protect actual biological women or just women, average women.The more wrong they are, the more entrenched they become in their wrongness. It's because they -- again, I said this before, they apply a moral context to the argument, so you're no longer arguing over the facts.If you take an objective fact independent of morality, innocent people are victims of crimes due to unchecked illegal migration. OK, that's just an objective fact. You don't even have to be emotional about it, but inject a moral stance and say that's a xenophobic position to take, then trying to solve that problem, have a corrective measure is seen as immoral.And this explains why there are no competing ideas on these shows, we'll have competing ideas here and we're able to change our minds. They cannot have a competing idea near them, because that is immoral, because it is actually coming from another side and they believe that's wrong.So, this creates a climate of fear. You don't see that at the table, but no one on that set will dare speak up for fear of being called names, right? So, there's somebody there on that table that's going like, I think we went too far here, we went too far. So instead, they parent each other's ideologies that actually harm women.WATTERS: Judge, if there was the number one issue in the country, and it was blaring loud and clear on all of your own polls, and you just dismissed it. Maybe think it was you that we're missing the big issue.PIRRO: The amazing part of this is that Joe Biden says he needs billions to combat the problem at the border, but MSNBC says there is no problem with immigration. And there is no problem with any of this stuff that you know, it's really a joke. Well, it's not a joke to the family of people like -- to the family of Laken Riley, or it's not a joke to families whose kids have died as a result of fentanyl. It's not a joke to just today, a state trooper was killed by allegedly buying illegal or violent crime in Virginia, against a minor of sexual assault.I mean, they sit on their high horses, and they look down at the rest of us and say, you know, it's too bad that your school can't afford to hire teachers who speak Urdu and, you know, Italian and Chinese or whatever.You know, they don't appreciate that the problems of everyday Americans. So, they sit on their high horse, and they pontificate.And the truth is, we're living in a country without a border, this president is aiding and abetting the invasion of this country, we now find out that they're flying in illegals to 43 different airports in this country, and they won't tell us anything about it. Violent crimes are on the rise by citizens from foreign countries who just want to be here. And it's a joke to them.And as it relates to Joy Reid, OK, Republicans aren't interested in economics, we're not interested in making sure our families can eat, that we can afford groceries this week, or we can afford to put gas in our cars. You know, they are living in a delusional world that's all about hate. And I'm tired of it. I'm tired, you can go to any 7/11, any Dunkin Donuts, any supermarket, there are blacks and whites and brown people and yellow people. We're all part of the same families. We all get along. But they have to create this hate, because if they don't create this hate and race- baiting, they're not succeeding.Well, you know what, I think this is the year where it's going to come down to just like it did in 2016. It's going to be a different election this year.WATTERS: Harold Ford Jr.FORD JR.: You know guys, so, the commentators on MSNBC were wrong. That's not funny. I can -- sometimes you tell a joke or you say something. And you may not admit to say it might have been the moment -- the momentum of the moment. And then you got to come back and sort of understand.I think the Virginia -- West Virginia thing, there was some humor to that. But there's not humor when you say this issue is not a real issue. This is something that voters all across the country are feeling regardless of the state they may live.And whether you think border states because they are on the southern border should be the only ones dealing with this. You can't tell voters that. We talk about around this table a lot that the economic data and even some of the crime data suggest that violent crime is coming down across the country and coming down even here in New York.But I can tell you, my wife and I don't feel -- we don't feel any safer than we did six months ago even though the numbers suggests that if you run on data, and not people's feelings, you're going to lose. The same is true with the economy and economic factors impacting everyday families.In the foremost issues -- on the foremost issue on the minds of voters, regardless of where they live, is border security. I hope tomorrow night President Biden will say that he is signing an executive order to reinstate catch and -- or to reverse catch and release. Hope he says he's going to reverse executive order about staying in Mexico and hope he says, I'm willing to negotiate with the Republicans like John Fetterman. I thought aptly and rightly said last week on HR-2, I may not give you everything you want on asylum -- on asylum reform and give you everything you wanted on a -- on a border wall. But we're going to get something done because the American people deserve it.And if you want to call it the Laken Riley Act, we'll call it that. But let's get something done. And I've signed the orders already. That would be the news tomorrow to not only the politics of it will take care of itself. But the issue needs to be addressed and I think can be resolved with not only the president doing what he needs to do, but the Congress doing what they need to do as well.PERINO: But here's the thing, Harold Ford Jr. is not writing the president's speech. And he's not going to -- he's not going to say that. So, when is the -- when is the last time the Democrats ran on data and not on people's feelings? Again, it was 2016.For example, it was like using ways at the Hillary Clinton campaign that like we actually -- we don't need to go to Michigan, we're looking at the numbers, the numbers are like fine, and the campaign in Michigan was like, we're taking on water guys, we need a lot of help and they wouldn't go to see them.If Kamala Harris was a newscast, and laughing about an inappropriate issue, that's what you would have seen last night.In Virginia, specifically, Governor Youngkin has had five people a day die of fentanyl poisoning in Virginia alone. They had the MS-13 guy who was just convicted the other day of murdering two kids or two bodies are found in a kid's park. So, MS-13 alive and well, right there in Virginia, where you're talking about.And I also don't understand why they don't want to help America's Blue City Mayors. I mean, who doesn't want to help the mayors of Chicago, and Philly, and Boston and Denver.FORD JR.: New York.PERINO: And well, in New York, these are Blue City mayor's who are begging the White House to help on what issue? Oh, on immigration, that would be the issue.Finally, as Hugh Hewitt said this morning, mocking suffering is always a bad look. But what was Joy Reid actually calling Republican voters? She's calling them deplorables. It is the stain that they cannot wash out.GUTFELD: You know, just one more thing about -- I think that Americans are also now just questioning data in general. They're not just buying this stuff, Harold says is how you experience things when they don't match the data. You don't believe the data and we're at a situation now where we don't believe it. And we know that a lot of the crime data changes because they don't report crimes anymore. They downgrade them so they're not -- they're not actually a reduction in action, their reduction in tabulating such events.WATTERS: You know what I don't believe?GUTFELD: My collar?WATTERS: How tall your collar is.GUTFELD: I know it's a pretty tough collar. This is Arthur Fonzarelli, classic.WATTERS: Collar just got 10 inches taller.GUTFELD: I'm very cozy.WATTERS: Coming up, Joe Biden getting steamrolled in the primary by some random guy.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Joe Biden's Super Tuesday got super embarrassing. Joe becoming the first incumbent president to lose a primary since Jimmy Carter in 1980 after being beat by a random guy in the American Samoa primary. A previously unknown Democrat from Baltimore named Jason Palmer giving Joe Biden a surprising defeat there. And he's holding out hope that the President will step aside.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON PALMER (D), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: He's running for president. His goal is to accept the nomination. But I hold out a small chance that Joe Biden actually wants to be remembered like George Washington, that he knew when it was time to pass the torch to the next generation.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Biden also getting embarrassed by that "Uncommitted" protest vote again after it drew hundreds of thousands of votes away from him. All right, to you, Jesse, this guy Jason Palmer will be on your show tonight. What do you plan on asking him?WATTERS: Well, my sources in Wilmington already tell me the Biden campaign is terrified of Palmer. And the fact that Michelle Obama allegedly is no longer an option at the convention, he's now the second guy that they're considering replacing Joe Biden with if he trips and falls.PIRRO: And Dean Phillips dropped out.WATTERS: I mean, this guy is just surging at a level we've never seen before, ripped through American Samoa like a wildfire, apparently got 50 votes in an island of 40,000. So, the sky is the limit for Palmer. And I will be asking him who he plans on making him his vice president tonight.PIRRO: OK, Dana, Palmer hadn't even visited America Samoa during the campaign. He virtually campaigned via zoom and still defeated Biden. How embarrassing is this for Biden?PERINO: It made me think that our campaign to make Harold Ford the mayor of New York City is absolutely going to work because we can do a lot more than that. The most Googled name yesterday had to have been Palmer's because nobody had ever heard of him. And I mean, even on set people are like wait, what, who, what, I don't get it, is this a joke. But it's not a joke and he's going to be on Jesse's show, and I cannot wait for that.The Biden team's out with a lot of swagger because they're saying that Nikki Haley took all these votes away from Trump. And there were some, right? There were some of course. But he's losing all these other votes to Uncommitted. And actually, it's not just about Israel, it's about him being too old to run for office. That's not -- I'm not just saying that. 86 percent of Americans are saying that. The Democrats are saying that. And maybe we'll see it tomorrow night. But what vision for a second term have you heard from President Biden? None.PIRRO: None. None at all. And Harold, in 2020, Michael Bloomberg was victorious in America Samoa. We all know how that turned out for him.FORD JR.: Yes. There -- I think there were 91 people who voted in American Samoa. I have more family members just on my dad's side of the family than that. Nothing -- congratulations to the young fellow for winning. But I think for Biden, and you've touched on it, the uncommitted vote and in Michigan and Minnesota and North Carolina, this has to be a larger and a legitimate concern.Obviously, I think, Dana, you touched on some of the polling numbers that show that age is a concern amongst Democrats as well. He can't change that, but I think that -- one of the other issues is how the war is being prosecuted in the Middle East. I think trying to find uh an a longer term answer and a longer-term solution there obviously predicated upon the hostages being released. I think they -- I know they're focus on this but this clearly is an issue uh that rattles many in the party and particularly states -- in two or three states where we have to win as you as you giggle there.PIRRO: I was giggling at Greg. All right, Greg, wrap it up.FORD JR.: Is he looking at me funny?PIRRO: No, he was looking at me.GUTFELD: First of all, I -- we go to -- we got to cut some slack for Jimmy Carter. You know, come on, just leave the guy. Like, you know, he's so tired of being compared to Joe Biden. He -- Jimmy Carter should be on Mount Rushmore when he's compared to Joe Biden, you know. Let the guy, you know, have his -- have his golden years, you know.I was curious about American Samoa because like why are they called American Samoa? I don't know. It turns out you can't own land if you're not a citizen of American Samoa. That doesn't sound very American to me, right? So, I was -- because I was looking at real estate. You can rent a four- bedroom in Tiapapata for 3,800 a month and a three-bedroom home for $340,000. I was thinking about it.And they -- it is a bellwether territory. I was talking to the news -- what do you call it, the election desk?PERINO: The election desk.GUTFELD: The election desk? Yes, the decision desk. They're already calling it. They're calling it for Biden for November. And where America Samoa goes, so goes the nation. I blame extreme MAGA Samoans. They probably have voter ID there. Are there other Samoans, like French Samoa?PIRRO: Where is Samoa?WATTERS: There was. We split it with Germany.GUTFELD: Really?WATTERS: And then we took the whole thing.GUTFELD: We should take it. We should kick their ass.WATTERS: French, Germans, and the Americans.GUTFELD: We should just take all of Samoa.WATTERS: It's time to gobble up the whole chain.GUTFELD: Take it all.WATTERS: Do you know who's Samoan? Tulsi Gabbard.GUTFELD: That's right.PIRRO: Is she?GUTFELD: That's right.PIRRO: We love Tulsi.GUTFELD: Also, wasn't there a wrestler, the Throwing Samoan or the Angry Samoan?WATTERS: What was his move?GUTFELD: The Angry Samoan, that was a punk band. No, a Samoan wrestler.PIRRO: No, wasn't he a baseball player?GUTFELD: I don't know. Jason Momoa?PIRRO: All right --WATTERS: Troy Polamalu.PIRRO: All right, they're telling me we got to go.FORD JR.: For the Steelers.WATTERS: The safety.PIRRO: OK, up next --FORD JR.: Is he Samoan?PIRRO: -- soft on crime Progressive policies going down in flames in Liberal cities.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Dwayne, thanks for calling. Thanks. Yes, we're still meeting tonight, same place. OK, Dwayne. That was The Rock. He -- he's Samoan and he reminded me it was the Wild Samoans who were a tag -- a wrestling tag team match. And a lot of large Samoans out there in American Samoa, and we salute these large people. They're wonderful people.Liberal voters delivering a big blow to soft-on-crime policies. San Francisco residents siding with the cops and law and order for a change after passing two anti-me measures, one lets officers pursue suspects of felonies and violent misdemeanors including retail theft, and the other require single adults on welfare to be screened and treated for illegal drug addiction to receive cash assistance.Dem leaders also getting tougher. D.C. Council passing a crime bill that would allow police to collect suspects' DNA before conviction and declare drug-free zones. And New York will be deploying hundreds of National Guard members to fight crime in the subway. The plan will ramp up bag checks, Jesse, and metal detectors.All right, Harold, I thought crime was going down just a few segments ago. But it seems like all the Democrats are now enacting all this new crime legislation after 25-year high in homicides. You must feel very small right now, Harold, I can barely see you.FORD JR.: Can you always talk like that when you're making a point? They -- look, I think that you make my point. People don't feel like they're safe, so I give them a lot of credit for having the ability and the courage and the bravery to say we were wrong and we've got to reverse this. I accept them now on this team. If anybody should be excited about uh this revelation and this putting on the ballot and going the other way, it should be many around this table because many around this table, all of us have been saying these kinds of policies have to change.Should this -- one may argue they should never have gone in the direction that they went, but they did, and now they're back. So, I'm thrilled. I'm also thrilled that D.C. -- even the mayor there who I think had the right intentions. And we want to try to help kids, but you can't help kids who are using guns. You have to enforce the law and you have to be tougher with the law.So, I'm excited about this. I take the win. And just like we had at the beginning of the segment about uh Nikki Haley and Donald Trump coming together even though bad things have been said by both on each side, we should accept this and say more cities should do this to make those cities safer.GUTFELD: Oh, look at that. I don't even -- they hate you, Harold.PIRRO: This is ridiculous.GUTFELD: Listen to that.PIRRO: OK. You know what? Harold, I love you but enough of this. You know, they finally came to our side.FORD JR.: That they reverse it?PIRRO: No. They put in policies that hurt the American people. Some of them -- London Breed was one of the first to say let's defund the police. And now that her numbers are historically low, now she wants to make sure the police have the ability to fight crime that we've got more of them.Joe Biden how many people have been killed? We have lost our sovereignty as a nation. Now he wants to protect the Border after he's flying in hundreds of thousands from other countries. No, I don't want to hear, we should applaud them, they figured it out.FORD JR.: When should we forgive them?PIRRO: They were stupid to do it in the first place, they should be challenged for it, and they should be out of office. It's about time there were consequences to actions. I still love you Harold but this is nonsense.FORD JR.: But when should we forgive them?PIRRO: I don't want to forgive them because too many people have died, they've been hurt. London Breed, what the heck did she know about crime? Was she a law enforcement expert? No. she was a protege of Willie Brown. She knew nothing about anything in law enforcement and she decided she was going to put a whole city in danger. I don't want to talk about how many people suffered because of her. It's time for her to lose.FORD JR.: You have to forgive the love and to heal. And I love you.GUTFELD: You know, we all wish things would happen sooner but I guess we just have to be grateful that it happens at all. Dana, will this end the drug tourism? You know people coming to cities --PERINO: Well, the San Francisco Chronicle declared that San Francisco can no longer be called a Progressive city.GUTFELD: Wow.PERINO: I mean, that's saying quite a bit. I don't think that's actually true. But can we just be honest that it's sort of strange that you have to pass a -- you have to have an election to tell people like we should actually enforce the law and make sure that kids have to do math?GUTFELD: It's amazing.PERINO: Like, you have to ask the voters, should we do this? Like, yes. Obviously, yes. Immediately yes you should do this. Fighting crime is cool again. Every mayor in the -- in the state of California is on board with Prop 47 repealing it. They have more than 400,000 signatures and I bet that gets done. But why does it have to take the voters to tell the governor like actually, we don't want people to be able to shoplift like this up to $950 a pop.Also in D.C., there were two city council members facing very serious recall campaigns. And this is because they have to pass a bill to enforce Metro fares and arrest criminals doing obvious crimes and help police do their jobs. And I'm sorry, D.C. thinks they should be a state?GUTFELD: Yes, crazy.PERINO: No.GUTFELD: You know, Jesse, should Fox take a portion of your salary to purchase Billboards in these cities saying THE FIVE was right?WATTERS: How much is a billboard?GUTFELD: I don't know. I don't do --WATTERS: Well, we're going to need to know. But I like what we're thinking. When Kathy Hochul said that she was going to put the Guard in the Subways, I thought that's great. It's about time. And then I found out what she was going to be doing with the Guard going through bags. So, she just made the guard TSA agents. It's going to slow us down. We're trying to get to work, trying to get home, and she's going to check innocent civilians' purses and pocketbooks?PERINO: Right.WATTERS: No. Go after the bad people. Don't hassle me. That's why the line is so long at the airport. And can we remember one of my favorite anthems from the 90's, the Humpty Dance? Remember?GUTFELD: Don't do it.WATTERS: Samoans do the hump, the hump. Watch me do the hump. Everybody! Harold, you know it. Samoans, one of the famous lines of that song, Samoans.FORD JR.: Do you know -- do you know who sang that? The group that sang that song?GUTFELD: Digital Underground.WATTERS: Digital Underground.FORD JR.: There we go.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: My colonizer. You guys (INAUDIBLE).WATTERS: I still love you, Harold. But you can't dance.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: We really didn't take anything.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: No, we didn't. Up next, the woke try to ban one of the most iconic World War II photos in history. That's disgusting.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Some major controversy over at the Department of Veterans Affairs after an official banned the iconic Time Square kiss photo from agency buildings last month, saying that the World War II image depicts "a nonconsensual act." The V.A. Secretary immediately reversing the plans once he caught one of them saying, "Let me be clear, this image is not banned from V.A. facilities, and we will keep it in V.A. facilities." Thank you, Secretary McDonough.Jesse, what are your thoughts on this? Will you cover this tonight?WATTERS: How they know that's non-consensual? To me that woman looks like she wants it, and she wants it bad.FORD JR.: Judge, Dana, do you want to jump in here?(CROSSTALK)FORD JR.: Permission to interrupt. Permission to interrupt.PERINO: Jesse, stop talking into the Humpty Hump while I talk about this.WATTERS: OK.PERINO: OK, this is what I was thinking about today. These radical leftists that are embedded in the bureaucracy are Biden's deep state, and they are intent on getting as many bad ideas out there as possible. They are the Uncommitted that are causing Biden problems. And I bet you're going to see more of this nonsense.FORD JR.: Thank God for his secretary, the highest appointed person at the department to reverse this.GUTFELD: Yes, but you know why he reversed it? It never would have happened without X, right? The idiot who banned the photo would have gotten away with it if her boss hadn't seen the story. I think it was End Wokeness had posted it. It's weird how X is now like becoming a report card on woke idiocy.You know, before you could intercept the card before your parents see it, but instead, like end wokeness grabs it. And we're seeing -- I'm hoping that this is a return to common sense, that you know now people aren't scared of correcting this idiocy. Before, you know, you go, oh, my God, they're going to accuse me of being pro-rape if I say I like this picture. No, we're just -- we're just common sense.And I think you could -- I think you can thank Elon Musk for this. He opened the door. Look at Doritos. Do you see what happened to Doritos? The moment the flashlight was on Doritos for what they did, man, they scurried.PIRRO: The amazing --FORD JR.: Your Honor?PIRRO: The amazing part of this thing is that people who want to, you know, deep six that, I mean, you know, they sleep every weekend with someone they met at a bar three minutes ago who was virtually a stranger --GUTFELD: I wish.PIRRO: -- you know, and they're worried about this guy. I mean, we just won World War II. And that's all I have to say about it. Get over it.FORD JR.: Well, that's us. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time now --GUTFELD: Oh, God.PERINO: "ONE MORE THING." Judge.PIRRO: OK. It's time for --GUTFELD: Did they not remember that?WATTERS: Not a warning.PIRRO: OK, today is my favorite day. It's National Oreo Cookie Day. To celebrate, we have a wide variety of Oreo cookies at the table for everyone. Some fun facts about Oreos too. 50 percent of Oreo customers pull the cookies apart before eating them. The number of Oreo cookies made a year would wrap around the world five times. It is the most popular cookie of the 21st century. And it takes two hours to make and bake one Oreo cookie which I'm going to eat now.PERINO: OK, Harold?WATTERS: Do you want to dig in?FORD JR.: Yes, I'm going to take this one here and I'll go with my thing. So, being in space didn't stop two astronauts from participating in Super Tuesday. NASA astronauts Jasmin Moghbeli -- forgive me if I pronounce your name incorrectly -- and Loral O'Hara cast their votes from aboard International Space Station. While the duo fulfill their Celestial civic duty, they weren't the first to do the voting. The title -- that title belongs to U.S. Astronaut David Wolf who voted from the Russian space station Mir in 1997. Congratulations. And you guys go keep America safe up there.PERINO: You go, space. OK, Greg.GUTFELD: You go, space. Tonight, oh what a -- what a lineup. We got Charlie Hurt, Erin Perrine, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. That's going to be an all-timer. Let's do this. Greg's Drunk Kangaroo News. Not a lot of people know this. There's an Australian pub in Times Square called the Dirty Koala.PERINO: Oh, I haven't been there.GUTFELD: And at last call, when they -- when the when the kangaroos emptied out, they're drunk and violent, take look at this pair squaring up. Oh, they didn't know what was going on. One of them thought that he'd taken the other guy's car keys and they're like trying to beat each. They're just wasted. It's just terrible. And you know what? It's probably was started by a female kangaroo.PERINO: And you know, there's kids around there too.GUTFELD: Yes, there's kids and stuff.PIRRO: Oh, there's a baby.GUTFELD: See this? Time Square is going to hell, I tell you, you know. Anyway, come -- I'll be at the Dirty Koala at 9:00 to 11:00 doing two shows.PERINO: That would be great. Well, I want to talk about something sweet. Alan Moncayo was out delivering food and he happened to have a stop at an animal shelter in Virginia where he was delivering an order. And he walked in and saw one of the rescued dogs named Jihoo who. And at the front desk, he said I got to have that dog. My daughter has been asking for a dog. He found this 65-pound pitbull mix. He took it home and everybody is living happily ever after.Isn't that sweet, Jesse?WATTERS: Also, good cookies, the Samoans. Remember the Girl Scouts? How could you forget?PERINO: I don't know, the coconut?WATTERS: The coconut. They're very good, Dana.PIRRO: Very good.WATTERS: And you guys want to see a great white shark get eaten by a bigger shark? Watch this. An orca takes it down like that navy midshipman. Goodbye, great white. Sorry about that.PERINO: Wow.WATTERS: Tonight, RFK Jr. and the guy who is going to win the nomination for the Democrats, Jason Palmer, the Samoan Dragon, 8:00.PERINO: Do not miss it. I'm going to watch all those shows. That's it for us. Have a great night, everyone.