SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".And we have one jam-packed hour tonight. Mexico actually lecturing America and your President Joe on border issues and demanding tens of billions of your dollars.The inmates by the way running the asylum over at MSDNC. We've got great tape. People like liberal Joe and Chucky Todd.Anyway, oh, and Diddy's home rated for possible sex trafficking. We're watching that story tonight.Also, tonight, we're going to show you what may be the biggest beatdown of a climate alarmist in U.S. history and then he will join us. Senator Kennedy of Louisiana in his epic beatdown. Here's a small sample.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA): If we spent those trillions of dollars and became carbon neutral by 2050 in the United States, which you advocate, how much will it reduce world temperatures?GUS SCHUMACHER, WITNESS: I don't have an answer for that.KENNEDY: You don't know?SCHUMACHER: No.KENNEDY: You just think we're all to spend the money and then see what happens.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Great skier, doesn't know much about science.Anyway, the whole tape, you're not going to want to miss it coming up.But, tonight, I've got to begin with a plea. Plea -- please be kind to your radical far-left friends. It is only Monday but they are having a very tough week. Now famed Democratic strategist James Carville, I've debated him a number of times he just compared Biden's poll numbers, to seeing your grandmother naked.Meanwhile in Puerto Rico, an awkward and embarrassing and bizarre moment for your Vice President Harris. Here she is accidentally clapping along to a protest against the white -- Biden White House. Can't make that -- oh, thank you, I have no idea what you're singing but thank you for any for that anyway.Anyway, back in New York, a bad day all the way around for fake news CNN and the lunatic fringe at MSDNC. Panic, disbelief at the far-left networks and, of course, all the mainstream media mob. Why? Donald Trump scored a major legal victory out of New York. Now, the state appeals court slashed his record setting bond from the attorney general's bogus civil fraud case, from an unprecedented half a billion dollars to, well, $175 million. Still a very high number but Trump is prepared to pay it with cash.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We appreciate and respect the appellate division very much and we will I think do very well in that whole thing. We have a judge who I believe is a crooked judge and a crooked attorney general, absolutely crooked. We did nothing wrong at all, 100 percent, and that was proven and everybody there said it was proven. All you have to do is read the legal scholars and you see that was proven.But we will continue with that but we appreciate very much the decision of the appellate division. Thank you very much.REPORTER: What's your collateral for the bond?TRUMP: Cash.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: By the way, this was a case about valuations, the worst valuation or the biggest abuse of evaluation, that came from the judge in this case. Engoron, who until this day sticks to and maintains that Mar-a-Lago is only worth $18 million. Not even close.As we have pointed out many times on this program, the attorney general's dream of seizing Trump Tower and other Trump properties to cover his bond before an appeal. That is now dead and the far-left zealot over at MSDNC, they are not taking it well. They might need, I don't know, some comfort food and comfort animals tomorrow. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRISTAN SNELL, GUEST: I mean, I honestly, this is so infuriating I don't even know what to do. I don't even know if I care what the process is that these judges are arriving at. Whatever, it is, it's flawed. I can tell you that much. I mean, David put it well.It's -- this is a different process for this person. We have decided that he gets his own private court of justice. He has a private plane. He has a -- he has private clubs that he lives in. This is an absolute travesty. It would not happen for anybody else, anybody else who would be like sorry buddy, you lost, pay up. For him, he gets his own set of rules.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Donald Trump is facing dozens of criminal and civil charges, including some that have never been tried in a court of law. Many of these charges levied by his political opponents, DOJ, that is the weaponization of Joe Biden's DOJ, and during the height of a presidential campaign, wow, these are unprecedented times.Now, the state of New York was attempting to seize his business before he could even file an appeal and according to MSDNC, he's receiving preferential treatment, really? Okay, yeah, it's preferential from their point of view.Meanwhile, over the weekend on fake news CNN, radical leftist Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said that America would be put at risk if the state of New York did not seize Donald Trump's assets. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): I think that what we are dealing with politically is the much larger and much more grave and serious pressure of having this judgment against -- against Donald Trump and him being in this degree of debt and the financial pressures that he is under and what he's what he is subject to do in order to obtain those assets. I actually think that whether -- I actually think that that there is risk in not seizing these assets and the open window that exists in him trying to secure these funds through other means.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, so far, the radical left's plan to derail Trump through lawfare as we call it is not going as expected. In the state of Georgia, anti-Trump D.A. Fani Willis was strongly rebuked by a superior court judge as a potential liar who exhibited unprofessional behavior in and out of court. Now, Fani Willis says she has done nothing wrong and is now vowing to fight on against Donald Trump, quote, the train is coming. Watch out. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY: I don't feel like my reputation needs to be reclaimed. Let's say it for the record, I'm not embarrassed by anything I've done. You know, I guess my greatest crime is I had a relationship with a man, but that's not something that I find embarrassing in any way, and I know that I have not done anything that's illegal.All while that was going on, we were writing responsive briefs. We were still doing the case in the way that it needed to be done. I don't feel like we've been slowed down at all. I do think that there are efforts to slow down this train but the train is coming.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Vengeance is mine sayeth Fani Willis.Now, amid all the chaos, the first criminal trial against Donald Trump, it now has the start date. That would be April the 15th. This is a highly unusual case out of New York. You might remember and recall Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg used what was a bizarre unprecedented legal mechanism never really fully explained it, he did it to override the statute of limitations and upcharge certain misdemeanors as felonies, all related to how certain Trump organization documents were labeled.It sounds convoluted because it is. Now, the case is so far-fetched that even federal prosecutors under Biden, they declined to bring charges and their lead witness, not exactly have much credit credibility when it comes to the issue of truth. But that's where we are as a country.Anti-Trump prosecutors, they want to cook up their charges and far-left radical districts, venues where Donald Trump likely can't get a fair trial and they want to use our system of justice as a political weapon, in this case against the Republican presidential candidate.And despite tremendous abuse of power, Donald Trump is the Republican nominee. He's now leading in the polls.And here with analysis, FOX News contributor Jonathan Turley.All right. There's a lot to unwrap here. Legally, I'll let you choose where you want to begin. But I would look at this as a big win for Donald Trump today in terms of the half a billion dollar plus. But I would like an answer, I would like somebody to be held accountable for the phony evaluation that Judge Engoron now holds to, to this day of Mar-a-Lago being only worth between and what some odd million dollars, when I've shown empty lots two acres going for 200 million.JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, the interesting thing about the vapors that you were witnessing from various pundits is that this is simply to allow another judge to review what Engoron did. So what they're complaining about is that Trump didn't have to do a fire sale on his property just to be able to get other judges to look at this ruling, and the ruling is ludicrous, that is the ruling is based on really speculative numbers by the court. You drill down, there's nothing really there.And then the problem of course is that you know the penalty in this case should have been a dollar because no one lost a dollar. The people that were the supposed victims these companies these banks wanted more business from Trump. Now, what the judge ordered New York was supervision and he could have stopped there, right? If you think that there's undervaluing and overvaluing, then sure, order supervision.But that's not what this judge wanted to do. This judge picked an arbitrary number that made it almost impossible for Trump to secure an appeal, to protect his businesses unless he was willing to sell off some of his businesses.HANNITY: Let me run some poll numbers by you. John McLaughlin and associates, 67 percent say politics played a role in the indictment of Donald Trump. That's over two-thirds, Jonathan. Fifty-eight percent say Biden played a role in the indictments of Donald Trump, only 30 percent say it's not true that Biden is trying to jail Trump.Wow. I think the American people, you know, you lay out facts for them in spite of a media that I think is abusively biased. They kind of get it.TURLEY: If they do get it, and I think that they recognize for it for what it is. It's not that they necessarily like Trump but they don't like what they're seeing particularly in New York. They've created this inescapable political vortex that used to be a legal system, and it's damaging not just the courts, it's damaging the city.Who wants to go to a city where they try to get you to sell off your property just to get an appeal to look at what a judge did. And so the damage there has been below the waterline. It's going to have to be repaired. But now, the New York court of appeals could restore some integrity to their system and look at these at this number.There's two issues here. You know, whether he overvalued and under value, that's something very common in the real estate area, but the other major issue is, does this violate the Constitution? Almost half a billion dollars in penalty when no one lost a single cent.HANNITY: Let me ask you about the Bragg case now scheduled to begin on April the 15th. Andy McCarthy had a pretty interesting analysis of this. I think you share this view. He said that Bragg was falsifying his prosecution and he said knowing that a plain spoken admission that he was trying to enforce federal law, he goes on to say, and a federal statute that the state prosecutor had no authority to enforce, that the feds themselves passed on, and their lead witness -- well, I wouldn't say he's the most credible human being on the face of the earth. How does that play out?TURLEY: Well, Andy is spot on. Many of us have been writing from the beginning of this case. That it is a sort of a Frankenstein monster of a case. It's composed of different parts of the federal and state code.So what he basically did is he took a misdemeanor where the time has already run out from -- to prosecute and bootstrapped a federal crime so that he could extend the statute of limitations. But the Department of Justice rejected that crime. That's the same type of theory they used against John Edwards. It collapsed in a really abysmal failure by the Justice Department.And so, they declined to do it and so you've created this bizarre filing. I'm surprised that it has not been dismissed but Trump may have to face a trial in order to get serious review of the underlying theory. But now, we're going to have the spectacle of a disbar lawyer Michael Cohen who just recently -- who was denounced by a judge who said that he was a serial perjurer, that he was still gaming the system.And that's going to be your star witness. It's going to be another blow I think to the integrity of the New York legal system, but we'll see if the court -- if the New York jury buys this. I think that what Bragg is betting on is that the jury won't get past the name on the caption of the criminal complaint and that they will spend very little time looking at either the law or the evidence and focus on who's behind the defense table.HANNITY: All right. Jonathan Turley, as always, thank you. We appreciate you being with us.All right. Joining us now, FOX News legal editor Kerri Kupec Urbahn is with us.Kerri, good to see you.Let's get your take on all of what's been happening today.KERRI KUPEC URBAHN, FOX NEWS LEGAL EDITOR: Just the wild inappropriateness of this attorney general in New York, Sean, continues to boggle my mind. You know, I used to come on your show when I ran communications for the Department of Justice. Can you imagine if I came on and I said you know what we really can't wait to do it DOJ, go after Joe Biden, we have our eye on that Delaware house and we're excited about it?I mean, it would be crazy, so inappropriate. If this is the way she's conducted herself throughout this entire investigation, applying a vague law with no victims in a way that it has never been applied in its history in the state of New York. The banks are paid back and it all hinges on subjective valuation.An analogy, Sean, that I keep using is think about this -- let's say I wanted to buy a pair of red glittery -- glittery slippers. I could go on Amazon, pay 30 or 40 bucks for them. But if I wanted to buy the ones owned by Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz, I'd have to fork over $4 million or so. That's how much they're valued.HANNITY: Yeah.URBAHN: So think about that so this valuation -- yeah, uh-hmm?HANNITY: Yeah. All right. So there are no victims here and you literally have a disclaimer in every single contract. Nobody's going to lend hundreds of millions of dollars to anybody and take their valuations anyway, but the disclaimer was in every contract with the Trump Organization saying don't take our valuations. They have the fiduciary responsibility to do so.Then you have -- if this is about valuations, the judge -- again, I go back to maintains that Mar-a-Lago is $18 million. He maintains it to this day. You can look online. That's 22 acres.That is on the intercoastal. It is on the ocean. It's a historic property. It has two clubs. It's in pristine condition , 50-some-odd bedrooms, almost 50 bathrooms.I mean, this is insane when an empty lot of dirt on only the ocean side, two acres, is $200 million. It's an empty lot. It's a lot of dirt, that's what you get with a good view.URBAHN: And that's what makes this so troubling that the attorney general of a state could use the power of the law in this way to crush someone potentially financially over this subjective but not a subjective because she's very intentional about what she's trying to do here. And you know, and what I don't know that people are fully appreciating or maybe they're just not being intellectually honest about it, but once this toothpaste is out of the tube, very hard to get back in. This precedent has been set. This can now be used against political enemies on both sides.You don't have to like Donald Trump to not like what's going on here. It's -- it should be concerning for all Americans.HANNITY: Yeah. All right. Kerri, we appreciate you being with us tonight. Thank you as always.All right. James Carville, one of the most prominent political minds in the Democratic Party, he is now sounding the alarm. In an interview with "The New York Times", Carville saying Biden's poll numbers are, quote, it's kind of hard to get out of your mind like he says. It's like walking in on your naked grandmother or your grandma naked, you can't get that image out of your mind.I've debated James, know him really well, very nice guy, smart guy, but don't be fooled. He's a hardcore leftist Democrat. He's a left winger.Carville is particularly worried about men leaving his party and in a comment that will likely get him in trouble with the woke mob, Carville told "The Times", quote, a suspicion of mine is that there are too many preachy females. They don't drink beer and they don't watch football.Anyway, other Democrats seem more worried about third party candidates, especially Robert Kennedy Jr. The Biden campaign is now working overtime on a strategy to attack RFK Jr. Now, of course, no one in the Democratic Party seems to have a plan to bolster, well, the vice president's terrible poll numbers -- poll numbers, and over the weekend, in Puerto Rico, the vice president as I mentioned earlier seen accidentally clapping along to a group protesting against the Biden administration, before someone helped translate the message.Anyway, here with reaction on all of this, she is the brand-new RNC co- chair, Lara Trump, is back with us.Lara, great to have you.Your reaction, they're so panicked, not only really about RFK. If you go back to the State of the Union Address, if you go back to Joe's West Coast swing last week, what -- what did we see that was consistent?Joe is trying to build back his base. He's down 22-some-odd points with that -- with African-Americans. He's, you know, Donald Trump is now polled in with Hispanic Americans.Suburban women, young people are abandoning Joe Biden. That is the core coalition base for the Democratic Party.What do you see?LARA TRUMP, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE CO-CHAIR: Absolutely. Look, they're hemorrhaging voters on the Democrat side. It is a huge problem for the party.And the fact that you have the Biden campaign -- when you currently have the Republican and Democrat nominees for president established worried about a third party candidate, Sean, the alarm bells are certainly going off for them. And they're hemorrhaging all these voters because we have a unique opportunity right now to compare two presidents.We've seen four years of Donald Trump. We know what he will do. People remember how much better life was for them when Donald Trump was in office.You compare that to the last three years of Joe Biden as president, people say that we don't want this anymore.And it is showing. The numbers you just reference are huge. In 2020, Donald Trump got around 8 percent of the Black vote. Right now, he's polling in 2024 at 23 percent with Black voters. Some polling actually has them up six points with Hispanic voters over Joe Biden.Look at the swing states right now. Look at North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Michigan, Florida, Donald Trump is leading Joe Biden in all the states.Whenever you ask people around this country what is your number one concern? Immigration. What is your number two concern? The economy.These are places where Joe Biden has consistently failed. People want common sense. They want their life back. They want a better life in an easier life and they know who delivered it for them. It was Donald Trump.HANNITY: So --L. TRUMP: And that is why at the RNC, we are very focused on this. We're going after all those voters. Donald Trump is picking them off one by one.HANNITY: Two hundred and twenty-four days until Election Day, okay. And you just took on this new role. The issue of convincing Republicans and conservatives to vote early and vote by mail, something that they have been resistant to, but also the legal ballot harvesting efforts that the Democrats seem to have mastered. Certainly you at least want to match if not surpass their efforts.Can you get that done in 224 days? That seems like a heavy lift.L. TRUMP: It may be heavy lift but I'm here at the RNC right now and look what time it is, we're working overtime. I promise you, we're focused on all of these things.We would love to have a one day of voting. We'd love to have voter ID and paper ballots. We can get back to that place, Sean, but we have to do it by electing Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, expanding our lead in the House, and taking back the Senate. And then maybe we get back there one day.We've got to play the hand that we're dealt and that means that as soon as you can go vote, go vote out there, and then you spend your time every single day from that day on until Election Day, taking people to vote. We are going to have a legal ballot harvesting operation at the RNC. It's something that's never been done before.But, yes, 224 days to victory, we are going to get it done because, Sean, we have no other options. If Joe Biden is successful, if the Democrats are successful, in November, it means they are able to employ communist tactics, as you're discussing, against their political opponents. It means that on the other side of this, we do not have the same country left.So, we're focused. We're working hard and we're going to make sure that on November 5th, there are no questions, Donald Trump will unanimously be the president of the United States.HANNITY: These are consequential times. This is definitely an inflection point for the country. There is no doubt about it. This is a crucial election. I said that in the past, this is it.Lara Trump, thank you. Good to see you.And coming up, new disturbing images, brazen illegal immigrants trying to enter the country, and, oh, Mexico has a list of demands for your president in our country.Anyway, Sarah Huckabee Sanders deployed Arkansas National Guard to the border. She's next.Also, maybe Senator Kennedy's greatest takedown of a climate alarmist activist ever.And the chaos -- well, the inmates running the asylum at NBC News. We'll explain, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And tonight, we have more disturbing images coming out of Biden's border crisis. Over the weekend, one illegal immigrant was allegedly caught on video cutting part of a border fence in Texas. Last week, two illegal immigrants were arrested by Texas DPS troopers for smuggling after leading authorities on a very dangerous high-speed chase.And meanwhile, you're going to love this part. Well, Mexico's president is now threatening to make the problem worse if Biden doesn't bow down to his demands. He is demanding that your President Joe commit $20 billion to poor countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, also lifting the Venezuela sanctions that are in place. Oh, and ending the Cuba embargo and legalizing law abiding Mexicans living in the U.S.Are they here legally? Ask yourself, do you think for a second that the Mexico -- that Mexico's president would act in this way if Donald Trump were president? I don't think so.Joe Biden's crisis has gotten so bad, the border of patrol chief is now rightly sounding the alarm on the threat to our national security. Listen closely to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BORDER PATROL CHIEF: Closing down on a million entries this fiscal year alone that number is a large number but what's keeping me up at night is the 140,000 known gotaways.INTERVIEWER: That is not part of that tally.BORDER PATROL CHIEF: That is not part of that tally and that's just what we know.INTERVIEWER: Is that a national security risk?BORDER PATROL CHIEF: That is a national security threat, border security is a big piece of national security. And if we don't know who is coming into our country and we don't know what their intent is, that is a threat.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Last two appearances before Congress, the FBI director said it's never been this bad, the chatter that they are hearing. And while Biden refuses to secure our border, red state governors, they are pushing back. Not one Senate -- now -- not a single Senate Democrat voted against your tax dollars being used to charter illegal immigrants directly from their country to numerous locations in this country. Oh, don't pass go, collect $200, no problem.This is international madness. If any of you did this, you would be arrested for human trafficking.Joining us now, Arkansas Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who announced last week that she would deploy her state's national guard to help Texas in their efforts to secure the border.Governor Huckabee, good to see you. Let's start with the Mexico president's demands against the U.S., billions of dollars, lift sanctions here, do this, do that.I don't think that would happen if Donald Trump were president and I'm just guessing.GOV. SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS (R), ARKANSAS: Definitely wouldn't. The only reason that the president of Mexico feels empowered to make demands like this is because Joe Biden has been not only weak on the border, but he's been weak on literally everything. And they feel empowered and entitled to make insane demands like this of the United States.Not only would this never happen under Donald Trump's watch, but he certainly wouldn't cave to it. We had cooperation with Mexico instead of getting demands out of them. Our border was secure, our country was safer, and our people were doing better.I think it's one of the biggest reasons that Donald Trump is leading and is going to crush Joe Biden in November is because he has been so weak on this issue and on the world stage when it comes to standing up to the bad actors and not pushing back.HANNITY: Let me ask you about the border patrol chief's comments and Director Wray's comments and what we have been pointing out -- trying to point out on a nightly basis. I believe this is a clear and present danger to our national security. It needs to take on major, major -- it has to be a major priority.But we also have people coming from Iran, Syria, Afghanistan, Egypt, Russia and China. Why are they showing up at our border governor?HUCKABEE SANDERS: Because they know that they can walk right in because the federal government has not done one of their most important and basic duties in securing our country. Thankfully, we have governors across the country that are stepping up and doing what the federal government has failed to do under this president. Texas helping lead the way. I just made an announcement that we will send additional National Guard troops from Arkansas into Texas to help secure the border because not only is it impacting states on the border, it's impacting everybody in the country.It is a absolute national security, humanitarian, and huge crisis of epic proportion because of what they're allowing to take place. We're seeing drugs flood into our communities. I think you'll be hard-pressed to find a single family anywhere in America that hasn't been impacted by the drug crisis in this country, and it is a direct result of the failure of this administration not stepping up and helping secure the border.HANNITY: And after three long years of saying the border is secure and the border is closed, now they're trying to blame Donald Trump and Governor Abbott. How do you explain that?HUCKABEE SANDERS: It is honestly laughable how absurd the claims are that come out of this press secretary's mouth and out of this administration. I cannot imagine them trying to push off their failures. Biden took over 90 actions immediately, executive actions that undid most of the good work that Donald Trump did as president, and has taken us backwards and instead of forwards. It's why we need real leadership. It's why we need Donald Trump back in the White House.HANNITY: All right. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, Governor, great to have you. Good to see you. Thank you.When we come back, wait until you're going to love this tape, maybe, maybe the biggest beatdown in set -- in a Senate hearing I have ever seen. Senator John Kennedy, he will join us next.And then later, wow, they have a lot of temper tantrums over at MSDNC and NBC. Personalities, they think they're in charge. Why? Because they dare to hire Ronna McDaniel? Really?You got to let the inmates run the asylum? Brilliant, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. So the green new deal is back and it makes less sense than ever. Two of the most liberal members of Congress, Alexandria Ocasio- Cortez of New York and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, they recently unveiled what they call a quote green new deal for public housing, but to be fair neither, AOC or Bernie Sanders are climate experts. And by the way neither are Olympic athletes, but that did not stop Senate Democrats from inviting an Olympic skier to testify at a hearing about climate change, something it ends up that he doesn't know that much about.They tried to pass him off as an expert witness, did not go well. In fact, it may be the biggest beatdown in Senate history. You decide. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KENNEDY: What is carbon dioxide?SCHUMACHER: I'm -- I went to high school but that's -- carbon dioxide is a gas.KENNEDY: Okay.SCHUMACHER: I'm not a -- I'm not a -- I'm not a professional to talk about carbon dioxide so much but --KENNEDY: Is it the major part of our atmosphere?SCHUMACHER: It's a huge part of our atmosphere, yes.KENNEDY: It's actually a very small part of our atmosphere.SCHUMACHER: Well, okay.KENNEDY: If we spent those trillions of dollars and became carbon neutral by 2050 in the United States, which you advocate, how much will it reduce world temperatures?SCHUMACHER: I don't have an answer for that.KENNEDY: You don't know?SCHUMACHER: No.KENNEDY: You just think we're a to spend the money and then see what happens?SCHUMACHER: I think, as an athlete, I think if we spend that money and invest in our future, hopefully those temperatures stop rising.KENNEDY: You think we ought to abolish the police, do you?SCHUMACHER: Again, not the topic I'm here to talk about today.KENNEDY: I know but you tweeted it. Do you think we ought to abolish the police?SCHUMACHER: That's not what I'm here to talk about.KENNEDY: Should we do that before or after we get rid of fossil fuels?SCHUMACHER: I'm not going to address that.KENNEDY: Who intentionally created the war on drugs to put Black people in jail, who were you talking about?SCHUMACHER: I don't remember typing that.KENNEDY: You don't?SCHUMACHER: No.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: I bet he wish he's still on the slopes.Here with reaction, Louisiana Senator John Kennedy is with us.Maybe my favorite moment was when he said he didn't know how much carbon was in the atmosphere and you had to tell him 0.04 percent.Did they portray this guy as an expert?KENNEDY: Yes. Mr. Schumacher I understand is a superb skier, Sean, and I'm sure he's a fine young man, but the fact remains that my Democratic colleagues invited Mr. Schumacher to testify before the Budget Committee of the United States Senate as an expert on climate change to advise us on climate change legislation and Mr. Schumacher could neither defend nor substantiate his rhetoric. I suppose his testimony is an example of the Kardashianing of America.I don't mean to be cruel, but Mr. Schumacher's testimony reminded so much of the -- how can I put this? The gormless pop singers and movie stars who partied with Harvey Weinstein, who incessantly lectured the American people and who also have to lie down if they think too hard. And I'm -- I'm sorry, Mr. Schumacher had a difficult day, but you shouldn't hold yourself out as an expert or have an opinion if you can't defend it.HANNITY: You know, you're from the South, Louisiana, Senator. I'll just say well bless his heart he tried.Here's the serious side of it,. the amount of money that they are already spending, that Joe Biden is spending, that the Democrats are spending and the restrictions they want to put on every American. They want to shove an EV into your driveway, whether you want it or not. They want -- you to get rid of your gas stove, that'd be expensive. They want you to get new refrigerators and they don't really like your air conditioners, nor do they like the fact that you eat meat. That'd be a problem for me considering I'm very keto-friendly and eat a lot of protein and a lot of meat, Senator. That'd be a problem for a lot of people.KENNEDY: Well, I was reading a study this weekend, Sean, by a visiting professor at Stanford, and he says that the cost to make the world carbon neutral by 2050 and to sustain it until 2100 would be $27 trillion a year. That's about 2,000 trillion dollars. That's not a plan, that's a fantasy because countries like China and Russia and Iran and Sub Sahara Africa, India are going to expect the American people to pay for it, and we don't have the money, and I think President Biden is planning on having the American people pay for it.And even if we do our part, we can't depend upon China to do anything other than what is in its self-interest or at least the self-interest of the communist party of China and they will be happy to see us spend all of our money while they spend zero and weaken our country.HANNITY: I don't think we could pay for his immigration plans, his radical climate plans. I think the country's in a lot of trouble in 224 days if that man got reelected.How you feeling about the race? We have about 30 seconds.KENNEDY: If we discovered life on Mars tomorrow, Joe Biden would send it money, I can tell you. I think his only plan is to put a reverse mortgage on Alaska and keep spending, but it's not working.HANNITY: Senator, you are a total gentleman today and I felt bad for the young man. I think he probably wishes he stayed on the slopes but we appreciate your time as always. Great job today.All right. You're going to love this, straight ahead, NBC News, MSDNC news personalities, they're really talk show hosts, they're absolutely losing their minds. Why? Because the network hired Ronna McDaniel. Wait until you see their on-air meltdowns and their temper tantrums.And tonight, Sean Diddy Combs, well, his homes were just raided. We'll explain, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Well, it appears that the inmates now are in fact running the asylum over at NBC and MSDNC after multiple on-air meltdowns from hosts over the hiring of former RNC chair Ronna McDaniel as an NBC contributor. Let's take a look at some of the little temper tantrums and the little outbursts. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHUCK TODD, NBC HOST: There's a reason why there's a lot of journalists at NBC news uncomfortable with this because many of our professional dealings with the RNC over the last six years have been met with gaslighting, have been met with character assassination.JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: You want to ask about our opinion on the hiring but if we were, we would have strongly objected for several reasons, including but not limited to Ms. McDaniel's role in Donald Trump's fake elector scheme and her pressuring of election officials to not certify election results.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But we've also said election deniers is not just they can do that on our airwaves, but that they can do that as one of us, as badge carrying employees of NBC News, as paid contributors to our sacred airwaves.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: We were told this weekend in clear terms, Ronna McDaniel will not be on our air. Ronna McDaniel will not be on MSNBC. And I say that and give you that level of detail because there has been an effort since by other parts of the company to muddy that up in the press and make it seem like that's not what happened at MSNBC. I can assure you that is what happened at MSNBC.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: The vapors, I might hear a different opinion than I have, oh, I'm going to pass out.One NBC insider telling FOX News digital that the push back has been so bad the network is now considering cutting ties with -- about McDaniel.Here with reaction, host of "Tomi Lahren is Fearless" on "Outkick", Tomi Lahren, along with FOX News contributor, our friend Ari Fleischer is with us.Let's go over a few names, Tomi. Jessica Tarlov, Harold Ford, Juan Williams, Leslie Marshall, I happen to like all of them. I don't agree with any of them but I like them.What is so hard about hearing an opinion that might be -- is it that painful? Are they going to melt -- I'm melting. What -- what is the problem?TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I got to tell you, Sean, I actually really enjoyed watching the meltdown because it gave me a little preview of what is to happen if Donald Trump wins in November. I mean, they're absolutely going to lose their minds over that one. So, selfishly, I just enjoy it for the entertainment value.But beyond that, you're exactly right. You know, the left loves diversity of all things. In fact, they mandate diversity of all things, except for ideas and opinions. They can't stand diversity of that. And they're happy to hire people who are so-called Republicans as long as those so-called Republicans hate Donald Trump. I believe it was Joyless Ann Reid who said that it would be okay if they hired Liz Cheney or Adam Kinzinger.Well, of course, we know why that would be because those are more of the RINO types that are more friendly to the preferred narrative that those networks like to push out. But again, they can't stand to be around ideas that challenge them and even more than that they don't want their audience to be exposed to ideas that might challenge their audience because if they were here to hear the truth they might change the way they vote, and these networks simply cannot have that happen.Their Trump derangement syndrome will not allow it.HANNITY: You know, I'm -- I'm on. I've been blessed to be on Fox since the day it went on the air, Ari. I was hired to do a show and my job is to give news and information in an entertaining way. I also give opinion I'm -- I'm -- I don't hide it.The problem with fake news CNN, the problem with MSDNC is they all pretend that they're journalists. Chucky Todd, liberal Joe, they're not journalists. They are liberal talk show hosts but they're not honest about who they are.I'm honest about who I am. I do straight journalism. I could produce thousands of hours of it, investigative reporting, we do sports, we do culture, we do opinion, but I'm upfront about my opinions. I'm -- I'm a conservative.Why can't they just be honest about who they are?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You, Sean, also have the -- you have the ability to be accurate and you are accurate. The track record of accuracy. Look at NBC, as Nicolle Wallace in that clip you played talked about our sacred airwaves, and election denying, let's look at the things that NBC affirmed for their viewers.Trump colluded with Russia affirmers. They had the Steel dossier affirmers. Fifty-one intelligence agents signed a letter about Russian disinformation on the Hunter laptop they affirmed.And my all-time favorite, Donald Trump, if you remember, stole blue mailboxes off the streets to stop people from sending in their ballots, NBC reported, Rachel Maddow reported to her viewers.So if their interest is journalistic, if accuracy matters, then maybe they should go nuts about themselves. Instead of about Ronna McDaniel who is a perfectly reasonable, well-spoken, articulate person who could explain why half of America is for Donald Trump to NBC's viewers.But this is part of the elitism, the snobbery of journalism that is driving journalism out of business. They don't want to know about the views of half of America, and then they wonder why they're in decline. They wonder why they have so few viewers and readers, it's because they're doing it to themselves.HANNITY: I did text Ronna and I said, they just did you a favor. They saved you, however long her contract was for all the aggravation she'd have to go through, listening to insanity and conspiracy theories.All right. Thank you both. Ari, good to see you. Tomi, great to see you.When we come back, all right, well, the rapper Sean Diddy Combs, his homes were raided as part of a reported sex trafficking probe. We have a report, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Properties belonging to rapper Sean Diddy Combs were raided by the Department of Homeland Security today, and I got to tell you, you can look at some of the pictures there, because there's a lot going on. Let me just tell you the very latest. I saw this now. TMZ is actually reporting.Bill Melugin is with us. He has the latest report.Bill, what's going on?BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Sean, a U.S. official confirms the FOX News that these homeland security raids you were just showing at P. Diddy's properties are in fact in connection to a federal sex trafficking investigation. Heavily armed agents could be seen raiding Sean Diddy Combs' house in the Holmby Hills area here in L.A. today. Several people could be seeing being escorted from the property. Some appearing to be detained or arrested, some in handcuffs.Meanwhile, over in Miami, some federal agents there arrived at Combs' waterfront property by boat, conducting a raid there as well. HSI is only confirming an active investigation based out of their New York office.Now, last year, three women accused Combs of abuse in two separate lawsuits. The day after that first lawsuit was filed, Combs and the woman, singer Cassandra Ventura, agreed on a settlement.In the second lawsuit filed in November, two women claimed Combs sexually and forcefully drugged them and then sexually assaulted them back in the 1990s.Two months ago, a male producer also sued Combs accusing him of abuse. Combs' attorney says, none of that is true.We'll send it back to you, Sean.HANNITY: TMZ reporting pictures of him from Miami airport.Let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld is next. See you tomorrow.