NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I wonder what he thinks back then in those days in the 70s when he's coming up at Home Depot if he had the mandate to pay for 40 hours for workers who are actually going to work only 32 hours. I wonder what he think of that. He's pretty frank, has some saucy language. We'll talk to him tomorrow.WATTERS: Hello, everybody! I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Dana Perino, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Another day of the Democrats' lawfare on Donald Trump. While Joe Biden gets a head start in the big 2024 rematch, hitting the campaign trail in Michigan, Former President Trump was stuck in a Florida courthouse trying to get the classified documents case tossed or delayed. Trump's defense team hammering the point other presidents have skated by after holding on to docs post-White House just like the elderly man with the poor memory.And while we wait for that to shake out, a judge in Fulton County could rule at any moment on whether to disqualify Fani over her crazy, stupid love affair with Nathan Wade. He just delivered a massive blow dismissing three of her counts against Trump in the Georgia election case which even CNN admits is pretty embarrassing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ELIE HONIG, SENIOR LEGAL ANALYST, CNN: I don't think this ruling changes the type of evidence that the D.A. is going to be able to introduce but it does knock out some of the charges. And look, it's embarrassing for prosecutors. It's a screw-up by prosecutors when you bring a charge and then a judge throws it out before it even goes to trial.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: And in what could be a huge win for Donald Trump, Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg telling a New York Court that he's open to delaying the Stormy Daniels hush money trial for 30 days which was scheduled to begin on March 25th citing evidence previously possessed by federal prosecutors. Team Trump now sifting through a whopping 100,000 new documents. Remember the feds are the ones who looked at the evidence and declined to prosecute Trump over the Stormy case.Judge, let's go to you first. What is this new evidence that everybody is being so attentive to now?JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, first of all, remember we are two weeks away from the start of the Manhattan trial against Donald Trump. Two weeks before the trial, the D.A. himself, Alvin Bragg, says he wants an adjournment because of discovery. Now, in New York, the discovery laws are very clear. If the defense does not get information, normally within 15 days of arraignment, that case is dismissed, finished.In this case, there is such a massive discovery violation against Former President Trump. This case has to be dismissed. And not only that, Alvin Bragg has dirty hands. You just read it yourself where you said that the feds looked at this case. Everybody knows the feds looked at this case. So, as a result of that, we all know that the feds had records. So, the feds just this week delivered 31,000 records yesterday which should have been delivered within 15 days of arraignment. Next week there's another batch that's going to be delivered and after that there's going to be even more.Now, Alvin Bragg, the man who has pushed for discovery to move it quickly to make sure the defendants get what they're entitled to, he subpoenaed records too. And when he subpoenaed the records, he only got a quote in his own papers a subset of those records. He knew there were more records. He knew he didn't get everything that he asked for. He knew there was more and he didn't -- he didn't follow through. And now he wants to blame President Trump. He is totally wrong.In response, the U.S. attorney refused to produce more records which we disclose to the defendant. No, you don't disclose it to the defendant, you get those records for the defendant because you are presumed as part of the government to have access to those records as well. And now that he wants to say that the U.S. attorney's production is a result of the defendant's delay. No, it's a result of your delay, Alvin Bragg.The fact that you have no case, you took a misdemeanor that's already precluded by the statute of limitations, you bootstrapped a federal crime to it as though you're a federal prosecutor, and now you don't know the fundamentals of New York discovery. That should be dismissed immediately.I want to say one more thing. This is the same thing that's going on in Florida. You've got Jack Smith who wants to charge Donald Trump with obstruction. You can only be charged with obstruction if there is an underlying crime. Possession of a presidential record is not a crime. It belongs to the president. The president at any time can access those records. So, obstruction only applies if there's a crime. There is no crime. This is all lawfare. Fani Willis is a half what -- along with her boyfriend. They don't know how to == how to prepare a bill of particulars. I mean this is ridiculous.WATTERS: Let's get your reaction to this slate-breaking Alvin Bragg hiccup which seems to be quite a significant hiccup, and then also what you think's going to happen with Fani.HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's good to be back with you. The Judge has a strong opinion on this. I've not read -- I've not read -- I don't think I can read it and try to respond at the same time, but what -- based on what you just shared, Judge, if indeed the U.S. attorney's office hadn't produced documents, I don't know what the rules are in terms of how can you go forward in another -- in another jurisdiction unless you fully disclose to everybody including defendant and the court. I don't know -- I don't know those facts. We'll have to wait and see.I think President Trump is also down in court today I think down in Florida before Judge Cannon's court. His team is urging that the case be dismissed there. I read some of that. I read some of their arguments that -- Mr. Trump's arguments there. I wasn't persuaded by his arguments in this instance. I was -- I'm more persuaded by what the Judge has said. I don't have any reason to believe the judge is mischaracterizing this.Judge Cannon I think will tread very carefully down in Florida because the 11th Circuit has already overturned two of her rulings in this matter. And I think she should -- and based on what little I saw from some of our some Fox News earlier, she had some very -- some very tough questions for Mr. Trump's lawyers.I've said from the outset, President Trump is presumed innocent. It is on the government to find and show that he committed some crime. And he's afforded -- he should be afforded as he is every due process that the Constitution allows which is his lawyers are certainly making their case there in Florida.But if what the judge has characterized -- how she's characterized what's happened here in the Manhattan DA's office and in this case, this certainly is something that will be explored and studied here over the next several hours and days.WATTERS: Quite the legal roller coaster Greg Gutfeld.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. Well, I'm afraid the Judge and Harold have taken all my points. So instead, can we pull up the sketch again of -- you know, this is another amazing sketch of Donald Trump. He reminds me of Ron Ely when he played Doc Savage, just very masculine. I want someone to look at me the way the sketch artist looks at Donald Trump, everywhere I go.But this brings up an interesting point. You know how presidents supposedly age faster when they're president?PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: With Trump, it's his critics. Look at Robert De Niro, right? And then look at Bragg. He's now like five Braggs. It's like one Bragg ate another Bragg. He's just bigger and bigger like one of those Russian nesting dolls. I think the court cases are having the opposite effect on Trump. They hoped it would handy cap him. And to some extent, it did by narrowing as I've said before the amount of time spent on doing other things.It turns out that Trump with less time on his hands is a better Trump in general. And it's just -- not just him, I think that these cases have also deepened in galvanized support. People see how the Democrats have galvanized lawfare to subvert an election by destroying the candidate. So, it's creating a new persona for Trump, the defiant victim who through his persecution represents everyone else who isn't a member of the approved elites and their pet causes.So, you look at what's being done to Trump, and you wonder to yourself, could they do that to me? You know, you're right. It is happening. They'll do it to you. They -- look what they did to a lot of the Jan Sixers. And they suppressed evidence while they were putting them on a public trial. So, yes, it can happen to you, Jesse.WATTERS: Is there anything that you'd like to say about the sketch artist?DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Yes, I would definitely. Please. I'll take the sketch artist as well. That would be great. I'm not a lawyer, so - - everybody knows that. There -- what the Biden Campaign wants or the Democrats want and what Bragg wants and all these prosecutors want is for President Trump, one, they want a conviction, OK. But as the Judge pointed out, that's unlikely to happen. But what it has done for the Democratic campaign people is they have put 20-pound weights on Donald Trump's ankles and said go run the New York City marathon and see how you do.And so, he's today in court in Florida while Biden and Harris are out in the swing states giving away federal taxpayer money as campaign favors, and still Trump is in the lead. And why is that? Because Biden's policies are his biggest vulnerabilities. Where they are in the swing states, the economy is doing worse there than other places. Inflation today didn't go down.So, President Trump has to take his opportunities to campaign on the weekends and he's doing those because he has the stamina, energy, power, passion, desire to win. While Biden will be -- I haven't seen the week ahead schedule, but as we've seen over the past few years he goes to the beach for the weekend. I'm not against that but if I was President, I wouldn't be doing that.WATTERS: OK. And they're just telling me that Judge Cannon down in Florida has just denied the Trump motion to toss the case because of the vagueness of the statute, but she does not -- she's not granting the motion on under the Presidential Records Act. That still is now --PIRRO: That's still open?WATTERS: Open.GUTFELD: Do you know what you just said, Jesse?WATTERS: I forgot. I -- what?FORD JR.: I know what you said. You want me to say it for you?WATTERS: You can say it. You can try. Try it, Harold. Give it a shot.FORD JR.: They challenged that and said he should not be charging on this because of the ambiguity of the law.WATTERS: That's what I said.PERINO: That's what he said.FORD JR.: And I guess what -- I guess and I guess what she said is that the law is not ambiguous and I'm not going to toss it.GUTFELD: That's what she said.PIRRO: And she said, but I'm holding -- but she said I'm holding on the Presidential Records aspect that I just talked about and I'll give you my decision later.WATTERS: Thank you for that, Judge. Not Harold.Up next, the violent gangs wreaking havoc in Haiti could be coming to America and Joe Biden isn't stopping them.GUTFELD: That's funny.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Joe Biden sitting by as the bloody chaos in Haiti threatens to unleash a tidal wave of illegal immigrants to Florida. Governor Ron DeSantis is deploying over 250 soldiers to safeguard the Sunshine State from migrant vessels. Right now, Haiti is on the brink of collapse. Bloodthirsty gangs are attempting to seize control and topple the government after taking up arms against its prime minister. They're being led by a brutal warlord known as Barbecue, a former police officer who got the nickname from his penchant to burn his opponents to death.And if this doesn't sound like Afghanistan 2.0, Americans are trapped within the gang-ravaged nation and the State Department doesn't have a plan to get them out. Florida Senator Rick Scott lays the blame squarely on Joe Biden's doorstep.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. RICK SCOTT (R-FL): This is the political unrest that's been caused by a Biden Administration that doesn't know what it's doing. They create a magnet for illegal immigration, they appease evil regimes, and they force the American people pay for all this unrest for humanitarian crisis, for mass border crossings. This is just chaos. It's not good for the people of Haiti. It's not good for Americans.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: So, Harold, now we are faced with an actual explosive chaos while we're already overwhelmed by this daily illegal migrant wave. What do we do? If you were president right now, and I'm not saying you aren't, what would you do?FORD JR.: Well, I'd probably do two or three things. One -- and I think the President is doing one of them -- they've identified Guantanamo Bay as place where they can process what they expect and anticipate to be a ground swell and a large -- a large number of people coming from Haiti trying to avoid -- trying to flee from this.Two, I think it's important to note that our Asylum process is designed to address issues like this. One of the reasons I'm a big proponent of reforming the asylum process is because it seems like today anyone can show up at our Southern Border and say things are really bad at home, let me come in. And we don't really have a way to gauge or measure or determine the severity of how bad things are.This is bad. If Barbecue and his team are doing what -- doing the things they say they're doing and what being reported, and the president of the country can't get back in to get his belongings to leave the country because the gang activity, it's something serious going on there.Now, just one moment on Senator Scott. I don't know -- there's a lot to blame President Biden for and his administration for in terms of inaction around the border, and I've been one to do it. I don't know how Haiti has been wrecked with chaos and disarray and violence regrettably. We talked a little bit about in in the green room even before coming in just how it's amazing the length of time that Haiti has gone through the kind of disarray that it has. So, I don't know where he was coming from.I get the criticism about our border policy but we've got to deal with this. And I think their idea, Greg, to perhaps take these people, take these migrants to Guantanamo and process them there is a smart thing because I would be -- I'm like Governor DeSantis, how do you withstand that kind of pressure on your border if you don't have a large plan or a large scale plan to address it. Hopefully, they do that.GUTFELD: I'm just really disappointed because Conan O'Brien and all those other celebrities told me Haiti was great.PIRRO: Right.GUTFELD: And even went to a five-star rest -- hotel to prove it. Harold makes a good point, Dana, which I'm surprised. He bring -- he talked about the asylum process, and this goes back to what we've been -- like, the asylum process has been so abused that it's now essentially --PERINO: Yes, it's meaningless.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: And -- but when he -- when you say, Harold, that you don't know what Biden could have done.FORD JR.: Well, about Haiti, I don't.PERINO: About Haiti. OK, I'm going to tell you. So, 18 months ago is when the elected leader was murdered and then they put the new guy in. And that guy never actually was elected, he was never accepted, the police wouldn't respond to him. Then they had the gangs -- the gangs -- there were rival gangs, and then all of those gangs banded together. So, now they're just one big, large gang under Barbecue, and the guy -- and the leader of the country left.In the meantime, this is what the Biden Administration did. They're like, French, Macron, will you help? He said no. Canada, will you help? No. Guess who they got to help. The Kenyans. The Kenyans said, we'll give it a shot. We'll fly halfway around the world to 90 miles off the coast of the -- of America to try to solve this. Then their court system said well, you can't send our soldiers there. The Bangladeshi said well maybe we can help.And the Biden Administration meantime is looking at a situation for 18 months. And to me I think this is an emergency that DeSantis is on top of because he has to be, but the Biden Administration has a border czar. Where is she?PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: Right? And I thought she's a foreign policy expert. I don't know where all of this could have possibly gone wrong. And desperate people will leave. And believe me, these people are desperate. And if they were to get to the Southern Border, they wouldn't walk across with the neck pillow and iPhone and a new Louis Vuitton suitcase. They have nothing to eat. So, it's a terrible situation.I know that that the Biden Administration got a lot of stuff on their plate all around the world, but now all of a sudden you say immediately, like, we're going to get the Americans out. It's been going on for months and Americans should have been gotten out before this.GUTFELD: It's -- Dana makes a great contrast, Judge. We spent the last I don't know how long watching people gingerly walk up to the border with suitcases and their fresh clothes. They do not look like they're seeking asylum.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Now you have the real thing it makes -- and it makes the point even clearer.PIRRO: Yes, it makes it very clear. But you know, just to add to what Dana was saying is that Joe Biden decides he's going to throw money at it and he's going to give $150 million to Haiti. Who's he giving it to, Barbecue? I mean, there's no government. It's just gangs there. And you know, the amazing thing --FORD JR.: So, what should he do? I don't -- I still don't understand what you want him to do.PIRRO: Let me just finish.FORD JR.: OK. Yes, Judge.PIRRO: Greg, when you talked about, you know, Haiti is great, Haiti is wonderful when somebody made a comment that it wasn't such a great place. Well, if it's so wonderful and so great, that's not fair either because for years no one has built up Haiti, for years no one has said, look, these people are in a mess, we've got to help them out. Bodies are now decomposing, the prisons are open. Now they're going to -- they're going to come to the United States.And they do have an asylum claim, Harold. My concern is the prisoners, they get out of jail and Ron DeSantis now is in the same position as Greg Abbott. He's going to try to stop them, and then Biden is going to try to stop Ron DeSantis. And the amazing thing is that, you know, my understanding, Dana, is that State Department doesn't have a plan to evacuate Americans just like Afghanistan. They don't even know how many Americans are there.PERINO: It could be thousands.PIRRO: Yes.FORD JR.: But Dana -- but 18 months ago when this problem was happening, why didn't -- why didn't the Americans who were there leave? I mean, it's also responsible, if I were there --GUTFELD: What were they doing there?FORD JR.: So, that's a -- that's an even bigger question. But anyway, I don't mean to interrupt. I still haven't heard what President Biden should have done.GUTFELD: Didn't Clinton like invest a ton of money there?PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: They not only invested $4.4 billion in aid and Hillary Clinton oversaw it as Secretary of State. And now, Haiti is a failed state. Where did $4.4 billion go?FORD JR.: They wasted it. And you all did too you. All gave money to them, President Bush did. You guys gave -- we've given billions of dollars --GUTFELD: I didn't give anybody a dime.PIRRO: Yes, I didn't either.FORD JR.: Well, you did. You just didn't know it.PERINO: Guess what? You did.FORD JR.: You didn't know it.GUTFELD: I stand or sit corrected, Jesse. Are you going to get Barbecue on your show?WATTERS: Yes.GUTFELD: OK. There you go.WATTERS: So, the assassination was very suspicious.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: There were multiple DEA informants and FBI informants indicted for being a part of the assassination plot.GUTFELD: Right. They pinned it on the wife. Maybe she did, maybe she didn't, I don't know, but it looks sketchy. And then -- so you have a failed state and the guy is now out of the country. They're going to have to come in with all this cash and there's going to be some really rough guys that are going to have to go in there and hand cash out and just calm things down, pay off the gangs, and then eventually you're going to have to have a free and fair election which no one is going to believe. So, we're going to have to prop up some guy that's going to probably take some orders from the United States, but it never needed to get this bad.And worst possible scenario is this summer you see rafts and Haitian vessels pour into Florida, pour into Texas, Alabama, and Joe Biden -- you know the Haitians are like the one group of people he doesn't want coming here. Remember a couple years ago they were amassing under the bridge? He doesn't want them. He does not want them.PIRRO: Yes, 12,000 under the Del Rio Bridge.WATTERS: Right.WATTERS: Well, maybe we can get a comedic actor in Haiti to become president.PERINO: But the other thing -- I'll just say, when the Marines were sent to Liberia off the coast, and there weren't that many of them, they were sent off the coast of Liberia. Charles Taylor said, sorry, I'm out of here and he left. So, that was one thing that they could have done that they could even do now.GUTFELD: All right, let's move on, shall we?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: Enough out of you. Coming up, Kamala is sharing her deep thoughts again. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Who's your favorite king you've met?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You're all kings.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: The Veep revealing what she does all day.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: The hits just keep coming for the sinking ship that's Joe Biden's reelection bid. Charlamagne tha God giving his brutal assessment of how things are going for Joe when it comes to the Black vote.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, RADIO HOST: When you look at Joe Biden's approval ratings, he's getting his (BLEEP) kicked everywhere. It's not just Black people.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's fair.CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: So, I think that you know, in order to really get that campaign on the --- on the right track, they got to start looking at the totality of what's happening with that campaign and how different groups of people feel about him.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And Kamala Harris is making the rounds in an effort to shore up support for the ticket. But try not to laugh as she struggles to explain what she does every day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How do you spend your time --HARRIS: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- what you do?HARRIS: In terms of the work, I'll tell you I have by now we've counted -- I've met over 150 world leaders. I have been a part of pushing forward an agenda that is about what we need to do around gun violence and safety. A lot of my work has been to get more money into community banks to extend access to capital for small businesses.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK. You know, Trump supporters, Jesse, among Black voters is up 500 percent in four years. Do you think Charlamagne Tha God is on to something?WATTERS: He is. And I don't know if you read Axios the other day, Dana, but they really laid it out very crisply, Judge. There was a great allegiance among Black Americans to the Democratic Party, but it was based generationally on the Civil Rights Movement. They've grown up in the shadow of the Civil Rights Movement. It's fresh in their mind. They identify Black America with the struggle for civil rights.And as generations pass by, young Black Americans are saying, OK, well, what have you done for me lately? Why are we keeping voting for Democrat politicians when things aren't getting better, when they keep talking a lot about the past but we want to talk about the future?Now, Kamala Harris, can you imagine a reporter asking Dick Cheney what do you do all day? They only ask Kamala what you do all day because she's always justifying her existence. And she's counted the world leaders she's met, Judge. I mean, that's what children do. I've count 150 world leaders. Like, no one cares the number. What have you actually accomplished? She couldn't name it.PIRRO: You know, the truth is that Kamala Harris has today visited an abortion center. How do you think that plays to Americans, Dana?PERINO: I'm not exactly sure. I would imagine that this was given some consideration, careful consideration at the White House because she has been designated the person on the Democratic side that is going to lead the charge to fight back against Republican this election cycle on the issue of abortion.And she can spend her time doing whatever she wants. I was floored when I read the headline today that said Kamala Harris will make history today by visiting an abortion clinic. And it's not that people who are visiting the clinics are bad people. I'm not at all saying that. But why go and make history to do that? Why not talk about the -- maybe visit a foster care family that bringing in children who need care? There's a -- the foster care system is so critical to our country and gets very little attention, especially public attention. It needs a lot more of it and a lot more support. So, I just thought that that was something today that I wouldn't necessarily have done.It's interesting too, Greg mentioned it yesterday, and it is the issue of men and women separating on many issues and it's not -- and this is -- I actually think this is across all races. I don't necessarily think that that is just either in the Black community or White Community. I think it's across the board. And Black communities -- and Herold can correct me if I'm wrong -- but for a long time like, you know, the culture of life is strong there. So, I wouldn't have gone to the abortion clinic for sure.PIRRO: Yes. First on that one. All right, Charlamagne Tha God is now being called a MAGA messenger in a negative way. Isn't he just reading the room?FORD JR.: Well, I think he has every right to say what he wants to say. He certainly has an enormous microphone now and he's given -- and he's given his thoughts as he should. I'd say a couple of things just to put everything -- put things in context for one moment. And I've been critical of the of the Biden Campaign. I've tried to be constructively critical giving him advice on how you should go about thinking how you campaign with all voters, particularly Black and Hispanic voters which is the same way you campaign with everyone else.We want good schools. We want safe neighborhoods. We want our country to be safe and we want prices to go down. If you have a message around that, they're going to resonate I think with all voters, particularly Black and Brown voters, Black and Hispanic voters.Two, some context. In '22 -- 2022, we thought that Republicans would really rack up a lot of big victories. The Democrats actually grew their advantage in the Senate by vote in the House. As we sit here today, because Ken Buck is leaving the House at the end of the month, the Colorado Republican Congressman, the Republicans only have a three-seat majority in the -- in the -- it'll be two-seat majority because Santos, the seat now is gone to Tom Suozzi.You look at '23, Democrats reelected Beshear in Kentucky. They kept them -- they kept a majority in the State Senate in Virginia and won the State House in Virginia. And then obviously Ohio decided to protect a woman's right to an abortion and made it a constitutional protection there in the state. So, Democrats have something to fall back on.I do think it's on somewhat unfortunate that we're going to have a another campaign around abortion and it's going to be -- it's going to be -- it's going to be messy, it's going to be divisive. But we're going to come down to -- it's going to come down to the border and abortion. And I think the thing that could tip it, if the economy does not get better for everyday Americans, and the numbers seem to be trending in the right direction, but if everyday Americans don't feel more economic -- more economically secure, it'll probably be something in favor of President Trump.PIRRO: All right, Greg, I saved this one for you. Kamala Harris is in charge of a Roundtable talking about marijuana reform which I think is kind of ironic given the fact that she's put over 1500 people in jail for marijuana possession, and then when asked about it, she laughed. Do you think she's going to make a lot friends here?GUTFELD: I have no idea. I will say that I have to agree with Harold. Abortion is -- it's divisive literally and it is messy literally, so it will always remain that way for a lot of people. I think when you look at Kamala and Charlamagne or Lenard McKelvey -- is that his name, McKelvey? That's his name, right?PERINO: Oh, I don't know.WATTERS: Who, Charlamagne's name?GUTFELD: Yes, yes, yes.WATTERS: His name is Lenard?GUTFELD: Yes. That's why he changed it. But it's two side of the same story, right? This is a party about abortion and it's a party for women. And men of every color are seeing how they're being abandoned by being branded as the lowest on the totem pole of identity. This is what happens with identity politics, you create a hierarchy, right, of identities and one gets stacked on the other. And all this energy is placed on pigment and not people.And that's a hell of an opportunity cost because as the DEI programs, you know, blossom nothing's being done about prices, crime, illegal immigration. However, you're seeing a lot of conflict between groups of people because that's what DEI does. It even has conflict within DEI.So, I think that the problem with the Dems is that it attracts -- it now attracts a person who attaches herself to every current cause as long as it's politically correct and they're compassion or so-called compassion gives them the excuse to be toxic to everyone else especially other women they don't share their views with, whether it is Riley Gaines or Ashli Babbit, both different types of victims that Liberals don't care about.And I think men at a certain point are like, we can only nod along for so long. Yes, we get it. That's good. That's good. But then it's like, we'll see our way out. And I think that's what -- if you got Charlamagne off to the sides and said what's really bothering you, he said like what is this party, what is this party? It's abortion, abortion, abortion, identity, identity, identity. Why aren't we talking about jobs? Why aren't we talking about prices, like real prices? Why aren't we talking about immigration? Why is it always about my skin color?WATTERS: Thank you for standing up for men, Greg.GUTFELD: This is my new crusade. And I'll stand up for you too, Jesse.PERINO: Yes, men and boys, thank you.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Coming up, THE FIVE will only be on four days a week if Socialist Bernie Sanders gets his way.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Just -- imagine working just four days a week. Senator Bernie Sanders is serious about this idea. He's so serious that he's pushing a bill that would reduce the standard work week from 40 to 32 hours, but you still get the same pay even if you overtalk someone. The senator getting feisty with our own very -- with our very own Hillary Vaughn when she on it in the Senate hallways. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): We work the longest hours of any people in the industrialized world. I think it's time for a shortened work week.HILLARY VAUGHN, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Can I ask you a question about that? It seems like Democrats want businesses to be taxed more, pay their --SANDERS: Really, that's not my assumption. I don't think so.VAUGHN: -- pay their workers more, lower prices, pay people not to work.SANDERS: You know what Democrats -- you know what I would like to see? I can --VAUGHN: How are businesses going to --(END VIDEO CLIP)FORD JR.: Dana, you seem like you might have coached. She was so good there. Whatever you call that. I thought that she was very calm.PERINO: She was so calm. And he was like yelling at her like, get off my lawn, Hillary. Also, I think it would have been funny if she said you're talking about a 40-hour work week, you are a Democratic member of Congress. When is the last time Washington worked 40 hours in Washington?FORD JR.: He seems to be fired up about it. What do you think about the proposal?PERINO: Anyway, the proposal, here's the thing. I think that -- the reality is I think this is going to happen, maybe not in the next 10 years -- maybe within like 10 years, but for some people it is a reality already. It is happening for them and they're figuring out a way to do it.I also think that having a good job that you love with people that you like working with is such a benefit so good for your mental health, it's great for your socialization, it's great for the economy, it's a great for you to be able to provide for your family and to put uh savings away so that you can have money for a rainy day or save up for your retirement and not think that the government is going to do this for you.Now, remember when Hillary Clinton said it's going to be so great when we have ObamaCare because then you can just like learn to play the flute and write poetry? Like, that doesn't help the economy. We need people to be able to work. And I just wonder if he thinks of all these people who are coming across to America because they want economic advancement, do you think they only want to work 32 hours? I better hope not.FORD JR.: Exclamation Point, what are your thoughts here?GUTFELD: Well, first, Dana, not everyone gets to do the job that they love. My knee injury prevented me from my career in Chip and Dales, so here I am at THE FIVE. This proposal never goes away. And I think it will be hard on people like Jesse switching to a four-day work week because then I'll have to work two extra days. But I go by what I see.Technology has allowed you to compress work but also expand and camouflage tedium. So, you get all the work done in a fraction of the time and then you spend the rest of the day on social media, texting, or rereading emails you sent that you were really proud of.PERINO: I do that.GUTFELD: Who doesn't do that?PERINO: Wow, I nailed it.GUTFELD: I nailed it. I wonder what they're thinking. In your face.FORD JR.: Judge, what do you think about thisPIRRO: You know, I don't have a lot of thoughts about it. You know, you read -- one thing, 78 percent of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck. I mean, that's scary. But then you read things like France does it, Norway does it, Denmark works these lesser hours, and they say there's an increase in productivity. I worry about the businesses. I don't know what the businesses are going to do.You know, if you want to reduce your stress level, put the phone down and go for a walk in the woods like Jesse does every morning or you know, just learn to breathe. I've never learned to breathe. It just -- it just makes me -- it gives me anxiety. Once I breathe in, I get anxious. I was like, OK, that's it, I'm done.FORD JR.: In defense of yourself here.WATTERS: I'm just so glad you came to me, Harold, because in Get It Together I interviewed an anti-work activist. And her proposed policy is this, two months paid off, that is not including vacations and holidays. Holidays you don't even have to ascribe to the religion. I can take Kwanzaa, Greg can take Rosh Hashanah even if he's not Jewish.And so, if -- also, if you have a baby, maternity leave is a year and paternity is a year. This is what she wants but she didn't think about how that would result in probably the economy of Spain. No offense of Spain. We love you but we don't want to be Spain.FORD JR.: Today marks two years since the deadly attack in Ukraine that took the lives of two of our Fox News colleagues and changed Benjamin Hall's life forever. He joins us next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: Welcome back. Today marks two years since the attack in Ukraine that devastated the Fox News Media family. A vehicle carrying three journalists was struck in Ukraine by Russian fire. Beloved Fox News Photographer Pierre Zakrzewski was killed. We also lost producer Sasha Kuvshynova. She was just 24 years old. Pierre and Sasha's heroism and hard work will never be forgotten.And Fox News Correspondent Benjamin Hall, he was the sole survivor in the attack and suffered severe injuries which he has overcome. And he's overcome so much physically and has found strength and courage in his journey and he joins us now. And it's wonderful to see you and looking so well.BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, it's nice to see you guys too. Yes.PERINO: On a day like this, what does an anniversary bring up for you?HALL: I think there are two parts to it. One hand is about my own journey, how I've recovered, how far I've come. And I feel immensely grateful for that. And many of soldiers who are injured like I've been injured call it their alive day. It's the day where you look forward and you realize you've been given a second chance at life. Don't waste that opportunity.But on the other hand, I have to remember Pierre and Sasha. Like, I can heal. My injuries can heal. I can walk. I'm fine, but that's an injury that can't heal. And so, I think today is about remembering them, remembering their families, remembering the work they've done, and giving the day to them rather than to me.PERINO: We'll take it around the table for any sorts of questions. You want to go?GUTFELD: Sure. I -- you know, I talk to Joey Jones a lot about this. And when he talks about what happens, it always amazes me the resiliency of the human body and the human mind. How do -- how did you feel about how you responded to it? I mean, were you surprised that you could handle it?HALL: Yes, you know, I've covered a lot of conflicts and I've seen a lot of people injured the way I've been injured, and I always ask myself, how would it be if I was there? You know, would I cope with it? And to be honest, I'm very proud with the way I did cope with it. I knew what was needed. I knew I had to get home to my family. And if you got one goal in mind and you trust the people around you, you can get through it.And I honestly think that that strength is inside everyone. You might not believe it but when your back is to the wall, when you got nowhere to go, you will find that extra strength. And I found that numerous times when I didn't think I could keep going. I told myself I had extra strength. I told myself I could get through pain, and you can. You can. It's inside you. So, people have to remember that.PERINO: Judge?PIRRO: What about your faith. Is your faith in God, is it -- is it something that you call upon as a part of your life now?HALL: Yes, it's really interesting because when I was lying on the side of the road and my leg was gone, my foot, and I was badly injured, I went to two places. One of them was to my family and I thought of my children, the other one was to God. And you know, I'm a Catholic but I don't go to church that often. Nevertheless that's where I went.When you everything else is taken away from you, I said a prayer. And so, that stays close to me. I still feel very spiritual. Though I'm not going to church as often as I should, but I certainly feel a connection now that I didn't before.PERINO: Harold?FORD JR.: I thought one of the most incredible parts of your story when you came two years ago, you talked about the vision of your kids and how at that very moment how that -- how that made you react. And two, you wanted to be away from them during part of the recovery because you didn't want them bogged down by this. Tell us just a little bit of that again. I'm -- I was still amazed in it really. It was remarkable to hear you share that part of the story.HALL: Well, it was after the second bomb had landed and I blacked out and I had the injuries on my face. So, shrapnel in the eye and in the throat and my skull. I saw my daughter. I blacked out. And she came to me. And I saw her and she said, daddy, get out of the car. You got to get out of the car. And that was the second before the third bomb hit the car itself.So, you know, she's been incredibly important throughout it, all my daughters have. And they continue to motivate me today.PERINO: Your paperback is now out. It's an amazing book. Jesse has a book out.WATTERS: I would suggest everybody get Saved.PERINO: Yes.WATTERS: Not my book, Get It Together. Saved.GUTFELD: That is so hard you, Jesse.PERINO: You know what? You could -- you could get them both.HALL: There's space for two books on the shelf.PIRRO: Yes.WATTERS: If you say so.HALL: OK.PIRRO: You know, you give so many other people strength when they say, why am I worried, you know. God bless you for what you've done for all of us.HALL: When you get through anything that's difficult in the same way, whether it's losing limbs or whether it's having a really difficult day at work or your family, you think about it and you find a way through.PERINO: All right, guys --PIRRO: Thank you.FORD JR.: God bless you.PERINO: Thank you.WATTERS: Thank, Benjamin.PERINO: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time for "ONE MORE THING." Oh, but I'm not in charge.WATTERS: Oh, I'm not in charge.GUTFELD: I'll take it from here, children. Oh, this is embarrassing. This is a popular show and nobody takes it seriously, not at least.PIRRO: This?GUTFELD: Yes. Tonight, 10:00 p.m., Lee Zeldin, Tyler Fischer, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. This is going to be a great one.WATTERS: Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," the Aaron Rodgers VP threat has people going bonkers. Tune in to "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME" at 8:00 Eastern.GUTFELD: Is he on? Is he on?WATTERS: He's on after Barbecue.GUTFELD: Oh, OK.PERINO: OK.PIRRO: Barbecue.PERINO: And Get It Together comes out on Tuesday.WATTERS: Yes, on Tuesday.PIRRO: All right -- don't forget that. All right, there's nothing better than a sweet treat after dinner. One clever toddler named Callie should have made it to the Oscar. She delivers an amazing performance pretending she's eating her food in order to get ice cream afterwards. Take a look at this. Watch this.GUTFELD: Very good.PIRRO: Her mother was like, eat that.PERINO: You know what? My sister, Angie, she had that years ago.WATTERS: All right, Dana, I'm going to toss. Is that all right?PIRRO: You got to toss?WATTERS: Bye, everybody!