BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report and for this week. Fair, balanced and still unafraid, THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE and thanks as always for being with us tonight. Forcing Fani's hand. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. Today, Fani Willis lost her special prosecutor, her credibility and any hope for a political future. And Democrats' dream of drowning Donald Trump and a flood of legal cases is not working out like they'd hoped. And now they're the ones caught in the undertow.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NICK VALENCIA, CNN CORRESPONDENT: A technical win for Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis but a massive indictment on her behavior.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It is a slap to the head to the prosecutor but not at fatal knock down punch.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's highly unlikely that this will start before the election. This really did help the Trump team not only in terms of delaying it, but also in undermining the credibility of the overall justice system in the prosecutions against Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Judge Scott McAfee didn't take the entire load off on it. He didn't flat out disqualify her from the election interference case. But the ruling handed down today was filled with bad news for the Fulton County DA and it was good news for Trump and his co-defendants. Let me count the ways on this Friday night.First, sighting Willis's romantic relationship with her special prosecutor Nathan Wade, the judge found a significant appearance of impropriety that infects the current structure of the prosecution team. So whatever happens going forward right, the entire DA's office proceeds with a major blackeye.Second, because Willis dug her heels in and failed to step aside from the case when her and Wade's relationship became public, the judge had to force her hand. She was ordered to either fire Nathan Wade, or she and her entire prosecutorial team had to resign from the case. Now late today Wade announced his resignation.Third, the judge gave a striking review to Willis's overall conduct. Although the judge gave her the option of staying on if she dumped Wade, he made clear this finding is by no means an indication that the court condones this tremendous lapse in judgment, or the unprofessional manner of the District Attorney's testimony during the evidentiary hearing. Now, Willis did not do herself any favors, and we talked about this at the time, when she marched to the stand on February 15.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, FULTON COUNTY: You think I'm on trial? These people are on trial for trying to steal an election in 2020. I'm not on trial no matter how hard you try to put me on trial. I'm not trying to emasculate a black man, but I'm just telling you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm sorry, what?WILLIS: I'm not going to eat emasculate a black man. Did you understand that?JUDGE SCOTT MCAFEE: All right, let's get back on track. (inaudible) let's get to the next question.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trying to, your honor.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The judge may have been overly patient with Willis during the hearing. But he was obviously saving his words for his opinion. He's had it with her grandstanding.Fourth, Judge McAfee thought Willis's church speech was way out of bounds.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WILLIS: I appointed three special counsels as is my right to do, paid them all the same hourly rate. They only check one. I hired one black man. Another superstar, a great friend and a great lawyer. Oh Lord, they're going to be mad when I call them out on this nonsense. First thing they say, oh, she going to play the race card now. But no, God, isn't it them who's playing the race card when they only question one?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: On those remarks Judge McAfee wrote the effect of this speech was to cast racial aspersions at an indicted defendant's decision to file this pre-trial motion. And although the judge didn't conclude that the speech actually denied defendant's right to a fair trial, he described it as legally improper.A DA with basic common sense and respect for ethics would never have given that speech. Fifth, the judge opened the door to granting a gag order against Willis in this case, this is my favorite. She - he wanted the DA not to wade further into the dangerous waters that she created.The time may well have arrived for an order preventing the state from mentioning the case in any public forum to prevent prejudicial pretrial publicity. Holy moly, gagging Fani. Now I would have loved to have been a fly on the wall when she read that section of the opinion. I know she's probably crying racism or maybe she made I don't know Nathan take her to lunch. I hope she paid since he's out of a job now.The faces of the "Get Trump" media types told the tale today. They say the Democrats campaign by lawfare strategy failing, and they're worried.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREA MITCHELL, MSNBC HOST: he's used it to his advantage, as you know, his polling has gone up with every court appearance. We saw he was in Florida in court but he didn't even need to be just yesterday. So now, this is more, you know, more help for him in this political campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: But even as they see these cases, backfiring, they're still banking on a jury saving them from a second Trump term, even after the election.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This case, if it goes to trial will be on television, every day. It's the only one that will. That is different in this as well. And it's also one should he become president that he cannot do anything about because it's a state case.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If there is any sort of a conviction, if a jury actually convicted him in one of these cases ongoing here, if that could somehow shift public opinion in some way. But the longer these trials get delayed, the less likely it seems that there would be an end in one of these cases before the election takes place.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I mean they are so desperate. OK. All this goes to show that the Democrats still have no real agenda to run on. They certainly have no track record of success to boast about all they can do is hope, hope to be saved by a Trump conviction, even if he becomes president. It's unbelievable. Otherwise, their agenda is essentially summed up by the acronym wart, yeah, WART, weed abortion, race, and transgenderism. How inspiring. And that's the Angle.All right. Joining me now Jonathan Turley, George Washington University law professor. Jonathan, great to see you tonight.JONATHAN TURLEY, LAW PROFESSOR, GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY: Thank you.INGRAHAM: This was one of my favorite lines from Judge McAfee's ruling. He said neither side was able to conclusively establish by a preponderance of the evidence when the relationship between Willis and Wade evolved into a romantic one. However, an odor of mendacity remains.OK, that pretty much sums it up Professor, taint. How can an impartial jury actually be selected now?TURLEY: Well, that's a very good question you just need to Tennessee Williams at this moment to give it the right Southern Gothic flair. But it really is an astonishing opinion in this disconnect, because he clearly did not believe Nathan Wade, and many people believe Nathan Wade committed perjury. But these two essentially testified in tandem.She adopted his testimony. So if he lied, then she pretty much lied the same way. They both maintained that the relationship began after he was hired, and really held a sort of unified front. I think that what the judge was trying to do in giving these two options to Wade, was to gently give a third option to Willis, and that option is to remove yourself, take the ethical course.And I think that's very clear in his opinion. And nobody reading this opinion with these damning findings, could possibly believe that Willis can continue to be part of this case. She's prosecuting people for the underlying conduct she's accused of committing with Nathan Wade, false statements given to a court, false filings that have been submitted.How could she possibly continue that without damaging her case? But the problem is that she's had this opportunity to take the high road repeatedly and she clearly has had never wanted to do that. And this will be probably her last chance to do the right thing and to remove herself.INGRAHAM: Well, just as a matter of her own self-interest at this point, you would think she would, but she's quite defiant, as you saw in her testimony in that evidentiary hearing, and she's quite indignant about the whole thing. You almost get the sense, Professor that she would think that was handing the Trump team just a huge victory, even if the case obviously would go on to another, you know, another prosecutorial team and she just doesn't want to do that. I mean, do you think in the end, she does step aside?TURLEY: Right. Well, that's the irony, because the best thing for Trump may be for her to continue. You know, she is damaged goods. Every time she's associated with this case, it reminds people of the rather dubious way this came about and more importantly, she has always put her personal interest ahead of the office, ahead of the interest of the case and certainly ahead of the interest of the people of Fulton County, but this is going to get a lot more sporty, going forward for her and Wade.You know he's accused of lying on the stand. She's accused of professional misconduct. There's going to be proceedings unfolding. They are going to be witnesses or the accused in some of those proceedings, if they do go forward. To be able to do that and maintain this case is rather ludicrous.INGRAHAM: And you know when she said conduct was legally improper, Jonathan, then he says that there could be - he was inviting the defendants, Trump and his co-defendants to file a motion for a gag order against the state. I don't think I've ever seen a judge ever do that, ever. That to me was striking. Am I misreading that?TURLEY: No, there you're not. The only the more striking is to see some of these networks that just previously praised her for her performance on the stand. People said, well, this is what you get for putting a good lawyer on the stand. A lot of us were just - just flummoxed to be there.INGRAHAM: We were laughing.TURLEY: What we saw was not good lawyering. Right. And the judge clearly agreed with most of us and said, that was an incredibly unprofessional effort on the stand as a witness. And so suddenly, today, you have all the same people saying, you know, she's pretty damaged goods. She's got to go. The point is that, for people that want to see this as a takedown for Trump, she's now a major liability. And she has few friends left.INGRAHAM: Jonathan, just finally, they're pushing, as you heard in some of that media commentary, the possibility that if Trump is elected president, then the trial can continue maybe in late November or Christmas time, January, and then they're going to get Trump. What are the prospects of that?TURLEY: Well, you have to keep in mind that we're not even in the weeds yet of the trial. We haven't even gotten into the fact that this is one of the weakest and most bizarre racketeering cases I have seen.INGRAHAM: Ever.TURLEY: I mean, there was very little connection right between these 18 or so defendants, except of their political views, and their loose alliances. But to put this together, this thing is so thin, and it got a lot thinner with the dropping of these recent counts. But they still have to somehow prove this racketeering theory, which is - which is going to face serious appellate review even if they can get jurors to sign off on it.INGRAHAM: Yeah. They should just cut their losses, Biden should just come out and say, you know, let's end this law fair. Let's have a real campaign and go with the - if you - if his people were a lot smarter, at this point, that's what he would do, but they're not going to do that. Jonathan, so great to see you tonight. Thanks so much.All right, if campaigning at an abortion clinic wasn't macabre enough? Well, now Kamala is pushing pot. Well, we'll hash out all the details. Bad pun, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Because they're not so high in the polls, they're trying to get high in another way. By pretending to be cool, especially with cannabis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have you ever smoked?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I have.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK.HARRIS: And I inhale - I did - I did inhale. It was long time ago. It was a joint.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wow, she's cool. She did such a good job as the borders czarina that now she's the administration's weed warrior as well. Desperate to smoke out the youth vote which may be drifting toward Trump, Harris convened to pro-pot roundtable at the White House.Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear and prominent rapper Fat Joe, they were there to hash out all the details of what the White House is calling marijuana reform.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRIS: We have directed the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Justice to reassess how marijuana is classified under the federal drug schedule. And I cannot emphasize enough that they need to get to it as quickly as possible.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I can see the bumper sticker now. Biden, Harris numb and dumber. Joining me now is Sean Duffy, co-host of FBN's "The Bottom Line" and Dr. Marc Siegel, a Fox News contributor. Sean, first off of that laugh of hers. Kamala always sounds high to me. But seriously, well this really blunt Trump's momentum. OK, putting bad puns.SEAN DUFFY, CO-HOST OF FBN'S THE BOTTOM LINE: OK, I don't think so. I think people care more about the economy, they care more about their prospects, their jobs. But you should aspire as a leader to say, you know what, I want people to get a job, I want them to have a family. I want them to be self- reliant, as opposed to I want them depressed, I want them high. And I want to be able to control them through policies that get people hooked on drugs.We should - we should aspire for greater than drug use, and I'm sure Dr. Siegel's going to talk about this but the psychosis that goes along with cannabis use with young adults and the - the mental impediments that come to kids who use drugs, it's very real. And my concern, Laura, just really quick is the fact that we used to be a Christian nation and we used to have morality and the fact that we're sliding into this paganism where we're pushing abortion and drug use so people are, to your point numb and dumb, is outrageous and more good people got to stand up and push back against these ridiculous policies.INGRAHAM: Yeah. And Dr. Siegel, I think you and I and a few others have been on this issue for a long, long time. And we're not very cool sometimes when we are on this issue. But I'm thinking of the good people of Kentucky with Andy Beshear, there, right? And I'm thinking, how can they think this is a good thing?As Sean just alluded to this study that recreational cannabis use by teens is linked to depression, suicides and suicidal ideation. So why is this in any way something we should be encouraging right now with all the other problems we have in society? Or is that the point?DR. MARC SIEGEL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think that's the point on their side. And by the way, he only left out one thing which Sean was - was focusing on when he was in Congress in 2018, which is marijuana is a gateway drug. At a time when we have a huge fentanyl problem going across the border.By the way, pot is sometimes laced with fentanyl. And yes, teens have issues with anxiety due to pot. It's been proven, there are developmental delays in infants when - when pregnant women smoke pot. There's a new study, as you know, that pot is toxic to the heart, to the lungs. It definitely cannabis induced psychosis, which Sean was pointing out and in states, 24 states where it's legal, there's even more illicit use than before.So the idea of relaxing the restrictions here and by the way, I've got to give you a nod Laura to something you did. You made a medical diagnosis. I thought the same thing. When I saw that giggling going on there. That may be because last week when we were on, we - you had someone on. You said did you - did you get high right before you come on. I don't know what the Vice President was giggling about there.INGRAHAM: Yeah, it was - it was a couple of years back. But not everybody in Washington guys, is on board to the Biden's pot push. The Wall Street Journal report describes how many federal officials at the DEA think that more research is needed about marijuana's long term health effects.Sean, we now know the link to strokes and heart damage, heart attacks, with regular weed use. And when it's more, you know, it's destigmatized among adults, what happens is that kids think it's cool too. And they do it much more than they did in the past. And it's a different - different level of THC, obviously, as well.DUFFY: Right. It's way stronger than the marijuana of the 70s and the 60s, no doubt, but you make also really good point, the fact that, you know, we have you know, American leaders saying this is actually a good thing to do, let's destigmatize it, that's going to encourage I think more kids to use it. It's not a problem. This is - this is not as dangerous as alcohol, and it's organic, and it's natural. And why don't we just smoke it?As opposed to you know, I was a prosecutor, Laura, if someone had a dime, they're wrapping this around criminal justice. When I was a prosecutor, if someone had a dime bag, I'll refer him for a city citation. I didn't prosecute them criminally. Now if you had a pound of marijuana, and were selling that, yeah, that was a different story. But to think that we're criminalizing marijuana by someone who has personal use amounts on their - on their, in their possession is absolutely false.And they're trying to change our perceptions of marijuana through aggressive prosecution when that's not the case. Good prosecutors don't do that. This is a way to get again, it's about getting people high and on drugs so they can't recognize that the country is falling apart. There's no jobs, there's no opportunity and prices keep going up. And if you're - if you're - if you're numb and dumb and you're stoned out, you're going to be OK with that as opposed to someone who's cognizant, looking at what Joe Biden has done to their family and their economy, they're going to go hell no, I want someone else.SIEGEL: Laura, quick point.INGRAHAM: Yeah welcome to Zombieland.SIEGEL: A quick point about THC, you made a great point about THC. It's up to 30 percent now and it's affecting the heart directly. It stimulates the heart, the blood pressure goes up, the heart rate goes up, risk of heart attack and stroke. And by the way, it may be possible if they actually were serious about medical marijuana to do it without the THC whatsoever. That's not the part that we use to decrease pain. That's the part that makes you psychotic. And that's the part that ruins our teens. But this is political. It's not medical at all.INGRAHAM: It's political, and it's big money too. Big money's on the line and big lobbying dollars. Sean, Dr. Siegel, thank you.All right. Now a note about a graphic we showed at the top of the show. It was supposed to be Fani Willis and Nathan Wade, but accidentally, we broadcast Terence Bradley. That was obviously not intentional. We made a mistake and we are sorry for that. Coming up, Biden said the border program would make things better. Maybe he should tell that to the teen who was just raped by someone who came in through it. The disturbing details next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Democrats plan to overwhelm our system with illegals. It's paying off in horrific ways. Beyond the millions of indigents are roving criminal gangs, random hoodlums and even potential spies and terrorists.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You're releasing hundreds of thousands and millions of folks into American communities and you don't -- they're not properly vetted, you don't know who they are. And so, whether they're public safety threats like we saw obviously with Laken Riley, or they're national security threats, you have an issue here.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now one specific visa program that Biden is very proud of, admits into the country up to 30,000 migrants from Cuba, Nicaragua, Venezuela and Haiti every month. They're even flown into the country. The entire process is shrouded though in secrecy. We don't know where they're actually being flown to.DHS Secretary Mayorkas tried to defend this as a key element of our efforts to address the unprecedented level of migration. What? And now Biden's fast-tracking of illegals into the country has resulted into another -- in another crime against a child.This man Corey Alvarez, a Haitian national, was charged this week with raping a 15-year-old disabled girl at a Comfort Inn in Hingham, Massachusetts. Yeah, the Comfort Inn is used as a migrant shelter. Both the victim and Alvarez reside there.Now this crime is just one crime. It's just the beginning. Given the current chaos in Haiti, Governor DeSantis of Florida has called up state maritime forces to stop boatloads of Haitians from landing on state beaches.Joining me now is Jeanette Nunez, Lieutenant Governor of Florida. Look, Lieutenant Governor, this is so serious and you get the sense that the Biden administration is planning to bring more people here. This is not an accident. They are bringing more people in month after month claiming that's helping them with the flow of migrants at the border? What?JEANETTE NUNEZ (R) LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR OF FLORIDA: Well, that's exactly right, Laura. And what you see is this continuation of this Biden border policy that doesn't work, that puts us at risk, it makes our children less safe, and that example is just one of many, and which is why under the leadership of our great governor, Ron DeSantis, we've had to step up and fill the gap. We've had to do their job for them.And as such, the governor has deployed additional 250 officers. We've had to deploy additional air assets, land assets, sea assets, and we're going to continue to make sure that they're not going to reach our shore, which is something that we've been very intentional about.And again, it's really something that's been disastrous from day one. The border policies, the secret parole programs like you mentioned, and it's just really a disaster.INGRAHAM: Now this should give everyone a sense, everyone across America watching tonight, of what's coming. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Within the last couple of weeks, our Florida Fish and Wildlife officers interdicted a vessel that had 25 illegal immigrants, potentially illegal immigrants from Haiti. In their boat, in their vessel, they had firearms, they had drugs, they had night-vision gear, and were boating very recklessly, which would potentially endanger other folks.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, so those people were turned over to Coast Guard for being turned back for deportation. Do you have any idea what happened after that, Lieutenant Governor?NUNEZ: So, typically, when they're interdicted at sea and they are not allowed to reach our shores, they are deported back to their country of origin. And since we started this program back in January of 2023, because at that time South Florida and the Florida Keys was being overwhelmed by Haitian migrants, what we've seen is we have interdicted over 16,000 individuals, more than 670 vessels.And so, all of these individuals that have been trying and taking to the Florida Straits to get to our state, it's something that the Governor, like I said, back in January of 2023, he had the presence of mind to send those resources and assets there, and now we're surging because we expect that with this Haitian situation, the political instability, we're going to be facing some difficult times.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, you can't rely on the administration to do its job. The states have to, you know, take actions into their own hands, and lawfully so. Lieutenant Governor, thank you for your perspective tonight.Now it's time for our political palate cleanser. Now, UFC Hall of Famer Mark Coleman was battling for his life this week after he sustained injuries while saving both of his parents from a house fire. His daughter said that he ran into their burning house multiple times to rescue them. He was hospitalized and unable to breathe on his own until yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I'm the happiest man in the world. I swear to God, I'm so lucky. I can't believe my parents are alive. I had to make a decision, Wes, because I got out of my room and went to the door, and it was already horrible. I couldn't breathe. I almost had to go outside and I went back and got them. I can't believe it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Lucky man, brave man, lucky family. God is good. Now coming up, why does the most powerful man in the world need permission to talk? Plus, some news out of key swing states that will leave the Biden team, well, on a Friday terrified. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: As kids, we're taught to ask permission from grown-ups before we do anything that might get us in trouble. But we're not used to seeing adults engaging in this practice, especially not the President of the United States.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: With your permission, I'd like to stay a few, my staff will tell me when the drop- dead hour occurs.UNKNOWN: Can I take a few questions?UNKNOWN: Thank you, guys.BIDEN: I better not start the questions or I'm going to get in trouble. Am I allowed to take any questions?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: How is it, how is it OK that the man who has access to the nuclear codes isn't given access to the press? And why isn't the press bothered by this? Even when they see the President being manhandled by his gatekeepers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Mr. President, do you agree with Chuck Schumer that Netanyahu should go?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, maybe nudge, just more accurate. They're more petrified, though, that Biden may actually take a question than they are about a terror cell crossing the southern border. And this begs the question, who's the person or persons keeping the leader of the free world from speaking? And why are they doing this?America deserves to know because whoever is holding Biden on a choke chain is also making other big decisions, we suspect. And we want to hold whoever is doing that accountable.Now, while Biden's handlers have to give him permission to speak, it looks like America won't give him permission for a second term. The new RealClearPolitics electoral map shows Trump dominating state by state by state by state. And if those numbers hold up, Trump is on track to eclipse his 2016 electoral count by eight votes and enter his second term with an undeniable mandate to govern.Joining me now, Ned Ryun, founder and CEO of American Majority. Ned, it's 234 days out from the election. We've seen how far the handlers of Biden are going to go to keep him in power. They're relying on lawfare, isn't quite working how they thought it would.But what should Trump and the GOP be doing between now and November to ensure that he not only gets to 270 electoral votes, but gets way over 270 electoral votes to where this RealClearPolitics map shows him about 316, 320?NED RYUN, AMERICAN MAJORITY FOUNDER AND CEO: Well, I'm glad you asked. I mean, the poll's great, right? He never led in 2016 or 2020. But you know, the left's going to close the gap with their ballot collecting machine. And if the elections were today, sure, Trump wins, but they're not. Like you said, they're seven months from now, over seven months from now.And I think that we, as Republicans, and Trump need to run like we're behind. And I think the biggest thing that the right needs to understand is that elections today are not necessarily about votes, about persuading voters, but it's about ballots. How big is your ballot universe? And are you going to collect more ballots than the left, especially in the battleground states?So, if I were Trump in the RNC, I'd be doing more to generate absentee ballots among low propensity voters in those battleground states, putting the infrastructure in place to collect those ballots.I mean, let's face it, Laura, Trump's not catching anybody by surprise this fall. For him to win, for us to save America, there has to be an absolute tsunami of GOP ballots in those battleground states. And while there is work being done, there's more that needs to be done to make that a reality.INGRAHAM: Well, earlier today, Martha McCallum interviewed Mike Pence about who he is not endorsing. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Donald Trump is pursuing and articulating an agenda that is at odds with the conservative agenda that we governed on during our four years. And that's why I cannot in good conscience endorse Donald Trump in this campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Ned.RYUN: So, you want another second term of Biden? I mean, Laura, that was loathsome for Mike Pence to say. And honestly, Mike Pence, Nikki Haley, every last Republican should be endorsing Trump. If you care about this country, if you care about the Constitution, our country cannot survive another four years of this administration. We are already on the brink.And the only man who is going to be the GOP nominee that can beat Joe Biden is Donald J. Trump. So, get behind Trump. Save the country.INGRAHAM: I don't know what he's talking about. Trump's not pushing for the policies that they govern. What is he talking about? I think it makes - - Pence should just go down to the border and start welcoming people in because he might as well do that and just start working directly for Biden. Ned, thank you.Now to Ohio, where Tuesday's GOP Senate primary is shaping up to be a nail biter. And with just days left, more than 30 percent of voters there are still undecided. Now in the race are state Senator Matt Dolan, Secretary of State Frank LaRose, and the candidate endorsed by Donald Trump, businessman Bernie Moreno.Now on the issues, it's fair to say that Moreno is the most MAGA of all the candidates. And tomorrow, Trump's holding a big rally just outside of Dayton for him. Bernie Moreno joins me now. Bernie, good to see you tonight.Now, this is a really important race. The GOP wants to pick up that Senate seat by knocking off Sherrod Brown. And why aren't you running away with this then, since you're the most MAGA?BERNIE MORENO, OHIO GOP SENATE CANDIDATE: Well, it's easy. I have an opponent that's funded by a family that has billions of dollars that can put endless money into this race. I've not been on a ballot before. I'm not somebody who's held public office. I've been a business guy my whole life. I'm a legal immigrant from South America that started a business, that never thought for a million years I'd be running for office.But these Republicans, these rhinos, these swamp creatures that are reliable Democrat votes have motivated me to run. That's why I'm doing it. That's why we're going to win, because the base understands we can't have a repeat of 2017 in which President Trump is in the White House, that he's got a bunch of Republicans, in name only, that vote with Democrats.INGRAHAM: And Bernie, an old story conveniently resurfaced, stunk to high heaven today, existence of some 2008 profile on an adult website. It's a late hit, no doubt. But how can you reassure voters that this is all nonsense?MORENO: Well, it's complete nonsense. Unfortunately, somebody did it as a prank back in 16 years ago, admitted to it, poor guy, really good person that did it. The AP knew it was fake. The news media has gotten so disgusting that for them to publish a story that even the National Enquirer would not have run, shows you the depth of depravity that our mainstream media is all about, because they're so desperate to have an America last, pro-Ukraine, basically squishy, spineless Republican in the United States Senate to blunt President Trump's agenda, that that's the kind of desperate spear attacks they're doing.I've been married for 35 years. I hit the lottery with a great wife and four kids, and it's despicable what those guys are doing.INGRAHAM: Well, everybody's got to get out and vote. The big primary in Ohio, Bernie Moreno is endorsed by President Trump. It's going to be a big rally there tomorrow outside of Dayton. Bernie Moreno, we wish you the best of luck. Thank you.All right, coming up, coaching legend Nick Saban calling out the state of college football. You're going to hear from him, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Would you eat a snake if it meant saving the planet? Well, if you said yes, we have some great news for you. Fox's Kevin Cork is here with all the details. Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Laura, as Indiana Jones famously said, snakes. Why did it have to be snakes? Now, that said, before we get too much credence to this report from Scientific Reports, keep in mind this is the very same outfit that published a piece back in 2018 that said if you bend your neck and stare at your cell phone too long, you could grow a horn in the back of your head. And it's that very same outfit.Scientific Reports, it says, let them eat snake. You see, according to a study it published, pythons produce large slabs of white meat similar to chicken filet and may offer a more sustainable alternative because they can reproduce faster than other foods that, you know, have to be farmed. Like pigs, 27 piglets in a year, but a python, up to 100 eggs in that same time frame. That's good eating.Now, snakes are generally eaten in Southeast Asian countries, you know, places like Malaysia and Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, etc. Here in the West, not so much. But if this report tips the scales for you, bon appetit. Laura?INGRAHAM: OK, Kevin, first of all, I don't know, my staff is trying to pull some joke on me because last night we did a snake -- snakes came up on the show, they weren't even supposed to, and snakes came-- OK, now they're showing them again.I said not to put them up, oh my god, this is just a joke. I'm leaving the set. I said to stop putting them, please take them down. OK, I'm not, I'm not going to even speak. OK, so, OK, oh my god, they keep doing it.OK, I'm terrified of snakes, then I thought you were doing a different report, and then all of a sudden, it's a snake report. Yeah, I can't.CORKE: Yummy.INGRAHAM: Kevin and I, like you, but I'm afraid of snakes, and they're not sustainable for me.CORKE: I'll pass.INGRAHAM: Kevin, great to see you, as always. All right, my friend, you have a great weekend.CORKE: You too.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: All the things that I believed in for all these years, 50 years of coaching, no longer exist in college athletics.We've created an environment that really does not promote personal development or that is going to create success for their future.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It's a brave new world in college athletics, as NIL, or Name Image Likeness deals are allowing players to cash in, just like the pros. Now, some of the top athletes are now making up to almost five million dollars off some of these deals.Crimson Tide coaching legend Nick Saban joined Brett Baer yesterday, where he elaborated on the impact of the NIL.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I thought a revenue sharing with Name Image Likeness would be a lot better system, not just a pay-for-play system like we have now, where whoever raises the most money in their collective can pay the most for the players, which is not a level playing field.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now is Dan Dakich, former college basketball player and head coach and host of Don't at Me on Outkick. Dan, first of all, I'm really mad that I didn't get to hang with Saban when he was in D.C., but does he have a point here?DAN DAKICH, FORMER COLLEGE BASKETBALL PLAYER: Yeah, he does. I mean, look, maybe a head coach that made millions is not the right guy to talk about who should be paid and who shouldn't, but he absolutely does. Myself included.Guys get into coaching, not for the money. Guys get into coaching so that they can build a program, help young men, get guys to graduate, develop people. At least that's the guys that I know. So, he absolutely does because, quite frankly, that is gone.Now players come into the office and they say, all right, how much are you going to pay me to stay? Or recruits come in with an agent and say, hey, how much are you going to pay me to come?And, you know, Laura, that's the reality of it. So, what Coach Saban said right there is absolutely the truth. What coaches were brought up on no longer matters. And I'll tell you something else. Academics no longer matter.Like, I always thought when I was coaching, hey, look, you've got to graduate players. You've got to have them do right. Now coaches aren't even in charge of that a lot of places, so Saban is absolutely right, Laura.INGRAHAM: Well, in the NIL's introduction year, Dan, athletes collectively made about $917 million in payments for the licensing of their name, image, or likeness. And, you know, look, can't the case for sponsorships, though, be made on the player's side because these universities make so much money on them?And most of them don't go on to the pros. Most of them go on to have, or many of them go on to have, you know, severe arthritis and sometimes even, you know, concussion issues long into life and, you know, brain issues. So, they're thinking, you know, what's fair is fair. So why don't we get to benefit?DANKICH: I don't think anybody, and Coach Saban didn't say this, and nobody's disputing that players should make money. In fact, Coach Saban said, look, I had Bryce Young was a Heisman Trophy winner. He had deals that were national deals. I don't think any coaches are saying, hey, look, we don't think players should make money. They all think players should make money. And frankly, I don't know a coach that really cares how much a player makes.But here's the problem. NIL is name, image, and likeness, which means Laura Ingraham goes to college, she plays well, and all of a sudden she gets a Pepsi deal, she gets a car deal, she gets whatever. Well, that's how it was intended.And coaches say that's great. Everybody says that's great. There isn't anybody denying it, including Saban. But here's the problem. And this is always the problem. Coaches are sneaky, man. And the NCAA has no jurisdiction anymore.So, what's happening now is, hey, Laura, I want you to come play here. I'm going to give you $200,000 up front instead of name, image, and likeness. You're a high -- it's a totally different world.INGRAHAM: Dan, it's always great to talk to you. Sports is a great, great respite from politics, at least for me. Thank you so much.DANKICH: You're welcome. Thank you.INGRAHAM: All right. That's it for us tonight. Everyone have a wonderful St. Patrick's Day on Sunday. Have a great weekend with your friends and family. Remember, it is America now and forever. Thanks for watching all week long. Jesse Watters takes it all from here.