PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: What could go wrong.HAROLD FORD J.R., FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR: (INAUDIBLE) go wrong.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Oh, my word.HEGSETH: Look at that. It's long winter.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh, God, make a circle and drop in the middle.SMITH: All right, guys. That's pretty -- is that you, by the way?HEGSETH: No, but I might try that.PIRRO: Oh, yes.SMITH: OK. All right. Well, fun to be together, guys. Thanks. That does it for us. Have a great night, everybody.PIRRO: Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All right.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hey, Sandra. So, the crazy thing is I don't eat until I get kissed on the forehead.All right. Anyway, thank you. Have a great weekend.Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. "BREAKING TONIGHT". The judge in former President Trump's election interference trial said this morning, either the district attorney or the special prosecutor must step aside.The decision out of Fulton County, Georgia comes amid allegations of an improper relationship between the two. This afternoon, special prosecutor Nathan Wade, resigned.Correspondent Jonathan Serrie is in Atlanta tonight to tell us where things go from here. Good evening, Jonathan.JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): Good evening to you Bret. Under facing pressure from the judge's order. Special Prosecutor Nathan Wade stepped down from the case, leaving District Attorney Fani Willis, perhaps wounded but not disqualified as the defense initially wanted.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SERRIE (voiceover): The Fulton County District Attorney's Office faced an unpleasant, but not difficult decision. Had Nathan Wade remained a special prosecutor in the Georgia election interference case, D.A. Fani Willis and her entire office would have had to step aside.Instead, Wade resigned, explaining in a letter to Willis. "Although, the court found, that the defendants failed to meet their burden of proving that the district attorney acquired an actual conflict of interest, I am offering my resignation in the interest of democracy, and dedication to the American public, and to move this case forward as quickly as possible."JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Wade is not out of this. He's been accused of false statements and wanting -- one of those allegations, I think, is very compelling.He could be facing proceedings on the state level or the bar level. She will be a witness as those things unfold.SERRIE (voice over): Willis and Wade have testified under oath that they did not become romantically involved until after she hired him. But a former friend of the D.A. testified it started earlier.SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): And whether or not perjury is committed in this case needs to be investigated and not just left unanswered. It was obvious to me that the story being told did not add up.SERRIE (voiceover): The timing of the affair is at the heart of an ongoing Georgia Senate committee investigating whether Willis misused any public funds.Last month, the panel question defense attorney Ashleigh Merchant about her conversations with Wade's former law partner, Terrence Bradley, about the Willis-Wade affair.ASHLEIGH MERCHANT, DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Mr. Bradley told me at that first meeting that they would meet at hotels. He told me about a lot of travel.(END VIDEOTAPE)SERRIE: And Willis has accepted Wade's resignation. In a response letter, they commended Wade for his professionalism and dignity, and acknowledged that he has endured threats and attacks on his reputation as a result of his work on this high-profile case. Bret.BAIER: Jonathan Serrie in Atlanta. Jonathan, thank you.Tonight, we hear exclusively from former President Donald Trump about his legal issues. And other topics, including TikTok and the Middle East.Fox News media analyst and host of Fox's "MEDIA BUZZ", Howard Kurtz spoke with the former president yesterday in Florida.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's a fake case, it's a whole fake case --HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL MEDIA ANALYST (voice over): Donald Trump had harsh words for Georgia D.A. Fani Willis' prosecution against him after several charges were dropped. Speaking hours before today's ruling that Willis can stay on now that her chief prosecutor and ex-boyfriend, Nathan Wade has withdrawn.TRUMP: Fani Willis and her lover spent a lot of time in Washington, talking about my case that came out during the hearings. Now, that case is imploding. She should never be allowed anywhere near a case.KURTZ (voiceover): Trump had just returned from a Florida hearing, where Judge Aileen Cannon rejected his attempt to throw out the classified documents case. But he was pleased that Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg agreed to a 30-day delay for the defense to study new evidence in the New York criminal trial, approved by a judge late today.TRUMP: Well, they had to because they didn't give the documents to us. And frankly, that whole case should be thrown out, because it's a ridiculous case.KURTZ (voiceover): The former president reacted sharply to Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, calling for a new Israeli government.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): I also believe Prime Minister Netanyahu has lost his way.KURTZ (voiceover): Trying to turn the uproar against President Biden.KURTZ: Does that sound to you like the U.S. telling its sovereign ally how to run its government?TRUMP: Well, 100 percent. There is no question about it. And they don't know where to go. They are very bad for Israel. The Democrats are very bad for Israel. Israel sticks with them. I guess Israel's loyal maybe to a fault, because they stick with these guys.Biden is so bad for Israel. They should have never been attacked.KURTZ (voiceover): While Biden has had Netanyahu's aggressive assault in densely populated southern Gaza is hurting Israel, the prime minister has rejected U.S. demands for a greater restraint in battling Hamas.KURTZ: President Biden has been a strong supporter of Israel, because of the terrorist attack by Hamas.TRUMP: If he were a supporter -- if he were a supportive Israel, the Iran nuclear deal would have never been signed.KURTZ (voiceover): Trump, who urged Israel to finish the war quickly said Palestinian protests may have persuaded Biden to back away from Israel.TRUMP: Well, they lost a lot of people on October 7th too. People have to remember that. And all of a sudden, he dumped Israel. That's what he's doing. He dumped Israel.KURTZ: Well, he is not walking away.TRUMP: He just said essentially that Bibi Netanyahu should take a walk.KURTZ (voiceover): After the House voted overwhelmingly to ban TikTok if it doesn't cut ties with China-based parent company, Trump told Fox News why he no longer favors a government ban that he pushed as president on national security grounds, citing the free exchange of ideas.TRUMP: But there is a danger to banning it with, you know, freedom of speech.I found Facebook to be extremely dishonest and what would happen is, if you ban TikTok, if you take it away, and we have a new concept, but if you take it away, those people are going to go into Facebook.And Facebook, in my opinion was worse than TikTok by a lot.KURTZ (voiceover): Trump, who recently met with philanthropist Jeff Yass, as he didn't know the billionaire owns a stake in TikTok's parent firm.TRUMP: If you're going to do it to TikTok, do it to Facebook. And what you can do is let them sell TikTok, let them sell it in the market. Maybe get a good price, maybe not get a good price. I don't know. But take it away from China control.But, I think, China controls Facebook also, because they have tremendous power in that company.(END VIDEOTAPE)KURTZ (on camera): A day at Mar-a-Lago offers a reminder that Donald Trump is constantly juggling court cases and campaign stops. Foreign policy and social media, dissolving into a seamless blur that keeps him dominating the news agenda. Bret.BAIER: Good stuff, Howie. Thank you. You can see more of Howie's interview with former President Trump, Sunday 11:00 a.m. Eastern on "MEDIA BUZZ".There are new efforts tonight to regulate a Ron's behavior, concerning Russia's invasion of Ukraine. This comes amid mixed messages tonight from the Biden administration over comments from the Senate Majority Leader calling for the Israeli people to get rid of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his government as you just saw in Howie's interview.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich, has details tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.Today, President Biden met with the Irish Taoiseach, who has repeatedly called for a ceasefire in Gaza, citing his own country's history of occupation.Biden repeated his support for a ceasefire and hostage deal, but did not soften a top Democrats call that Netanyahu has got to go.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (voiceover): President Biden not walking back Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer's call for regime change in Israel.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: He made a good speech and I think he expressed serious concern shared not only by him, but by many Americans.HEINRICH (voiceover): Even as the administration tries to maintain a distance from it.REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: That's something for the Israeli people to decide. For our part, we're going to keep supporting Israel in their fight against Hamas.HEINRICH (voiceover): Republicans stunned.MIKE PENCE, FORMER VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Astonishing. It's a -- it is an example ironically, of a Democratic leader in America trying to engage in election interference in Israel.HEINRICH (voiceover): Elsewhere in the Middle East, Iran facing pressure from the U.S. and other G7 countries not to supply ballistic missiles to Russia to use against Ukraine, or else face new and significant measures.Among them, Fox has learned, a blockade on Iran Air flights to Europe. But the warning comes two days after the U.S. renewed a sanctions waiver on $10 billion in Frozen Iranian funds.The White House says the waivers began under Trump and remain necessary to support humanitarian needs of the Iranian people.But if Iran supplies missiles to Russia and Iran, air flights are suspended, that's exactly who would be impacted.HEINRICH: But it's not like, you know, the Ayatollah fly's commercial. I mean, that's the Iranian people would be the ones who would be harmed by that if that comes to pass.KIRBY: It's also not like the regime, and the IRGC are thinking this is some sort of windfall.I mean, they continue to support Hezbollah, Hamas, the Houthis. I could go on and on.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): The White House could not say what Iran has done to deserve the waiver being re-upped amid continued attacks on U.S. forces in the region. That threat of sending ballistic missiles to Russia and also a continued block on international watchdogs at their nuclear facilities trying to inspect them, Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich, love in the North Lawn. Jacqui, thanks.Republicans on the House Judiciary and oversight committees are coming to the end of their impeachment inquiry against press and Biden. So, what will they decide?Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram reports tonight from Capitol Hill.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: The White House says, "impeachment is over." A letter from White House Counsel Ed Siskel to House Speaker Mike Johnson, demands the House quit wasting time on this charade.But the Speaker says, not so fast.PERGRAM: Mr. Speaker, the White House says impeachment is over. Do you agree? Do they get the call the shot from there?REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): -- caucus, they don't call the shots on it.PERGRAM: When is the investigation going to be complete and what's next?JOHNSON: We haven't addressed that yet. We will in due time.PERGRAM (voiceover): The question is when? The House lacks the votes to actually impeach the president despite the GOP push.JOHNSON: Does it reach the high crimes of treason, high crimes, misdemeanor standard? Everyone will have to make that evaluation.PERGRAM (voiceover): Yet, some conservatives insist on an impeachment vote even if it failed.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I would love to be able to vote on the impeachment of Joe Biden.PERGRAM (voiceover): Other Republicans are seeking an exit ramp, but they are on the clock.SEN. MIKE BRAUN (R-IN): if it doesn't happen soon, this place is out in August. And October, the legislative calendar is getting very, very lean.PERGRAM (voiceover): Despite the impeachment tension, the president and Speaker sat next to each other at the Capitol, for the annual St. Patrick's Day lunch.BIDEN: No matter how much we debate, no matter how much we disagree, we always have been able to come together as friends of Iowa.PERGRAM: was that a bit strange?JOHNSON: No, it was all -- it was all pleasantries today. We didn't talk about policy at the table.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): The House could make criminal referrals from its probe. There is a major hearing next week with associates of Hunter Biden, but Hunter will skip. Bret.BAIER: Chad, Thank you.Inflation worries send stocks down today. The Dow lost 191. The S&P 500 was off 33. The NASDAQ dropped 155.For the week, the Dow was down to hundredths of a percentage point. The S&P 500 lost about one-tenth. The NASDAQ fell seven-tenths.Up next the frightening shooting aboard a New York subway train. We'll have details on what happened.Plus, not a lot of uncertainty regarding the national elections in Russia. So, what's the point? We'll have a report.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KIRBY: I mean, the idea for free and fair elections in Russia is a -- is a misnomer. But we'll see what happens this weekend.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Prosecutors say Sam Bankman Fried should spend between 40 and 50 years in prison after being convicted of stealing $8 billion from customers of his now bankrupt FTX cryptocurrency exchange. The jury found Bankman- Fried guilty in November on seven counts of fraud and conspiracy. Sentencing is scheduled for March 28th. Bankman-Fried plans to appeal his conviction and sentence.New York Police are giving details of yesterday's horrific shooting on a Manhattan bound subway train. This latest violence comes not long after New York's Governor sent the National Guard into the subway system. Correspondent Alexis McAdams is in Brooklyn tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ALEXIS MCADAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): Chaos during rush hour on the New York City subway. This physical fight ended with shots fired inside of a subway car. Gunshots ringing out as people duck for cover while the train traveled between stations in Brooklyn yesterday.This violent incident comes just days after New York Governor Kathy Hochul called in the National Guard to patrol the subway system following a series of deaths and attacks. The National Guard helping with random bag checks.TAROL SHEPPARD, NEW YORK CITY POLICE: Anybody coming into the system to help keep it safe, we welcome that. The results of it I'm not -- I'm not sure if we have any data to support whether it's help or not.MCADAMS (voiceover): Even with the extra manpower, the suspect was still able to walk right onto the train with this gun. This new video released by the NYPD appears to show that man entering the subway without paying. He then boards the train where police say he started a fight with a guy who ended up disarming him and he was shot with his own weapon.He's now in critical condition and the man who pulled the trigger will not be charged. The D.A. calling it self-defense. Now, many New Yorkers left wondering what they should do if this happens again.SHEPPARD: We're not asking New Yorkers to train for this kind of situation. People will naturally react the same, you know, the way they need to in these emergencies. Over 200 million people a year use the system. We're talking about a very small amount of incidents that may take place especially with a gun.(END VIDEOTAPE)MCADAMS (on camera): So, back here in New York, Bret, the National Guard will continue the patrols on the subway systems. We'll see if it improves here safety-wise but. According to the governor's office, they can no longer carry their rifles and they can only make an arrest if there is an imminent threat. Bret?BAIER: Alexis, thank you.An independent commission has ruled the Sheriff's Office investigating a mass shooting in Maine had cause to take the killer into protective custody beforehand and to take away his guns. The panel reviewed the killing of 18 people in a bowling alley and bar by Army Reservist Robert Card. He was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound after a two-day search.Card was well known to law enforcement. His family and fellow service members had raised flags about his behavior, deteriorating mental health and potential for violence before the shootings. Law enforcement officials told commission members Maine's Yellow Flag Law makes it difficult to remove guns from potentially dangerous people.Parents fed up with crime on campus at the University of California at Berkeley are taking matters into their own hands. The parent-led nonprofit Safe Bears is paying for six private security guards to monitor the streets near student dorms and at night as part of a pilot program. It runs through next Saturday.Russian voters are participating in national elections tonight. There's a little mystery about -- there is very little mystery about who will come out on top as Vladimir Putin is expected to retain the presidency. Let's get additional details now from Correspondent Alex Hogan.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Russian President Vladimir Putin on the fast track to a fifth term, another six years in power as Russians head to the polls. With most of his adversaries jailed, exiled, or killed, the 71-year-old incumbent has no real opposition.UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): Once again, we wish for Vladimir Putin to win. He raised the country and is leading it forward.UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): I'd like to see changes for things to be different in the state. I want the future to be bright that's why I made the choice that I made.HOGAN (voiceover): Some citizens made their voices heard through acts of protest and vandalism like this woman who set fire to a voting booth. Others dark liquid into ballot boxes. Some choosing to use the color green in an apparent nod to the late opposition leader Alexei Navalny. People will vote across Russia's 11 time zones online and for the first time in occupied areas of Ukraine after all but forcing Russian citizenship upon them.VADYM BOYCHENKO, MAYOR, MARIUPOL, UKRAINE (through translator): It is impossible to call this an election. Two people with rifles are asking you to check the box. People have no choice to act otherwise.HOGAN (voiceover): With voting underway in parts of Ukraine, the war drags on in others. Friday, Russian missiles killed at least 20 people in the southern port city of Odessa. With tensions high, western officials confirm Moscow has moved tactical nuclear weapons to Belarus closer to NATO countries. Putin warned this week if Russia's independence is threatened, the country is ready to use those nuclear weapons.GEN. JACK KEANE (RET), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: You can't be flipping about it. I mean, these are -- this is a nuclear power. It is being run by a dictator, a thug, and a killer.(END VIDEOTAPE)HOGAN (on camera): Russian elections run Friday through Sunday. Moscow has accused Washington of trying to interfere with the election. The White House calls the claim categorically false. Bret?BAIER: Alex Hogan in London. Alex, thanks.Up next, another instance of a migrant accused of a heinous crime here in the U.S. We'll bring you that. First beyond our borders tonight, a ship carrying 200 tons of aid approaches the coast of Gaza. It's part of an effort to launch a sea route from Cyprus to help alleviate the humanitarian crisis there. The ship is operated by the Spanish aid group Open Arms. It was sent by the charity founded by celebrity chef Jose Andres.Some McDonald's restaurants are back online after a global technology outage. Operations were disrupted for about a few hours at outlets in Japan, Australia, and the U.K.And this is a live look at London. One of the big stories there tonight, a trove of letters, photographs, and other items from the wife of Beetle George Harrison and singer Eric Clapton. It goes up for auction at Christy's in London. Patty Boyd was a model and a photographer. The sale includes handwritten items from Harrison and Clapton.Just some of the other stories beyond our borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Fox Weather Alert now. Severe weather in Ohio has left at least six people dead. Tornadoes ripped a trail of extensive damage from Indiana into the Buckeye state. The six deaths occurred in Washington township outside of Dayton. Nearly 20,000 electrical outages were reported across Ohio this morning.A Haitian man is being charged with raping a disabled teenage girl at a migrant hotel in Massachusetts. He allegedly was one of 138,000 Haitians allowed into the country since President Biden took office. Correspondent Griff Jenkins fills us in tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)ANDREW CAMERON, ROCKLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, RESIDENT: Having this happen to a child, it's unacceptable. Something has to be done. It's sick.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Outrage in Rockland, Massachusetts, after a 26-year-old Haitian man, Cory Alvarez, allegedly raped a 15-year- old girl at a hotel that participates in a state and federal program to house migrant families and has a history of problems.NICHOLAS ZEOLI, ROCKLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, POLICE CHIEF: We have responded to several disturbances over the past several months.JENKINS: Alvarez was flown into the U.S. last June from Haiti to New York's JFK Airport through the administration's parole program that allows up to 30,000 migrants from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Venezuela to enter the U.S. each month, be granted two years of humanitarian parole with the ability to apply to work. They must be vetted and have a U.S. sponsor. CBP data shows the administration has brought over 138,000 Haitians into the U.S. since January of last year.Last week, Department of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas praised a ruling upholding the legal pathway, saying "These processes, a safe and orderly way to reach the United States, have resulted in a significant reduction in the number of these individuals encountered at our southern border." This comes as Haiti is engulfed in chaos with armed gangs in charge of the capital, leaving Florida's governor bracing for a new wave of migrants, worried about who may be coming.GOV. RON DESANTIS, (R-FL): One of the people Biden flew in from Haiti is now charged with sexually assaulting a 15-year-old with disabilities in Massachusetts. And you think to yourself, how is that protecting our people?(END VIDEO TAPE)JENKINS: Alvarez has pleaded not guilty, awaiting a hearing next week in Massachusetts. ICE has placed a detainer on him. We reached out to DHS for comment and are waiting to hear back. Bret?BAIER: Griff, thank you.Chicago is on high alert tonight. There have been several confirmed cases of measles among migrants. A team from the CDC is now on site. Senior correspondent Mike Tobin is in the windy season this evening.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: At the turn of the century, measles was thought to be eradicated in the U.S. Now a couple of ambulances stand in front of a Chicago migrant shelter because the highly contagious disease came back in the chaos of an uncontrolled border. Twelve new cases have been recorded in the windy city, most in a warehouse turned migrant shelter in Chicago's Pilsen neighborhood. Two involved migrant students who have attended Chicago public schools. Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson blames the Biden administration.MAYOR BRANDON JOHNSON, (D) CHICAGO: This is a really jacked up situation. The border in and of itself because of the failures of the federal government has placed a tremendous amount of burden financially on the people of Chicago.TOBIN: But one outspoken city alderman blames Johnson, citing the chaotic handling of the busloads of migrants arriving in Chicago.RAYMOND LOPEZ, (D) CHICAGO CITY COUNCIL: This is just the beginning of what I think will be a long sojourn dealing with this, because the city refuses to deal with housing these migrants in a comprehensive way, leaving them in unsanitary, unhealthy, dirty living conditions in old warehouses and field houses.TOBIN: Chicago public school students are required to be vaccinated against measles. New arrivals fall under an exemption for children in unstable housing. Of the 1,900 people living in the Pilsen shelter, most had vaccines or previous exposure. Teams from the CDC, the county and state health departments, as well as doctors from universities and hospitals are assisting with vaccinating about 900 migrants who now need to quarantine.DR. LARRY KOCIOLEK, LURIE CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL: Measles is much more infectious and contagious than COVID-19. Measles can really be quite serious in a community with low vaccination rates.(END VIDEO TAPE)TOBIN: Moments ago, the CDC updated its numbers. There have been 58 measles cases across the nation so far this year. Bret?BAIER: Mike Tobin in Chicago. Mike, thanks.Up next, the panel on former President Trump's legal issues and the Biden impeachment inquiry.First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around this country are covering tonight. FOX 2 in Detroit as the father of the teenager who killed four students at a Michigan high school in 2021 is found guilty of involuntary manslaughter. James Crumbley was convicted of the same charges as his wife. They are said to be the first parents in U.S. history to stand trial for a mass school shooting committed by their child. Their son, Ethan Crumbley, has been sentenced to life without parole.FOX 9 in the twin cities as Uber says it's pulling out of the metro area May 1st. Lyft has issued a similar statement. This comes after the Minneapolis City Council voted to override the mayor's veto of a ride hailing pay raise ordinance.And this is a live look at Chicago from FOX 32. One of the big stories there tonight, the city prepares for its annual Saint Patrick's Day parades. The Chicago River will be died green Saturday morning. The downtown parade takes place tomorrow. The southside Irish parade will happen Sunday.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ARI FLEISCHER, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Fani Willis will never step down. Now, unless she has got another lover she will appoint, which I don't think she will, she's got to find a real tough, experienced prosecutor.DAVE ARONBERG, (D) PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA STATE ATTORNEY: I don't think it's a great loss at all for the D.A.'s office because she gets to continue. She should just move on. She should churn out the noise about her personal life.ANDREW MCCARTHY, FORMER ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY: I actually think this is a huge win for Trump, maybe more than he realizes, because she is tainted. She has lost the confidence of the court.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: District Attorney Fani Willis in Georgia is out -- is in, rather. Nathan Wade is out. This is the judge's order on the motion to disqualify Willis from Trump's Georgia case. "The appearance standard recognizes that even when no actual conflict exists, a perceived conflict in the reasonable eyes of the public threatens confidence in the legal system itself. When this danger goes uncorrected, it undermines the legitimacy and moral force of our already weakest branch of government."So what about this decision, what it means big picture? Let's bring in our panel, Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, Meredith McGraw, "Politico" national political correspondent, and syndicated radio host Hugh Hewitt.Hugh, this came as a surprise to many who watched this trial unfold live on cable television. But what do you make of the fallout from this decision? Fani Willis stays in the position. She still moves forward with the case. Nathan Wade resigned today.HUGH HEWITT, SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: Well, Bret, I can't read the judge's mind, but I have read his opinion. It does not make a lot of sense. He admits that an odor of mendacity surrounds the case still. And if I were Governor Brian Kemp, I would be concerned about the appearance of justice in Georgia, and I would offer the district attorney a choice. Either she gives the case to the state attorney general to prosecute or he will pardon everyone in this case, because it's a bad rush job. I cannot believe the judge came to this conclusion. I think Andy McCarthy, who we saw on tape, is right once again. It was a very big win for Donald Trump today there and in New York.BAIER: Meredith, you look at the courtroom calendar, and it is packed. However, it does seem that these cases are getting pushed off, at least the start of these trials. Your organization, "Politico Playbook" writes, "Will there be any Trump trials? The chances that Donald Trump will not face any criminal trials before the November election just went up. The only Trump trial with a scheduled start date was the New York hush money case. Trump recently requested a 90-day delay in the start of that trial. In a stunning filing yesterday that exposed rifts between the state and federal prosecutors, Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg conceded that a 30-day delay would be appropriate."The timing of all of this is significant, and in that case, in New York, you will remember the federal prosecutor never moved forward with the case.MEREDITH MCGRAW, "POLITICO": Well, that's the big question here. Are we going to see any trial of Donald Trump before Election Day? The 30 day delay that we saw in New York, of course, impacts Trump's schedule, his campaign schedule. And even this decision in Georgia to -- with Fani Willis, Trump's campaign sees this as a win because it further delays their case. And that's something that they have been trying to do with all of these legal cases that come against him, hoping to push this past Election Day.BAIER: Matthew, a lot of Republicans believe this is a political effort, all these legal cases. The former president has been successful, according to the polls, of making that case. But his vice president is not there yet, and he is not endorsing former President Trump. Take a listen to Mike Pence.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE PENCE, (R) FORMER U.S. VICE PRESIDENT: It should come as no surprise that I will not be endorsing Donald Trump this year. Look, I'm incredibly proud of the record of our administration. But that being said, during my presidential campaign, I made it clear that there were profound differences between me and President Trump on a range of issues.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So for all the talk about the polls and where the former president stands, when you hear that, when you hear other people who worked in his administration, is there a concern on the Republican side about Republicans coming out for the former president?MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: I think there is a concern, Bret. I think we saw in some of the results in the brief Republican primary that there are some Republicans and some Trump leaning independents who are wary of voting for Donald Trump in 2024.But I will say this -- they seem to be replaced by new voters, noncollege educated minority voters, primarily Hispanic voters, who are now abandoning the Democratic Party in droves and backing Trump for president. So, you can see that while the old style Republicans may be wary of Trump or may even be exiting the party in some cases, they are being backfilled by new voters, a new Trump coalition, that I think stands a pretty good chance of success in November.BAIER: Hugh, the White House counsel sent a letter to Speaker Johnson about the impeachment effort. It said, in part, "It is obviously time to move on, Mr. Speaker. The impeachment is over. There is too much important work to be done for the American people to continue wasting time on this charade." Speaker Johnson said the White House doesn't call the shots, talking to Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Mr. Speaker, the White House says impeachment is over. Do you agree? Do they get to call the shots on this?REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: They don't call the shots on it. We'll deliberate over that when the investigation is complete. We're allowing the process to play out as the Constitution anticipates. Our committees of jurisdiction have done their duty. They have done an extraordinary job. They have revealed some alarming information.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Hugh, where do you think impeachment stands?HEWITT: I don't think it's going to move forward, Bret, but I do think the letter from the White House Counsel is just theater and bad theater at that. Impeachment is fully reserved to Article One to the Congress for the House to move the articles and for the Senate to try it. The White House Counsel had nothing to do with this. So it was a chance to divert attention from a very bad day. I actually think it was lifeline to Chuck Schumer who was drowning in the blowback from his very, very ill-timed and improvident speech yesterday stabbing Netanyahu in the back, to quote former Senator Norm Coleman.BAIER: Meredith, what do you make of that?MCGRAW: We have seen House Republicans consider other ways that they can go after Biden. This has been a priority for Republican voters, their base, and so I don't think they want to be seen as empty-handed before Election Day. And they are considering other things, like criminal referrals and other legislative measures to still go after Biden, even if it seems impeachment is unlikely.BAIER: OK, panel, stand by. Up next, the Friday Lightning Round, Israel and the U.S., Putin's grip on power, plus Winners and Losers, and later, it's Friday, "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Senator Schumer contacted my staff, my senior staff, he was going to make that speech. He made a good speech, and I think he expressed serious concern shared not only by him but by many Americans.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: There's no question about it. The Democrats are very bad for Israel.Biden is so bad for Israel. They should have never been attacked.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, Senator Schumer's speech on the Senate floor about Israel, call for new elections there, raised a lot of eyebrows. The White House new Senator Schumer was delivering that speech. "The Wall Street Journal" writes this, the editorial board, "Chuck Schumer lectures Israelis on war and peace. The idea that Israel is the obstacle to Middle East peace rather than the Iranian regime sponsoring terror proxies across the region is so naive it's more suited to a faculty lounge than the Senate floor. The bigger problem is Mr. Schumer's own surrender. Rather than placating the anti-Israel left in his party, he and President Biden ought to be trying to lead them."We're back with the panel. It created a lot of waves. Hugh, you mentioned it. The fallout is still really continuing.HEWITT: And it should continue for a long time. It's embarrassing. It's unprecedented. And it is, I think, quite obviously a political stunt by Chuck Schumer to try and divert attention from Joe Biden's crumbling numbers. The president said it was a good speech. It was not a good speech. So bad a speech, in fact, that every major Jewish American in United States has condemned it. And Benny Gantz, who is in the war cabinet and part of the government, also condemned it. We do not call on our allies, our democratically elected allies, to change regimes because we don't like their leaders. Schumer should apologize, and I will be back to him later when we talk about winners and losers of the week.BAIER: Critics of the administration, Matthew, say this was all about politics and changing the dynamics, especially when it comes to some place like Michigan. If you look at the Quinnipiac poll, Biden handling of the Israel-Hamas war in Michigan, the approval at 28 percent, disapprove 60 percent. Is he turning it around with the Chuck Schumer speech, or the lack of pushback to it?CONTINETTI: I don't think it's going to be enough, Bret, because I don't think there's anything he can do to appease the folks that believe Israel is committing war crimes or behaving inappropriately in its war against Hamas. The fact shear is that Israel is not the problem. Hamas is the problem. And Biden would do himself a favor and the world a favor if he simply let Israel finish the job in Gaza.BAIER: Meantime in Russia, elections, Meredith, the State Department saying they need to be free. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESMAN: The Russian people deserve free and fair elections. We saw the Kremlin's leading critic, Alexei Navalny, die in custody following years of harassment and abuse. And we have seen them continue to deny antiwar candidates registration on spurious grounds, and to deprive Russian voters of genuine choices.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: "Foreign Affairs' writes this, "Forever Putinism. In his quarter century in power Putin has pursued two separate goals. The first has been to create a vast machinery of repression, eliminating any domestic forces that oppose him or that have the potential to do so. Putin's other goal has been to deprive most Russians of the ability to imagine a future without him." There is no doubt the world is looking at this election and saying it's just going to be like elections of old.MCGRAW: It's just going to be like elections of old. Putin has been in power in Russia for 24 years. He basically had no challengers in Russia in this election, and he could be voted in for another six years and even beyond that. And the election over there, the Russians are holding basically sham elections in Ukraine. They have online voting which really brings questions about the credibility of the vote over there. So, as much as Russia is saying that they're holding these elections, there's still a lot of questions about just how free or fair they actually are.BAIER: OK, Winners and Losers. Hugh, first.HEWITT: My winners are a group of podcasts, Bret, that have grown exponentially in popularity. They are the commentary podcasts in which our friend Matt is a frequent participant, Dan Senor's "Call Me Back" and then "Getting Hammered" with Mary Katharine Ham and Vic Matus. The reason that they are soaring is that they go deep and they are funny and they are still focused, even as the rest of the media moves on, from the war in Israel too often. They are too quick to go away from Gaza. These three podcasts in particular are focused on it.The loser is Chuck Schumer. I think he might be the loser of the month and the year. That was really a very bad choice yesterday.BAIER: Winner and loser, Matthew?CONTINETTI: My winner is the "Oppenheimer" movie, had a great night at the Oscars, great movie, even though the real hero of it is Dr. Edward Teller who went on to work with Reagan and form the Star Wars antimissile program.My loser is TikTok whose lobbying campaign backfired, bipartisan consensus passing a bill in the House to force a sale.BAIER: Meredith, winner or loser?MCGRAW: Loser this week, the Palace for releasing that doctored photo of Kate Middleton that only seemed to stir up even more controversy and conspiracies online. And winner is SpaceX Starship that just had its third successful launch for the Artemis Program. It's always really cool and inspiring to see those rocket launches.BAIER: Totally agree, love seeing that.Panel, thanks. Have a great weekend.You know that sound. That means it's Friday. Time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: President Biden's likely to be an elderly, sympathetic figure.ROBERT HUR, FORMER SPECIAL COUNSEL: I did not sanitize my explanation, nor did I disparage the president unfairly.REP. JIM JORDAN, (R-OH): Joe Biden failed to properly secure classified information.REP. JERRY NADLER, (D-NY): The Hur report represents the complete and total exoneration of President Biden.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The term "willful retention."JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Undocumented, and undocumented person.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So you regret using that word?BIDEN: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The president absolutely did not apologize. There was no apology anywhere in that conversation.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: I talked to a lot of politicians, Coach. That sounds like maybe, to me.NICK SABAN, FORMER COLLEGE FOOTBALL COACH: I still want to be a part of a team.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The Chinese Communist Party is very accomplished at playing whack-a-mole.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm going to put together a group to buy TikTok.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why wouldn't you just sell?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We looked at it, and it's not feasible.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: Israel cannot survive if it becomes a pariah.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL, (R-KY) SENATE MINORITY LEADER: The Democratic Party doesn't have anti-Bibi problem. It was an anti-Israel problem.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are not actively planning for any evacuation. We have had a level four travel alert for Haiti for more than four years now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If Biden is not willing to do his job, I will do it for him.SEN. BERNIE SANDERS, (I-VT): Many of our people are exhausted. I think it's time for a shortened workweek.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: One week covering this place.Monday SPECIAL REPORT, Jennifer Griffin interviews the Estonian prime minister, worried about the neighborhood with Russia's Vladimir Putin.Please join Shannon Bream on FOX NEWS SUNDAY. Her guests include White House National Security Communications Adviser John Kirby, House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Michael McCaul, and bestselling author Mitch Albom on his rescue from Haiti.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, and for this week, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" is now.