GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: There is -- there he is, the dog, he looking very guilty.TYRUS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Dang.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: You can't put a bag of groceries next to the dog.TURNER: You can't put a chicken next year dog.TYRUS: A puppy.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Come on.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Can't they not have Chicken bones?TURNER: He is just so cute. Looking at him. I love it.TYRUS: We'll find out.TURNER: He probably got really --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: (INAUDIBLE) guilty.TURNER: He probably got sick.TYRUS: Man.TURNER: That's a lot of chickens.TYRUS: A dang dog.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: A dang dog.TYRUS: Dang dog.WATTERS: All right. Thanks, everybody. Have a great night. That's it for us. See you on Monday.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Gillian and Dana see with the dog story. Nice job.TURNER: Thank you, Bret.BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. "BREAKING TONIGHT", two big legal cases involving former President Donald Trump. In Georgia, it is now up to the judge to make a decision whether the prosecutor in the election interference case will remain on the team or will be disqualified.And in Florida, the trial involving the former president's possession of classified documents is expected to be moved back. We have "FOX TEAM COVERAGE" tonight.David Spunt is in Fort Pierce, Florida, where the question now is how deep into the campaign season might that trial be delayed?But first, correspondent Steve Harrigan starts us off tonight, live from Atlanta. Good evening, Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. For seven weeks here, it was the prosecutors who were on trial. Today, in closing arguments, defense attorneys fought to remove the D.A., Fani Willis from this case.They claim that she began a relationship with a prosecutor she hired, Nathan Wade, then, the two of them improperly spent government money on themselves.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN MERCHANT, ATTORNEY TO MICHAEL ROMAN: The issue is that they began this relationship in 2019. They were dating for two years, and then, she awarded him a contract, where public money, either from Fulton County or the State of Georgia ended up in his pockets.That decision alone was improper. But what's even -- what's even more improper is that, then she and he, used that money to go on personal vacations and trips.HARRIGAN (voice over): Now Willis and Wade both admitted that they were in an affair, but they say that affair only began after Wade was hired. Today, during closing arguments, emotions at times ran high, it's clear that there is a fair amount of scorn on each side for the other.CRAIG GILLEN, ATTORNEY TO DAVID SHAFER: Prosecutors don't act like this, lawyers don't act like this. These people, Your Honor, is a systematic misconduct, and they need to go.HARRIGAN (voice over): Mistake, disputed the only eyewitness testimony about the timing of the affair. And they also said the cell phone evidence was completely unreliable.ADAM ABBATE, CHIEF DEPUTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY, MAJOR CRIMES DIVISION, FULTON COUNTY: It proves that they were in communication with each other. And I think, Your Honor, can use your own life experience as it relates to people you work with or friends that you are close with and the number of times that you make calls to any of those people.(END VIDEO CLIP)HARRIGAN (on camera): The judge has said he's going to take two weeks to decide. But he did warn early on that even the appearance of a conflict of interest could be enough for removal. Bret, back to you.BAIER: Steve Harrigan live in Atlanta. Steve, thank you.The former president's classified documents trial is expected to be pushed back from its originally scheduled start in late May.How far and how it stacks against the political calendar is now the big question and the big issue. Correspondent David Spunt is in Fort Pierce, Florida tonight.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Former President Donald Trump left the federal courthouse in Fort Pierce, Florida after hours of arguments over when his classified documents trial should begin.Judge Aileen Cannon originally scheduled the trial for May 20.th, the last legs of the primary election. But today, signaled it would be delayed after both sides agreed to move things back on the calendar.Special Counsel Jack Smith, in the courtroom today, watched as his team agreed to move the trial to July 8th.Trump's team fired back, arguing, it's unfair to hold the trial during the height of a campaign. Pleading to start it after the election in November.Though Trump's team says the earliest they can be ready, August 12th.Special Counsel attorney Jay Bratt said the trial could even take place in the fall, arguing that his team is in full compliance with the DOJ policy that says prosecutors should not take investigative steps, criminal charges, or statements for the purpose of affecting any election.The Supreme Court has put a pause on Trump's other federal criminal case in Washington, D.C., where he's accused of trying to overturn the results of the 2020 election. The justices will decide before July, whether Trump can even face charges based on presidential immunity.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: If you don't have immunity for a president. And I'm not talking about only me. If you don't have immunity for a president, you are going to -- you will not be able to function properly, you will not be able to do the right thing for the country.(END VIDEO CLIP)SPUNT: Bret, each side estimates their case will take about five weeks to present. Meaning, that a trial, if it kicks off somewhat in mid-August, it could wrap up around election time in early November. Bret?BAIER: David Spunt, live in Fort Pierce, Florida. David, thanks.The Biden ministration is stepping up efforts to provide help to people inside Gaza as Israel continues its war against Hamas terrorists.This comes as the president is again on the defensive about his crisis on the southern border of the U.S.White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has that story tonight, live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.President Biden had some sharp words for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, saying, there are no excuses for prohibiting more aid into Gaza and vowing that the U.S. would not just stand by. His decision to airdrop aid in, is a sign that the relationship is strained.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (voice over): The U.S. military will airdrop humanitarian aid into Gaza in the coming days after more than 100 people were killed and hundreds more were wounded in a stampede on aid trucks, where Israeli forces also opened fire.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The loss of life is heartbreaking. People are so desperate that innocent people got caught in a terrible war, unable to feed their families. And you saw the response when they tried to get aid in.HEINRICH: The U.S., waiting for an investigation before assigning blame after Israel denied intentionally firing upon the crowd.And President Biden says he's still working on a stalled deal for a hostage return in exchange for a six-week ceasefire. But amid pressure to dial back us support for Israel's war on Hamas. The White House is holding its position.REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: There would be no need for airdrops if Hamas hadn't chosen to break what was a ceasefire in place on the sixth of October.HEINRICH (voice over): The White House also maintaining the line that it's up to congressional Republicans to solve the border crisis, pushing them to embrace the bipartisan proposal that failed to clear the Senate. In the meantime, defending Biden's reluctance to take executive action.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: I mean, it's Congress's job to legislate. It is their job to legislate.HEINRICH: -- afraid of legal challenges with things like student loans.(CROSSTALK)JEAN-PIERRE: Look, here is the thing -- here is the thing.HEINRICH: I mean, you used executive orders when you wanted to.JEAN-PIERRE: We have -- we have taken action over the last three years on the border with support.HEINRICH: -- shaming people for not acting, He's also not acting.JEAN-PIERRE: I'm so sorry, that is so false. He is taking action. He is taken action. Republicans reject it, because of the last president.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: The White House also took some heat today for referring to migrants who come to the country illegally as newcomers. In a factsheet promoting the funding in the Senate bill that would help cities that are struggling under the migrant surge.Republicans rebuked that choice of words for drawing an equivalency to migrants who come to the country and go through the process legally.The text of the legislation says the funding would support shelters and other services for eligible migrants who have been given eligibility by DHS and gotten through processing. Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich live in the North Lawn. Jacqui, thank you.Tonight, we are learning new details of the congressional testimony given last week by the president's brother. And House Republicans say parts of that interview contradict what the president's son told the committee during his deposition. Here is senior congressional correspondent, Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Hunter Biden's testimony commanded the most flash, but James Biden's testimony may be even more intriguing.REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Of all the people that we interviewed, Jim Biden, was the most unbelievable of them all.PERGRAM: James Biden said he received $40,000 in loans from the president in 2017, when Joe Biden was a private citizen.He also testified he paid his brother back with money which appeared to come from a Chinese energy firm CEFC, though he didn't think the firm was tied to the Chinese government.COMER: And he has all these loans. Hundreds of thousands of dollars of loans from shady characters, many who have been in prison.PERGRAM (voice over): The first brother testified that Hunter Biden caught his Chinese business partners protegees of President Xi. This is why Republicans wonder if Biden family dealings compromise the president.REP. MICHAEL WALTZ (R-FL): We've got to start talking about the real crimes here. Foreign Agent Registration Act, tax evasion, and obstruction of justice. Those are the crimes I believe that's enough to go to impeachment.PERGRAM (voice over): Republicans lacked the votes to impeach so far.REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): I do think it's over at this point. And it might be time for us to fold up the circus tent.PERGRAM: Like Hunter Biden, James Biden repeatedly told lawmakers the president wasn't involved in family business. But Republicans say inconsistencies are glaring when comparing the testimony of James Biden, Hunter Biden, and Hunter business associate, Tony Bobulinski.James Biden denies President Biden met with Bobulinski and Hunter at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in 2017. But Hunter says, "My dad went and shook hands with Tony." And Bobulinski says, "Joe Biden came across the lobby." Republicans hope to wrap the investigation soon.REP. TIM BURCHETT (R-TN): We need to put this thing to rest. It's dragging on.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): The GOP wants the probe done by spring, especially if the House wants an impeachment vote before the election. Bret.BAIER: And Chad, a prominent GOP lawmaker reversing his decision to retire.PERGRAM: That's right. Homeland Security Committee Chairman Mark Green said he was quitting. But former President Trump asked Green to reconsider. He is the third House Republican to retire and then reverse themselves. Bret.BAIER: Chad Pergram, live on the Hill. Chad, thanks.Up next, why did several Democrats make an unannounced trip to Cuba? And why are some Republican critics so upset about it? We'll bring you that story.First, here is what some of our fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 61 in Hartford, Connecticut, as Michelle Troconis is found guilty on all counts for charges connected to the disappearance of New Canaan mom, Jennifer Dulos.Troconis is a one-time girlfriend of Jennifer Dulos's estranged husband. Fotis Dulos was charged with his wife's murder before he took his life in January of 2020.FOX5 in Atlanta, with the funeral for the Georgia nursing student, allegedly killed by an illegal immigrant last week in Athens. Laken Hope Riley was 22 years old.Today's service was held in her hometown of Woodstock, Georgia.And this is a live look at Lake Tahoe from EarthCam. Take a look at that.One of the big stories there tonight from FOX40. You can imagine a rare blizzard warning for most of California Sierra, Nevada, an adjacent foothill region through Sunday.Forecasters are expecting heavy snow and strong winds which started Thursday morning. Some areas could get up to 10 feet of snow -- 10 feet.That's tonight's live look "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it's no longer necessary to isolate for five days after testing positive for COVID-19. The new guidance tells people to stay home if they're sick. When they're feeling better and have been fever free for 24 hours, they can return to school or work.The CDC recommends continuing to wear a mask for five days while washing hands, maintaining physical distance and focusing on good ventilation.A federal appeals court in Washington says some Capitol riot criminal defendants had their sentences improperly increased when they included charges of interference with administration of justice. Court concluded interference with Congress's certification of the electoral votes in the 2020 presidential election does not apply to a sentence enhancement.Other aspects of Larry Brock's conviction were upheld, he will be re sentenced on the single interference charge. Other defendants received longer sentences because of the same charge.A New Jersey businessman has pleaded guilty to trying to bribe New Jersey Senator Democratic Senator Bob Menendez. Jose Uribe has agreed to testify in the corruption case against the powerful New Jersey Democrat and his wife. Prosecutors allege he gave Menendez his wife a Mercedes Benz. The senator and -- the senator and his wife are scheduled to go on trial in May.Progressive House members are taking criticism tonight for what some describe as a sneaky trip to Cuba last week. One Republican who was born on the island says he's offended.Correspondent Alexandra Hoff tells us why tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They are communist sympathizers.REP. BYRON DONALDS (R-FL): I think it's a damn shame.REP. CARLOS GIMENEZ (R-FL): I'm offended. You know my parents brought me here when I was 6 years old for a reason.ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): A covert trip to Cuba has put progressive members of Congress under fire. Last week, Representatives Ilhan Omar and Pramila Jayapal visited Havana. Representative Omar returned to call on President Biden to pull Cuba from the list of state sponsors of terrorism.REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): Cuba's completely unwarranted designation as a state sponsor of terror is causing new waves of hardship for the people of the island.HOFF (voice over): The trip was not previously disclosed by the lawmakers or revealed by Cuban media. The State Department adding:MATT MILLER, U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: We did not facilitate any meetings they had with the Cuban government.HOFF (voice over): The meetings with government officials are being characterized by the Congressional Progressive Caucus as human rights discussions. Omar and Jayapal were among 40 Democrats who voted against the 2021 resolution to support tens of thousands of Cubans who took to the streets calling for an end to government repression.According to the State Department, as of last year, more than 700 individuals remain jailed in Cuba for demanding fundamental freedoms.DONALDS: If you get rid of the regime and actually have a country where people are allowed to actually own their property and be able to speak their voice politically. You'd actually have a better Cuba.HOFF (voice over): Congressman Carlos Gimenez was born in Cuba.GIMENEZ: I have no use for obviously for, you know, the Cuban government. I'd really have much-- not much use for the people that want to make apologies for.(END VIDEOTAPE)HOFF (on camera): As for Democrats, House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries revealed yesterday that he'd still not received a briefing on the trip. He said he would not provide comment until he had. We did reach out to Jeffries, Omar and Jayapal's offices again today and have not heard back, Bret.BAIER: Alex, thank you. Thousands of mourners gathered at a Moscow church today for the funeral of Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny. He died in an Arctic prison last week.Yesterday, his widow predicted there would be arrests at the service. Correspondent Alex Hogan reports on whether that happened.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Remembering Russia's most prominent opposition leader. Despite the risk of arrests, thousands of people flooded the streets to say goodbye to Alexei Navalny, the fierce critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (through translator): It is not scary when we are together.HOGAN (voice over): Within hours, dozens had been arrested. Navalny's parents and U.S. Ambassador Lynne Tracy attended the funeral at a Moscow church. The Kremlin issued a warning.DMITRY PESKOV, KREMLINS SPOKESMAN (through translator): Any unauthorized gatherings will be in violation of the law, and those who participate in them will be held accountable.HOGAN (voice over): Today's services come ahead of Russia's presidential election and as tensions with the West spiral.GEN. JACK KEANE (RET.), FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: Putin is dead set on expanding beyond Ukraine into NATO countries to bring those countries back in Eastern Europe into the Russian Empire. Let's take him at his word. And let's respond accordingly.HOGAN (voice over): Navalny died two weeks ago in an Arctic penal colony. According to the prison, the 47-year-old collapsed after a walk. His family calls it murder.Navalny's wife still abroad and championing his message. Stated, I will try to make you happy for me and proud of me. I don't know if I can handle it or not but I will try.The casket of the man who campaigned for an end to corruption was lowered into the ground to the music of Frank Sinatra's My Way.(END VIDEOTAPE)HOGAN (on camera): The U.S. Embassy in Russia says that Navalny is a shining example of what Russia could and should be and that his death is a reminder of the lengths that the Kremlin will go to to silence its critics, Bret.BAIER: Thank you, Alex.Up next, what do you do when there is already someone living in your house? In your new house? One couple is finding out the hard way, we'll bring you that story.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. A soldier turns himself in shortly after the killings of four people in northern Germany. The victims including a child were shot overnight. Police say the suspect's motive is not clear.Iran holds its first parliamentary election since the mass 2022 protests over mandatory hijab laws. Those demonstrations followed the death of a female activist in police custody. Iranian officials and even Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei have urged the public to cast ballots. But polling stations in the country's capital of Tehran appeared to see few voters.And this is a live look at London, one of the big stores there tonight. There is a new raven master at the Tower of London. Michael Barney Chandler is responsible for looking after the feathered protectors of the 1,000- year-old fortress. Legend has it, if the Ravens leave the tower, the Kingdom of England will fall.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: You're looking live at a semi-truck partially dangling off of Clark Memorial Bridge in Louisville. We have some amazing video from earlier there. When Louisville emergency worker Bryce Carden repelled off the bridge to rescue the driver of that truck. The crash of the semi was with a pickup and two cars, caused the truck to break through the Western barrier of that bridge. Carden says he was not nervous at all.The female truck driver was hanging over the water for at least 45 minutes. She was taken to a hospital for examination. Two occupants of the passenger vehicles sustained what were called serious and life threatening injuries.The Internal Revenue Service, IRS, says it's cracking down on more than 125,000 cases of high income earners who failed to file federal income tax returns since 2017. The agency says it will begin sending noncompliance letters soon, it hopes to recover hundreds of millions of dollars in unpaid taxes.The IRS commissioner said the passing of the Inflation Reduction Act has provided the necessary tools for the agency to carry out this latest enforcement, and people.Optimism over artificial intelligence and a possible interest rate cut led to a positive day on Wall Street. The Dow jumped 91. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq once again had record finishes, gaining 41 and 183 respectively.For the week, the Dow lost one-tenth of a percentage point, the S&P 500 gained one, the Nasdaq was up one-and-three-quarters.Tonight, we have the tale of a New York couple whose retirement dream is turning into a legal nightmare. The home they purchased has been taken over by a squatter. Correspondent CB Cotton picks up the story there from Queens.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get out.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You can't do anything.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get out of the house right now.CB COTTON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: This is Brett Flores, the man a New York couple accuses of squatting in their recently bought property.SUSANA LANDA, HOMEOWNER: We purchased this home back in October 13 of 23.COTTON: Joseph and Susanna Landa say they bought the home located next to other family members to ensure their son with down syndrome has a secure future. With a $2 million price tag, they also took on the process of evicting flores, and now they are nearly five months in.LANDA: I'm worried that it is getting me sick. It's worrying him that I'm getting sick.COTTON: The husband and wife say they can't each make it too far inside before Flores boots them out or threatens to call the police.LANDA: There's no protection.COTTON: In court records, Flores claims he has a license to stay at the home after caring for the previous elderly homeowner who passed in early 2023. Flores also told the court he wasn't given adequate notice to leave after the couple bought the place. A tenant's rights attorney tells us these battles can get ugly because once a squatter stays longer than 30 days, they can make legal claims to the property in court.The Landa family shared these photos saying Flores has advertised rooms for rent inside the home.Hi, Mr. Flores. This is CB Cotton with FOX News, wondering if you are available to chat for a few minutes.Flores didn't answer, but his attorney did, and said the case would be settled in court before a judge, while adding a, quote, "new revelation will flip the case upside down, and the Landas are not the victims." But the Landas say their son with Down syndrome will be the ultimate victim of the ongoing courtroom fight.LANDA: He depends on us. And this is our retirement home and his protection.(END VIDEO TAPE)COTTON (on camera): Court record show Flores has filed for bankruptcy, which means he can't be evicted. This will delay the couple's civil case even longer. Bret?BAIER: CB, thank you.In our "Whatever Happened To?" tonight, President Biden's plan for high- speed rail service in the west includes a lot more taxpayer money. But after years of delays and billions of dollars already spent, critics are skeptical that such projects will ever be completed. Here is national correspondent William La Jeunesse.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Here's the best part -- it means jobs, union jobs.(APPLAUSE)WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: That's President Biden committing hundreds of millions of tax dollars to two projects many Americans may never see.BRIAN KELLY, CA HIGH-SPEED RAIL AUTHORITY CEO: It is, you know, the train to nowhere.LA JEUNESSE: California's high speed bullet train derailed under President Trump who cut federal funding, is now back on track thanks to a $3 billion grant from President Biden.KELLY: This investment allows us to move forward with purchasing electrified high-speed trains.LA JEUNESSE: Passed by California voters in 2008, then Governor Jerry Brown promised an L.A. to San Francisco train for $33 billion by 2020. It's now 10 years behind schedule and $100 billion over budget.GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM, (D) CALIFORNIA: The current project as planned would cost too much and, respectfully, take too long.LA JEUNESSE: A project that was supposed to stretch from Sacramento to San Diego now only has enough money to reach Bakersfield to Merced. But the rail's main purpose, connect bustling northern California with the economic giants of the south, is more dream than reality.ROBERT RAUCH, HOTEL ENTREPRENEUR: It's definitely a dream that's been sold, and it's a bad dream.LA JEUNESSE: Advocates also like high-speed derail because it reduces drive time and emissions, both reasons why President Biden also approved money from a bullet train from Las Vegas to Los Angeles 265 miles down the middle of Interstate 15.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Introducing Brightline West.LA JEUNESSE: Contractor Brightline will receive a near record federal grant to a private company of $3 billion, 25 percent of the project's cost.BIDEN: Folks, we have been talking about this project for decades. Now we're really getting it done.LA JEUNESSE: Biden claims Brightline can begin issue in the rail link in four years, just in time for the L.A. Olympics.In Los Angeles, William La Jeunesse, FOX News.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: Up next, the panel on the Trump legal cases in Georgia and Florida.But as we go to break, former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney has died. Mulroney led Canada's progressive conservative party for 10 years. President Biden is calling Mulroney a tireless advocate for Canada who was fearless and not afraid to stand up for causes he cared about. Mulroney had enduring friendships with former U.S. presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, and spoke at their funerals.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRIAN MULRONEY, FORMER CANADIAN PRIME MINISTER: George was taking copious notes as the heads of government spoke. After President Nitaha (ph), Prime Minister Thatcher, and Chancellor Kohl had spoken, it was the turn of the prime minister of Iceland, who, as President Bush continued to write, went on and on. George put down his pen, walked over to me, and said, Brian, I've just learned the fundamental principle of international affairs. I said, what's that, George? He said, the smaller the country, the longer the speech.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Mulroney's daughter says her father died peacefully surrounded by his family in a Florida hospital. I knew Prime Minister Mulroney personally. He was a true gentleman, and I am better for having known him. Brian Mulroney was 84.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVE SADOW, TRUMP ATTORNEY: Do you have to find that Wade and Willis lied? No. What you need to be able to find is that there is a concern, a legitimate concern based on the evidence in this case about their truthfulness.ADAM ABBATE, FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA, PROSECUTOR: They haven't been able to prove that this case was one of selected prosecution for political benefit or gain.JUDGE SCOTT MCAFEE, FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA, SUPERIOR COURT: We'll be taking the time to make sure that I give this case the full consideration it's due.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, if you were watching cable news today, you may have seen some of this, the closing arguments in this case. "The New York Times" writes it this way, "Trump lawyer argues appearance of impropriety is enough to disqualify prosecutor. The stakes are high. If Ms. Willis is disqualified from the case, her entire office would be, too, and the case would probably be turned over to a district attorney from another jurisdiction. Disqualification would reduce the chances that a trial would begin before the November presidential election."We'll start here, but we'll talk about other cases as well. Let's bring in our panel, FOX News chief legal correspondent, anchor of FOX NEWS SUNDAY, Shannon Bream, syndicated radio host Hugh Hewitt, and Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.Shannon, let me start with you. I'm sure you watched some of this. It was long today. What was your takeaway?SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: listen, every time we tell people when they want to argue about cameras in the court, and I say it's super boring at the Supreme Court. You are not going to love it. Then they see this, and they say no, no, this is the kind of stuff we think happens in courtrooms all the time. A lot of back and forth, a lot of people changing their stories, some people sticking to their stories.But this judge has a couple really big decisions he has got to make before he really even gets to the application of facts to this case. First of all, is it just a conflict of interest or just an appearance of a conflict of interest? That's a very different decision for him to make. And, also, remember all those cell phone records that one of these defendants tried to submit, saying it shows there was ton of texting and shows that Nathan Wade was staying with Fani Willis on occasion. Will he admit those cell phone records? Those are big questions he has got to answer first.BAIER: Yes, Fani Willis and Nathan Wade both in the courtroom and the contingent -- or the controversy here is about their relationship, when it started, what the money was around it.Hugh, "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution" talks about these text messages, about show how the move to disqualify Fani Willis developed. On January 5th, three days before she filed her motion, Merchant, one of the lawyers, asked Bradley, another in the prosecutor's office, when the Willis-Wade romance began, the key issue in the weeks to come. "Do you think it started before she hired him, she asked? Absolutely, Bradley responded." Bradley took the stand this week and said all kinds of things. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I do see that message, but I do not recall. I don't recall any, any specific dates. I don't recall if I ever said, I don't remember.STEVE SADOW, TRUMP ATTORNEY: Mr. Bradley says absolutely. That's not speculation. That's a definitive statement that that is an indication that Bradley, in fact, knew and said he did. If you accept that, you have to have concerns about the truthfulness of Willis and Wade on the timing issue.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Now, a lot of people say, Hugh, we're focusing too much on this. But it is a big case. It's a state case, and all of these cases, it all comes down to the calendar.HUGH HEWITT, SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: Yes, the calendar is working in favor of former President Trump now, Bret. I agree with Shannon, it was very interesting, but I don't think this is a close call. I teach constitutional law, not professional responsibility, but the model code calls for lawyers to avoid even the appearance of impropriety. I don't think this is close. I think Fani Willis and the whole gang are going to get tossed off.I think that "The New York Times" is wrong in what was read there. I think it goes to the state A.G. But either way, it ain't even going to go to trial if it even gets to go forward at all before the election. Nor do I think either of the federal cases will. So I think we are focused on Manhattan coming up in March.BAIER: OK, so, if you look at the calendar, and you look at the political events that are happening, the train wreck potentially here as far as it all coming together, two trains on a track towards each over, Matthew, it's really quite something.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: That's right. Maybe instead of presidential debates we'll have dueling presidential court appearances in terms of former President Trump, a potential impeachment vote for President Biden. And we also have to think of the possibility that Hunter Biden's case may be going to trial sometime before the end of the year.But I think the fundamental takeaway, Bret, is that the lawfare that's been waged against President Trump has not worked out as planned. In fact, it's helped the former president solidify his base and be on the March in the Republican nomination. Whereas the investigations into the Biden family, into Hunter and the president and James Biden, that has hurt current President Biden by, I think, undermining his claim to be a truth-telling moderate who is above suspicion. So, the legal cases have helped Trump, unexpectedly, while hurting Biden.BAIER: Yes. So, Shannon, today's deal in Florida was about the timing of that trial of the documents case, July 8th or August 12th. But when it comes to the Supreme Court, "The Wall Street Journal" editorial board writes this. "The Supreme Court trumps Jack Smith. The Supreme Court will be attacked no matter how it rules. And former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has already declared that the Supreme Court is placing itself on trial by hearing the appeal." The appeal on the immunity issue. "No, the Court is doing its job to protect the constitutional order after Democrats decided they couldn't trust the voters to defeat Mr. Trump."And, as we talked, it's not only the immunity issue but also the Colorado ballot access issue which affects a lot of states on that issue.BREAM: It does. And Super Tuesday is upon us, and Colorado and Maine are two states where you had some form of court or official there say that they didn't want President Trump on the ballot. They are waiting to hear from the Supreme Court. So we'll see when we get that.But if former Speaker Nancy Pelosi doesn't like the idea that the Court taken this up, she should actually talk to Special Counsel Jack Smith about that, because in a filing last December, he said that the Supreme Court was the only body that could solve this question of immunity. Then he wound up arguing that they shouldn't take it. They have now. And if you don't like that it's coming in April, you think that's too long, that is super rocket docket speed for this court. So we'll see. For them, it is fast-paced. But yes, it does substantially delay that Jack Smith trial that was supposed to start on Monday.BAIER: Yes. We'll follow it all. We will need a whiteboard every now and then because there's so many things happening. But thank you very much. Stand by.Up next, the Friday lightning round. The presidential race, the border crisis, Winners and Losers, and later, "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Republicans are more interested in politics than solutions. The bottom line is we need to take action and move forward with the bipartisan agreement.REP. STEVE SCALISE, (R-LA) HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER: We have laid out to President Biden how to do it. He can do it on his own. He can fix it, but he won't.JONATHAN LINES, YUMA COUNTY, ARIZONA, SUPERVISOR: We have had a lot of complaints from people who have migrated legally to the United States, who have waited in line, paid their dues, and they are extremely frustrated.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: It was a big week for the border, for politics, both the former president and the president down there. Meantime, there is this battle over the razor wire that Governor Greg Abbott put up with his people along the border. And there is an effort by the federal government to go to court to try to cut that wire and break it up. The White House asked about that, kind of thrown off guard.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is the administration coming around to the idea that physical border barriers work?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Can you say more? What do you mean? Where is this coming from?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, it's been six weeks since you guys won a Supreme Court case that would have allowed you to remove razor wire at the Texas border. Why is it still up?JEAN-PIERRE: I mean, you have to -- to speak to the department of -- of -- DHS, obviously.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So not a lot of answers there. Back with the panel. Hugh, what's the fallout from this week, politically?HEWITT: A very good week for Donald Trump. In fact, he is polling better at this point in the 2024 race than he did in 2020 or 2016. The Real Clear Politics average has him two points over the current president. And I think every day they spend talking about anything about immigration is a good day for Donald Trump because the numbers don't lie. People see what they see, 8 million to 10 million people across that border under Joe Biden far, far more than under President Trump. And so I think any day they talk about immigration is a good day for Donald Trump.BAIER: Yes. Matthew, if you look at polls in battleground states on the issue of immigration and border security, head-to-head with the former president and the president, you can see Georgia, Michigan, North Carolina, Wisconsin, all significantly favoring the former president.CONTINETTI: I think this trip to the border, Bret, was a sign that President Biden knows that he is losing, and he is desperately trying to play catch up to former President Trump. But it doesn't work because at the end of the day, a photo op is not going to help Biden recover politically. The policies have to change. And the policies are there if you just took out that pen and phone, which he is ready to do with student loans, but not with the border.BAIER: Yet Democrats, Shannon, are going to come back to this Senate bill. And while Republicans will say the president could turn around those executive orders, they will continue to use that Senate bipartisan effort as a cudgel.BREAM: And you heard President Biden say at the border yesterday just come work with me. Let's get that bill passed. President Trump, come work with me and let's get something done. There is a lot of eye-rolling across the aisle when that happens. And I think Hugh is right, the more that this conversation continues, the better the polling shows us it is for President Trump. Monmouth says eight in ten Americans think it's somewhat or serious problem at the border. And now a majority of Americans say they want a wall built there. Those are things that have changed over the course of the last four years. So, no matter what the White House wants to say about who is to blame in not getting that bill done, the Trump camp wants to keep talking about this issue.BAIER: OK, let's do a lightning winners and losers. Winner, first, Hugh?HEWITT: My winner is Mitch McConnell. Senator McConnell became the Cal Ripken of the Senate this week when he was announcing he is stepping down in November having served 17 years as his party leader. It's a record. He did so many great things for the courts. He did so many great things for the tax code. And he kept the caucus together. So he is, without a doubt, he set a record that will not be passed. And he had great week, and he called his own shot on when he is leaving.BAIER: All right, loser?HEWITT: My loser is California. Unfortunately, the budget deficit in the Golden State which is getting buffeted by a blizzard as we speak up north, is up to $73 billion, that's a "b", for one state, $73 billion in red ink, even as the white stuff begins to fall all over the Sierra mountain range. What can't Gavin Newsom do? He has to raise taxes. It's a nightmare.BAIER: Here we go, Winner and Loser, quickly, Matthew?CONTINETTI: Shohei Ohtani is my winner of the week, baseball megastar, had a homer on his first at bat with the Dodgers, and announced he got married. My loser of the week is the Google A.I. Gemini. It's the woke A.I., politically correct. It proves the lessen garbage in, garbage out.BREAM: Shannon, winner and loser?BREAM: OK, firefighter Bryce Carden who did that amazing rescue today. He talked about that female truck driver he got out of there. Did this for 40 minutes. He said I didn't even think about it. The training just kicked in. He said the two of them prayed together. She stayed calm until they got on to that bridge there. So kudos to everybody involved with that.The loser, don't get this wrong, I'm saying happy birthday to Justin Bieber, but we're all the losers because the man is now 30 years old. How did that happen?(LAUGHTER)BAIER: Exactly. What happened to time?All right, panel, thanks. Make a great weekend.That sound means it's Friday, and it's time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I am so sad and so angry that it -- that this has happened to another mother.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. President, do you bear any responsibility for Laken Riley's death?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: You're fired, Biden. Get the hell out of here.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Biden just doesn't have the fortitude to do what is necessary to secure our borders.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's the toughest, most efficient, most effective border security bill this country has ever seen.BAIER: Any hope there's an effort to put H.R.-2 back in the mix here?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is an existential crisis for our country.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: As a Democrat, and willing and eager to go stronger than the border deal.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The new and improved Fetterman can wear whatever he wants if he keeps talking like that.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I don't believe anything Joe Biden or Hunter Biden or James Biden says.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This has been a comedy of errors from the beginning.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How did it go?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Great.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Almost 9,800 texts. I don't even think lovestruck teenagers communicate that much.BIDEN: My hope is by next Monday we will have a ceasefire.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you still expect a ceasefire is possible by Monday, sir?BIDEN: Probably not by Monday.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mitch McConnell is the least popular politician in America in either party.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL, (R-KY) SENATE MINORITY LEADER: I still have enough gas in my tank to thoroughly disappoint my critics.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: The good Lord gave us an extra day in February. So let's make sure we finish the job.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: One week covering Washington.Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, we'll preview the big Super Tuesday primary elections. And then please join us for our special Super Tuesday coverage, begins 7:00 p.m. eastern time. Cast of thousands there.We have another big FOX NEWS SUNDAY planned for you. Shannon Bream's guests will be Florida Republican Senator Marco Rubio, Maryland Democratic Senator Ben Cardin, plus Delaware Democratic Senator Chris Coons, Florida Republican Congressman Byron Donalds, all fair, balanced, and unafraid. Have a great weekend. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" is now.