SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you for joining us, everyone. I'm Sandra Smith.JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That went by really fast. Hey, big story that we're going to be covering tomorrow. Britain has just banned puberty blockers for people under the age of 18. We'll see how that resonates here in America. I'm John Roberts. "THE STORY" with Martha starts right now.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, thank you very much, guys. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum in New York, and this is THE STORY. Moments ago, the House Judiciary Committee wrapping testimony from Special Counsel Robert Hur. Republicans focused on the special counsel's finding that President Biden "willfully retained classified materials". Democrats insisting that because President Biden was not charged in this case that that means he was "exonerated". Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JERRY NADLER (D-NY): The Hur report represents the complete and total exoneration of President Biden.REP. TOM MCCLINTOCK (R-CA): Is it now OK if I take home top secret documents, store them in my garage, and read portions of them to friends or associates?REP. HENRY JOHNSON (D-CA): You used your report to trash and smear President Biden.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): A forgetful old man who Mr. Hur said did not remember when he was vice president.REP. JAMES RASKIN (D-MD): Who wins with this ludicrous, embarrassing spectacle? Orban wins, Putin wins, Xi wins, the tyrants of the world win. They have one more reason to celebrate Donald Trump and his cult followers.REP. VAN DREW (R-NJ): We have a former vice president who will not suffer any consequences for all of these actions.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right, we'll unravel all that. Trey Gowdy is standing by, but first to Republican Congressman Chip Roy who sits on the Judiciary Committee. Congressman Roy, good to have you with us today. You just walked out of that room moments ago. Why did you decide not to ask questions in this hearing and what was your takeaway?REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): Well first of all, great to be on. And yes, I didn't get to ask questions because we were also simultaneously working on TikTok and we had a classified briefing on the extent to which the Chinese Communist Party are targeting the American citizens. So, we had to go to that briefing. Jim Jordan had it well under control. And look, I happen to agree I overheard a little bit when my good friend Andy McCarthy was talking about just a minute ago right before this hour about what we saw here.I mean, we saw the former president of the United States getting targeted by DOJ, and the double standard that we see. And by the way I'm not known to be an apologist for the former president, but clearly being targeted. While you've got the sitting president, President Biden, what we know is he's trying to say at the same time that he knew specifically, we knew that he knew there was classified information, right, because he was using it for his book and all that. He's being specific about it.And then, he comes back around and he's trying to, you know, well, I don't know, and I don't remember. So, you now got the prosecutor saying, well, we're going to let this guy go because he's an elderly man who, you know, has a lost memory. But yet, that same guy was sitting there acknowledging that he had willfully was using that classified information, and we have a recording where he's working with the book writer, the ghost writer, and I think the American people saw through all that right here that the sitting president is essentially getting a pass for having broken the law, knowingly.MACCALLUM: So, he -- in this document, now President Biden, but I think it's worth reiterating that he was not and had not been president at the time that all of this was happening. And different rules apply to presidents with regard to classified documents because they can declassify things. And that'll be a whole another case in the former President Trump's situation. But Biden told the ghostwriter with regard to the documents "just found all the classified stuff downstairs."And he's telling the person who's working on the book with him. Then he also says, the staff doesn't know that I still have all the notebooks that I had. He viewed all of this as highly private material, valuable material to him, that he did not want to let go on. He said it was my property, and I have the right to hold all this. So, isn't that willful retention? And you know, what is the message to future presidents and current presidents if this isn't willful retention?ROY: Yes, well, I mean, to be very quick here, right, you just mentioned it, right? There were documents in the garage, there were documents in the den, there were documents at the University of Delaware, there were documents at the Penn Biden Center, there was documents everywhere. And the president knew this. He was knowingly having this information available. It was classified. This is a guy who served for 50 years, OK? Senate Foreign Relations. He was the Vice President of the United States. He knew exactly what the rules were with classified information. He ignored it. He did it for his own personal gain with an $8 million book advance. That's what happened. We saw it in full display today.MACCALLUM: Congressman Chip Roy, thank you. I know it's been a busy day for all of you. Hope we can get into the TikTok story later this week as well with you. Thank you very much, Sir.ROY: Sure. Thanks, Martha.MACCALLUM: Good to have you on. All right, let's bring in Trey Gowdy. He is no stranger to these hearings. He's former chair of the House Oversight Committee. He is now host of "SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA" here on Fox, one of our favorite shows. Trey, thank you very much. Good to have you here. So, what was your takeaway from all of this? What are the American people, you know, when you talk about this on Sunday night, what are you going to impart about how people should perceive all of this?TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I woke up this morning, not really sure what Rob Hur was basing his decision on. And here are your three options that Joe Biden is incompetent to stand trial, that he's incompetent to participate in a defense. So, you have incompetency. The second option is we lack evidence on one of the essential elements of the offense that we have to prove A, B, and C, and we have insufficient evidence on B. The third option is he's competent and we have plenty of evidence. We just don't think we can win in front of a jury and that's what I heard today.What I heard today, the distinctions between what former President Trump did and current President Biden did or de minimis. Now, we can argue about obstruction another day -- how Trump handled the aftermath of the discovery is a separate issue. But in terms of the retention, the willful retention. I said months ago treat him exactly the same, my position has not changed, but DOJ is not treating them the same.MACCALLUM: But it's not the same is it because one is a former vice president and senator and there are different rules that apply in terms of the inability to declassify anything. And a former president of the United States at the time that he brought those documents, in that case is you know that's still in front of us that whole thing, but doesn't that make a big difference and why wasn't that focused on more today?GOWDY: I mean, it could if there is evidence that Trump in fact did declassify those documents and he had the power to do so, and he did so in a timely way. Then, yes, that would, that would be further evidence that he should not be prosecuted. I think what Rob Hur was saying, and, and, and you know, you got a pick. I mean, either you're incompetent because your memory is so bad and therefore you can't even stand trial, so you certainly shouldn't be the president of the United States or what I heard Rob Hur say and this would be a tough trial.Look, Martha, all trials anytime, you're trying to convince twelve people of anything, including which direction the sun rises is very difficult this day and age. Getting twelve people to agree on anything beyond a reasonable doubt is tough. What i heard today was we just thought -- think back to Ken Buck's questioning. I mean, Ken Buck I thought you can tell he's a former federal prosecutor, where exactly was the willfulness missing? I didn't hear a very good answer, answer from Rob Hur.MACCALLUM: All right, let's talk -- you know, agreed. I mean, when you listen to all of this and you break it down, it comes down to, it goes back to, I should say, this is a well-meaning elderly man with memory problems. That's the way he felt the jury was going to perceive this, and I think that becomes electoral question for Americans across the country about whether or not they want that in the next president including as the current president. This is Democrats invoking Trump comparisons today. All right, you know what? We're going to listen to your friend, Jim Jordan, who is responding right now. Let's listen to this live.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JORDAN: Underscoring this double standard that the American people know exists in our Justice Department.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you just talk about how this relates to the ball - -(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: And there he goes. That was it. Trey, let's play this soundbite. These are a few of the Democrats invoking Trump comparisons today, because obviously, as I said, that case is still in front of us. Let's watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RASKIN: Given that this report is so damning in the contrast between Biden and Trump, it is hard for me to see why our colleagues think that this hearing advances their flailing and embarrassing quest to impeach the president of the United States.NADLER: President Biden had the mental acuity to navigate this situation. Donald Trump did not.(END VIDEO CLIP) MACCALLUM: Your response to that?GOWDY: It's not damning at all on the underlying crime. In fact, if I were a prosecutor, I'd rather have the facts in Joe Biden's case, multiple locations over an extended period of time, and denials with consciousness of guilt. The obstruction, you know, Jamie Raskin and I can debate that some other time, but the underlying facts of the willful retention, if I were a prosecutor, I'd rather have the facts against Joe Biden than the ones against Donald Trump.MACCALLUM: Trey Gowdy, thank you very much. Host of "SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA". We look forward to that. Thanks, good to see you as always, Trey. Thank you very much for joining us.GOWDY: Yes, ma'am, you too. Thank you.MACCALLUM: All right, so the White House comes out swinging on this in response to the former counsel Hur's testimony, claiming that Republicans are spinning his findings for political gain. Marc Thiessen and Juan Williams weigh in next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, the White House slamming GOP lawmakers, accusing them of misleading, of pushing intentional misinformation, and totally lying during Special Counsel Robert Hur's testimony today. Marc Thiessen and Juan Williams are here as we continue our coverage of today's hearing, but first to White House Correspondent Jacqui Heinrich, where we're waiting for some more response from the White House to all of this today. Hi Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha. The White House has been live tweeting so-called fact-checks, calling out specific lawmakers for what they are painting as twisted takes on the special counsel's report. But the White House is also now countering two exchanges that the special counsel had with lawmakers in which Robert Hur specifically states that he did not exonerate President Biden. The case just couldn't be made against him beyond a reasonable doubt. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DARRELL ISSA (R-CA): Did you reach a conclusion that this man was outright innocent?ROBERT HUR, FORMER SPECIAL COUNSEL: That conclusion is not reflected in my report, sir.REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-WA): You exonerated him.(CROSSTALK)HUR: -- would be a conviction.JAYAPAL: I know that the term willful retention has --(CROSSTALK)HUR: I did not exonerate him. That word is not appeared in the report.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: The White House Counsel's Office tweeted, "In America, you're innocent until proven guilty. The ultimate conclusion here was that charges are not warranted and the case is closed. In other words, the president was cleared."And they added, the definition of the word exonerated in a snapshot of that tweet. These live fact checks, as they call them, have been going on all day. The White House previewed the transcript with several media outlets to counter Hur's description of Biden's memory, and they have been highlighting favorable reporting all day, tweeting these excerpts among others.Washington Post: "Biden doesn't come across as absent-minded as Hur has made him out to be."A.P.: "The full transcript could raise questions about Hur's depiction of the 81-year-old president as having significant limitations on his memory,"The Special Counsel defended his descriptions of Biden's memory as relevant to the legal question of willful intent, and how Biden's state of mind would have factored into that the White House has been going after Hur himself. We're expecting to hear from a spokesman for the Counsel's Office shortly here on camera, Martha.MACCALLUM: OK. Jackie, thank you very much. With that, we bring in Marc Thiessen, American Enterprise Institute, senior fellow and Fox News contributor. And Juan Williams, Fox News, senior political analyst. Great to have both of you with us today.MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Good to be with you.MACCALLUM: I mean, Marc, you go back to the original leak from this report that Robert Hur felt that there would be complications when it came to a jury, because they would likely see the president as a well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory.Contrast that with what we learned today, and what do you make of these reports from some media that he appears stronger than we might have thought in this report? What do you say?THIESSEN: Well, first of all, that's the only reason he wasn't prosecuted. Because there is -- there is clear evidence in the -- in the -- in there about willful retention and sharing of classified information that he knew he had classified information he wasn't supposed to have, and he shared it with people who didn't -- weren't authorized to see it.His only reason for not prosecuting him is because he said he couldn't convince a jury that it was willful because they would see old man, well- meaning, it -- who has memory loss and memory problems, that they wouldn't confirm that it was willful.But I don't understand how you can prosecute Donald Trump for the same underlying crime simply because he is not cognitively impaired, but prosecute -- but not prosecute Joe Biden, because he is. That doesn't make sense.There is a separate issue of the -- of the cooperation, you know, and Trump's alleged, you know, interference with the investigation. But that's a completely separate thing. The underlying crime is willful retention and sharing of classified information.And Biden did it. He just couldn't convince a jury. So, why is Trump being prosecuted for the exact same thing?MACCALLUM: Juan, do you agree that today, what we learned was that there was willful retention. When the current president told his ghostwriter, I just found all this classified stuff downstairs. And he also said that he turned over notecards, but they, meaning his staff, they still don't know that I still have the notebooks which are government property that belongs in a presidential library.JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL ANALYST: I think a lot of that was notes that were handwritten by then, the former vice president.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Which is also a property at the White House,THIESSEN: Still classified.WILLIAMS: Well, no, I was going to say -- I was going to say, Martha and Marc that --MACCALLUM: OK.WILLIAMS: You're right. But it's a matter here to me of a huge difference. You know, we have a Republican prosecutor, and Hur who made a decision not to indict this president and said that he didn't think there was a case here. And yet, you have people saying, oh, well, what about this? And what -- look, he -- Hur says there is no interference by the Department of Justice. He is been very clear on that. He made this decision. And it seems to me it was his call.And, you know, that's the extent of his job. Indict or not indict? Not to offer opinions on President Biden's memory.And as you noted, at the start of this segment, various news organizations that have read -- completely read the transcript, the Associated Press, the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, The Washington Posts, all say, there is a matter of nuance, but there is no grievous memory lapse that you would say, oh, this is terrible. Look at Biden, he's an incompetent old man. That's just doesn't hold up on a reading of the transcript.You know, I mean, basically, what you see are verbal slips. But there is no great egregious memory lapse. And I think that it's important that we all, Republican and Democrat, acknowledge that Joe Biden with the State of the Union and now today, he is on a run.MACCALLUM: Well, then he ought to be able to -- if that's the case then he ought to be able to convince a jury that he did absolutely nothing wrong. But we were told by Robert Hur that the reason that he wouldn't win in a jury environment was because he'd be seen as an elderly man with a with a poor memory.So, what is the impact, Marc --(CROSSTALK)WILLIAMS: That's where he went over the line.MACCALLUM: Yes. So, both of those things cannot -- those things is no lined up.(CROSSTALK)WILLIAMS: I think that's where Hur went over the line.THIESSEN: No, he didn't ask the rationale for not prosecuting him.MACCALLUM: That was his rationale. Yes.THIESSEN: That's the rationale.MACCALLUM: Yes.THIESSEN: That --(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: So, I mean, both of these things cannot necessarily be simultaneously true. What's the impact do you think, Marc, on the Trump case from all of these findings?THIESSEN: I don't know what the impact on the Trump case is in the -- in the court of law and the court of public opinion, it's just strengthens his argument that there is a double standard in our justice system.I mean, basically, Donald Trump is being prosecuted for the same crime that Joe Biden is not being prosecuted for, because Biden is cognitively impaired and Trump is not. That's what's happening here.The question of obstruction is separate, but the fact that just because someone he cooperated with a case doesn't make -- doesn't absolve them of the underlying crime.If someone commits a murder, and then, cooperates and tells them where the bodies are buried, it doesn't absolve them of the murder, it just -- it could be an additional crime that they obstructed.So, you can -- I can understand prosecuting Trump for obstruction. But how do you prosecute one president, and in the case of Trump, he was the president United States, he had declassification authority.Joe Biden, these documents were held when he was in the Senate when he was taking up -- he took them out of a skiff and brought them home. And he was stepping over them every time he parked his Corvette in his garage, and knew that he had them, and he doesn't get prosecuted because he doesn't have the mental capacity to stand trial. But Donald Trump does it.It's a huge -- it strengthens Donald Trump politically, and it strengthens his case in the court of public opinion. That's why people won't care now if he gets convicted of this, because they're going to see it as fatally flawed.MACCALLUM: It's a pretty sad state of affairs across the board, though, Juan, when there is so much, you know -- is that there's so much discretion on how what you can take and when, and, you know, I think that for most people, if they did anything close to this in their own lives, whether it's in their company, or in -- they would never get away with this.I think it just adds to people's mistrust that if you are, you know, in this position, you can do whatever the heck you want.WILLIAMS: Well, that's, that's wrong, you know, we shouldn't allow it. And I think people are in jail for far less, Martha.MACCALLUM: That's right.WILLIAMS: But I will say this, I disagree with Marc here strongly that in the case of Donald Trump, Donald Trump, conceal documents, and then, obstructed efforts to regain them. I mean, he could -- he was asked to send them back, and he didn't. And Joe Biden didn't conceal.(CROSSTALK)THIESSEN: That's a separate crime, Juan.WILLIAMS: In fact, he pulled out the documents and said, here they are.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Well, that's the obstruction part of the equation which we're going to here about. Yes.WILLIAMS: And then, he cooperate.MACCALLUM: No. That --(CROSSTALK)WILLIAMS: And say -- OK, let me finish. And then, he cooperated.THIESSEN: But that doesn't --MACCALLUM: OK.THIESSEN: And that doesn't absolve him of the underlying crime.MACCALLUM: Yes, and that is all still to play out and we'll see where it goes. But there is a difference, which I keep pointing out between a president and someone who was vice president and a senator in terms of what rights they have with these documents.(CROSSTALK)THIESSEN: Exactly.WILLIAMS: Yes.MACCALLUM: So, it's a huge difference in these cases, which seems to be getting lost. So, Juan and Marc, thank you both. Great to have you here.THIESSEN: Thank you.WILLIAMS: Thanks. Martha.MACCALLUM: So, we're going to have an opportunity in a few minutes to speak with Trump's campaign Senior Advisor, Jason Miller, about all of this, and that is coming up shortly.And also breaking today -- this is a big story as well. So much happening on Capitol Hill that we have to get you caught up on today. Brand new warnings from the heads of our intelligence community, detailing the threats that the United States is currently facing from terrorism, and a porous, dangerous open border.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE TURNER (R-OH): Have individuals on the known terrorists list -- suspected terrorists list or the no-fly list presented them at U.S. themselves at U.S. airports once entering the United States attempting to fly?CHRISTOPHER WRAY, DIRECTOR, FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION: I believe the answer to that is yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Honestly, this hearing in another part of Capitol Hill may be even more important for everyone to pay close attention to today.The nation's intelligence chiefs testifying about the top threats that we face here in this country right now, including at our southern border. Listen closely to what they said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AVRIL HAINES, DIRECTOR, NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE: These threat from illicit drugs remains at historic levels. With Mexican transnational criminal organizations supplying and moving large amounts of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl into the United States.WRAY: The terrorist threat level that we're contending with right now is at a whole another level from an already heightened terrorist threat level that we were seeing even before October 7th.we have seen over the last, I think five years an increase in the number of KSTs or Known or Suspected Terrorists attempting to cross the southern border.I believe that the most significant terrorist threat to the United States is lone actors acting with readily accessible weapons targeting soft targets, and that includes both domestic violence dreamers and what we call homegrown violent extremists, which are jihadist, typically ISIS inspired violent extremist.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK. So, why are all these people getting in? What are they here to do? This is a huge question. Very important to our national security. And Brian Kilmeade joins us now, host of "FOX AND FRIENDS" and host of "ONE NATION".Brian, great to have you with us today. Not only all of that, that was just said there which is a lot to handle. In the tea's before we went to the break, Christopher Wray was asked, have individuals on the known terrorists list, or the no-fly list presented themselves at the U.S. -- at U.S. airports once entering the United States and attempting to fly, and he said I believe the answer to that is yes.BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: It's -- I watched yesterday Senate hearings, watch most of the House hearings today and it's pretty much the same threat. Whatever you ask them, they're expand on it.So, you have Avril Haines, who's there from DNI. CIA director, William Burns, Jerry Krause DNI and Tim Haugh as well as Brett Holmgren, who's state department's assistant secretary.And together, they have identified the main problem and most of the problems are coming through our southern border. But not all of it, you know, they talk about Ukraine, the need to backing up what's going on in Israel and how it's weaponized people here they look at us because we are supplying Israel with a lot of their weapons as a right target for it.And they got these guys in a calm calculated way, (inaudible), are saying our hair is on fire. I can't emphasize this enough how problematic it is. And then you have a lot, in some cases, not most cases, nonpartisan. But Senator Kelly, yesterday, and you watch Congressman Himes today use opportunities go, well, that legislation would have passed, would have solved all the problems. Republicans walked away from it.Republicans say you got to be kidding me. You've shown no interest in the border, now you suddenly have interest because you have the cover of a bipartisan deal, at least a name that would have actually attacked this to a degree. So in a way both have agreed, as we mentioned in the break, not to do anything. President Biden said yesterday, no executive orders, even though he knows he could do things, because he undid them.And President Trump says, wait for me, although there's some push now in the House to get something going. Keep your eye on Brian Fitzpatrick, he put something together in a bipartisan way that would not provide money at the border, what would change the admission to the border and also have Remain in Mexico element and get some money into Ukraine.MACCALLUM: You know, I mean, it seems as though there ought to be a very practical national security measure that could be implemented on the advice of these individuals in terms of ramping up who's at the border to check who's coming in, right?KILMEADE: Right. They had DNA kits.MACCALLUM: I mean, yes. You understand that you have terrorists crossing the border, and you have a no two people running for president who say, I'm not going to deal with it right now.KILMEADE: Right.MACCALLUM: I mean, Trump is limited. He's not the president right now but, you know, in terms of what can be done, and I can't help but feel that this is like a 911 moment, and we're going to say, oh, yes, remember, when they all sat at the table and told us something was coming.KILMEADE: The most -- will be the most preventable attack on American soil ever. But the one thing that would qualify, and it's very hard for anyone at home to disagree. I believe that President Trump would be focused on this in almost a myopic way at the border. He was obsessed with getting the border fixed. He was firing people, rotating people through, changing people to acting director getting rid of them. In total, they were effectively shut it down before we left.So they're always saying this guy screwed it up. I'm not given an opportunity to fix it. I'll come in and fix it, if we can last that long.MACCALLUM: Yes. I mean, it's unbelievable that the current president will not take measures to do executive orders, when he's told by the border officials that it could decrease the number of people crossing by 70%.KILMEADE: Right.MACCALLUM: 70%.KILMEADE: He's been there twice --MACCALLUM: And he said, no. I can't do it.KILMEADE: He's been there twice in 40 years.MACCALLUM: Yes.KILMEADE: That's how little interest he has.MACCALLUM: I mean, there's going to be a lot of hell to pay if these people are right about what's coming our way. Brian, thank you very much.KILMEADE: OK. Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: It's always good to see you.KILMEADE: Absolutely.MACCALLUM: We'll see you tomorrow. So as prices tick back up, we saw a big number this morning. We're going to take a look back at what things used to cost when President Biden entered office with Brian Brenberg, who has an impressive lineup of some data for you to think over when we come back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: What happened today? If you miss this, prices going up again. These were very surprising inflation numbers today. It jumped inflation 3.2% compared to a year ago, and less than half a percent from January. Both of these numbers are worse than the previous month as our latest Fox News polling shows more than 60% of registered voters say that President Biden has mostly failed on the economy. That's a huge number, very tough election year number for the president because obviously the economy is very important to everybody who votes.Brian Brenberg is here co-host of the "Big Money Show" on Fox Business. Brian, what's the reaction to this inflation number and how do you think Jerome Powell, the Fed chief who's got the handle on all of these inflation levers, or interest rate levers, I should say, is going to respond to this.BRIAN BRENBERG, FOX BUSINESS HOST: I don't want to be Jerome Powell with these numbers, because they're not good enough to change direction in terms of policy. And so, if you looked at what he said, essentially what he said is, we've got some work to do. These numbers have to come down.The problem with inflation, Martha, is it spiked way up to nine, it's come back down to like the three four range and it's just sitting there. And if it sits there like that, we're still two times where we should be to get back to normal. And if we're at that level, economically speaking, you really can't cut rates yet, even though that's what all the politicians want, even that's what President Biden wants.Powell doesn't have an economic reason to do it. So if we start to see rate cuts mid year, and we still have numbers like this, it starts to look a lot like politics to me, not economics.MACCALLUM: And one of the issues is that we keep hearing about programs. We heard a lot of them in State of the Union to give people more money, right? To relieve student debt, to, you know, more programs that give people money. She said twice. So that doesn't help the inflation picture, right?BRENBERG: Not at all. And I think that's why we're stalling out at this high level.MACCALLUM: Yes.BRENBERG: The Fed claim --MACCALLUM: You're juicing money at everybody.BRENBERG: And really, I think if you got inside Powell's mind, what he'd say is, I've done almost everything I can as the monetary guy --MACCALLUM: Right.BRENBERG: -- but I can't do anything if the government keep spending. Stop it.MACCALLUM: He's got one arm tie behind his back because the money keeps flowing --BRENBERG: Yes.MACCALLUM: -- and he's trying to back it up. Take us through some of these charts and show us where we're at here, Brian.BRENBERG: Let me do that because Biden keeps saying, I inherited a crisis and I've given you progress on inflation. But we looked at some of the data from when he came into office until now you're not going to like it, le's start with housing. Housing costs are up 20%. If you're trying to rent the place, and this is really a proxy for buying too, up 20% since he took office.Go to energy. You got to power your home, you got to power your car, energy costs up 35% since he took office until now. Let me just go to autos really quick. We're talking a lot about EVs. Cost of a new car, up 19% since he took office. But it's worse when you actually get the car. The cost to repair it up 28%, and the cost to insure it under Biden has gone up 45%.So when his polls look bad, and he can't get traction with the voters, it's because they're feeling exactly these numbers. And that's just how big they've gotten.MACCALLUM: Yes. And he's telling them how great everything's going and not telling them that he understands how they feel about all these things.BRENBERG: Right.JASON FREEMAN^ Yes.BRENBERG: Exactly.MACCALLUM: Brian, good to see you.BRENBERG: You bet.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much.BRENBERG: My pleasure.MACCALLUM: Thanks for coming by, Brian Brenberg. So Donald Trump could clinch the Republican nomination for the presidency for his party, and that could happen tonight. We call this Super Tuesday 2. The former president calling out the DOJ for gifting Biden what he calls a free -- giving Biden, I should say, a free pass as his fight in the classified documents case continues. Senior adviser Jason Miller on a huge day for the campaign coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So it's a big day for the 2024 election, President Biden and former President Trump could lock up their nominations officially tonight, and that would set up the very much expected 2020 rematch. Here's a look at where they stand right now. President Biden needs 96 delegates, former President Trump needs 137. And here the delegates are up for grabs today, a lot of numbers but basically enough for both of them to get over that barrier tonight.The former president is also weighing in on today's testimony from former special counsel Robert Hur. He decided not to prosecute President Biden for the handling of classified documents, but he is rejecting Democrats claims that he cleared or exonerated President Biden. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL (D-WA): So this lengthy, expensive and independent investigation resulted in a complete exoneration of President Joe Biden.ROBERT HUR, FORMER SPECIAL COUNSEL: I need to go back and make sure that I take note of the word that you use exoneration. That is not a word that we're using --JAYAPAL: Mr. Hur, I'm going to continue. You exonerated that.HUR: -- (inaudible) a conviction. I did now exonerate.JAYAPAL: I know that the term willful retention has a --(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK. With that, we bring it in Trump campaign senior advisor, Jason Miller. Jason, welcome. Good to have you with us today.Your thoughts on that exchange there and what you saw in there today.JASON MILLER, TRUMP CAMPAIGN SENIOR ADVISOR: Well, what we saw is the fact that Joe Biden is very much clearly has been lying. He said he didn't go and give classified information to his ghostwriter. He definitely did. They found classified information at the Biden Penn Center.They found it at University of Delaware, they found it in his basement, they found it in his garage right next to the Corvette. And in particular, I think this really cuts against Joe Biden's credibility because he stood on that debate stage, and said he knew nothing about Hunter's business dealings. But now we see here where he lied about having the classified information, but very much he gave it over to his ghostwriter.So I would like to see his ghostwriter brought in, I think this is an important person to talk to. And I think Biden's not out of the woods yet on this.MACCALLUM: Yes. He told the ghostwriter, I just found all the classified stuff downstairs. I mean, I don't know how much more clear you can be. And it would be good to hear from this ghostwriter. I know Robert has said in his document that he didn't see the need to prosecute him. And he also, the ghostwriter, by the way, tried to destroy some of the evidence when he heard that a special counsel had been appointed in this case. So I think it would be great to hear something from him.Here's a little bit more of what we heard today because there was a lot of political tone in there. This is Jamie Raskin when he had his opportunity to speak, Jason. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): So who wins with this ludicrous, embarrassing spectacle? Orban wins, Putin wins, Xi wins, the tyrants of the world win. They have one more reason to celebrate Donald Trump and his cult followers who have completely lost their way. They're looking for high crimes and misdemeanors, now they appoint themselves amateur memory specialists.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: How do you unravel that, Jason?MILLER: Yes. This is the only play that really the Democrats can run because they have Joe Biden as their candidate. And, Martha, one thing I do want to say is a lot of the conservatives on social media and on the airwaves today are pointing to Biden being called out for lying. They're pointing to her saying that he did not exonerate Joe Biden.I think the bigger concern here, though, is the two tiered system of justice. The fact that the DOJ took one approach to President Trump when he had the Presidential Records Act, and it's completely free to do he did. But Joe Biden did not have that. In fact, he was called out for five decades, 50 years, taking information from a SCIF, from the Senate, two completely different standards with how President Trump and Joe Biden are treated.I think this raises a lot of concerns for voters as we head into the fall, and they look at how do we protect democracy when you have a candidate like Joe Biden and the DOJ surrounding him, that's taken a completely different approach to two different candidates.MACCALLUM: Yes. I mean, we made that point a few times here today when we were talking about this on the show that President Trump was president when he brought those documents to his home after he was president. And that's a case that's, you know, continuing to take its course, and we'll see what happens there. But a vice president does not have the right to remove his personal documents, and certainly a senator doesn't. So it'll be very interesting to see how that is handled.Jonathan Turley talked about Judge Chutkan and how all of this is going to play out. He said, it brings us back to Judge Chutkan pledge to not yield to the election cycle. Yet the expedited effort of the court seems clearly motivated by the election cycle. She and Smith are depending on the election cycle as they struggled to pull Trump into court at the height of a presidential campaign.What do you say to that and do you think that the indictment certainly helped President Trump in his candidacy? Do you believe that actually going through these court trials will also help him or will it hurt him?MILLER: So far we've seen every one of these weaponized attacks from the justice system regardless of which level have caused President Trump's numbers to go up and up. And so, while maybe good politically, this is bad for the country, and I feel terrible for what they're trying to do to President Trump just to try to win an election.I think also voters are pretty smart. I think many people in government are Beltway insiders tend to think of people outside the Beltway as maybe not catching on to what they're doing. People realize what's going on here with Joe Biden and how they're trying to attack democracy. You wait several years and then bring this up in an election year. I think people know what's going on.MACCALLUM: Let me ask you this, separate question. The reports of house cleaning at the RNC, how do you respond to that and what is the goal of it? What are -- what is the effort? I know Chris LaCivita, who is a senior adviser on the campaign is also involved in this over at the RNC. What is the goal? What do you want to see happen at the RNC?MILLER: Great question. Well, I'm actually here at the RNC at the moment, so we have some good things that are happening here. But what we needed to do is make sure that we're focused on turning out voters and then making sure that only the legitimate votes count. And making sure we get all of those taken care of.But also, we have to make sure we're smart with the donor's money. And if donors concern that there's a bureaucracy that's too bloated. And some of the folks in the building have lost their way that we need to right size that and make sure that our resources are deployed to people out in the field and not here in Washington.MACCALLUM: How important is it to former President Trump to debate Joe Biden? And do you think that will happen in the fall as it always has in the past?MILLER: Well, we'll see if it's even Joe Biden. President Trump has made it clear he will debate Joe Biden anytime, anyplace. In fact, you know what, Martha, we'll even do it before 9:00 PM while Joe Biden is still awake to make it easy for him. And in fact, we can have any host. We'll do it on their networks, and I won't say it on this network, we will go anywhere anytime to do it.But I think Joe Biden's going to look for a convenient out because his people are afraid to put them out in public. You saw what happened Friday when he was in Pennsylvania and wasn't fully prepared off scripts, and he's running for Congress is a bad look.MACCALLUM: Well, he has debated for President Trump before and he felt he did well in that environment. He also just did a State of the Union that all of his supporters say he knocked it out of the park. So I think that the, you know, reasons not to debate are disappearing quickly. And we look forward to seeing that we think that the American people deserve to see that as well.Jason, thank you very much. Always good to have you on.MILLER: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Jason Miller, senior advisor to President Trump and the campaign.So coming up, a busy day on Capitol Hill, you can say that again. Right now is the US keeping pace with countries like China when it comes to advancing hypersonic missiles. This is a huge, huge story. How ready are we for what China is building, when we come back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So this breaking just moments ago. Puberty blockers will no longer be given to children under the age of 18 in the UK, accepting clinical research trials. That is the word from the National Health Service after an independent review. The doctor who led the review said that there's not enough evidence about the long term effects, the British government calling it a landmark decision in the best interests of children.So that's a big story. You know, those clinics were very early on in London and in England, I should say, and very widespread, and now a huge reflective moment on the part of the government there.And back here right now, lawmakers are looking for answers after warnings that the US is not keeping up to China when it comes to hypersonic weapons, missiles that can move faster than the speed of sound and dodge traditional defense systems. Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin reports live from the Pentagon. Hi, Jen.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHIEF NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. A House Armed Services Subcommittee is holding a hearing right now on US and Adversary Hypersonic Capabilities. Those are weapons able to move five times the speed of sound, in other words one mile per second, and can overwhelm or evade traditional missile defenses.There are many existing ballistic missile systems that travel at hypersonic speeds, but China and some believe Russia have more advanced hypersonic weapons than the US right now. Chinese systems include hypersonic glide vehicles which maneuver through the atmosphere after an initial ballistic launch phase. Beijing is also developing hypersonic cruise missiles that use air breathing engines such as scramjets to reach high speeds and maneuver according to defense news.The army's multibillion dollar Dark Eagle program is an effort to quickly advance US hypersonic capabilities. On Saturday, a private US defense company, Stratolaunch, says it successfully completed the first powered flight of its reusable hypersonic test vehicle. The private VC-funded hypersonic weapon for the first time tested a hypersonic rocket engine made by Ursa Major.Because the test vehicle is reusable, this makes testing hypersonic weapons, not only cheaper but also faster. This means hypersonic testing in the US can become more routine. Citing the fact that China and Russia are feeling conventional long range and hypersonic weapons, President Biden's fiscal year 2025 budget requests include $9.8 billion to deliver a mix of hypersonic long range subsonic missiles called Long Range Fires.This year's Pentagon budget request is only a 1% increase from last year's as China's military is boosting its budget by 7.2%. Martha?MACCALLUM: Does not get enough attention. Jennifer, thank you very much for bringing us that story from the Pentagon, Jennifer Griffin.So that's THE STORY for this Tuesday, March 12. But as always, THE STORY goes on, so we look forward to seeing you back here tomorrow at 3:00. Super Tuesday 2 tonight, looks like both of the candidates, President Biden and former President Trump, are going to meet the marker to be the nominees for their party this evening. So stick around and "YOUR WORLD" gets started right now. I will see you back here at 3:00. Have a good evening.