MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": While our media promotes this idea. Thomas Friedman and the left in Israel, Lapid and the rest. They want to hand their country over to this genocidal terrorist Nazi and then destroy Israel and the people in Israel.No way. Period. No two-state solution. No final solution.I'll see you next time on "Life, Liberty & Levin."TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA": Good evening and thank you for joining us. I'm Trey Gowdy and it is SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Donald Trump won New Hampshire by double digits. He won Iowa and he is leading in Nevada and South Carolina, but his lone remaining rival, Nikki Haley says she's sticking around.Nevada and South Carolina are up next and Haley not only know South Carolina well, she knows how to come from behind and win in that state. In 2010, she was fourth out of four when she began her quest for governor and she wound up winning.This presidential mountain, however, seems tougher to scale. Donald Trump has universal name recognition, a fiercely loyal base, and he has also won South Carolina convincingly in the past.Republicans will have a nominee for president, that much we know and Donald Trump is the favorite. The real question is whether Republicans can or will coalesce around that nominee or alienate those who support someone else.Seven out of 10 Haley supporters say they would not vote for Donald Trump in November. Half of Donald Trump supporters say they would not vote for Nikki Haley. Can Republicans remain splintered and still be successful this fall?Let's ask two experts and friends of our show, Fox News contributor, the handsome Hurt brother, Charlie Hurt, and Democratic strategist, Kevin Walling.Charlie, Trump says Haley should get out of the race and focus on beating Biden; Haley says I beat Biden worse than you can. So how long does this GOP primary last?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Honestly, I think that it's going to last probably a few more weeks, unless you know, Haley -- Nikki Haley, really does decide to go all the way to Super Tuesday.But I would imagine that what we're looking at right now is Nikki Haley, she has already put out an ad, she is kind of testing the waters. She is doing some events in South Carolina, and she's going to look at those internals to see whether or not you know, she can sort of move the needle inside her own state, then she'll stick it out.But you know, if she looks at that and the needle doesn't move in this Trump era, it's pretty, rough. You know, as you noted, at the beginning there, she will be going on a loss in Iowa, a loss in New Hampshire, and a loss in Nevada.And so, you know, the idea of riding into South Carolina and potentially losing your own state, and potentially losing your own state by a wide margin is one of those things. It is kind of a career ender, it can be a career ender. It was for Al Gore, for example.And so, you know, I would think that cooler heads will prevail before then, but if she decides that she wants, you know, she can close the gap and she thinks she can win, you know, who knows? Maybe we'll see her through Super Tuesday.GOWDY: Kevin, let me ask you about an issue that popped up in the exit polling in both Iowa and New Hampshire, the border and immigration, it seems like it's number one on the minds of some voters, even greater than the economy. I know, it's just two states, but it is beginning to seem like something of a millstone around Biden's neck and I don't think the Republicans are going to throw him a lifeline. So how does he get out of this?KEVIN WALLING, FORMER JOE BIDEN SURROGATE: Yes, Trey, it is interesting, and actually, you're seeing the issue of immigration and the border rise among Democrats as well, who participated in that New Hampshire primary in the write-in.Listen, I think, you know, the president is still hopeful that we'll get some kind of bipartisan deal out of the Senate. You saw some, you know, Republican senators come out in the wake of Donald Trump weighing in this past week with issues about, you know, wanting to hold on to that issue for November.And I think that actually, we could flip the script on Republicans if they torpedo that effort come November. But you know, to your point, interestingly enough with the conversation with Charlie, everything that fuels politics and campaigns is about money.And you've got Nikki Haley's super PAC which outraised Donald Trump's super PAC in the last quarter. She got $24 million on the hard side in the last quarter, out with a $4 million ad campaign, so I think she's in it to win it, as she kind of reintroduces herself to South Carolina voters in these next couple of weeks.GOWDY: Charlie, let's listen to Nikki Haley together and then I am going to ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: You can't bully your way through this process. He has 32 electoral delegates, I have 17. You have to have 1,215. There's a long way to go in this race and we're prepared to do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Let me ask you, I thought the former president was collegial after Iowa. New Hampshire was different. There was talk about stolen elections and a shot at Governor Sununu and a comment about Governor Haley's dress and implied threats for her supporters.So I mean, I wonder, does the former President know he actually won? I mean, he actually won New Hampshire. Winners tell jokes, they don't make fun of people's dresses. So how does this help win in November to have this still going on between him and her?HURT: Well, I think the thing that -- Nikki Haley did sort of ramp up her attacks on Donald Trump that night, which I think is what kind of set him off.But, you know, she can call it bullying, but Donald Trump can call it winning. And, you know, going back to Kevin's point, talking about how money talks in politics, and certainly it does, and that's why she's still in the race. But of course, Nikki Haley has outspent everybody -- all of the top contenders in Iowa and New Hampshire, and Donald Trump still beat both of them in both places.So money does talk, but one of the appealing things I see about Donald Trump is that he has sort of reverse engineered the whole money and politics thing. He manages to beat people spending a lot less money and enduring a lot more attacks on him than any politician we've ever seen ad I think that that's a positive direction in our politics in this country.GOWDY: All right, Kevin, I've got to ask you this. Let's assume a hypothetical fact pattern former President Donald Trump calls you tonight and says, hey, Kevin, who should I pick from my vice president? What do you tell him?WALLING: Well, interestingly enough, I think, you know, Nikki Haley, you know, despite the vitriol that we're seeing on the campaign trail might make a compelling choice for him, because he has to lock up, you know, kind of the more, you know, Reagan-esque wing of that party, right?So, in our own Fox News exit polling out of New Hampshire, 35 percent of Republicans that participated in that primary said that they would not support Donald Trump on the general election ballot.That's a huge issue for Donald Trump in terms of uniting that party with that Never Trump wing. So if he gives a nod, potentially to you know, Nikki Haley to Tim Scott, I think that would actually benefit him in the long run.GOWDY: You may be right, but you've got to quit calling people birdbrain if they're going to be like your right or left hand person.WALLING: That's right.GOWDY: But what do I know about policy?Thank you guys for coming on. We'll see you next time. It's going to be a fascinating year.HURT: Great to see you.GOWDY: Thank you. Thank you, both. You, two.WALLING: Thanks, Trey.GOWDY: The Democratic primary in New Hampshire was unsanctioned for reasons that would take way too long to explain, but suffice it to say President Biden won 64 percent of write-in votes and Minnesota Congressman Dean Phillips got about 20 percent of the vote.Phillips like Nikki Haley is marching on.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DEAN PHILLIPS (D-MN): I respect President Biden. My contention is he cannot defeat Donald Trump and that he's a weak incumbent candidate. The other three candidates, Mrs. Haley, Mr. Trump, or Mr. Biden is bringing anything but division and nonsense culture wars and hate and fear and the past, and this country is ready for the future.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Joining us now is former presidential candidate, Andrew Yang who is campaigning for Congressman Phillips.Thank you so much for joining us.Congressman Phillips says Biden cannot be Trump. Nikki Haley says Trump cannot beat Biden, which leaves many of us confused. So who does beat whom in a Trump versus Biden rematch?ANDREW YANG, FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, Trey, I am of the viewpoint that whichever party can manage to move on from its 80-year-old incumbent will have a huge advantage in the fall. And Dean is right that the numbers show Joe Biden at a sharp disadvantage to Donald Trump in the swing states. He has a 38 percent approval rating. He is 81 years old.He is not the right nominee for the Democratic Party, in my opinion, whereas Dean Phillips, 55 year old former CEO of Talenti Gelato, three-term member of Congress from Minnesota, second most bipartisan member of Congress wants to fix the border, wants people to apply for asylum from their country of origin instead of paying the cartel to get snuck in, very common sense.He is the man to turn the page for both the Democratic Party and the entire country.GOWDY: All right, you touched on some of it, but I want you to keep going. The differences between President Biden Congressman Phillips, as it comes to policy. You touched on some of them, but what are some others for people who are seriously trying to weigh and balance between the two?YANG: Dean thinks that America has become unaffordable for Americans and unfortunately, he is right. So he wants to ease the cost of health care, build seven million new housing units, make vocational school and college much more affordable, have baby bonds of $1,000.00 for every American infant that would grow to be a bit bigger by the time you're 18.He wants to give Americans a fair shot and these are common sense policies that do bring Americans together. He also again wants a common sense approach on the border because he thinks this administration is not delivering effective policy and it is affecting all Americans. I mean, that's not a partisan issue.GOWDY: You smartly bring up the border. It is on the minds of voters, even more so than the economy in some states. So how would a President Phillips handle the border? And why is border security part of the negotiations? I would think everybody agreed on a secure border, and then we could disagree on other parts of immigration. But why is border security part of the negotiation?YANG: Trey, we all know that our border is not as secure as it could or should be, because our political figures don't actually have to solve a problem in order to stay in office, and Dean wants to actually get into the guts of it and senses the legitimate frustration of Americans of both parties that we're not enforcing a border in any kind of effective or modern way.So he wants to include barriers, he wants there to be a buffer zone on both sides of the border. Again, he wants people to apply for asylum in their country of origin instead of having to pay the cartel to sneak you across the border, and then you can apply and then unfortunately, get lost in our dysfunctional application system.These are common sense solutions and it is something that Americans of all parties can get behind. That's the way Dean is. Dean is from a purple district in Minnesota, which is kind of a purple state. He is a modern problem solver and CEO who just wants to get things done.GOWDY: All right, let me ask you about something else that you would be knowledgeable about and that's the role that third parties play or may play in the electoral outcome this fall.How do you see that shaking out? Third parties impacting either side in terms of the Electoral College, if at all?YANG: Oh, yes. There is a lot of frustration with both parties, Trey, and you can see it playing out in these primaries very, very clearly. I mean, there are a lot of Democrats are not pumped about having Joe Biden run again, and they're trying to shut down all competition.We're going to see if voters can make their voices heard in South Carolina and Michigan, that they want a real competition. But RFK is in the field and is at double digits in some polls, Cornel West, Jill Stein both running third party. Then there's the No Labels effort that we're all waiting to see what that becomes.But I think that non two major party candidates could easily see their highest vote totals since Ross Perot got 19 percent in 1992.GOWDY: Yes, I recall that. We may never have had a President Clinton had it not been for Ross Perot, although Ross Perot supporters say he took equally from both. I don't know. I wasn't following politics or history closely at the time.I know this, Dean Phillips is lucky to have an advocate like you and we are appreciative that you would join us on a Sunday night, so thank you for that.YANG: Thank you, Trey. Let's keep this election going. A lot of the country is not that pumped about the rematch of Biden versus Trump. We really can deliver better.GOWDY: We shall see.Andrew Yang, thank you for joining us.Up next, the state of Georgia versus Donald J. Trump just won 12 Daytime Emmy Awards for Best Soap Opera starring a district attorney and her underqualified boyfriend, but will it actually impact Trump's case? Former federal prosecutor Andrew Cherkasky joins us right after the break only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.As the tables turn, that actually sounds like the title for a soap opera, Fulton County district attorney, Fani Willis was already catching heat over allegations she hired a boyfriend with no real criminal experience to handle a pretty complicated election interference case. And now, newly unsealed court documents from boyfriend, Nathan Wade's divorce case are generating even more questions.Did Fani Willis herself benefit financially from hiring boyfriend Nathan Wade? Are Wade and Willis cooperating or are they obstructing? Fulton County commissioners may want to know where the money is going. The Georgia Bureau of Investigation, they have questions. Family Court lawyers and judges definitely have questions.Congress says they have a few, too, but even if these allegations are true, does it impact state of Georgia versus Donald J. Trump, and if so how?Joining us now to unpack the law versus the politics is former federal prosecutor, Andrew Cherkasky.Andrew, welcome. Thank you for joining us.I like hearing from people who actually did it for a living. You are still a lawyer, a good litigator, relevance. That's what I'm wondering, are these allegations against Wade or Willis relevant in Donald Trump's criminal trial?ANDREW CHERKASKY, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Well, good to be with you, Trey.I'm not sure if this is more soap opera or like John Grisham legal thriller, because the cards seem to be falling for Fani Willis. I do think that this is something that will affect the Trump case. You see what is going on here is essentially kickbacks.Fani Willis bringing in somebody unqualified for the job and it seems as though he's giving her these elaborate trips, these elaborate vacations, that's something that we know is honest services fraud.So I think that is something that needs a very deep investigation, but even more concerning now is these reports that we hear that Fani Willis and Nathan Wade were taking meetings at the White House. And what I really want to know about those meetings is whether there was an improper purpose. Were they trying to set the timing up so that it would interfere with the 2024 election? All of these questions need very serious answers, I think, well, before we get to any potential trial against Donald Trump.GOWDY: All right, let me ask you a hypothetical because that's what lawyers like to do to one another. If Willis and Wade were both booted off of this case, for any of the reasons you cited, a new prosecutor could very well go forward, I think, you tell me if I'm wrong. In fact, if they get rid of Wade, they might actually go hire someone who knows his or her way around a criminal courtroom, so I can envision a scenario where you still have the indictment, you just have a better prosecutor prosecuting it.CHERKASKY: Well, I think when you look at the issue of prosecutorial misconduct, you have to look at even if you can establish prosecutorial misconduct, then what does the court do about that?Oftentimes, we see there are low level remedies, whether it is something in the discovery process, perhaps more liberal access to documents that the defense wouldn't otherwise have access to. The next level is taking off certain individuals from a case, so finding that there was some sort of personal issue.But in this case, where it goes all the way back to the grand jury time, I think, even if the judge were to find prosecutorial misconduct, get rid of Fani Willis and Nathan Wade, essentially, it is setting back the time all the way to the beginning.So any prosecutor who would come into this case at this point, I think, would have a tremendous hill to climb in trying to reverse time and trying to get back to kind of square one.And when we look at how deeply political this prosecution is, it does strike me as something that ordinary prosecutors, really good prosecutors would hesitate to undertake, because if they don't have a platform to run on, like Fani Willis does, it really is something that could have a very negative -- it could come back very negative on them if they were to blow the case themselves and lose it in the end.GOWDY: What should we be watching for? You have a trained legal eye. You've got Family Court matters, you've got folks fighting about who gets deposed and in what order? What should people who want to be paying attention to the right thing be looking for over the next weeks and months?CHERKASKY: I think what's most interesting is trying to figure out what was going on between the White House and Fani Willis and Nathan Wade. Those conversations are key in my mind, because Joe Biden has claimed all along that he has not been involved in the prosecutions of Donald Trump that he has tried to keep a distance from that.But if there's direction coming from the top in order to essentially manipulate this prosecution to be something that benefits Joe Biden or the Democrats in the 2024 election, then to me, it feels very much like what they're complaining about Donald Trump doing back in 2020.We can't be in a nation where we are using the DOJ or using our legal systems to interfere with the actual, the voting and democratic process in our country. We need fairness and we need to have assurance that the courts will ultimately allow the political process to work independent of aggressive prosecutors that are scattered throughout the nation.GOWDY: Counselor, we love you here because you break down the issues as someone who has experienced would. I have a sneaking suspicion this will not be the last time you and I are talking about criminal matters in 2024, but I sure enjoyed the first time. Thank you for joining us.CHERKASKY: Thank you, Trey.GOWDY: Coming up, our next guest escaped Congress but he still knows which inmates are trying to take over the asylum. Former Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy when we come right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Jeff Paul in Los Angeles.US negotiators are working toward an agreement that would see a pause in the Israel-Hamas war. Officials say the deal would stop Israel's military campaign for two months in exchange for more than 100 hostages captured during the October 7 attacks by Hamas.Israel says there are still some gaps in the talks with the US, Qatar and Egypt, but calls them constructive. They are expected to continue next week.President Biden continues trying to balance free speech and Gaza protests as he attempts to drum up support for his re-election bid. Protesters continue to disrupt his campaign events. They are objecting to his handling of the Israel-Hamas war. The president has tried to acknowledge and empathize with the concerns of the protesters and move on with his speeches.I'm Jeff Paul, now back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.I love stories of people who are finally freed, they are finally exonerated after serving a prison sentence for crimes they did not commit. Our next guest escaped Congress last month, but he had some help, eight House Republicans linked arms with Rashida Tlaib and Adam Schiff and all the other Democrats to get rid of one speaker only to replace that speaker with a new one who is doing pretty much the exact same thing the old one did.No, it does not make sense.The newly liberated private citizen, who I think is also a birthday boy, former Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy joins us now.Mr. Speaker, I do not blame Mike Johnson. He voted for you in January, he supported you on October, round after round after round. He now wears the crown, but it seems like nothing has changed. So what did these eight accomplish other than chaos and wasting time.KEVIN MCCARTHY (R), FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: The only thing they accomplished is working with the Democrats and letting the Democrats control the floor. The things Republicans need to do and think about what we are able to achieve those first nine months, the most secure border bill ever. And Trey, when you were in, you know how difficult that is to do. And we had a small margin.We were able to cut $2 trillion, reform welfare, a Parents' Bill of Rights, energy independence, and we watched what the president did this week, shutting down American natural gas. He literally picked Putin over America, picking Putin over our allies.If we simply replaced Russian natural gas in Europe for one year with American natural gas, we'd lower CO2 emissions by more than 115 million tons. That is tremendous, but it's also American jobs.So what Republicans need to look for is how do they work together. Those eight chose to work with Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats, and what they are doing now is locking in Pelosi's policies by not moving forward with the appropriations and if we would move forward and agree to that agreement that we made during the summer, we would spend less money, have Republican policies, take away the wokeism and make America stronger going into the next year.GOWDY: Let me ask you about a couple of the eight, the Matt Gaetz ethics investigation is back in the news. There are claims he has admitted in writing that he took you out as speaker, because you would not stop the ethics case or the ethics committee from allegedly from looking at his alleged misconduct.So do you remain convinced that his ethics case is what prompted him to join arms with the Democrats and get rid of you?MCCARTHY: Yes, he was the only one that made the motion to vacate and it was all about protecting himself.You served on ethics. You understand, there legally is nothing I can do. And remember this ethics complaint didn't come from me, this came from -- it was putting in a different Congress and looking at very serious allegations and what Matt Gaetz wanted me to do is break the law, stop the ethics from looking at it, and he'll do anything not to let this come forward. But from my point of view, I have to uphold the law and do what is right regardless of the consequences and I do it all again.GOWDY: Yes, I served on ethics for most of the time that I was in the House and I never had a speaker ever mention an ethics matter to me, not one way or the other. It is absolutely forbidden.So the notion that you're somehow going to intervene and protect him --Let's move on to Bob Good from Virginia. He is the head of the Freedom Caucus. We both have friends in that group and the Freedom Caucus. But what is Bob Good's strategy exactly. And were you surprised that the Freedom Caucus actually picked a leader who does not support Donald Trump or certainly Donald Trump was not his first choice?MCCARTHY: Well, I don't know if Donald Trump was his first, second or third or fifth choice. He seemed to work hard against, he literally said that he doesn't support President Trump because he said he can't win and this was coming after President Trump had won Iowa.So I've just watched Bob Good seem that he's really bogged down a lot of Congress itself. You've had people in the Freedom Caucus, who we have a lot of good friends there, who really put -- Warren Davidson put a letter out and said he probably wouldn't belong to the Freedom Caucus leadership anymore if they elected Bob Good.And they don't really have a true election, a few people select who it is, but you know, it's interesting, the voters get to decide. And in Virginia, it has all changed. Instead of just 2,500 people deciding who the nominee is, the people all get to vote, and they have a state senator there. A former Navy SEAL, an individual McGuire who teaches leadership, who is really remarkable, who put his hat in the ring, who has been a big supporter of President Trump. I think he's probably one of the first supporters of President Trump in Virginia.He has been a strong supporter of Youngkin. He has been a strong supporter of parents rights. He's been a strong supporter of fiscal responsibility. And I think that will be a really heavily debated election coming into Congress in that race.GOWDY: All right, we've got about a minute left. Let me ask you a question that may take longer. We'll come back to it another night. Will you be politically active this cycle? I mean, you are -- you're out of politics, you've seen very, very happy you just celebrated your 95th birthday. Will you be politically active in the primaries as they begin to take shape?MCCARTHY: Yes, if I turned 95, that means you're 96. But one thing I will tell you --GOWDY: That's true.MCCARTHY: I am always going to be active for my country. I want what is best for America and what I see in the White House today with Joe Biden, what I -- we had to work across the aisle with Joe Biden, and the one thing I found he is not up for the job. He is not capable of doing the job. He is harming American jobs. He's harming us overseas.And I know -- I support President Trump and I believe President Trump, I've watched what he's been able to accomplish and I'm going to help put America first in that process and make sure we're able to get a much stronger position.And I want a Congress that can support President Trump, not one that says he can't win or be a part of it. So I think it's very important that we look at that and work hard together and bring all the Republicans and Independents to do what's right.GOWDY: The newly liberated and apparently very happy, former Speaker of the House, Kevin McCarthy, thank you so much for joining us on a Sunday night. We'll see you soon.MCCARTHY: Thank you, Trey.GOWDY: Coming up, Oakland's progressive mayor has the secret to reducing violent crime. A life coach. Why did we think of that?Paul Mauro is a former police officer, current attorney and would probably make a pretty good life coach himself. He's next on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.The city of Oakland is going through a violent crime wave with surges and robberies and auto thefts and burglaries among other crimes. Violent crime increased 21 percent last year. People are dying and businesses are leaving so the mayor has a solution -- life coaches for those with criminal intent.Joining us now is Fox News contributor, attorney, and former NYPD inspector, Paul Mauro. Paul, the mayor actually has a very inspiring life story. She overcame a lot. She was the victim of crime herself. So, I don't doubt her intentions, but I'd rather have more cops than more life coaches, so am I missing something?PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: You know, I think in Oakland, Congressman, we've actually hit peak progressive in terms of criminal justice. The system there is entirely dysfunctional. It has every political justice malignancy that a city can have. It makes Philadelphia look functional.So let's run the traps. It's not just the mayor. They have had no police chief for a year because the mayor fired the last one. That's happened to the last three police chiefs and they still don't have a replacement.The city council, super-progressive has defunded the police. No new academy classes coming. They've limited the ability to do pursuits in property crimes, so the perps know that, so they operate with impunity. Oakland, because of that, is home to what is reported to be the most dangerous square mile in the country, which is why In-n-Out Burger is closing its first store in 75 years in that location, so has Starbucks, so has Target. They are losing the tax base.And then they have a DA that makes Alvin Bragg look like Eliot Ness. She just doesn't want to do anything. She doesn't want to prosecute serious felonies and she has actually instituted a policy that if prosecution of a felony were to result in what she calls "a disparate racial impact," then it shouldn't be pursued.That's not even constitutional and as a result, you have prosecutors resigning from her office, so it is really a cascade of effects in that city and you're seeing the results as the tax base erodes.GOWDY: You know, Paul, I saw a flowchart. I hope we actually don't put it up because it's going to give people vertigo. I mean, if they look at her flowchart on how to solve crime, which I think you and I know, well, I wouldn't just go with what, you know, lack of education, lack of family stability, and accountability, the abuse of drugs and alcohol.Those are areas to focus on with long-term preventing crime, but in the short term, perps need to be arrested and prosecuted and in prison, not a life coach.MAURO: Yes, precisely. And you know, you go right to it. One of the problems with the defund and the progressive approach to law enforcement is that it's all one way. They have decided that, you know, de-carceration means we're going to completely remove the stick and only have the carrot, and we're seeing the results.The bottom line is, if you want to incentivize good behavior, there has to be some pejorative effect, there has to be a negative for breaking the law. And when you completely remove the stick, well, then don't be surprised if the perps who are very savvy, move into that vacuum and we're seeing that nationwide.Oakland has another negative going for it, though here that is really a subtlety that a lot of people don't realize, a lot of cities in this country are suffering from it. They have a federal monitor, and they have had a federal monitor for 20 years. It's not supposed to work that way. Federal monitors put in by a judge, they're supposed to cure an issue, and then let the city go on.But they're incentivized to stay there because they get paid millions. If you just Google it, how many cities in America have a federal monitor, making a fortune by constantly finding issues and never solving the ones that will put in place for, Oakland suffers from that. They are all fighting with each other, they're fighting with the monitor, they are fighting with the mayor, they are fighting with the police, it is completely dysfunctional. And I do think that part of it comes down to a federal monitor that really isn't necessary at this point. They've got to let the people there do the job.GOWDY: You know, Paul, what you know, but some progressives do not is that some folks just cannot be fixed. They're too mean, they have too little regard for the lives and property of others, and they need to be separated from society. They do not need a life coach nearly as much as they need a life sentence.So until folks figure that out in these progressive cities, then you and I are going to continue to have this conversation. And while I love talking to you, I do not like talking about rising violent crime because I hate it for the victims. Paul Mauro, former police officer, current attorney, thank you, as always, for loaning us your expertise.MAURO: Thank you, sir.GOWDY: Coming up, did the US share intelligence with Iran? And if so why? What is Biden's plan to deter Iran from continuing to provoke the US in that region? That and more is coming up only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.In the aftermath of 9/11, we promised each other we'd never forget. I'm sure Israelis made the same promises when Jews were burned alive, Jewish babies were maimed, when parents watched their children murdered right before they themselves were murdered. I'm sure Israel said there will be no rest until those responsible are brought to justice.But the world kind of have a short memory sometimes. The bodies were barely in the ground before some were calling for a ceasefire, calling for Israel to negotiate with the terrorist group.Israel and Hamas are reportedly close to swapping Israeli hostages for Palestinian prisoners. Even so, the region is poised for more conflict. The Houthis continue to fire missiles at commercial vessels, Hezbollah continues to fire rockets and missiles into Israel.New reports claim the US actually warned Iran ahead of a deadly ISIS attack earlier this month, which killed 84 people, and if that is true, the US warned an enemy that another enemy would attack at a memorial service for terrorists the US killed.That's lots of moving parts and a complicated fact pattern and the politics might be even more complicated.President Biden is a leader of a political party, which is home for some who can't seem to pick between Israel and baby killers, and he leads a political party where some equate boundary disputes with burning people alive.So what role should the US and our military play especially as the doves in both parties argue for even more US isolation?Joining us are two leading authorities on the Middle East, Robert Greenway, a former National Security Council member who led the Abraham Accords Peace Institute, and Victoria Coates, a former deputy National Security adviser for the Middle East.Welcome to you both and thank you for being here.Victoria, what is the US military strategy with respect to Iran and its surrogates because the Pentagon seems to respond, but barely and the response is like proportional at best and maybe not even that.VICTORIA COATES, FORMER DEPUTY NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER UNDER PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, Trey, good to be with you and with Rob, you know, there is no strategy that merits that word that I can see. We are entirely reactive in the region.We are just responding to individual attacks, trying to dismantle individual missiles. But unfortunately, until we really take it to the Iranians who are the source of all of this, until they feel some brush back, this is just going to continue and they're going to expand their activities, make no mistake about it.GOWDY: All right, Rob, here's my question. Ever since I saw the report, if true, I know there's a reason, I just need you to explain the reason to me. If true, why would the US warn Iran about a terrorist attack at a memorial service for a general that we thought was a terrorist and we helped take that general out? How does all that fit together?ROBERT GREENWAY, FORMER NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL MEMBER: Well, they wouldn't unless, for some reason, the sharing of that information to terrorists who are engaged at this moment in an unprecedented and unceasing attacks against our own forces in the Middle East, it wouldn't make sense unless, you know, we got something in return for it like a cessation of hostilities, but we obviously haven't gotten that.So it makes no sense for us to appease the largest sponsor of terrorism to provide them intelligence, to warn against a terrorism attack when they're engaged in ceaseless terrorist attacks against us. And so we're paying for the privilege of being attacked and now it seems we're providing intelligence and information on top of it.GOWDY: Yes. I really honestly tried to make sense of it and I'm struggling to do so.Victoria, initially, Biden seemed very supportive of Israel, at least from my perspective, he seemed that way. But his party was a little more splintered. So what do you think he's now because he's paying a political price. I mean, lots of folks in his party don't support Israel. So what is he telling Benjamin Netanyahu? And what do you think Netanyahu's response has been?COATES: No, I think Trey, they are kind of in a trap of their own making here. Yes, the president's rhetoric right after October 7th was welcomed, as was his trip to Israel, that was well done. But since then, he's been much more sort of equivocal, drawing some kind of equality between Israel and between the Hamas attackers. And then we've seen his own staff start to rebel against him.The only reason we didn't have a walkout 10 days ago was it snowed and everybody had a snow day, but his own staff was going to publicly disrespect the commander-in-chief, which suggests there is internal chaos and that is what we're seeing is a lack of strategy overall because they can't get on the same page and that should be directed by the president.GOWDY: Yes, I'm only smiling at the notion that snowflakes who would be thwarted by snow, that walk out would be stopped by snow.So Rob, how does this end? I mean, does the conflict broaden? Is there a negotiated ceasefire? Are there more prisoner swaps? How does this end?GREENWAY: Well, it's the million dollar question and I don't think there's an answer to it. I'm not sure that it will.Gaza is only the smallest component of what we're seeing as a regional escalation. It is likely the Israelis will have to go into South Lebanon to restore order to return 200,000-plus citizens that have been displaced by the conflict growing there, at that point, regional escalation stands to be even more precipitous.I'd add to that the disruption we're seeing from the Houthis in global shipping now southward isn't disconnected from this and Americans are having trouble with gasoline, with rent, and with food prices. We don't need higher commodity prices, because we can't manage this. But that's unfortunately, what we're seeing.GOWDY: Victoria, I'm going to give you the last word, but the same question, how do you see this ending, if at all, and when?COATES: No, I think unfortunately, it will only decisively end when we have a change of leadership at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, because as I was saying, this strategy has to come from the commander-in-chief who takes the line from Ronald Reagan and says, we win, they lose.You know, the Iranians have so many weaknesses, internal problems, environmental problems. Their own people don't support them. This is not a hundred feet high. It should not be an insurmountable task for the United States to restore some order here.But again, until we have leadership that's going to do that decisively, I see -- I mean, I don't understand why we're putting all our people at risk.GOWDY: Thank you both for your service to our country and for loaning us your expertise on a Sunday night. I have a sneaking suspicion we'll be talking about it again and probably soon. Until then, thank you.COATES: Thank you, Trey.GREENWAY: Pleasure. Thank you, Trey.GOWDY: And thank you for spending part of your Sunday with us. I hope you have a great week ahead. Until next week, you can find us online at Gowdy America or on "The Trey Gowdy Podcast."Good night from South Carolina.