KENNEDY, FOX NEWS BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: I will be at the Carson Nugget in Carson City, Nevada, this Saturday night, March 23rd for two shows, 6:00 and 8:00 pm, tickets at CCNugget.com. I will see you and tickle you there.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. Thank you, Kennedy, Vince August, Jimmy Failla, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. FOX NEWS @ NIGHT with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, the left is now deceptively running full speed ahead with former President Trump's bloodbath comment, even though the word was clearly used in reference to the auto industry and had zero to do with violence. But if the Democrats want another fight, it appears the former president is happy to oblige. The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. on why the latest Trump hoax could backfire. In a jiffy. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: A good evening to you, Trace. You know, the old saying goes something like this. A lie can make its way halfway around the world before the truth can get his trousers on. Even worse, liars know they have a better than 50/50 shot that you'll never hear a correction even if there is one. And for that matter, the die is cast in the lie, before anybody figures out what the truth is.And that's sort of what critics are saying about this. Take former President Trump's remarks about a possible coming bloodbath in the auto industry.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Now, if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath for the whole -- that's going to be the least of it. It's going to be a bloodbath for the country. That will be the least of it. But they're not going to sell those cars of building massive factories.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: They're not going to sell those cars. Do you hear him say that? Course that "a bloodbath" was taken out of context. But even though each one of these outlets and many others knew it was taken out of context, they ran with the story anyway, giving the public a false impression, which is precisely what critics say the Biden administration is now doing with its new campaign ad.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Now if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath. And it's going to be a bloodbath for the country. But you also had people that were -- very fine people on both sides.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: Of course, the very fine people comment was also famously taken out of context. Today, the former president said this on Truth Social. The fake news media and their Democrat partners and the destruction of our nation pretended to be shocked at my use of the word bloodbath, even though they fully understood that I was simply referring to imports allowed by crooked Joe Biden which are killing the automobile industry.Now critics, of course, say it's all part of this frustration. And it's familiar, not just the press but Congress. And now apparently the White House, Trace.GALLAGHER: Indeed. Kevin Corke live for us in DC. Kevin, thank you. Let's bring in Princeton University political scientist, Lauren Wright and Steamboat Institute fellow, Kaylee McGhee White. Thank you both for coming on. I appreciate it. Nancy Pelosi said this about Trump's bloodbath comment. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): We just have to win this election because he's even predicting a bloodbath. What does that mean?(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, you know, that's the whole thing, Kaylee McGhee. You look at the media coverage, you look at the politicians involved. You remember when kids would put their fingers in their ear and they go man, ma'am, and they just didn't want to hear it. They don't want to hear any of the -- of the, you know, the context or any of that. They just want to go forward with the narrative. What do you think about this whole thing?KAYLEE MCGHEE WHITE, FOX NEWS COMMENTATOR: Well, I think that Trump is absolutely right to defend his comments because A, as you've already mentioned, the media and the Democrats are willfully lying about what he said. And B, because the context they have failed to include in their coverage of this proves that he's right. The elitist agenda that Joe Biden is pushing which includes all of his climate change policies will destroy the U.S. auto industry.I know I grew up in Detroit, the auto workers that Trump is speaking to here are my friends' dads, my parents' neighbors, my mother-in-law, who has worked in the same G.M. factory since she was 16 years old. Joe Biden does not care about their jobs. And that's why the media has to constantly lie about this because the truth that the Democratic Party has abandoned the blue-collar worker is unacceptable and they know it.GALLAGHER: It's interesting too, Lauren, because you have James Carville telling the President Joe Biden that he has got to jump all over Trump right now. He said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: He's clearly going mad and I would - - I would attack right now. I'd spend that money. I will jump all over him because my feeling is when your opponent is drowning the first thing you do is throw him or her an anvil.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Except the polls don't really show that former President Trump is drowning, Lauren. What do you make of that comment?LAUREN WRIGHT, PRINCETON UNIVERSITY POLITICAL SCIENTIST: No, they don't. But this is what any reasonable campaign would do exactly what James Carville is saying. You take a comment, you make an ad and you try to scare people because this is really what Democrats have to run on. They can't run on the issues so they run on people being scared of Trump. But I take this a little bit differently.I didn't even think first of all bloodbath was nearly even the most controversial part of the speech. I was surprised that was the part that got taken and ran with. But Trump does need to be careful because every single message, his task between now and Election Day is look at what he's saying and decide, is this going to do more to alienate swing voters potentially or energize my baits? Because that's the calculation.He needs those Nikki Haley people, they're looking for a reason to vote for him. They don't want to vote for Joe Biden, because of all the reasons Kaylee just said. And so yes, it does have a responsibility to choose his words, assuming that, of course, campaigns in the media will run with them, Trace. Yes.GALLAGHER: But the question becomes, does the campaigns run with them? Does Biden's campaign run them and does it alienate those voters because they're like, you know, we're so tired of all of this taking out of context, all of these hoaxes. CNN's Harry Enten says it's game over for Biden in swing states. Listen to him and I'll get both of your comment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRY ENTEN, CNN HOST: It's simple math at this point. Biden is behind in Arizona. He's behind in Nevada. He's behind in Georgia. He's behind in Michigan, and if that map holds, ballgame over most likely, Donald Trump wins.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Got about 15 seconds left for each of you. Kaylee McGhee White, first to you. I mean, it really is -- he's got his work cut out for him. Speaking of President Biden.WHITE: He does. And, you know, the ploy that they're pulling here with lying about the bloodbath comment is only going to hurt him because it's sort of the boy who cried wolf effect. And that the more that they fear monger and lie about Trump, the less voters care, it's not going to work on them this time.GALLAGHER: Yes. Lauren Wright. Your final comments.WRIGHT: I mean, Trump's ahead, and it's remarkable. Half the country thinks he's an insurrectionist. And he's beating Biden in every single poll and every single swing state. Democrats should be scared of that. But the more he talks about 2020 the more alienated voters there will be. He needs to be concerned with those moderate Republicans, Trace.GALLAGHER: Yes. It's great analysis. Kaylee McGee White, Lauren Wright, thank you both.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT Common Sense department can spot B.S. a mile away and this Trump bloodbath brouhaha is B.S. a mile away. It is a contextual misrepresentation, also known as a lie. And the liberal media knows it. They know the context vindicates the comment but they don't care because it's Trump and when you lie about Trump, whether it's Russian collusion, bounty gate, bleach or bloodbaths it's all fair because it's all Trump.And the lies are simply a new form of saving democracy. Far left commentator Keith Olbermann reposted on X "Trump says he's been treated worse than Abraham Lincoln who was assassinated." Olbermann then added, "there's always the hope." So, Olbermann is hoping Trump is killed and there's no outrage and yet, if Trump hope the same for Oberman, the felony count against him would rise to well over 100.But liberalize are no longer condemned. They're applauded. Remember, Adam Schiff is not a liar. He's a maverick. One far left commentator on MSNBC admitted that Trump's bloodbath comment was not about violence, it was about the auto industry, and then he quickly compared Trump to a well-known Nazi dictator. In other words, yes, Trump was taken out of context. Yes, he still Hitler.Common Sense thinks the left can also spot B.S. a mile away, except their B.S. stands for blowing smoke. Let's talk about the media angle and all of this with Fox News Contributor, Joe Concha. Joe, great to have you on here. I want to play some of the media a little bit of a montage here. Give me -- a give me a kind of a sense of what's going on out there.JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Excellent.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, HOST, MSNBC: A weekend of useless speculation about whether he actually meant real blood, which is kind of beside the point, at this point.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Clearly, Trump was just trying to say, quote, Biden's policies will create an economic bloodbath for the auto industry and auto workers. But no one believes that.JOE SCARBOROUGH, CO-HOST, MORNING JOE, MSNBC: These idiots on cable news, these idiots on Sunday shows: what I hear, what the president (INAUDIBLE) he was talking only about the auto industry, and this is one month just --Sometimes, a bloodbath means a bloodbath.ANA NAVARRO, POLITICAL COMMENTATOR, CNN: We are not taking it out of context, because the context is his history and his life.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I played the last one last, Joe, because that's my favorite comment. The context is his history and his life. It sounds kind of like a Kamala Harris quote there. It just doesn't -- what?CONCHA: Yes, that makes your hair hurt a little bit.For starters, Trace, your COMMONSENSE DEPARTMENT, I'm glad that you use the L-word, and that is, lie. Because this is straight up lying. They are obviously ignoring what Trump had been speaking about for minutes before that, before he talked about a bloodbath, obviously pertaining to the auto industry.I think the Babylon Bee had the best headline in response to this today. And obviously, this is a satirical site, but here it is, "Media reports Trump threatened nuclear war after he says this guacamole is the bomb, and they show him eating actual guacamole.You know, in other words, it would be like him saying something like that. And then, jumping to that conclusion. And the easiest of Google searches, Trace, will show that every major news outlet feigning outrage over Trump, using a metaphor like bloodbath, have all used the same term themselves on numerous occasions when covering political stories.Joe Biden has used that term himself in the past, as did Barack Obama.But in Trump's case, they're obviously ignoring it because there's a narrative to push. And here is my final question, in response to your question, what do the United Auto Workers rank-and-file think?(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.CONCHA: Because they largely agree with the former president on this. And in crucial states like Michigan, those votes can make the difference in deciding the entire election, Trace?GALLAGHER: And I got -- literally, I just about 30 seconds left for you Joe.CONCHA: Sure.GALLAGHER: But I just want to know, does this -- does this really deplete our confidence in both the media and the legal system, all of the stuff we're seeing now?CONCHA: I think it was already well gone, Trace, to this point. Remember, we've had nine years of this sort of bashing against Donald Trump highlighted, obviously by Russia collusion that was pushed for three years.So, the messenger is telling you to think something when you heard something else clearly. So, I don't think this has any impact. I think in the end, it has a boomerang effect that benefits Trump, believe it or not.GALLAGHER: Yes. Joe Concha, great to see you. Thank you for coming on, sir. We appreciate it.CONCHA: You're the bomb, Trace. Thank you.GALLAGHER: But meantime, it sound -- it sounds like the Supreme Court might be willing to allow the government more latitude when it comes to censoring social media, even if the government is censoring accurate information.Today, during oral arguments, one Supreme Court justice worried about the First Amendment hamstringing the federal government. Jeff Paul is live with more on which way the court might be leaning. Jeff, good evening.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: And good evening, Trace. And really, this case boils down to controversial social media posts, and at what lengths the federal government can take to clamp down on them? This all, surrounds posts online dealing with both the pandemic and our elections.The Supreme Court listened to nearly two hours of testimony from lawyers representing Louisiana, Missouri and other parties.They are accusing the Biden administration of pressuring social media companies to essentially silence views they don't like. Namely, conservative opinions.The GOP-led states believe it led to censoring free speech on subjects like the origins of COVID-19 the effectiveness of face mask, and Hunter Biden's laptop.While lower courts have sided with the states, several Supreme Court justices appeared skeptical of the arguments. Both justices Brett Kavanaugh and Elena Kagan asserted it's commonplace to have dialogue between administrations and news outlets going as far as calling the conversations valuable, just as long as it doesn't turn threatening.Other justices like Ketanji Brown Jackson and Chief Justice John Roberts had this to say.JUDGE KETANJI BROWN JACKSON, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE, SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES: Your view has the First Amendment hamstringing the government in significant ways in the most important time periods.The government actually has a duty to take steps to protect the citizens of this country.JOHN G. ROBERTS, CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT: And the government is not monolithic, either. You can't just sort of pick and choose which part of the government you're concerned about.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: A similar case dealing with free speech, government and social media was heard last month, it dealt with both Florida and Texas passing laws that stopped social media companies from taking down posts based on the views they expressed. We are expecting some sort of decision in both of these cases, Trace, this summer.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's worth waiting for, Jeff. Thank you.Let's bring in independent Women's Forum senior legal fellow, former Trump White House attorney May Mailman. May. It's great to have you on. I mean, you just heard Ketanji Brown Jackson there. She is worried the government won't have enough power to shut down dissent.I mean, that's kind of what my takeaway is of this. What did you think about the oral arguments today, May?MAY MAILMAN, FORMER TRUMP WHITE HOUSE ATTORNEY: Yes. It was a little bit upsetting. I wonder whether Justice Jackson is aware that the First Amendment is designed to hamstring the government from censoring speech.And I think one of the things that's most offensive about the arguments is it seems like we forgot what this case was really about. This isn't about the government having a conversation with Twitter, about removing child pornography or something like that.This is about the Biden administration targeting conservatives, which it does not only on social media, but it has done through its prosecution resources and everything else. This was not about taking down misinformation, this was about taking down criticism of the Biden administration.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.MAILMAN: And things that the Biden administration doesn't believe are true, even though they were true.GALLAGHER: Yes. And it's interesting, because I was listening to John Roberts, you know, kind of going back and forth with some of the lawyers there. And I think I just didn't hear that we are really conservatives have been targeted again and again, the Federalist writes the following, quoting here:"Federal government claims once-in-a-lifetime pandemic' excuses First Amendment violations: And attorney arguing in favor of government censorship at the Supreme Court Monday, claimed federal emergencies excused First Amendment violations."And I mean, May, from shutting down schools, to firing people who did not take the vaccine, they made so many mistakes. And now, we are saying, you know what, we just need to give the government the power to make those mistakes.MAILMAN: Yes, the founding fathers did not give the executive branch an emergency authority. So that you can just say, emergency, and then do whatever you want? They created a Bill of Rights; they created the rest of our Constitution that constrains what the government can do. And I think we seem to have lost sight of that.That said, you know, the, the federal government does have authority when it really, really needs to, in sort of national security situations to shut down speech. But for somebody to say, I think that the virus came from China, and for -- you know, the federal government to contact Twitter and say, I need you to take down these things ASAP. And that for Joe Biden to say, you guys are killing people -- you, social media companies are killing people.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.MAILMAN: That doesn't fall within that very narrow national security necessity exception.GALLAGHER: Yes. I just never heard when is it that the government all of a sudden got the power to dictate what social media companies actually put there.May Mailmen, great to have you on as always. Thank you.Well, dozens of Americans evacuated from Haiti over the weekend. And the state department says the number of U.S. citizens looking to get out is now approaching a thousand, as violent gangs increase their chokehold on the country.Jackie Ibanez is live with latest images and new information coming out of Haiti.Jackie, good evening.JACKIE IBANEZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL BREAKING NEWS ANCHOR: Good evening, Trace. An increasingly dire situation in Haiti has led to an increasing number of Americans, asking the U.S. government for help.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JAKE SULLIVAN, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: My understanding is that more than a thousand of Americans have been in touch with the embassy to seek more information.IBANEZ (voice over): Now, that's a huge uptick from just last week, when the state department said only a few several 100 Americans in Haiti reached out due to the violence and civil unrest. And with descriptions like this, it's no surprise people want to leave. Listen.CATHERINE RUSSELL, DIRECTOR, UNICEF: Many, many people there are suffering from serious hunger and malnutrition and we're not able to get enough aid to them. It's a -- it's almost like -- it's like a scene out of Mad Max. Honestly, that's what it seems like. Gangs, vigilantes responding to the gangs.IBANEZ (voice over): And another about face, U.S. officials say they are now helping Americans evacuate. The Biden administration evacuated at least 30 plus Americans via a charter flight over the weekend, and says it hopes to rescue more in coming days.According to one Florida sheriff, the federal government is less helpful when it comes to keeping Haitian migrants from coming here in masses.RICK RAMSAY, SHERIFF, MONROE COUNTY, FLORIDA: We're worried about -- are these people coming just looking for a better way of life or with all the volatility? Are these criminals? Are these emptied off prisons? Are these gang members? What's the potential threat risk to the citizens here and also in the State of Florida.(END VIDEOTAPE)IBANEZ: The administration is reportedly looking at using Guantanamo Bay to process migrants in case of a mass exodus from Haiti.Right now, a state department official says irregular migration from the Caribbean is still very low. Trace, back to you.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's getting bad. Jackie Ibanez, live for us in New York. Jackie, thank you.Let's bring in somebody who was on the ground in Haiti, helping Americans evacuate, Project Dynamo CEO Brian Stern. Brian, I know you're now in the Dominican Republic, just off of Haiti. We see the pictures, we hear about these violent stories, but we don't know anybody who just left there. Tell us what it's like, give us kind of a sense of what you were going through over the past days and weeks.BRYAN STERN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PROJECT DYNAMO: Yes, the -- like everything else, the pictures don't do justice.The situation is that, you know, Haiti is essentially in a state of civil war. Nobody really wants to call it that. But that's essentially what it is. The gangs are doing what gangs do, which is caused lots of problems. They're very violent, they are -- they are operating in their own interest and lots of anarchy.The Haitian government is doing what whatever it can do. But it is -- but it is tough. And people are dying, people are getting -- it's -- it is -- it is truly lawless at this time.GALLAGHER: Did you feel at risk, Bryan, when you were there? I know that you know, the island. What -- did you feel at risk? Is that why you left? Or will you go back and help others?STERN: Though we're -- my team and I are here. My team and I are here conducting operations. We have operations ongoing, we got people out. We've been getting people out, and setting conditions to get more people out.There is lots and lots and lots of people asking us for help. We're -- we are a nonprofit. We're entirely donor funded. We don't get any help from the government at all. So, we're raising money, and flying helicopters. We're on boats, planes, all kinds of stuff trying to get American citizens to safety.GALLAGHER: Yes. I wonder you said, Civil War, Bryan. I'm wondering what you think the solution might be? I mean, is there -- is there a fix to be able to -- is there a way to solve this? Is there diplomacy? Does it need military from other countries? What's at stake here?STERN: I think some sort of force is going to be required. At some point, that the gang members aren't going to, you know, put down their guns and go get government jobs anytime soon.So, at some point, some -- you know, people call a peacekeeping force, the U.N. or somebody is going to have to come in and try and bring stability. Right now, it's incredibly unstable, Haiti is -- Haiti is in a lot of problems for a very long time.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes, yes.STERN: And this is just kind of the water boiling over.But at the end of the day, the only way to get a to get a group of guys with guns to put their guns down are other guys with guns on more high ground, it seems so.GALLAGHER: Yes. And I got to go. I just want to know the Americans that are over there, maybe 1,000 of them. Are they at risk right now, in your estimation?STERN: Absolutely. Every American that stuck in Haiti is absolutely at risk. No matter where they are. There is people on the isolated side of the island, and there is people that are stuck surrounded by kids with built-in machine guns.GALLAGHER: Yes.STERN: So, it is incredibly dangerous. It's very scary.GALLAGHER: Bryan Stern, thank you for coming on. Best of luck to you and your team. We'd like to check back in with you if we could in the days and weeks to come to find out how things are going. Thank you, sir.And coming up, we have an update on the death of an Oklahoma high school student who identified as non-binary. Some say the student was bullied and beaten to death.The state Medical Examiner's Office says the cause of death was suicide. The state superintendent joins us live next.And later in the "NIGHTCAP", one parents video goes viral asking if you should charge your kids for rent for living at home after graduating?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, June the first, your rents move if you're going to continue to live here.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: What do you think? Should you charge your kids rent if they've already graduated? Let us know ex and Instagram, @tracegallagher. We'll read the best responses.In the "NIGHTCAP," we are coming right back with the superintendent of the Oklahoma School District.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "REAL NEWS ROUNDUP", activist in Chicago with a new twist on the fight for reparations, new billboards asking both the city of Chicago and Cook County to waive property taxes for descendants of slaves in Chicago, saying that slavery took away the opportunity for black people to create generational wealth.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FARRAH WALKER, RECONSTRUCTION ERA REPARATIONS: What about black Chicagoans? We know historically, not just in our state, and in our city of Chicago, that taxes have had a lot of the tax code and tax laws have not been very just when it comes to black folks.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: A small business owner in Texas sued China in Federal Court, arguing his business took a financial hit during COVID, which he argues began in the Wuhan lab.China is fighting the subpoena saying that as a sovereign foreign government it cannot be sued in U.S. federal courts.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAITLYN JENNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Trans women are competing against women, taking valuable opportunities for the long-protected class under Title IX and causing physical harm.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Well, former Olympic gold medalist and friend of the show Caitlyn Jenner is speaking out in support of a New York County ban that says female sports teams with transgender athletes cannot use county owned facilities.Jenner said women's sports will be ruined if transgender athletes like herself are allowed to compete against biological women.Well, the Department of Education is set to open an investigation into the death of an Oklahoma high school student who identified as non-binary. Student died a day after a fight inside a school bathroom. But the medical examiner says the cause of death was suicide.Jeff Paul back live with those details. Jeff.PAUL: Yes. Good evening, Trace, we are awaiting a complete report from the state medical examiner regarding the death of Nex Benedict. Preliminary findings ruled the teens death as a suicide. Benedict died one day after a fight happened inside a bathroom at the Oklahoma high school they attended.Well, police investigate. The 16-year-old family has said they were bullied at school because they identified as non-binary. Attorneys for the family released a statement, emphasizing there was, in fact, physical trauma.Saying, "The Benedicts want to ensure other pertinent portions of the report are not overshadowed by the classification of Nex's death. White House press secretary, Karine Jean-Pierre had this to say shortly after the preliminary autopsy report was released.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Every young person deserves to have the fundamental right and freedom to be who they are and feel safe and supported at school and in their communities. Bullying is completely unacceptable and it is on all of us to take reports of bullying seriously.(END VIDEO CLIP)FINN: We should have a complete report on the teen's death in less than 10 days, due out on March 27th, Trace.GALLAGHER: Jeff, thank you. Let's bring in Oklahoma State Superintendent, Ryan Walters. Superintendent, great to have you on here. Nex Benedict got into a fight inside a school bathroom, died the next day. The medical examiner says this was suicide. You say that LGBTQ groups are pushing a false narrative. Explain what you mean by that, sir.RYAN WALTERS, OKLAHOMA STATE SUPERINTENDENT: Yes, sir. Since the beginning, Trace, we saw these groups lie and say that this student died because of a fight in the bathroom. That's not true. We also heard them lie and say that this student was bullied into this situation. That's turned out not to be true. We've heard President Biden, we've heard his Press Secretary, we've heard Kamala Harris lie about this. It is a tragedy.But we did not see a student be bullied and attacked and killed in a bathroom. That's simply not what happened. The left and these LGBTQ groups are lying about it to gain politically by attacking me, by attacking Oklahoma, by attacking conservative principles. And we're not going to stand for it. We want all students to be safe in Oklahoma, but we will not lie about gender ideology to kids. We're going to continue to affirm truth.GALLAGHER: You mentioned about attacking you and several groups have gone after you including the Oklahoman writing this, quoting here: "Ryan Walters' response to Next Benedict's death only causes more pain for Oklahoma's LGBTQ-plus families. Nex's suicide should be a sobering warning to Walters and all those in authority who are passing laws to create policies that strip protections from LGBTQ-plus community, you are perpetrating conditions for what the CDC says is a serious public health problem." And how would you respond to that, sir?WALTERS: The media should be ashamed of themselves. The woke-lahoman in there is again perpetuating a lie. We have emphasized student safety. We want all of our students to be safe. This is not an instance where a kid was killed in a school. They are lying about it. They are pushing an LGBTQ- plus agenda to demonize conservatives. They want to attack me, politically. They want to attack conservative ideas. They want to attack conservative principles which state the truth. There's boys, and there's girls. We're going to continue to focus in schools on academics and safety. We will not affirm their lies. We will not affirm gender ideology and our local papers are completely left-wing rags that are going to continue to lie about this in order to attack me.GALLAGHER: And speaking of the papers, this is national, but Salon wrote the following here: "Adult MAGA rage is making schools more dangerous for students." I've read so many stories about this. I've heard nothing about MAGA rage having anything to do with the case that we are talking about tonight. It really is, it's kind of frustrating when you think that's all they do is they point a finger at MAGA and say, oh, it's assaulting democracy, and it's assaulting these groups.WALTERS: That's right. Look, here, here's the reality. This is an attack on President Trump. It's an attack on all President Trump supporters. This is what the left will stoop to any means to attack conservative Americans, President Trump won't back down from a woke mob. I will never back down to a woke mob. They have sent death threats to me and my family. It's never going to stop me fighting for kids, fighting for truth and making sure that these radical left-wing groups don't dominate our schools by attacking us with their ideology.GALLAGHER: Superintendent, thank you for coming on, sir. We appreciate it.WALTERS: Thank you for having me.GALLAGHER: And coming up, why more people are turning to films about faith. A faith leader and a filmmaker join us live after this. These movies are getting like 90-plus percent on Rotten Tomatoes. Meantime, a race car driver brings politics to the big race. And a moment of community on New York City streets. Today's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are coming up. But first, live look at Dallas, Texas, the birthplace of 7-Eleven, first opened back in 1927. We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, new tonight, the Supreme Court has extended the block on Texas law enforcement from arresting suspected illegal immigrants pending further review. Meantime, Fox News cameras continue to capture large groups of migrants pouring through breaches in the border wall. This video showing more than a hundred people doing just that. It's in Lukeville, Arizona. The senior national correspondent, Kevin Corke, back live with us with more on the crisis. Kevin.CORKE: Crisis indeed, Trace. It is a decision that people are talking about tonight. We're talking about what the high court said. They said that a stay of a request from the Biden administration would be extended pending further review. Now, what that means is, no, Texas can't do what it wants to do right now. Texas's A.G. said the state's law actually mirrored federal law, and was put in place to compensate for the Biden administration's inadequate response at the southern border. The administration conversely sued to strike down the measure arguing that it would usurp the core federal authority on immigration to say nothing of hurting international relations and creating chaos in administering immigration law.This as Fox cameras continue to capture large groups of a hundred-plus people pouring through breaches at the border wall like here in Lukeville, Arizona where the Democratic governor of that state, Katie Hobbs, is blocking state Republican efforts to crack down on the flood of illegal immigration happening in the state which now regularly sees some of the highest daily numbers of encounters along our southern border.Meantime, sources with DHS, that's Homeland Security, and the Border Patrol tell Fox News tonight that an illegal migrant caught at the border claimed to be a Hezbollah terrorist and who was apparently intent on building a bomb, according to our sources. Now they also tell us that further investigation will determine if this is actually a real deal, but nevertheless, it underscores the real possible danger happening on our southern border, Trace.GALLAGHER: Indeed. Kevin Corke, live first again in D.C. Kevin, thank you. Now to the world of both religion and entertainment, where faith-based films and television shows continue to defy mainstream expectations and attract huge audiences that can't seem to get enough of the religious content. Let's bring in 40 Days for Life founder, Shawn Carney; and the producer of the new movie "Cabrini", Leo Severino. Gentlemen, welcome to you. I want to play a clip of this, Leo, and then you can give us kind of a quick explainer of what it's about. Watch.LEO SEVERINO, PRODUCER: Sure.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If I made you the first woman ever to lead an overseas mission, the whole world would look to you as proof of what woman can or cannot accomplish.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: To build an empire of hope, my sisters, it seems we must first conquer New York.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: What's the quick description of this, Leo?SEVERINO: Oh, it's a story about this incredible woman, this nun who came at the turn of the 1900s of U.S. changed the face of New York going to the most poor, impoverished violent areas establishing orphanages schools hospitals throughout the U.S., change the world, save thousands of people inspired Mother Theresa and no one knows her name. That's the short pitch for the story.GALLAGHER: Yes, it sounds fantastic. The reception has been absolutely fantastic. I want to put this up here because Deseret News writes the following here, and I'll go to you, Shawn. "Cabrini and other faith- centered films and theaters like Ordinary Angels are attracting audiences in mass. Both movies sit among top box office earners this month." And all of a sudden getting 90 percent-plus from Rotten Tomatoes, Shawn, what's the good, what are we missing? I mean, there is this appetite for faith-based movies in the past year and a half that I've never seen.SHAWN CARNEY, FOUNDER, 40 DAYS FOR LIFE: Yes, apparently, we want good news, we need good news as the country. And the movies are well done, they're well shot, they produced and directed a beautiful movie, all the actors and actresses are fantastic, and it's just positive, it's positive, it's a great story of a heroic woman. And everybody needs to go see it. And I think that we don't need to be embarrassed that we know and believe that God is good, and He wants the best for us.GALLAGHER: Yes, Leo, when you were producing this film, did you know this was going to be a hit? Did you know? Did you hear from your friends and family and audiences that this is what they want?SEVERINO: No, just like, I mean, we figured, but just like with "Sound of Freedom", we just thought this is a film that needed to be made because there's so much darkness out there. We wanted to shine light, just like Shawn's good work that he's been doing, Trace, just like your work that you're doing. We just felt it was something that we had to do. And thankfully, we had Angel Studios behind us, and they really know how to, how to get this film out there, and how to reach audiences. And in fact, this film had to go through their guild, which is audience members themselves, voting on whether the film should get distribution. So, you know, we knew that audiences respond to this because, you know, the law is written in our hearts and people like Shawn said, they want goodness and hope and positivity and be uplifted when we go to get entertained.GALLAGHER: Yes. When Leo says they want goodness, they want hope and that audiences really want this kind of thing, do you believe, Shawn, that audiences have been underserved in this genre?CARNEY: Yes, I mean movies have been terrible. And you know, the irony is this is the first canonized saint, OK, from America. And it's coming at a time, this movie, it was perfect timing, it's coming at a time where we see a real hatred in our country of religion. We see what's going on with the Jews, we see are insane and compromised DOJ coming after Catholics, coming after pro-life Americans, and other Christians. The timing is great -- we're celebrating our Christian heritage in our country instead of trying to hide from it or silence it.GALLAGHER: I've got about 15 seconds left for you, Leo. Give me what we need to take away from "Cabrini". What's the message?SEVERINO: The message, she had this line: "you can either serve your weakness or your purpose -- you can't serve both," and she had so many obstacles in her life that she overcame that it's truly inspiring and that's the message we're hoping that audiences leave when it comes to this film.GALLAGHER: Yes, Leo Severino, Shawn Carney, we appreciate both of your time. Thank you for coming on, sir. Sirs.SEVERINO: Thank you, Trace. Thank you, Shawn.GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", off-road race car driver, Ryan Arciero, stirred up some dust in some comments when he showed up to the Mint 400 competition with Trump 2024 painted across his truck. The 400- mile-long race was held in the Nevada desert near Las Vegas. Arciero battled to the top five after some significant mechanical issues mid-race. You can check out more on Arciero's Instagram. That is a tough truck.Meantime, rescuers carried an injured man more than a mile over rough terrain after he hurt his ankle while hiking near Los Angeles. They used a special wheel litter to get him back to civilization. Look.Crowd at the St. Patrick's Day parade in New York joined together to sing happy birthday to a firefighter's young daughter. One onlooker said the moment of togetherness reminded them of what really matters. And of course, I'm a day late and a dollar short, but you have to represent a little bit of green day after St. Patrick's Day.If you have a viral video to share, share it with us @TraceGallagher or @FoxNewsNight on social media. Meantime, coming up, should you charge your kids rent if they want to keep living at home after they graduate? These parents going viral on TikTok after asking the very same question.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, June the 1st, your rent's due if you're going to continue to live here.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: What do you think? Let us know, X and Instagram, @TraceGallagher. We will read the best responses coming up in the "NIGHTCAP".(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Jackie Ibanez, Jeff Paul, May Mailman, Kaylee McGhee-White. Tonight's topic, paying up. These parents went viral when they asked the Internet if they should charge their kid rent. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You all tell us; do you make your graduated high school student pay rent in your house?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I told her, and I have been telling her for the last couple of months, that hey, June the 1st, your rent's due if you're going to continue to live here.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Ah, so what do you do? What do you think if your kids have graduated high school or college and they're all done with school, living at home, should you charge them rent? Jackie Ibanez to you first.IBANEZ: What do you think I'm going to say? Absolutely, yes. I would charge them now if I could. They eat me at a house and home, got to get two jobs. So, yes, I would. I think it's good for them.GALLAGHER: Jackie's a pale little rat, you know, but listen, have a little skin in the game, right? That's what they're saying. Kaylee McGhee-White.IBANEZ: Exactly.GALLAGHER: You charge those kids when they're graduating?WHITE: You know, this is a good question for my parents, because I have a younger sister who's still living at home. No offense to my beloved family, but I think it depends on the kid. I think that if there's a legitimate reason for them to be at home, whether they're at school or they're in between phases of life, then maybe it's OK. But if they're just freeloading off of mom and dad, time to collect rent.GALLAGHER: Oh, Jeff Paul, what do you think on this?PAUL: Yes, I really think it depends on what they're doing with their time. If they're going back to school or they're in an intense program and they can't work and pay, I think I would maybe go easy on them. But I think they should contribute something, groceries, do something, fill up the gas tanks, something to show that they are an adult now. It's a good first step.GALLAGHER: I hear you. May Mailman.MAILMAN: So, maybe this is a little harsh, but if you are a parent that has raised a dependent child, that's not your child's fault, that's your fault as a parent. Don't push it onto your child. You should charge yourself rent.GALLAGHER: Yes, I suck as a parent, Jeff. I guess what they're telling me. But I have a 23-year-old who's home, and I just, are you kidding me? I'm just going to cry the day that she leaves. I would just never be -- I really am. But she worked all the way through college. She paid for half that stuff, so I kind of owe her. Kevin Corke, what are your thoughts?CORKE: I had to pay rent when I graduated from college, but I've changed my mind on this. As long as they're working, you keep your money, set yourself up, save some cash, I would not charge.GALLAGHER: Should you charge after your child graduates? Yes, 80 percent. Instagram, yes, 60 percent.Al, "Yes, I think it's fine to charge rent after graduation. Nice intro to the real world."Matthew Price, "I think paying rent or doing chores around the home was OK. I was given this option at 24."Johnny Mullins, "If you make it too easy on them, they'll never do it themselves."Dana Skaggs, "A nominal charge that teaches them responsibility is not a bad thing."Thank you all. And thank you for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.