BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: President Biden talk about the campaign as well. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVRs, 6 PM in the East, 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle with Laura starts now.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro in for Laura Ingraham, and this is a special edition of The Ingraham Angle. Breaking tonight, breaking late tonight, Oversight Chair James Comer says he's inviting President Biden to testify before the committee about his family's business dealings. That same committee today held a hearing that his son Hunter Biden begged for. Remember how he said he wanted to clear his name in public? Well, in true Hunter fashion, he did not keep his commitment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TONY BOBULINKSI, FORMER HUNTER BIDEN'S BUSINESS PARTNER: Should I allow Hunter to give his opening statement first.REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Well, it doesn't appear Mr. Biden showed up for his public hearing. So, we'll recognize you, Mr. Bobulinski.BOBULINSKI: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Hunter isn't just a crook. He's also a coward. Look, maybe he realized everyone would see right through his lies and maybe he realized this would be detrimental to his father's reelection campaign, or maybe Hunter wouldn't be able to defend his position that his father knew nothing about his business dealings given his own laptop and the circumstantial evidence contained therein. Not to mention his former business partners testimonies.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BOBULINSKI: I want to be crystal clear. From my direct personal experience and what I've subsequently come to learn, it is clear to me that Joe Biden was the brand being sold by the Biden family. Joe Biden was more than a participant in a beneficiary of his family's business. He was an active aware enabler who met with business associates such as myself to further the business despite being buffered by a complex scheme to maintain plausible deniability.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. Galanis, you said, at the beginning that Hunter didn't really provide any sort of intellectual propriety asset value or anything of the sort that his entire value was the brand. Is that correct? How did you state that?JASON GALANIS, FORMER HUNTER BIDEN'S BUSINESS PARTNER: We didn't rely on him for any work product other than delivering the Biden lift.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: The Biden lift, something Americans aren't familiar with since Joe's Bidenomics has driven our economy into the ground, but his family's pockets apparently kept getting bigger with each shell company deposit. Remember the infamous 10 held by H for the Big Guy email? Hunter denied knowing what any of it meant and who the Big Guy was.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Mr. Bobulinski, who's the Big Guy?BOBULINSKI: Joe Biden.JORDAN: You're sure? You're sure?BOBULINSKI: I'm a 1000 percent sure and there is other text messages that back that up.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But of course, that wasn't enough for Democrats who wanted to completely ignore the testimony being presented.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): Did you witness the President commit a crime? Is it your testimony today?BOBULINSKI: Yes.OCASIO-CORTEZ: And what crime? Do you have you witness --BOBULINSKI: How much time do I have to go through?OCASIO-CORTEZ: It is --BOBULINSKI: Corruption statutes, RICO and conspiracy --OCASIO-CORTEZ: What is it --BOBULINSKI: FARA.OCASIO-CORTEZ: What is the crime, sir? Specifically.BOBULINSKI: You keep up -- you ask me to answer the question. I answered the question. RICO, you're obviously not familiar with corruption statutes --OCASIO-CORTEZ: Excuse me, sir. Excuse me, sir.BOBULINSKI: FARA.OCASIO-CORTEZ: Excuse me, sir. Excuse me, sir. RICO is not a crime. It is a category. What is the --BOBULINSKI: It's the category of crimes that you're then charged --OCASIO-CORTEZ: You have charges --BOBULINSKI: A long 100 --OCASIO-CORTEZ: You have charges. Sir, please name--BOBULINSKI: You want me to name the exact statute under RICO --OCASIO-CORTEZ: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Joining us now is Congressman Mike Waltz of the House Oversight Committee. All right, Congressman, welcome. Oversight Committee Chair Comer is now calling on Joe Biden to testify before the committee. One, what are the odds he shows up. And two, Mike, what is the first question you would ask him?REP. MIKE WALTZ (R-FL): Well, look, I mean, there is the question we've been asking of every one of these witnesses. What was the product? What was the service? What were 27 shell companies established across your entire family, while you were a vice president charged with Obama for having policy oversight of China and Ukraine, of all countries that you are selling because I think what we have uncovered here and this is bank records, text messages, emails, multiple witness testimony of people with direct knowledge and Judge you know how important that is.That what he was selling was America. And the -- we've talked about the Ukraine pieces, the Burisma, the dinners he attended as vice president, Russian oligarchs, money transferred, Kazakh oligarchs, money transferred. But the piece I focused on today, Judge, was China and the Chinese Communist Party, because Chinese state-owned enterprises especially CEFC and its chairman, who was a direct associate of the chairman of the Chinese Communist Party, Xi has a long history of bribing officials, and they call it going after the princelings, the sons of officials to get to key policymakers.PIRRO: Well --WALTZ: And in fact, don't even take it from us. That Chairman Ye Jianming was since disappeared, but many of his associates were prosecuted in the Southern District of New York for doing exactly that. And we saw that exact pattern --PIRRO: Interesting.WALTZ: -- unfold with Hunter Biden to his father.PIRRO: And -- but the amazing thing is they denied, they got money from China. But right now, I'm going to pass it over. Congressman, your colleague today, Dan Goldman tried to make a point today on the Big Guy email, but it backfired. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. DAN GOLDMAN (D-NY): Did anyone ever respond to that email?BOBULINSKI: Yes, they did numerous times.GOLDMAN: Sorry --BOBULINSKI: Hunter Biden himself did.GOLDMAN: Excuse me. You're right.BOBULINSKI: Well, no -- I think that's important because Hunter Biden has claimed that he didn't respond to it, and he responded to it.GOLDMAN: OK. You're just going to filibuster. I reclaim my time that's running out. But I will say no one responded to the Big Guy reference for 10.BOBULINSKI: Thank you for making my point. They didn't have to respond --GOLDMAN: Right.BOBULINSKI: Because they all knew the Big Guy was Joe Biden.GOLDMAN: Sir, I reclaim my time.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Congressman, why did they keep claiming the Big Guy isn't Joe Biden?WALTZ: Well, because I mean, look, they're trying to carry his water. And they're complicit in covering up. I think, was one of the largest and most serious corruption scandals in our history. But this isn't a corruption scandal with the mafia or some corporation. This is with our greatest adversary that fully intends to defeat us and has a long history through its Belt and Road Initiative of doing exactly what it's done through the Biden family.And we've got the receipts and in terms of crimes since AOC doesn't know what RICO and other crimes are --PIRRO: Amazing.WALTZ: -- Foreign Agents Registration Act.PIRRO: Yes.WALTZ: Hunter was clearly acting as a foreign agent; his dad was complicit. They had commingled funds, and you can't take foreign money into a relative, and then they pay all your bills, whether it is Menendez and his wife, or Joe Biden and Hunter Biden. It's illegal.PIRRO: All right.WALTZ: And we need -- I expect to see referrals for full prosecution, not that this DOJ would do it, but we have got to do it --PIRRO: Yes, to make the referral --WALTZ: -- we owe that to the American people.PIRRO: All right, Congressman Mike Waltz, thanks so much for joining us. And joining us now is Mike Davis, former clerk for Justice Gorsuch and President and Founder of the Article III Project and Sol Wisenberg, former Deputy Independent Counsel and a Fox News Contributor.You know, Mike, there was one moment during today's hearing that stood out. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GALANIS: We're coping with Hunter Biden and Devon Archer at the peninsula bar in New York, where Hunter took a call from his father and told him things are going well with Henry's Zhao and (inaudible), and that he might need a little help getting across the finish line.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Mike, what do you glean from that?MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: Well, I think what this testimony today shows is there is clear evidence that Joe Biden lied to the American people and Hunter Biden lied under oath when they both said that Joe Biden was not involved in any of Hunter's business dealings. That is -- there is clear evidence to the contrary with Tony Bobulinski and this Jason Galanis, it's very clear that Joe Biden was very aware of these foreign business dealings --PIRRO: All right, let's take a listen. Let's take a listen to what happened a few years ago, when Joe Biden was asked about this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I've never spoken to my son about his overseas business dealings. I have never discussed with my son or my brother or anyone else in the having to do with their businesses. Period. There is zero, zero, zero, zero evidence of any assertion being made.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, Sol, I'll go to you on this. The zero, zero, zero evidence and the evolving story. And now we've got the bank records and the shell companies. What do you make of this?SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, there's nothing to make of it other than that the President has repeatedly lied about this. And we've known it for quite a while. And apparently that doesn't bother him. He shamelessly does it across a variety of topics. What I thought was interesting today was that Bobulinski, I thought was a very powerful witness. He's obviously been waiting to testify for a long time.His testimony was raw and angry, and I thought it made it more powerful. And unlike some of the other people testifying, he doesn't have anything he can really be impeached with in terms of his background. He's a real patriot. So, I thought they were very worried about it, and you saw that in their efforts -- in their answers to Democrats and their questions to shift the topic, and particularly pathetic was AOC, who doesn't even know that RICO is not a category, RICO is a criminal statute 18 USC 1962. You can look it up.PIRRO: Thank you, Sol. Thank you. You know, Mike, it really is amazing because Bobulinski came out and said, Hunter lied. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BOBULINSKI: Here's just one egregious example of Hunter's perjury. He lied to the committee on important details concerning his money demands and threats to CEFC and text messages on July 30th, and 31st, 2017. He leveraged his father's presence next to him in that infamous text, to strongarm CEFC to paying Hunter immediately.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, Mike, if Hunter Biden lied in his testimony, what does that mean for him?DAVIS: Well, it means he should face perjury charges. But we have the Biden Justice Department who -- that's gone out of its way for years to go after Trump, his top aides, his lawyers, his January 6th supporters, parents and Christians while they've given amnesty to Joe Biden, Hunter Biden, James Biden, the corrupt Biden family and their political allies. We have a politicized and weaponized justice system. And that's not going to change until President Trump is back in office on January 20th, 2025.PIRRO: And you know Sol, it's amazing though one individual who testified earlier who was a partner, Jason Galanis of Hunter Biden, I mean, he had nothing to gain. We all know that a witness as you look at who's got something to gain, who's got something to lose, this guy is in jail. It's not like the Biden Department of Justice is going to do him any favors. He came right out and said he was a partner and Joe Biden knew about it.WISENBERG: Right, of course, in any criminal trial, however, he would be impeachable, precisely because he is in prison. And they don't have that with Bobulinski. I think that's very -- I think that's an important point. And I think that I looked at the transcript of Hunter Biden's testimony, and I think he was -- he was very, very careful. He might have been literally truthful in some of his answers, because he had a good attorney there with them.And that's precisely why he didn't want to appear today. He didn't want to appear in a face off that he couldn't control. He always wants to be in a tightly controlled environment. But I certainly agree with what Mike says there's no way this Justice Department would ever bring charges against him.PIRRO: And that's the sad part. MWISENBERG: For this.PIRRO: Mike and Sol, thanks so much for being with us tonight. And Donald Trump unleashes on Letitia James over her plans to take Trump Tower. What the former President just said, plus just how dangerous is TikTok. Senator Josh Hawley got a closed-door Intel briefing and is here with the details, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This filing from the Attorney General's Office is basically saying too bad, so sad. A.G. would be willing to let the court basically hold some of his property in escrow essentially hand over the keys to your buildings or your plane perhaps.KAITLAN COLLINS, CNN HOST: Panic mode, I'm told is setting in. Trump himself has become increasingly concerned about the optics that that March 25th deadline can bring given he is someone who has long tied his identity to his wealth.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: The Left loves watching their lawfare in action. And today, New York Attorney General told an Appeals Court to ignore Donald Trump's claim that it's impossible to find an insurance company to back as nearly half a billion dollar bond. In a new court filing, the Attorney General's office said, quote, the use of real estate is collateral for an appeal bond is hardly impossible as a general matter, close quote. If Trump does not post bond by Monday, Letitia James could start the process of seizing his properties.Joining me now is David Schoen, former Trump Impeachment Lawyer. You know, David, I have to ask you this. Where does the Attorney General get off saying that it's not accurate that he can't get a bond? First of all, are you familiar with any private company in a state case like this being able to get a bond for a half a billion dollars, because even though it was 454 million, it's 120 percent of the judgment, which is a half a billion dollars?DAVID SCHOEN, FORMER TRUMP IMPEACHMENT LAWYER: Yes, absolutely not. I mean, the Attorney General is divorced from reality here. You can be sure President Trump is trying to get a bond, you can be sure he has the context that could get one if it were possible. These insurance companies just won't do it. There's too much at risk, but it's outrageous that one is required in this case.Understand this, under CPLR 5519, as you know, Judge, if this was a state appealing, they wouldn't need to put up any bond at all. So, it's an outrageous situation.PIRRO: Well, look, this is -- I mean, time is of the essence you know that. Do you think that the -- can the federal court step in on the Eighth Amendment excessive fines?SCHOEN: I think it would be difficult for the federal court to do based on younger abstention. They're not going to probably interfere with a state court proceeding, but he's still got the New York Court of Appeals and so on and I have to think the public certainly wants the issues in this case to be heard.Remember, besides the excessive fines issues, he was denied the right to a jury trial. And the case that says you don't get a jury trial comes out of that county and it says that's because the -- there's no punitive damages. It's a regulatory statute, in this case, it's punitive. He should have had the right to a jury trial.PIRRO: Well, it's not only punitive. I mean, they got numbers out of the air. I mean, there is nothing that connects it to reality and no victim. I mean, you've got a fraud case, with no fraud, no victim and everybody made money. But in the end, if she were to go to court and start the mechanism to seize the properties, she's not limited to New York, we know she can go to Florida as well. How does that -- how does that work? I mean, she just goes in and says, I'm the new landlord, how does it work?SCHOEN: No, she's going to have to use proper court procedures. And that's going to drag on for a while also, who needs that kind of subsidiary litigation? It's absurd. The interest -- the issues in this case are matters of public interest, the court should waive a bond altogether, find that they're likely to succeed on the merits, there's irreparable harm and the equity is balanced together, say, let's go forward with the appeal or the case on the merits.PIRRO: What's the harm? All right, let me ask you this, because I love this case in Georgia. Now, Fani -- the judge in the Fani Willis case where they've got rid of the lover but not Fani, basically, the judge says, I'm going to allow an interlocutory appeal, you can take this appeal up normally to the Georgia appellate court, it normally takes 45 days, the judge signaling that before it goes to trial suggest to me that maybe he wasn't too sure about his own decision. What say you?SCHOEN: Well, this judge has done a terrific job so far, I think. He's a real straight arrow. And what he said is, the issues in this case, especially regarding Ms. Willis, are so important that it's appropriate for the court to hear it by way of interlocutory appeal.However, he said, he's going to go forward and consider the other pretrial motions and so on. He's not going to wait for a decision with respect to that. But listen, from what we saw on Ms. Willis and her testimony, they might well be better off keeping around the case.PIRRO: Well, you know, what's it -- well, I think they should have kept Wade on the case, the way that guy was sweating bullets when he was on the stand, you can tell he's never been in a courtroom before. But one of the problems is, and you've got the Georgia Senate investigating her and another agency investigating her. I was a prosecutor for a long time. You cannot take forfeiture money and give it to your lover. You just can't do that.SCHOEN: Yes, no, listen, she's completely smeared the integrity of this process. She's up for election, so she's probably not going to step down voluntarily. But she should have. She should have withdrawn from this case for the good of the case and for the integrity of the system. But that's not what she decided to do.PIRRO: Well, we'll see what the Appellate Court does. I have my hopes on that one. Anyway, David, thanks so much. And Intel officials came to Capitol Hill today with a stark warning for senators. TikTok is dangerous, the message seemed to land.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. RICHARD BLUMENTHAL (D-CT): My reaction to this briefing is that TikTok is a gun aimed at American's heads. The Chinese Communists are weaponizing information that they are constantly surreptitiously collecting from 170 million Americans.SEN. TOM COTTON (R-AR): TikTok and ByteDance and Chinese leaders go to great lengths to try to conceal what they're doing. But it's clear right there in the terms and conditions what they can do, and it's clear from two weeks ago how TikTok is used to try to influence American politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right. Joining me now is Missouri Senator Josh Hawley. Senator, your colleagues sound very concerned about what they heard today. What have they told you?SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Well, what they've said is that TikTok is a national security threat. I mean, you heard it right there, Judge. The truth is, TikTok is a backdoor for the Chinese Communist Party into every phone in America that has TikTok loaded onto it. I mean, they're tracking our location. They're tracking our keystrokes. They're tracking our emails, our contacts, you name it, and all of it can be accessed by the Chinese Communist Party in Beijing.I mean, my bottom line is this. I don't want the Chinese Communists owning our farmland. I don't want them owning our factories. I don't want them owning our social media. And to me, that's what this is about.PIRRO: All right. I'd like you to listen to one of your colleagues on this. Senator Tillis.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: OK, listen, if you ban TikTok, I will find you and shoot you. That's people's jobs. And that's my only entertainment. And people make money out there too. You know, I'm trying to get rich like that. Anyways, I'll shoot you and find you and cut you into pieces. Bye.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right, and that, of course, is a voicemail that Senator Tillis received. It's frightening although they're laughing about it, Senator. Your take?HAWLEY: Well, I mean, it's crazy. It shows you the lengths that TikTok is willing to go, Judge, to try and weaponize their own users and exploit them and this really gets to the basic point, no Americans should be dependent on this Chinese platform. No American should have their information subject to these Chinese censors and getting manipulated like these people, these TikTok and their Chinese owners are trying to manipulate American creators, American citizens, American teenagers.I mean, there's a reason that TikTok doesn't want to sell. I mean, they could sell the company. Right. But there's a reason that Beijing won't let that happen. It's not about the money. It's way too valuable to them.PIRRO: It's about control. Of course, the House passed legislation to make ByteDance sell-off TikTok. What is the Senate going to do?HAWLEY: The Senate should pass it. I mean, I'm worried that TikTok is trying to buy the Senate. I mean, Judge, TikTok already owns or rather China already owns our farmland. They own our factories; they want to own the Senate. And they're spending money. Believe me, it's you and I talk right now, they are spending money to try and buy votes in the Senate. We cannot allow that to happen. We need to show that the American people are still in charge of American social media, and all American media, and we need to ban TikTok in the United States. If China won't sell it, then we need to ban it.PIRRO: All right. Senator Hawley, thanks so much for being with us tonight. And if you heard the media's bloodbath hoax made you mad, wait until you hear Joe Biden's ridiculous new smear on Donald Trump. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: I know under this administration, you're used to illegals crossing the border and then never getting deported, but in some instances, they actually do get caught. Fox's own Bill Melugin got the chance to ride along with ICE officers in L.A. as they track down dangerous criminal aliens. Bill?BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, Judge, because of sanctuary policies here in California, ICE essentially has to work alone when they go after dangerous criminal aliens here in the streets of L.A. We embedded with ICE as they removed three convicted felons off the streets.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: It's 4 A.M. in Los Angeles, and this team of ICE deportation officers is briefing on their targets for the day, drug traffickers with lengthy criminal histories. The first target, a Mexican woman, previously convicted of trafficking opioids in L.A.UNKNOWN: She was selling these opioids from a swap meet shop in one of the local areas and distributing it to minors.MELUGIN: After surveilling the area, she's spotted leaving her home in a pickup truck. ICE officers swarm the street, pull the woman over, and arrest her.ICE says she's a convicted felon who has already been deported from the U.S. four times. During her intake, ICE found thousands of dollars in cash on her.The convicted felon that ICE just arrested is behind me being processed and booked right now. And ICE tells us because of her criminal history, she could be deported as soon as tonight.Moments later, ICE officers bring in another convicted felon they've just arrested, a Mexican man with convictions for trafficking meth and domestic violence.UNKNOWN: Due to sanctuary policies, unfortunately, our detainers are not being honored. It is frustrating.MELUGIN: Do you guys have any presence at the jail whatsoever?UNKNOWN: No.MELUGIN: And ICE blames those sanctuary policies for having to arrest this third felon of the day. He was previously convicted of trafficking meth and being a felon in possession of a gun. And ICE says he was released without notice after local authorities ignored their request to hold him.MELUGIN: Sanctuary policy?UNKNOWN: Sanctuary policy. Detainer not honored.MELUGIN: ICE says their L.A. officers arrested over 3,000 criminal non- citizens in fiscal year 2023, including 249 suspected gang members. With limited manpower, their priority is public safety threats.UNKNOWN: The sex offenders, the child molesters, the drug traffickers, that misconception that we're out there indiscriminately conducting raids at checkpoints, that's just simply far from the truth.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And Judge, ICE says they are frequently arresting illegal aliens who have already been deported from the U.S. before, sometimes deported multiple times. Under U.S. law, illegal reentry is a felony punishable with prison time.And ICE says they'd like federal prosecutors to start imposing more consequences for these repeat crossers. We'll send it back to you.PIRRO: All right, Bill. Thanks so much. Embracing the momentum from their bloodbath hoax earlier this week, Biden is seizing on his next manipulation, warping Trump's comments about illegal immigration. And for that, they had to go back to the well.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: In 2016, he called Latinos criminal drug dealers and rapists when it came down to this. Now he says immigrants are poisoning the blood of our country. You're the reason why, in large part, I beat Donald Trump.UNKNOWN: Yes.BIDEN: Let's do it again. Oh, you know, I need you. I need you badly. I need the help. Kamala and I desperately need your help.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Joining me now is Rachel Campos-Duffy, co-host of Fox and Friends Weekend. You know, Rachel, in one breath, he lies about what Trump said. And in the next, he begs for Latino support. Is anyone falling for this?RACHEL CAMPOS-DUFFY, FOX AND FRIENDS WEEKEND CO-HOST: He says, I need you badly. Stay with me. I'm desperate. He sounds like a really bad boyfriend who's been taking you for granted, and he's only noticing you now that you're starting to be interested in the other guy. And I think a lot of Latinos are thinking about the other guy, and they're remembering the good times, right?When they had money, when their wages were higher, when there was less crime, you know. When they could do things with their family. They're also, you know, remembering when you could send your little boy to school and nobody told him that he was actually a girl.And they're also, Judge, remembering that this guy, Joe Biden, is a stalker, that he sent the FBI into your Catholic church to spy on you. And so, I think this idea that, you know, hey, look at me, stay with me, the other guy's a racist, I don't think it's going to work this time, because I don't think Latinos love Biden. And guess what? I don't think they love Trump. They love their families.And I think they're looking at this situation, at this presidential election and this deterioration of our country, and all these wars and all this chaos and the inflation and everything that's happening, and they're saying, I want to do what's best for my family. And I think that's where they're at.PIRRO: You know, the amazing part of it is, as he stands there and begs for their support, it sounded like there were 20 people in the room. But you know, it's this pandering, like the pandering that we heard in 2020. I don't know if we still have that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: This guy despises Latinos, and I understand Latino values, you know, they're like -- they're kind of -- we just celebrated St. Patrick's Day. I hope you're not offended by my saying this, but, you know, the thing about the Irish who came here, they're about family, about faith, about decency.UNKNOWN: Yes.BIDEN: And that's exactly what Latino community is all about.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Well, you know, aside from that, I mean, his pandering and saying, you know, I love Latinos, they're like Irish people. And, you know, like I love, you know, the music. I mean, it's not working. People are looking at the economy, inflation, immigration. And, you know, Donald Trump is winning and, you know, he's winning in the swing states.So, Joe Biden can see him, he can beg all he wants, but they're not buying it.CAMPOS-DUFFY: No, they're losing Latinos and they don't have to lose that many for this to be absolutely devastating for Joe Biden's campaign. But they're losing Latinos for the same reason they're losing auto workers in Michigan. Latinos are working class people.And so, they're looking at the inflation and the 15 million people who are coming over the border, whatever nationality they are, whether they're Latinos or not, they are a threat to the working class wage. And that is what they're looking at. And that's what they're afraid of.And so, yeah, you know, playing Despacito or talking about tacos, none of that's going to work because times are really bad and Latinos are feeling it just as hard as every white or Asian or black working-class person. They just want to protect their families in the middle of this.PIRRO: You know, Rachel, you're so right. And maybe at some point we'll just talk about what Americans want. Thanks so much for being with us tonight.And the liberal media that orchestrated the Christine Blasey Ford attack on Brett Kavanaugh is back trying to revive her debunked claims. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I applaud you on your courage.UNKNOWN: It's upsetting to think that people are out to get you for speaking the truth.UNKNOWN: For trying to help, right?UNKNOWN: Even today, some people remain skeptical of your story.UNKNOWN: After all that you've been through. Do you have any regrets? Would you do it all the same again?UNKNOWN: I would definitely do it again. It was it was the worst thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: She's back. That's right. Brett Kavanaugh, supposedly camera-shy accuser, Christine Blasey Ford, is back in the spotlight just in time for election season to promote her new memoir, which the Atlantic calls a modern-day horror story that reads as an indictment against Kavanaugh and his supposed enablers.Never mind the fact that her 2018 testimony was riddled with inconsistencies, contradictions and memory lapses. The regime is picking up right where they left off six years ago.Here now to react is Carrie Severino, former clerk to Justice Clarence Thomas, and president of the Judicial Crisis Network. Also with us is Garrett Ventry. He was spokesman for the Senate Judiciary Committee during the Kavanaugh confirmation hearing.All right, Carrie, I'll start with you. Does Ford's timing seem a bit suspect?CARRIE SEVERINO, JUDICIAL CRISIS NETWORK PRESIDENT: Yeah, you know, if you're looking for new information about the Christine Blasey Ford allegations, this is not the place to look. It starts out as an uncorroborated and implausible story. And at the end of the book, it's still an uncorroborated and implausible story.She brushes over some of the real problems with it. For example, her own friend saying this, this does not sound like something we did. This doesn't happen.And I think at the end of the day, yeah, this seems like an attempt to keep Kavanaugh on the news and maybe to keep her own name in the news. She's obviously, you know, she talks about things like going to a sleepover at Oprah's house and getting to meet Metallica backstage. A lot of interesting things have happened to her since this.And I think, unfortunately, the P.R. team that she details following her through this whole book seems to be using her again to try to get this back in the spotlight. You know, it's an election year. So, of course, let's try to bring this topic up again.PIRRO: Garrett, I'd like you to listen to this sound where Ford talks about why she wrote her memoir. Take a listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: People would say, like, oh, they're going to ruin your life and say all these very abstract things that I didn't really know what they meant. And so, this book is a little bit some concrete examples of what might happen and how people might better navigate it, because there will be another person.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: There will be another person. What do you take from that, Garrett?GARRETT VENTRY, FORMER SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE SPOKESMAN: Well, we saw this with Justice Thomas. We've seen this with now Justice Kavanaugh as well. It's the playbook of the left here to throw last minute allegations to try and derail a Supreme Court nominee. We've seen this over and over again from the left here.I think if you take a step back, her claims in this book are about as accurate as like a grown man believing in the tooth fairy. They're just not there. It's ridiculous to believe in them. We saw this. I worked on Justice Kavanaugh's confirmation. It was very thorough. We literally had two hearings. That rarely ever happens. Judge Kavanaugh at the time had been through three FBI background checks. None of these things ever alleged.And as Kerry rightfully pointed out here, her main, you know, best friend and supposed corroborator, Leland Kaiser, said she had no knowledge of this. The two other witnesses outside of Justice Kavanaugh, P.J. Smyth, Mark Judge, also said this never happened.She couldn't remember where it happened. She couldn't remember how she got there, how she left. And no one can corroborate it. It's flimsy and false.PIRRO: Well, it's interesting. The left isn't just gunning for Kavanaugh, though. The Atlantic published a piece this week calling on Sonia Sotomayor to retire this year, arguing, quote, "if she doesn't, she'll be making a bet that she will remain fit to serve until possibly age 78 or even 82. If she retires this year, President Biden will nominate a young and reliably liberal judge to replace her."The author even goes to point out that Justice Sotomayor is a diabetic and relatively poor health. Carrie, does this surprise you? Because it shocks me.SEVERINO: Yeah, at this point, I don't think we should be surprised, but I agree this is a lower blow than I thought, especially for someone who is such a reliable liberal, you think. And they're doing things trying to suggest that she's in bad health. There's really no evidence. They're going out of their way.What it does show is the left is very concerned about the upcoming election. And they don't trust Senate -- President Biden to be able to hold on for another four years. But I think it's a horrible taste that they're doing this kind of, well, you're no more useful to us. Let's just, you know, push her off, just as they try to do it Justice. Breyer.I think it's -- I think it's a horrible way to treat a justice. But it shows you, all along, whether it's even the liberals or the conservatives, they just want to use the court not for justice, not even for, you know, appreciating their dignity as people. They just want them as a tool to advance liberal ends.And so, whatever will do that, in this case, if it's shuffling Justice Sotomayor off to Buffalo a little early, they're going to do that, too, because they just want to have the court in Democratic and liberal control.PIRRO: Garrett, are you shocked by that? Because I am still stunned.VENTRY: Yeah, it's absolutely ridiculous. Here, again, we saw this with trying to pack the court. We saw this with going after judges where there was an assassination attempt against Justice Kavanaugh after the Roe V. Wade hearing.And so, what this is about, Carrie is absolutely right here. This is about President Trump's going to win. They're afraid he's going to pick more judges. He transformed the Supreme Court. It's one of his greatest accomplishments. He's going to win again, defeat Joe Biden. We're going to appoint a lot more judges. So, the left better buckle up.PIRRO: All right. Carrie and Garrett, thanks so much for being with us tonight. And coming up, parents get busted after partying too hard on spring break.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: So, this -- sheriff's office. Time to wake up. Time to wake up.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: What we just showed you isn't even the most disturbing part. The shocking video is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Time to wake up, guys. Hey, the sheriff's office, wake up. You sit up. Come on, get up.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: At first, this looks like a couple who might have had a little too much fun partying on spring break, passed out in the sun, beer cans around them. But Florida sheriff's deputies noticed something was terribly wrong.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: You guys have children with you?UNKNOWN: Give him my ID or give him yours.UNKNOWN: Are they with you?UNKNOWN: Hey, where are they?UNKNOWN: Go get the kids, I got this.UNKNOWN: I'll go with him. Tell me where your kids are.UNKNOWN: How old are they?UNKNOWN: Seven, eight.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Wow. The kids are actually five and seven. And at that moment, nowhere to be found. Deputies eventually spotted them swimming at a hotel pool nearby, safe, and the couple was then arrested.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I need you to come get the kids. Me and Timothy are both being arrested.UNKNOWN: Is somebody able to come get the kids?UNKNOWN: Come get the kids. Me and Timothy are both being (BLEEP) arrested.UNKNOWN: Alcohol on the beach and child neglect, I assume.UNKNOWN: Can you tell them where we're at?UNKNOWN: So, I'm not allowed to have any beer at the beach?(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: I'm glad he has his priorities straight. Joining me now is Paul Morrow, attorney, former NYPD inspector and Fox News contributor. Paul, what kind of charges should this couple be looking at?PAUL MAURO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Justifiably serious. So, in Florida, this is a third-degree felony and it is a child neglect charge, so that carries up to five years in Florida. So, it's no joke. They're not Florida residents, so they have all kinds of complications here.Apparently, they're from Georgia. They're a couple. But he's not the biological father. However, he has legal guardianship, so he's on the hook for this.And they're looking at a serious set of charges here, especially since, at one point, despite claiming he's only had two beers and yet there's all kinds of empties littered around, apparently, according to the reporting, he decides he's going to take off on the beach. He starts to run. It's on the body when he gets about five, six steps. He face-plants. He gets charged --PIRRO: Let's take a look at that at the face plant.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: OK, well, clearly, he doesn't have his priorities together. And the sad part about this is that not only were they just on the beach and they lost the kids, they were asleep. I assume they're drunk. We don't even know if we've got that.But I know that Mike Chitwood and this is the Volusia County Sheriff's Department. They're real good at what they do. But there's more of what was happening during the arrest. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Everybody (BLEEP). So now we both going to (BLEEP) jail. (BLEEP) who's going to pawn us out.UNKNOWN: No one.UNKNOWN: Exactly. Now my grandpa has to drive (BLEEP) 8 hours to get the (BLEEP) kids.No, I want to I want to listen to what my grandma said. I want to make sure my kids (BLEEP) taken care of.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Now that she's up, she cares about where her kids are?MAURO: Yeah, she knows, I think, she's on body on camera, so she's making a great show. They're quite belligerent after the arrest. And, you know, I suspect that there's going to be some custody issues subsequent to this.PIRRO: Yeah.MAURO: None of this is going to play to their benefit. She starts cursing him out. He starts getting very nasty with the police. I don't think this is going to play very well in some civil custody situation.PIRRO: Do we know whether or not he's got a prior record? Why would he run for something like that?MAURO: You know, that's -- I don't know. And I don't know about his prior record. But I will tell you that he puts up this big front that he's only got two beers. He's only had two beers. And yet, as you see in the video, he starts running. He doesn't get very far. He face-plants without the cops ever touching him. And there's all of these empties around. She couldn't have drank them all.So, I don't know about his priors --PIRRO: I wouldn't be so sure about that. You never know. All right. We've got something else we're going to take a listen to. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: There's no lease, it's not a squatter, it's breaking and entering. They're harboring criminals and fugitives in the house.UNKNOWN: I was brought into a real estate. I have receipts and everything. This is insane. I'm not a squatter. I don't even know what that word means.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Paul, let's move to an issue in New York. A woman tries to get squatters out of her house by changing the locks. She owns a house. She ends up getting arrested by NYPD after the squatter called the police. Paul, there's something up here. Explain what's going on.MAURO: Yeah, this is one of those things where they're all doing this, right? So, the person who gets arrested, unfortunately, is the only person who has any paperwork, which is the homeowner. She walks and she has a deed.And I actually don't do this very often. I question the way this was handled, because according to the reporting on another network, they actually say to this alleged squatter, let's see your lease. He doesn't have one.PIRRO: Of course not. Paul, thanks so much. And that's it for us tonight. I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro in for Laura Ingraham.Catch me weekdays, co-hosting The Five at 5 P.M. Eastern. Thanks for watching this special edition of The Ingraham Angle.