SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".We begin tonight with the FOX News alert. Donald Trump could clinch the Republican nomination at any moment with polls now closed in Georgia and Mississippi and FOX News tonight can project that Donald Trump will win both primaries and now all eyes are on Washington state. And with another resounding win -- well, the 45th president could officially seal the deal tonight setting up a 2024 rematch against Joe Biden.Earlier tonight, Biden officially got the delegates that he needed to secure his party's nomination, despite an overwhelming sense of doom and gloom and anxiety from Democratic voters.Coming up, my monologue is straight ahead tonight. But first, here to break down the very latest numbers, our own Kevin Corke is with us -- Kevin.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Call it a two for Tuesday in politics, Sean. You're right both, President Biden and former President Trump uh basically wrapping up their party's respective nominations. You know, Mr. Biden's already sealed the deal. Mr. Trump will do so shortly.Georgia, Mississippi and Washington all holding primaries today, Sean, while Hawaii holds a GOP caucus. In all, 235 delegates up for grab for the Democrats, Biden's already over the top. He only needed less than 100 going into the day.As for Republicans, 161 delegates on the board. So as you take a look, you see, doesn't need much, right, on the right side of the screen there. President Trump will get the job done just like Mr. Biden got the job done.Here's what's interesting though -- if you think back to what all the naysayers said about President Trump's chances, uh-huh, third consecutive GOP nomination. That is incredible.Now neither man has anything scheduled for tonight, Sean, but obviously, we're watching social media and if either one posts anything of note, I'll pass it along to you. But for now, back to you, my friend.HANNITY: All right. We always can count on you, Kevin. As always, thank you.Now to an explosive hearing that was on Capitol Hill all day today, another blatant example of America's two-tiered unequal justice system. Now the man responsible for investigating Joe Biden's rampant mishandling of classified material, special counsel Robert Hur testified before the House Judiciary Committee today, and Hur told lawmakers that Joe Biden willfully retained top secret classified material as a private citizen and shared such material with others.And, by the way, not people that had security clearances. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT HUR, FORMER SPECIAL COUNSEL: My team and I conducted a thorough independent investigation. We identified evidence that the president willfully retained classified materials after the end of his vice presidency when he was a private citizen. This evidence included an audio recorded conversation during which during which Mr. Biden told his ghost writer that he had, quote, just found all the classified stuff downstairs, end quote.When Mr. Biden said this, he was a private citizen, speaking to his ghost writer in his private rental home in Virginia. We also identified other recorded conversations during which Mr. Biden read classified information aloud to his ghost writer.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNNITY: Oh, that seems like a pretty obvious crime, right? If you did it, if I did it, if Donald Trump willfully retained classified material and bragged about it to a ghost writer, hey, I just found more classified documents in my basement. Let me read them to you, the writer, the ghost writer. Well, we'd all be charged with multiple felonies not Joe Biden.In fact, before Biden's DOJ filed charges against former President Trump over classified material allegations, his home was raided by the FBI, even though he had previously been cooperating with the FBI and authorities. Remember, he invited federal officials into his home and even secured. They had an opportunity to be in the room where the documents were. They called a couple of days later. Can you please put another lock on that door? And, of course, at the request of the FBI, they complied.In contrast, Biden was never subjected to any pre-dawn raid at any of the numerous locations and there were a lot, where he illicitly stored material. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. Hur, classified documents were found at the Penn Biden Center?HUR: That's correct.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They were found in President Biden's garage.HUR: In Wilmington, Delaware, yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And in his basement den?HUR: Also in the same home, yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And the major -- and his main floor office?HUR: Correct.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And his third floor den.HUR: Correct.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: At the University of Delaware?HUR: Correct.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And at the Biden Institute?HUR: Correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, that sounds like eight separate locations and as Jonathan Turley rightly points out, her confirmed quote that some of these documents reportedly came from what is known as a secure SCIF. Well, that would likely require Joe Biden himself to remove them. Does that not prove intent? That's not allowed.In other words, this was ultra classified material that Biden removed from a secure location. But, of course, Hur decided not to charge Joe Biden. He's a Democrat. Why would he?Now among a litany of excuses, the special counsel just didn't think he could prove the case beyond a reasonable doubt. Oh, that's a reason not to bring a case. That's news to me. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HUR: We did not however identify evidence that rose to the level of proof beyond a reasonable doubt. Because the evidence fell short of that standard, I declined to recommend criminal charges against Mr. Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: He's a nice old man, and he'd come across as forgetful and the jury would probably like him.One of Hur's chief concerns was the issue of Joe Biden's cognitive decline. Let's look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP))HUR: I had to consider the president's memory, and overall mental state and how a jury likely would perceive his memory and mental state in a criminal trial. These are the types of issues that prosecutors analyze every day. And because these issues were important to my ultimate decision, I had to include a discussion of them in my report to the attorney general. The evidence and the president himself put his memory squarely at issue.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: So we have a president who is not mentally competent basically is what he's saying to stand trial. So, we will only charge his opponent who is mentally competent, that's the argument you're going to make.According to the transcript from Joe's interview with the special counsel, well, the president had a very, very difficult time communicating or remembering simple basic fundamental facts. At one point, Biden asked, quote, when did I announce for president? He also asked quote if it was 2013, when did I stop being vice president? And, quote, in 2009, am I still the vice president? He then asked, quote, will Trump gets elected in November of 2017. No.Anyway, Biden also could not remember the words fax machine not one but twice and could not remember when his son passed away, how sad is that. It turns out Biden's allegation against Hur, you know, how dare he ask his -- about his son, that was a lie. It was Joe Biden himself that brought up the issue of his son.But keep in mind, despite all of this, Joe Biden is the president of the United States, running for another term. Both Joe Biden and the Democratic Party swear that Biden is more than capable of serving in the toughest job in the world. So, surely, he should be capable of standing trial. And don't forget, the special council discovered what was a trove of top secret documents and at least seven unsecured locations that Biden took from secure government facilities, dating back to his time as a senator.Guess what? He didn't have the ability to declassify them, and what impact would the Presidential Records Act have on any of this. Biden then shared this classified information with at least one private individual, without any security clearance, his ghost writer, $8 million worth of reasons to have this information.Here's how Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan summed it all up earlier today, take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Joe Biden felt he was entitled. You can almost hear it. You can feel the arrogance in the statement. They're mine. But even with all that, Mr. Hur chose not to bring charges.In your report, Joe Biden viewed his notebooks as an irreplaceable, contemporaneous record of the most important moments of his vice presidency. He's written this all down for the book, for the $8 million. And the next thing you say in your report is, quote, such a record would buttress his legacy as a world leader.You know what this is? It wasn't just the money. It wasn't just $8 million. It was also his ego. Pride and money is why he knowingly violated the rules.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And willfully, pride and money. Chairman Jordan will be here with us in a moment.We'll also get reaction from Chairman Comer, but Jim Jordan was right. This was another free pass for Joe Biden despite some reprehensible conduct. Now, Democrats, you would think they'd be elated. Well, instead today, they were furious, and some were totally overcome with hysteria, incensed that Biden was forced to endure any scrutiny at all. A few Democrats even seemed confused that someone other than Donald Trump was being investigated by Joe's DOJ. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): It's not a memory test for President Biden. It's a memory test for all of America. Do we remember fascism? Do we remember Nazism? Do you remember communism and totalitarianism?Have we completely forgotten the sacrifices of our parents and grandparents and prior generations?REP. STEVE COHEN (D-TN): Joe Biden does in understanding Social Security and Medicare, Medicaid, important institutions to help seniors, not senile people. I mean, I reject that comment. People see -- he's not -- nobody suggested he's senile, and that's disrespectful of senior people with any kind of memory disability, lots of seniors have memory disability, but they're not senile.And to do such was shameful. Joe Biden is a competent good president.REP. HANK JOHNSON (D-GA): You are a Republican, though, aren't you?HUR: I am a registered Republican.JOHNSON: Yes, sir, and you're doing everything you can do to get President Trump reelected so that you can get appointed as a federal judge or perhaps to another position in the Department of Justice. Isn't that correct?HUR: Congressman, I have no such aspirations I can assure you.REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): You chose a general pejorative reference to the president. You understood when you made that decision, didn't you, Mr. Hur, that you would ignite a political firestorm with that language, didn't you?REP. CORI BUSH (D-MO): Republicans have used the special counsel's report to further their long-standing efforts to reelect -- reelect the former white supremacist in chief, Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, tonight, there's really just one way to hold Joe Biden accountable. That is in November. November 5th to be exact, in 237 days, you the American people can and frankly must remove Biden from office and do it at the ballot box.As of right now, the polls are not looking good for Joe Biden, even after his jacked up performance at the State of the Union Address. According to a new Harris poll, Biden's approval is hovering at a record low 37 percent. In a head-to-head matchup, Trump is beating him by five points.Anyway, here now with reaction is the House Judiciary Committee chairman, he was leading the proceedings earlier today, Jim Jordan is with us.Sir, Robert Hur testified that Biden willfully retained classified documents. He further went into detail about how, oh, he -- I just found more classified documents in the basement, goes, gets them and reads them to the ghost writer. Did that guy have a security clearance, Mr. Chairman?JORDAN: No, he did not, Sean, and you're exactly right. He retained classified documents. He disclosed the classified documents to an individual who did not have a security clearance, but he did have part of the contract for the $8 million to be the ghost writer for Joe Biden's book. You know, you always go to motive when there's unlawful activity what was the motive and special counsel Hur was clear, the motive was the book.He had strong motivations to ignore -- these are the words of the special counsel -- to ignore the procedures associated with classified documents because he was writing a book for which he got an $8 million advance. So that was the motive.And here's the kicker, Joe Biden knew the rules. He'd been in office now 50 years, he chaired the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He got daily intelligence briefings for eight years, as vice president of the United States. He had been in the Situation Room hearing all kinds of classified information. He knew the law. He knew the rules, but he willfully, knowingly violated those because he was writing a book.HANNITY: OK. So, you have a situation here where Joe Biden had 8 million reasons to do this, that he willfully retained classified documents and what I hear from Robert Hur is that he is incompetent to stand trial. After all, the jury would probably see him as nice forgetful old man that doesn't know what day of the week it is, but he's going to run for president? How do you juxtapose that?JORDAN: I don't know how you did it, but you are exactly right. Joe Biden's conduct out of the crime but because he is a forgetful old man, we're not going to bring charges and will just go from there. It makes no sense.Here's the other thing I think is so important. You hit on this, Sean, in your -- in your monologue. This is so important. There have only been three people really run for president in the last three cycles -- Hillary Clinton, President Biden, President Trump, all three were accused of mishandling classified documents, but only one is getting prosecuted by Jack Smith. This guy who's been on an agenda to go after President Trump and went after Republicans before he went after President Trump.So that is the thing I think that stands out, this double standard that so many Americans see that is wrong because it's supposed to be equal treatment under the law. Hillary Clinton can take a hammer to documents and use BleachBit. Joe Biden can give classified information to the guy who's writing his book and nothing happens there, but they go after President Trump? It makes no sense because it's wrong.HANNITY: He testified that Biden's ghost writer destroyed the evidence when he was named special counsel. They were able to recover a lot of that, maybe all of it? I didn't get the full picture on that?JORDAN: Yeah, they recovered it, but the fact that he destroyed it, if that's not obstruction and you're right, Sean, he did it after Robert Hur is named special counsel, so it's like, oh, shazam, there's a special counsel, I'm going to delete this stuff. I'm going to get rid of it nothing happens to him.But go to the Trump situation. Some guy moves some boxes. This is alleged. It's not proven, somebody moves some boxes and he gets charged with President Trump. Once again a different standard and that is -- again, that is what is so wrong with this and what's so frustrating I think to the American people.HANNITY: Well, how could they be? I mean, if the guy is in you know he's not capable to stand trial, if he's incompetent to stand trial, oh, we'll just charge the guy that is competent. Wow, what a what a great justice system.Congressman, very revealing today. Great job. We appreciate you being with us. Thank you.Joining us now, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, that's James Comer.Let's get your overview of what -- what happened today in your takeaway.REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Well, it's similar to what we're investigating with the Biden influence peddling, what we had with the mishandling classified documents you have a crime and a cover-up. The crime is Jim Jordan eloquently explained was Joe Biden was trying to profit trying to make money just like they were doing in the Biden influence peddling scheme and so he broke the law.Then, the cover up is what I referred to during my opening statement in my line of question today at the Hur hearing was the timeline is not consistent. There's an hour -- there's a year and a half difference between when we believe according to people we've interviewed the classified documents were discovered versus when the White House says they were discovered. Between that time period, what happened to those documents? Who all had access to those documents? That's the question and that's what we're going to try to determine the answer to.But, Sean, it's very difficult when you have those documents in eight different locations and there's a year and a half gap between when we believe they were discovered and where the White House is saying they were discovered.HANNITY: Can you explain this -- I -- I'm going to really harp on this. Oh, oh, I found more classified documents in the basement let me go get them and let me read them to you even though you don't have any security clearance at all whatsoever or when he was a senator if you go into a SCIF, you're going into a SCIF because the -- of the sensitive nature of the material you are seeing.That would mean that Joe Biden as senator consciously took that out of the SCIF and brought it home with him. Well, I mean -- can you have any more slam dunk evidence here? And then how do you explain what they did to Donald Trump and how his DOJ, you know, whitewashes this just like the whole Biden family syndicate? They get away with everything.COMER: Yeah, what we saw today was an entitled career politician who believes he's above the law and we also see a government that's always turned a blind eye to protect Joe Biden. Then we see the two-tier system of justice and you look at how Donald Trump is being treated. He had documents in one location behind a locked door.These documents that Joe Biden had were not behind a locked door. I asked Hur that and he confirmed that in his testimony. They were scattered all over the place.We don't know who all had access to those documents. We know the family through our investigation has been influence-peddling. They've taken in over $30 million from our adversaries around the world. We wonder if some of these documents were used in the influence peddling scheme. We have clues that would imply that there are suspicious emails that Hunter Biden was sending after Joe Biden left the presidency at the time when he was trying to prove his value in certain countries like Ukraine and Russia, countries where there were documents mishandled. So we have a lot more questions. We appreciate some of what Hur testified today, but there are a lot of questions and we're going to still try to get answers so we can actually hold people accountable.HANNITY: If this doesn't highlight to the American people that we don't have equal justice and equal application of our laws in America, I don't know what will. Today, to me, was the equivalent of July 2016 and James Comey going out there staying, yeah, Hillary at top secret classified information, 33,000 deleted emails, BleachBit, hammers devices, everything we learn but no reasonable prosecutor would prosecute. Is that pretty similar?COMER: That's very similar, exact thing.HANNITY: Yeah. Sad, that's a sad day for the country.Keep up the good work. Congressman Comer, thank you.When we come back, the FBI Director Wray, pay attention to this, he issued a serious warning Monday about ISIS-linked threats coming across our Southern border. He said -- he gave even more dire explanation of the state of security because of Biden's open borders.We get reaction from Senator Ted Cruz as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: So as Robert Hur was testifying on Capitol Hill today, the leaders of our nation's intelligence agencies, they were also on the Hill and that included the FBI Director Christopher Wray, who for now for the second day in a row is warning you the American people that the us is facing perhaps more serious threats right now than at any other time. Pay attention. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHRISTOPHER WRAY, FBI DIRECTOR: I believe that the terrorist threat level that we're contending with right now is at a whole another level from an already heightened terrorist threat level that we were seeing even before October 7th. And I say that for a variety of reasons. First, you've seen a veritable rogue gallery of foreign terrorist organizations calling for terrorist attacks against us in a way that we haven't seen in a long, long time. And these are terrorist organizations as this committee knows very well which often don't see eye to eye on much, but they seem to see eye to eye on this.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, remember, just yesterday, Christopher Wray warned of a serious threat linked directly to ISIS posed by Joe Biden's wide open southern border. Here's a reminder. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WRAY: There is a particular network that has -- where some of the overseas facilitators of the smuggling network have ISIS ties, that we're very concerned about and that we've been spending enormous amount of effort with our partners investigating. Exactly what that network is up to is something that's again the subject of our current investigation.SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): But there is a network we're concerned about that has facilitators involved in it that have ties to ISIS --WRAY: Correct.RUBIO: -- terrorist organizations.WRAY: Correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Why doesn't Director Wray insist that the laws of our country be enforced and why doesn't he go after a president that is pick -- picking and choosing what laws he chooses to enforce and aiding and abetting in the lawbreaking? What is it going to take for the Democratic Party and this president to secure that border?Remember, not long ago, many on the left actually believed in borders and preventing illegal immigration. Here's a case in point, Chuck Schumer almost sounds like me in 2009, me today. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally. Illegal immigration is wrong, plain and simple.Until the American people are convinced that we will stop future flows of illegal immigration, we will make no progress on dealing with the millions of illegal immigrants who are here now. When we use phrases like undocumented workers, we convey a message to the American people that their government is not serious about combating illegal immigration, which the American people overwhelmingly oppose. If you don't think it's illegal, you're not going to say it. I think it is illegal and wrong.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Here with reaction is Texas Senator Ted Cruz. I would assume that probably he'll be apologizing for using the word illegal, Senator.But this is not a laughing matter what the FBI director is saying here is this is the worst threat we've had since 9/11. This sounds to me like the canary in the coal mine and he's basically telling this country to prepare for a terror attack.I have identified Iran, Syria, Afghanistan, also Egypt, Russia and China. Why are they coming to our southern border and why doesn't the FBI director insists that Joe Biden stop aiding and abetting and the lawbreaking and enforce the laws of our country? Shouldn't he be insist -- doesn't he have the authority to do that, Senator?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Absolutely, yes. The FBI director is exactly right. The terror threat to this country is enormous. It is greater than it has been at any time since September 11th. We've had 10.4 million people cross illegally since Joe Biden became president.The open borders we have when I'm down on the southern border as you know, I spend a lot of time down on the southern border, Border Patrol agents are actively looking for Hamas, for Hezbollah, for Palestinian jihad, for terrorists coming across, they have called for terrorists to carry out acts like October 7th and October 8th, 1,200 people were murdered in Israel and what these terrorists are calling for is the same sort of mass murder here in the United States.And Joe Biden and every congressional Democrat, they are complicit. They refuse to do anything to stop it. I'll tell you even worse than that. It's not even just that Biden and the Democrats are overwhelmed and they don't know how to stop the flow coming in, the news just broke in the last two weeks that Joe Biden the Biden administration actively flew over 320,000 illegal immigrants from their home countries into the United States into 44 different airports.Now, we don't know that because Biden told the American people. We don't know that because Biden told Congress. We know that because of a lawsuit under the Freedom of Information Act, they were forced to acknowledge that but they will not tell you what airports they are what cities they're flying people into.But understand, they're flying people from Venezuela. They're flying people from their home countries into America to come illegally. This is an invasion, and it's an invasion that Biden and the Democrats want for political reasons and they don't care if people die as a price for their partisan control.HANNITY: Joe Biden said he regretted using the term illegal. He didn't -- he didn't give an apology to Laken Riley's family when he butchered her name -- say her name Joe, it's not Lincoln, it's Laken Riley. Nor have we heard that he even pick up a phone and call them, and tell them.What I'm hearing from the FBI director is it's not if it is when, that there are terror cells likely in this country. I would argue it's -- I'm 100 percent right. I pray I'm 100 percent wrong, I'm not wrong, Senator. You're not wrong. Director Wray is not wrong. It's -- it's now when not if, probably sooner than later.CRUZ: Look, look -- there are two images, two photographs and images that capture what the 2024 election is all about. One image was the illegal immigrants who beat up two New York police officers were released from jail with no bail, and they flipped off the country. That's image number one.That's the message of Joe Biden and the Democrats the American people is flipping the bird with both hands.The second image is right after the State of the Union. The next day, Donald Trump quite rightly meets with Laken Riley's family, hugs Laken Riley's family and simultaneously while Trump is hugging the family of this beautiful 22-year-old woman who should still be alive if it were not for Democrat open borders, that same day, Joe Biden apologizes not to Laken Riley. Not to her family, not to the people who died, but apologizes to the murderer illegal alien because he called them an illegal.That is this election. Between the two, Biden is on the side of the murderers and illegal aliens and that's who he's apologizing to. But when it comes to American citizens, you heard his response of the State of the Union, well, yeah, she was killed by an illegal, but how many people were killed by legals? Like what the hell does that mean?HANNITY: I have no idea. I saw you with Nick Sabin today, and name, image, likeness for it or against it, I only have 10 seconds.CRUZ: For it, but Congress needs to act, so we have competition and we protect fairness and stop the chaos in college sports, because it's too important.HANNITY: Yeah, I agreed and I'd like to see by the way, you know, most of these kids will never play professional sports and they put their bodies on the line, especially in hard sports like football.Senator, thank you.When we come back, more examples of how Biden's horrific policies, they are killing the American dream. Newt Gingrich weighs in as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: So many Americans are feeling the burden of Bidenomics and Biden inflation. And now, will this cost Democrats come November? The stories this week are very telling. And according to a new study, more people are now buying houses with their friends than ever before as they struggled to contend with surging Biden inflation which went up again today a 3.2 percent increase from last year, which likely means that interest rates won't be coming down anytime soon. And that means now, buying a home is that much harder.But the economic warning sign, they don't stop there. According to a new report, more young people are now resorting to buy now, pay later options. But get this, just to afford bare necessities and essentials. Now, it may get worse because restaurants, they're now experimenting with what they call new technology that can literally move prices up and down, depending on demand and staffing at different points during the day, leading to concern -- concerns over the possibility of surge pricing.And by the way, we're all up for more higher gas prices because gas prices, yep, once again under Biden surging to new heights. Inflation is only likely going to get worse because of that.Here with reaction, former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor, Newt Gingrich.Mr. Speaker, great to have you. Let's get your reaction.Sixty percent of Americans live paycheck to paycheck. I say it all the time, I've been there in my early adult years, it's not a fun place to be. Sixty percent, that is a lot of people.NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I mean, it tells you how much Biden's policies and Bidenomics have just plain failed. This is not complicated. Go and stand outside any grocery store, and ask people if things are dramatically more expensive than four or five years ago. In the near future, go and stand outside any gas station and ask the same question.Look at what's happening to young people. In fact, Joe Biden has suffered his biggest loss of support from people under 30. Why because they're finding out they can't get a decent job they can't afford a car, they can't afford a house, they're being forced in some cases to live with their parents, in other cases, you're getting six or seven people jointly, trying to buy something together.The Biden system simply doesn't work, and it doesn't work on the border. It doesn't work in the economy. It doesn't work in foreign policy. It doesn't work in dealing with drugs, and I think this is a genuine deep crisis.And I don't care how many ads they buy this year. They're the Biden people are not going to be able to convince the average American, that their life is better under Joe Biden.So we have jacked up Joe, at a State of the Union, you know, screaming at the country, racing through his speech. He wouldn't even allow the speaker time to officially introduce him to the joint session, in the House.I thought he'd get a bump from that, just the opposite happened as I look at the Harris poll that came out post-State of the Union. He went down in his approval rating. He went -- you know, the distance between him and Trump got greater.What do you -- what are the factors behind that?GINGRICH: Look, I think that speech was not designed for the average American. If they had a reason for doing that speech, it was one to prove he could actually talk for an hour and minutes without collapsing and they succeeded. And two, to reach out to his left.Remember, all the Democrats who were jumping up yelling four more years. They really wanted to seal off all this conversation about dumping Joe Biden. But that speech was against about 70 percent of the American people, and they know it.A point that Victor Davis Hansen made brilliantly that if you watch Biden's speech style, he gets really angry when he talks about Americans. He's really angry if you're a conservative.He's really angry if you're a fundamentalist Christian. He's really angry if you're a Republican. But now if you're the Houthis or you're Hamas or you're Iran or you're the Russians or you're the Chinese communist -- well, he's not all that angry.And I think it's really tells you the underlying dynamic of the American left that it basically deeply dislikes America and deeply wants to profoundly change us which is why they're bringing in so many million illegal immigrants.HANNITY: Yeah, it's interesting. It looks like the Red Bull caffeine, or whatever the heck he was drinking eating or taking that day. It's worn off because he didn't have a particularly good weekend cognitively speaking.Speaker Gingrich, great to have you. Thank you.When we come back, Lara Trump on the new RNC strategy on how to get Republican wins come November, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And this is a FOX News alert: former President Trump is expected to clinch the GOP nomination tonight and by the way, the new RNC leadership, they are already working to secure his victory come November 5th. Chairman Michael Watley vowed to work hard, quote, hand in glove with Trump's presidential campaign staff, and they have already asked 60 RNC employees to resign as part of what they call restructuring.RNC co-chair Lara Trump says she is focused on Election Day. In a recent interview, Lara stressed the importance of early voting, mail-in voting, how the RNC must use legal ballot harvesting in order to win in November because as she said, we've been playing checkers and the Democrats, they have been playing chess.Lara Trump joins us now.I listen to what you said. I agree with everything you said. You know, this is not the system we want. I prefer one-day voting, paper ballots, more integrity, more confidence in the results.But we don't have that, that's not the hand we dealt. We have never been involved in ballot harvesting. Republicans are reluctant and resistant to voting early and by mail. It works in Florida, can be done right.And lastly, we need trained partisan observers you mentioned all of these things. Thank you. It was music to my ears. Tell me more.LARA TRUMP, REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE CO-CHAIR: Yeah, you're exactly right, Sean. Look this is a must-win election. I think people look around this country and they're horrified by what they going on and I just want to make sure that people out there take this very seriously. And I can tell you, at the RNC, we are already doing that.This is day two of me as co-chair of the RNC. I have a great team over there with Michael Watley as our chairman now. And I'll tell you, we're very focused on winning and all the things you just laid out are things that we have to embrace.As a party, if we ever want to compete with the Democrats, if we want to win we got to change the way we do things. We cannot just sit back and play the game the same way.You said, it would be great if we had all those things, one day of voting. You know, voter ID all across this country, paper ballots. Guess what? We could get there one day but in order to do that, Donald Trump has to be elected as the 47th president. We have to expand our lead in the House and we have to take back the Senate.So, we are incredibly focused on those things at the RNC. Right now, we have the first-ever election integrity division at the RNC. That means massive resources going to this one thing. If people out there, Sean, don't feel like their vote counts, they don't trust the system we have, then we are no longer the country we once thought we were.We will have trained poll watchers, poll observers, poll workers, people in tabulation centers all across this country, if you want to volunteer as a poll watcher, poll worker or volunteer lawyer because we want those as well, DonaldJTrump.com, GOP.com, we want you.We can leave nothing to chance. We have to fight fire with dynamite in this election. We must win on November 5th.Their efforts must be matched and even hopefully surpassed if Republicans want to be successful. We can't start out every election night down hundreds of thousands of votes. What if it snows? Like it did in congressional district number three in New York in that runoff election.Democrats had banked their votes. Republicans couldn't get out to vote, most of the day, in the morning. It was snowing. It was a heavy snowstorm. Not a good scenario, but that can happen. It does happen.Now, what about -- how do you train partisan of observers and the states that are going to matter the most, we know them. Georgia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, Arizona, Nevada, and then maybe look to some other states as well. Maybe New Hampshire, maybe New Jersey, who knows? Where are you looking?L. TRUMP: Yeah and you're -- you're right. Listen, we have an opportunity right now unlike any that we've really ever had because we had four years of Donald Trump. We understand how he'll actually be as president. And people look around and they say, am I better off now than I was four years ago?The answer to that is no. You can compare very easily how much better your life was with Donald Trump in office, and how much worse you are now that Joe Biden is in office.So we have states that really are in play right now, Sean, that Republicans have never gone after you've heard my father-in-law say many times. He wants to go into New York. He wants to fill up Madison Square Garden. I can guarantee you, you will see Donald Trump doing a rally in New York at some point.But, listen, we really are very focused on the election integrity and you asked about the poll watchers and the train poll watchers. We couldn't do this at the RNC. For 40 years, we had a moratorium on doing this. It has recently been lifted and now we are able to do it and I will tell you, we want everybody out there. We want you in every single polling location across this country, please come volunteer for us.HANNITY: I hope people do. Go through the training. They should be watching the voting all day and the vote counting all night.And unlike, 2020, COVID, they never made accommodations for COVID. They can't be watching from 1,000 feet away. You can't see the ballot. It's got to be up close, up front and keep an eye on it all.Great start. This is music to my ears as I said. We're going to follow it closely.L. TRUMP: More to come.HANNITY: Republicans, you -- you've got -- you've got to pay attention. You can't allow them to have this advantage. Start playing chess.Thank you, Lara.All right. Coming up, John Solomon joins us. He has an explosive report, whoa, wait until you hear this. What did I tell you about the January 6 Committee? Predetermined outcome, remember that. Wait until you hear what they purposely hid from you the American people. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. This is important. Tonight, an explosive report released by House Republicans alleging the partisan January 6 committee I said from the beginning they had a predetermined outcome, they deleted records, hid crucial evidence. The report also reveals, remember Cassidy Hutchinson's testimony that Donald Trump lunged at the steering wheel of the Secret Service driver on January 6? Guess what, that was refuted in testimony by Donald Trump's driver that day who testified the president, quote, never grabbed the steering wheel. Oh, you think they' include the truth.But, of course, the sham committee hid the driver's full testimony from their final report.Anyway, here with reaction, investigative reporter, editor-in chief, John - - justthenews.com, its founder as well, John Solomon.All right. So they literally -- you know, they failed to turn over video recordings of witness interviews and depositions, despite using recordings in high-profile prime time hearings. And, of course, they hire a Hollywood star producer so that they can really produce this thing.Okay. So then they delete these records and we find out that the testimony of the driver of the car that day totally contradicted on the record what was said and what the narrative they pushed.JOHN SOLOMON, JUST THE NEWS FOUNDER: Yeah. And it's important to note, Liz Cheney was a lawmaker that actually attended that interview with the Secret Service driver, and he said it didn't happen. No, Donald Trump didn't choke the Secret Service agent. He didn't try to grab the steering wheel.By the way, there are some physical barriers that would make that impossible. The SUV, that the president was in that day had some steel and glass barriers, like the president could break through that.So think about this, Liz Cheney, Bennie Thompson, the January 6 Committee, gave more credence to a third person hearsay account of Cassidy Hutchinson who they knew had repeatedly changed her testimony. She had submitted an errata report that changed a lot of her original claims to the committee and they discounted the actual driver who's a first person who knows what happened in that car. That's something that happens time and time again in the January 6 investigation.Another one very important, Tony Ornato, another one of those witnesses we didn't get to see the full transcript of, he's the deputy White House chief of staff for President Trump, he testifies you darn right that Donald Trump authorized 10,000 National Guard. I was in the meeting. He first told it to the Defense Secretary Chris Miller, and to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Mark Milley.The next day, I -- Anthony Ornato spent in a meeting, I was with the District of Columbia, we told them they could have 10,000 National Guard. That's another one they kept off the table away from us and then they tried to impugn the testimony or the suggestions that Donald Trump tried to offer the National Guard.These hearings are paid by the taxpayer. They're supposed to give us the truth. The January 6 committee --HANNITY: Well, John --SOLOMON: -- like Adam Schiff's Russia collusion did not give us the truth.HANNITY: Days before January 6th. I have on tape, there were five people in the meeting. Chris Miller, acting secretary of defense. Kash Patel as chief of staff, Mark Meadows, the president's chief of staff and the president. They all are on record on my show saying, now, Liz Cheney started a fight with our friend Mark Levin over this issue.And you say that Mark Milley even said that he was in the meeting. He was the only other person. So all five people on record saying Trump authorized troops, why didn't they -- did he have to sign a paper? What happened?SOLOMON: Well, listen, the president's authorization was verbal at the beginning. That's what needed to be happened. Then things happen downstream from him with Kash Patel at the Pentagon, with Anthony Ornato.What's really important, I found a document last year, it's a Capitol police document, on the morning of January 3rd, the document shows, it's part of an official timeline, internal timeline that the Capitol police had, January 6 committee never released it, the first offer to the Capitol police came in the morning of January 3rd.They turned it down. It is not in doubt that the Trump Pentagon, it is written in stone, five witnesses, but Liz Cheney tried to tell us otherwise.HANNITY: John Solomon, thank you.That's all the time we have left this evening. Let not your heart be troubled. Stand by, because Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face.