NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, so Nikki Haley is out of the race, Donald Trump still in the race. Joe Biden, of course, as we know, is wrapping up the race, but what to make of what happens right now?Because in order to win over disaffected Nikki Haley workers and supporters, what does Donald Trump want to do? We're going to explore that.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto. This is "Your World."To Bill Melugin in Charleston, South Carolina, with the ramifications of Super Tuesday on a lot of questions Wednesday -- Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Neil, we were in the room when Nikki Haley made this announcement.It was pretty somber in there, both amongst her staffers as well as her supporters, very quick speech, only about four minutes or so. She did not endorse Donald Trump. Instead, she urged him to try to win over her supporters. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It is now up to Donald Trump to earn the votes of those in our party and beyond it who did not support him. And I hope he does that.At its best, politics is about bringing people into your cause, not turning them away.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And this is Nikki Haley walking out on stage moments before that announcement. She walked out to applause from her supporters, this, of course, following a disappointing Super Tuesday for her in which she only won one state, Vermont.But look at the big picture, though. She started this race over a year ago, initially polling at 1 percent, a field of more than a dozen candidates. She ended up being the last one standing against Donald Trump. She exited the race today. Now Donald Trump is the presumptive Republican nominee.The RNC reacting to that. Here's what they're saying today in part -- quote -- "President Trump once delivered a booming economy, secure border, energy independence and America's strength on the world stage, the exact opposite of the chaos created by Joe Biden. Republican voters have spoken loud and clear with historically large margins, and we are more united than ever to beat Biden and Democrats up and down the ballot in November."Now, Neil, Nikki Haley's camp pushes back against that last statement. They say, no, Republicans are not more united than ever. They say the votes they were getting in some of these states, 30 to 40 percent non-Trump vote, show this party is still fractured right now.The big question is going to be, can Nikki Haley and Donald Trump mend bridges? Where will hold -- excuse me. Where will her supporters go this fall? That remains to be seen. In the meantime, Haley says she's just excited to go back to being a private citizen.We will send it back to you.CAVUTO: Bill Melugin, thank you, my friend.Want to go right now to Bryan Llenas. He is with all the Trump forces in West Palm Beach, Florida.And, Bryan, the big question now is, does the former president even see the need to reach out not only Nikki Haley, but her supporters? What are you hearing?BRYAN LLENAS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, absolutely, that is going to be a big question.And I think part of that, winning over those independent voters and moderate voters, will be the debates. And former President Donald Trump just less than an hour ago said -- the same person who said that he would not debate his Republican rivals is now challenging President Biden to debate, even saying that it doesn't matter who hosts the debates, even if it's the Democratic National Committee.He wrote this on TRUTH Social -- quote -- "It is important for the good of our country that Joe Biden and I debate issues that are so vital to America and the American people. Therefore, I am calling for debates any time, anywhere, any place."Earlier today, Trump reacted to Haley's decision to drop out of this race without endorsing him by writing -- quote -- "Nikki Haley got trounced last night in record-seeking fashion. And I would further like to invite all of the Haley supporters to join the greatest movement in the history of our nation."Now, last night, Trump called on the Republican Party to come together. Today, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell endorsed Trump, despite years of animosity, including personal attacks against McConnell's Asian American wife, Elaine Chao, who Trump mocked as Coco Chao and called China-loving.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): I said in February of 2021, shortly after the attack on the Capitol, that I would support President Trump if he were the nominee of our party, and he obviously is going to be the nominee of our party.(END VIDEO CLIP)LLENAS: President Biden and the DNC have $80 million cash on hand. That's double the cash the Trump campaign and the RNC have.The New York Times reports former President Trump met with billionaire Elon Musk and some other wealthy donors in Palm Beach on Sunday to try to raise more cash. Musk posted this morning, though -- quote -- "Just to be super clear, I am not donating money to either candidate for U.S. president."Both Trump and Biden will be hosting dueling rallies in Georgia on Saturday ahead of the primary there -- Neil.CAVUTO: Bryan, thank you very much for that.Bryan Llenas in West Palm Beach.Let's go to Lee Carter right now, GOP pollster, excellent read of where things stand.Lee, it's very clear right now that there's still a little bit of bad blood between the former president and Nikki Haley. Obviously, that missive that he sent out from the TRUTH Social didn't sound like a warm and cuddly one. Now, he's got to reach out to her voters, but a lot of people say within the Trump camp, no, we don't. She doesn't -- didn't have that many, and we don't need to pay that much attention.What are you hearing?LEE CARTER, REPUBLICAN POLLSTER: Well, I think that he's not going to make an overt effort in any kind of way, but I think he already did.He reached out to them in his own way. He couldn't help but comment on Nikki Haley, but he said, but, you know what, come on into the tent to her supporters, and I think that's what we're going to see more of. He's onwards, and he wants everybody else to get on the Trump train.So I don't think that he's going to be making any nuanced offerings to reach out to these folks, but I certainly think he's going to invite everybody into the train.CAVUTO: Yes.CARTER: And the truth of the matter is, as much as people say that they didn't vote for Nikki Haley, they're not going to vote for Donald Trump, you can't help but wonder what's going to happen.They're not exactly going to go out in numbers and start supporting Joe Biden.CAVUTO: Yes, and then, by the way, we're going to get into this a little later, but Joe Biden and the White House, they're working hard to get some of them to come over, so I don't know who's going to win that out.Do you think -- and you look at these numbers in every detail. It's one thing for Donald Trump to be running away with the Republican nomination. It's quite another to win over maybe the independents and others who've been leery of him, and maybe less so now, but they're still leery.So how crucial will that be? What type of efforts does he need to make?CARTER: Well, I think his speech last night, he hit on a couple things that are really, I think, so important.He talked about energy independence. He talked about immigration. He talked about the economy. Those are the things that are most important. And when you talk to voters out there and across the board, this isn't just Republicans, this includes independents, Donald Trump wins issues that are most important to the American voters.And he needs to focus on those, rather than going back to January 6 and trying to litigate what happened then and also trying to litigate what happened with the last election. When he focuses on how strong economy can be, when he focuses on strengthening and securing our border, when he talks about making America great again, that's when he rallies people together.Otherwise, he creates a whole lot of divisions. So, I'm not going to say that he's ever been a disciplined messenger, but when he does focus on those things that matter most to American people, that's when he wins.CAVUTO: Let me ask you a little bit about Nikki Haley and what role she might play in his campaign, even to help him out there on the stump.When I talked to her last, we were raising the whole V.P. thing. She had always pooh-poohed that and Then up until the very end still seemed to. This is Nikki Haley. I want you to react.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: They get a little nervous when you criticize Donald Trump because they think you would make a great running mate.Now, of course, who knows how that will go. A lot of people say it would be perfect because you could get him the independents and the kind of support he would need in a general election. He seems to rule you out. You seem to rule that out. But if he were to ask, what would you do?HALEY: I am not interested. I am not interested in being vice president. I am running to be president.CAVUTO: If the lineup of matches is such that it doesn't favor you and it's looking like an impossible battle and smarter, cooler heads maybe start saying Trump/Haley, that makes sense, that's a winning ticket, what do you say?HALEY: This is what I will tell you, Neil. I will let you know. Maybe I will give you a tip or first heads-up when I pick my vice president. How about that?(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Well, she doesn't have to worry about that right now, I think it's fair to say.(LAUGHTER)CARTER: No, she doesn't.CAVUTO: That, maybe give them the past history here, that Donald Trump won't even be considering her, but what do you think? CARTER: You know, I don't think it's likely, although anything's possible.CAVUTO: Right.CARTER: Remember in 2016 how many people hated each other. Ted Cruz and Donald Trump were never -- I mean, they were going neck and neck.CAVUTO: True.CARTER: He was going after his wife, and then he ended up -- he ended up supporting Donald Trump and they ended up going -- and, also, you never would have expected Mike Pence to be somebody with team up with Donald Trump.So it could be an unlikely pairing. You never, never know. But I think that what's most important to Donald Trump this time, unlike 2016, where he really needed somebody to balance him out, I, think in this case, he really needs someone that's viewed as a successor. Who is going to be the next person to lead this movement?So I think it's less likely to be Nikki Haley and more likely to be someone like maybe Sarah Huckabee, Elise Stefanik. I think there's some others that are out there. Tim Scott obviously is another clear choice. But I would not be surprised.Anything and everything can and will happen when it comes to Donald Trump. So you never know.CAVUTO: Yes, bitter, bitter rivals can join forces. I always think of JFK and LBJ. Who'd a thunk, as they said at the time.CARTER: That's right.CAVUTO: Great seeing you again, Lee. Thank you very much.CARTER: Thank you.CAVUTO: Lee Carter on all of that.Eric Levine now back with us, the early, early backer of one Nikki Haley. He was with her right to the bitter end. He wasn't one of these who said after one race, all right, I'm out of here. He joins me right now.So you're disappointed.ERIC LEVINE, REPUBLICAN DONOR: Clearly.CAVUTO: It's Donald Trump's Republican Party now. Will you support him?LEVINE: So I think the starting point is, does he want my support? If he reaches out to me and he convinces me that he's the right guy, then perhaps.CAVUTO: What does he have to do?LEVINE: Well, first thing he has to do is invite me back. He has to tell me that he's about the future and not the past.CAVUTO: When you say invite you back, not personally, but just to upset independent Republicans?LEVINE: Well, if he wants to call me personally, that'd be fine too. But...CAVUTO: Well, he's not going to do that.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: So -- so...LEVINE: Yes, but I -- but, to your point...CAVUTO: You don't want him to suck up to you, though, right?LEVINE: No, I just -- I want -- look, his statement of you're permanently barred from MAGA world if you have donated to birdbrain Nikki Haley, those are not ways to...CAVUTO: So you're still angry, you're still bitter?LEVINE: I'm not persuaded he can win. And I am a little disappointed.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: Yes.LEVINE: But let's be clear. The option is not voting for Joe Biden. So the question for people like me is, do we vote for Trump or do we stay home? And then what do we do now?So the worst possible result is a Joe Biden presidency, a Chuck Schumer leader, and a Hakeem Jeffries speaker. The best way to defeat that trifecta, in my view, is to help Republicans retake the Senate. The map is great for us. We have a real good shot at doing that. I have hosted events for Tim Sheehy, for Jim Banks. I have one for Dave McCormick this month, Larry Hogan in May.And if we can win back the Senate, we have got a long way to making sure...CAVUTO: So you go into the voting booth, and it sounds like it's possible you pick every position except president.LEVINE: Look, if Trump doesn't want my vote -- if he wants to tell me that he wants to get out of NATO, I'm not going to support him. We have got to stay in NATO.If he tells me that he believes that January 6 was a righteous protest, he's not going to get my vote.CAVUTO: Well, he hasn't changed his mind on those two issues. So it sounds like he doesn't care about your vote.LEVINE: He may not. And if he doesn't care about my vote, why should I vote for him?CAVUTO: OK.So it's right after. I get that. And your candidate who you really wanted to win didn't. So what do you do? It sounds like you don't vote for president.LEVINE: I will vote for president. And I'm waiting to see...CAVUTO: It sounds like in that scenario you go for Joe Biden.LEVINE: I will not vote for Joe Biden.CAVUTO: OK, so it's Donald Trump.LEVINE: Donald Trump has to ask for my vote back, generally speaking.CAVUTO: Right.LEVINE: And he has...CAVUTO: He's not going to do that. So what do you do?LEVINE: Well, if he doesn't want my vote, then it's an academic question.CAVUTO: It isn't an academic, because I have -- must have the thickest skull in the world. I don't know what the hell you're going to do. Are you going to not vote for Donald Trump?LEVINE: Look, as I said...CAVUTO: He's not going to reach out to you. I doubt it. He might. He might. But...LEVINE: Look, if Donald Trump doesn't retract his statement about telling NATO nations I'm going to tell Russia to do whatever the hell they want to you, there's no reason for me to vote for Donald Trump.If I want a failed foreign policy, I can vote for Joe Biden.CAVUTO: But you just said you're not going to vote for Joe Biden.LEVINE: I won't. That's what I'm saying, but if that -- if that's what I'm looking for.CAVUTO: You're not going to vote for either.LEVINE: That may well be the case.CAVUTO: This is like an Abbott and Costello thing. Who's on first?LEVINE: Well, I know who's on first.CAVUTO: OK, all right. We shall see.Very good seeing you again, Eric. We will see whether the president, former president, calls you up.Eric Levine following that, still a Nikki Haley donor, and not exactly sanguine with the guy who's looking like the likely nominee right now.In the meantime, want to take to the corner of Wall and Broad today. If I had to give you a choice with me who was more to move markets, Nikki Haley stepping out or that guy Jerome Powell of the Federal Reserve stepping in to say that interest rates are still coming down, he didn't give an exact time frame, but he was optimistic that they would.So, Nikki Haley, nothing for the markets, but it's fair to say that Jerome Powell did a lot for the markets and helped boost technology stocks as well on the optimism that's building over interest rates coming down and the financial environment just moving up, up, up, up, up.All right, in the meantime, when we come back, we're going to take a look right now at how the president of the United States is preparing for his big State of the Union address, particularly when it comes to border issues, because that is probably front and center for Chip Roy, the thing he wants to hear most about -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JERROLD NADLER (D-NY): This bill is a rinse-and-repeat of the majority's unserious attempt to keep immigration in the news.REP. MICHAEL BURGESS (R-TX): This problem is not an immigration reform problem. This is a border security problem.REP. JIM MCGOVERN (D-MA): This is not a solution. This is a ploy to exploit a terrible tragedy.REP. RALPH NORMAN (R-SC): It's really an embarrassment to say this is being grandstanding. Tell that to the family.REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): The American people have had it, and had it with a Congress that refuses to do its job to check an executive which is lawless and out of control, and that Americans are dying as a result of it, namely Ms. Riley from Georgia.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: All right, you know that Chip Roy and a lot of other Republicans, obviously a good number of Democrats as well, furious over what's going on at the border right now.It goes from bad to worse and what he wants to hear from the president tomorrow night in the State of the Union address. He is coming up.First to Peter Doocy at the White House on what we're learning about what could be in that address.To you, sir.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Neil, we are learning that President Biden is going to tinker with the copy until tomorrow night, when he steps up to the microphone with the huge audience.But -- so, because they have got that much time, it's unclear if they are going to look at the exit polls last night, see that border and immigration are more and more important in -- with key constituencies, and add any of that.It doesn't sound like they are going to add any big announcements about an executive action on immigration.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: No executive action would have been able to have the impact that bipartisan proposal would have had.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Officials say they congratulate the one Democrat who beat Biden last night, Jason Phillips (sic) in American Samoa.They have less to say so far about Dean Phillips dropping out and backing Biden, and they are not ready to commit to sharing a stage with Donald Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Now that the field is down to two, is President Biden going to commit to a debate with Donald Trump?JEAN-PIERRE: That's something for the campaign to speak to.DOOCY: Well, we know when the debates are going to be. We know where they're going to be. Is he going to go?JEAN-PIERRE: You should speak to the campaign.DOOCY: In 2020, once it got down to one-on-one, Joe Biden said, "I can hardly wait to debate him." How about now?JEAN-PIERRE: I'm going to sound like a broken record. You should reach out to the campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Just a few minutes after that exchange in the Briefing Room, Donald Trump wrote on TRUTH Social that he wants to debate Biden anywhere at any time, even if that debate is hosted by the Commission on Presidential Debates.Remember, that had been a big sticking point for Republicans, apparently not anymore -- Neil.CAVUTO: It is odd, though. Donald Trump didn't debate any of his Republican opponents. He's obviously keen on this, but we will see what happens.Great job, Peter. I appreciate that.Chip Roy joins us right now, the Texas congressman, what he makes of all of this back-and-forth, particularly when it comes to the border.Congressman, the president is going to sort of blame you guys tomorrow night, that seems fair to say, that you had this bipartisan quasi-deal, and it fell apart, and it's all your fault. That's essentially how it's going to come out. What do you say?REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): Well, Neil, I think you have got a pretty good handle on it.I just came out of the House Judiciary Committee, where we saw a preview from our Democratic colleagues of what they're going to try to do, I think, tomorrow. What you will not hear from the president of the United States tomorrow in the House chamber, where I'm just standing right outside of right now, you will not hear him talking about Laken Riley.You will not hear him talk about their lives. You will not hear him talking about the 2-year-old who was killed in Montgomery County right outside of D.C. or the young lady who was raped in Louisiana by someone who was here illegally.All of these individuals released into the United States under this president's broken policies. He's not going to want to talk about that human face. He's going to want to try to hide behind legislation that, as you know, was being worked on in the Senate, yes, bipartisan, but with very few actual supporters who knew border security policy.Once you looked under the hood and you understand border security policy, and you realize that it's attached to an $80 billion Ukraine bill, and you realize that, when you see the language, it's going to codify the mass releases, right, the alternatives to detention, which is littered throughout the bill, that the catch-and-release, they all had exceptions.All of the asylum fixes had exceptions. You realize that the bill was actually going to make things worse. And, Neil, you will appreciate this, right? My colleagues will say, you guys are just doing the bidding of Donald Trump.Well, you know me pretty well. I mean, I don't really go around doing the bidding of Donald Trump. I'm happy to say when he's doing the right thing, I'm happy to say when he's doing the wrong thing. Same thing with my Republican colleagues and Democrat. I opposed the bill because it was bad. I think President Trump opposed the bill because it was bad, not because he wanted political points to be able to run on this through the fall.It was just a bill that wasn't going to get the job done. So you will see that tomorrow. Our job is to make clear, look, we passed H.R.2, it would do the job. We need to keep moving forward to try to get actual legislation to force the president to act.CAVUTO: You know, Congressman, you mentioned the president. And you're quite right. You were supporting Ron DeSantis for president, and that got Donald Trump upset. So, you call it as you see them. So I respect that.But I did want to get your take on Donald Trump and Joe Biden, whether they ever debate. This could be the first time since 1972 that we don't have presidential debates. Now, back then, it worked out fine for incumbent Richard Nixon. He had avoided the same thing when he first ran for president in 1968 after his loss to John F. Kennedy, but it was maybe because of his experience in those debates with John Kennedy that he swore never to debate again.It worked fine for him. So maybe the Biden folks are figuring no debate will work fine for him. What do you think?ROY: Well, I mean, I'm certainly -- if I were somebody that was advising President Biden, I wouldn't want him out in full public view either.I certainly wouldn't want him to have to go head to head on the stage. Now, I was critical of former President Trump for not agreeing to debate Governor DeSantis or Governor Haley, for that matter. I think we should have had them on the stage. I think the American people deserve that. They certainly deserve it when you're down to the nominees for the two respective parties.So, of course, I think they should debate. He's the sitting president of the United States running against the former president of the United States, almost assuredly, unless something strange happens. And so they should debate in front of full view for the American people to see.I think you will see President Trump energized, as he was in 2016. I have had my differences of opinion, but this is a guy who knows what we need to do about securing the border. He knows what we need to do to get the economy going again. President Biden, on the other hand, I'm not even sure he knows where he is. And I don't say that flippantly, Neil.It actually hurts. He is our president, even if I disagree with him violently. But he clearly is not all there. And most of the people around him, radical progressive Democrats, are propping him up. So, I'd like to see them on the stage head to head dueling it out on issues that the American people care about.CAVUTO: While I have you, Congressman, this U.S. House bill that will apparently fund parts of the government and avoid a shutdown, it's apparently getting more and more support.I don't know if it's bipartisan support, but it's support. What do you think of that? Where are you on this whole avoid a protracted shutdown? Because what we have got now keeps us going for another week or two.ROY: Sure. Yes.Well, I just voted no, and then I ran out here to come do the interview with you. I hope I'm not missing another vote here. But, look, we -- I don't know. I mean, this bill will spend money that we don't have. It busts the caps that were passed on a bipartisan basis last year. It will not move the important policy priorities that we put in place.For example, in the transportation bill, we had language in there that would have said, you don't get money if you're a sanctuary city. And if you have a sanctuary city, you're not working with ICE, you don't get the money. So those are the kinds of policies riders that I think should have been a part of this package, minimal things that would have made this better if you're going to bust the caps and spend money greater than Nancy Pelosi's levels.I want to be clear. No matter what my Republican colleagues say, we continue to spend money at a greater level. Now, you and I both know we're racking up a trillion dollars a debt every 100 days. We are spending more on interest than defense today.We will be spending a trillion dollars in interest in 2026. We have to do something about it. You and I would both agree, mandatory spending, Medicare, Social Security, we all need to deal with those complicated issues. But how on earth are my colleagues going to say that they're going to address those issues if they don't -- if they're not willing to go take on the easy things, like the United Nations or UNRWA that's funding Hamas?CAVUTO: All right.ROY: So we need to do those things. And, hopefully, we will.CAVUTO: All right, I know you have to go vote and do all that stuff. So we appreciate the time.Chip Roy, good seeing you again.ROY: Thanks, Neil. God bless.CAVUTO: All right.By now, you might be getting sick of hearing the name Fani Willis and just where and how long does this battle over whether she should still be a prosecutor to go on? Maybe not much longer. We will explain -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Pretty safe to say that Nikki Haley, though out of the race, is not likely to be Donald Trump's running mate, but there is another fellow getting a good deal of attention. His first name is Vivek.I want you now to do your homework and figure out the last name -- next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, you know you're kind of losing your legal case when the guy you really want to target, Donald Trump, isn't the focus of attention. You are.The Georgia prosecutor Fani Willis' love life still back in the news, and it can't go away from the news.Jonathan Serrie has more now from Atlanta -- Jonathan.JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi there.We're at the Georgia Statehouse right now, where, earlier today, a Georgia Senate committee met. Republican leaders of that committee say they're trying to determine whether DA Fani Willis misused public funds. Their only witness that they called on was Ashleigh Merchant, who's trying to have Willis disqualified from prosecuting the Georgia election interference case because of her romantic relationship with Nathan Wade, the special prosecutor she hired.Last month, Willis and Wade testified in court that their relationship did not become romantic until after she hired him, but Merchant says cell phone data placed the two in the same Atlanta area condominium overnight before he was hired.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ASHLEIGH MERCHANT, ATTORNEY FOR MIKE ROMAN: So it's pinging from his house all the way down to the condo at midnight, 1:00 a.m. And then -- and he calls her when he gets there and then it goes silent for four or five hours.And then, early in the morning hours, he starts pinging again, driving back, and then he texts her when he gets home. So...UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And this is before he gets hired in November of '21.MERCHANT: Yes.(END VIDEO CLIP)SERRIE: Merchant also said that Willis attended an event with Vice President Kamala Harris before Mr. Trump was indicted.A White House official tells FOX News it was a large event honoring Black History Month. There were hundreds of black dignitaries present. Fani Willis was just one of them and that the vice president did not get the opportunity to talk directly with her -- Neil.CAVUTO: All right, thank you very much for that.One of these days, it's going to be resolved. The judge has, what, about another week to decide one way or the other how to go on this.All right, when we come back, the search now for a number two for one Donald J. Trump. Safe to say that, with a little bit of continued bad blood between he and Nikki Haley, the search is on for someone else, maybe someone who was also running for the presidency.Vivek Ramaswamy is next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, with Nikki Haley now formally out of the presidential race, Donald Trump is the last man standing.And right now on the verge, maybe next week, maybe the week after at the latest, of securing the Republican nomination and the 1,215 delegates he will need to make that all happen, Vivek Ramaswamy, who was also running for president, kind enough to join us right now.Vivek, good to have you back.VIVEK RAMASWAMY (R), FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: It's good to see you.CAVUTO: Let me get your sense of -- Donald Trump says the party has never been more united.As you know, Nikki Haley disputed that and said her voters and supporters, so far predisposed to not support him, would not agree with that. What do you think?RAMASWAMY: Look, I actually look one step beyond the party, Neil.I see an opportunity to unite the country as a whole. One of the messages that Donald Trump has delivered in recent weeks that I really like is that success will be our vengeance, that success itself is unifying. And if you travel across this country from rural communities to the inner cities to suburban communities, black to white and even Democrat or Republican, most Americans agree that we need a secure southern border.Most Americans agree that we don't want prices to continually rise while wages have remained flat. And I think that those are unifying issues, the very issues that Donald Trump is running on, that not only unites a Republican Party.Are there some fissures in the Republican Party on foreign policy and other issues? Sure. But now moving to a general election, the deeper question is how do we unite all Americans around the basic values and the basic issues that 80 percent of this country agrees on?And I think there's an opportunity to win in a landslide like what Reagan delivered in 1980 and 1984. That's what I believe Donald Trump can deliver if we get this right between now and November.CAVUTO: Do you get a sense that Donald Trump has the DNA to do that, in other words, to be a unifier, to be magnanimous, to stop the name-calling and that kind of stuff?Because that is what holds a good many Americans back. They do like what he did in office, or a good many of them. But when it comes to pulling the lever and realizing that taunting and some of his less warm and fuzzy parts, that that's where they draw the line. What about you?RAMASWAMY: Well, look, I think there's two things I'd say in response to that, Neil.First, most Americans know, judge a man not by his words, but by his actions, and for the better in Donald Trump's case. When you look at that first term, he kept us out of foreign wars and he grew the economy, two things that Americans really wish for now, with an economy where they have struggled and on the brink of potentially major conflicts around the world.Look at a man who's actually done the job. And for the first time in American history, we have -- and I say this as a scientist -- a control -- as somebody at least who was in the biotech world, a controlled experiment, OK? You have four years of Biden and you have four years of Trump.Compare the two when it comes to international stability, economic growth, and border security. People will be able to make their choice based on results and action.But to your point about words and even about communication, I thought the way that Trump actually handled that press conference, that announcement after the Supreme Court decision was actually elegant, and, dare I say, inspiring for the country, casting that decision as a decision about national unity.And that's actually what it was. The Supreme Court basically said, are we one nation? If we are, we have to be one nation that elects one president on all of the ballots, all the candidates have to be listed, or else we're not a country, we're a patchwork of states.And I think Donald Trump came off of that not with a message of grievance, but with a message going to the heart of what that ruling on Monday was all about. It was about national unity. So, yes, most importantly, in the context of action and track record, and you have that controlled experiment of four years of Trump versus four years of Biden, that's what's most important.But even in these recent weeks, talking about the importance of free speech and national unity, I do think that's been the correct step in a right direction that could deliver that unifying landslide, Neil.And I'm going to do everything in my part to make that happen as well, and I'm optimistic for what can happen.CAVUTO: When you say everything on your part, people realize you're a very successful businessman, a biotech entrepreneur, and you have made hundreds of millions of dollars.We're told that Donald Trump has asked Elon Musk for some support. I don't if that's true or not. Elon Musk saying, he's not giving to either Joe Biden nor Donald Trump. I'm just wondering, if he were to go to you and say, all right, can you loan my campaign some money, what would you say?RAMASWAMY: So, look, Donald Trump is not in need of anybody else's help or anything else.He's in the pole position to do this well. Every one of us has to look at ourselves in the mirror and ask how we play our part.CAVUTO: But he does need money, Vivek. He does need maybe. Every campaign needs money.RAMASWAMY: And in my case -- and, look, I think -- and the beauty of this is, you have grassroots supporters. That's actually been the character of the America first movement.It isn't a movement of just big check writers, as it is for much of the Democratic Party and the establishment wing of the Republican Party. Say no to the politics of yesterday. Say no to the puppetry. The beauty of that America first movement, including what propelled Donald Trump and the America first movement forward, was a bottom-up rising -- was a bottom-up uprising.I was actually honored, even in my campaign to see, Neil. I would travel this country, ask people, if you ask for $10 to farmers in Iowa, they might give you $100. If you ask people for a dollar to get you on the debate stage, they will give you $10 if they believe in your message.And that's what this country is really about. It's about we the people selecting our leaders, not a small group of oligarchs or corporatocratic autocrats deciding who runs the country. And, in my case, I have been about as vocal of a supporter of our America first principles as I could be over the campaign over the last year.CAVUTO: All right.RAMASWAMY: And I don't plan to stop this year until we actually secure victory.CAVUTO: So you would think about the money thing, but you're not doing it now?RAMASWAMY: I'm going to be a vocal supporter, Neil.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: All right.RAMASWAMY: And each of us has -- there's a lot of businessmen on the sidelines. I'm focused on the front lines.CAVUTO: Fair enough.RAMASWAMY: And some of us have chosen to get in the arena, and that's where I'm playing.CAVUTO: Got it.Vivek, always good seeing you.Vivek Ramaswamy, a former presidential candidate and, who knows, down the road, maybe something else. We will watch that very closely.Also watching what's going on with these Houthi rebel attacks. There'd always been the fear, with all the attacks, at least they hadn't killed anyone -- that is, until now.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Want to take you to Philadelphia, where it's happened again, at least seven injured in Philadelphia. It was a bus shooting.We don't know much more than that, but it's the fourth such gunfire incident in the transit system there in as many days. It took place in the afternoon in the Northeastern neighborhood. And we don't know what started this. We do know that this has gotten to be a common theme. Authorities there are going to update folks in just a few minutes. We will keep you posted on that.Meanwhile, speaking of violence, a very different kind, but one you're getting used to as well, certainly around the Red Sea area, where Houthi rebels have been striking ship after ship and cargo containers after cargo containers. But the one lament has been, as awful as this is, at least no one's been killed. Well, two have now.The latest from General Jack Keane, the U.S. four-star general, FOX News senior strategic analyst and much more.I don't know how the Houthis are able to keep doing this, and this time to kill folks on another foreign carrier. But the fact is that they have, and we can't seem to stop them, General. What do you think?GEN. JACK KEANE (RET.), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: Yes, well, certainly, I totally agree it was just a matter of time until someone got - - was killed.We have got a ship sunk and we have got certainly several damaged, and we have got at least 50 percent of the traffic going through the Suez Canal and the Red Sea that is halted and going around the whole Horn of Africa, so major disruptions to the global supply line that we have been talking about for some time now.I think we have got to rethink this thing a little bit with the Houthis. Obviously, they have a lot more rockets and missiles and capability than likely we expected. They certainly have the will to continue doing it. We have been talking about disrupting the Houthis.I think it's time to change the mission to destroy this capability and conduct a sustained campaign to do that. And I would not rule out conducting on-the-ground raids by our special operation forces.I mean, for our audience to understand, in Yemen, where all of this is coming from, before the Houthis deposed the country and the government that was friendly to the United States, we had a south base in Yemen that we used to conduct attacks from against the Al Qaeda.And since that time, that base has been gone, and we have conducted attacks continuously against the Al Qaeda in the Yemen, so we know how to do this. And I think that the mission should be changed. And let's take the rockets, the missiles away, the launch systems, their command-and-control, and the guidance systems, and just change the mission from disrupt to destroy.Let the CENTCOM figure out a campaign to do that, and let's go after this thing more significantly than what we're doing.CAVUTO: General, thank you very much. We will watch it closely.General Jack Keane on those developments.Again, want to update you what's going on in Philadelphia right now with this shooting. We don't know what started it. We do know that this is the fourth time in as many days there's been a shooting in a Philadelphia transit system. This was on a bus. Four were injured. We know in the case of those four that it might not be life-threatening. The other three, we're not quite so sure, but we will keep you posted on that.And when we come back, keeping you posted on how the president of the United States plans to get ready for his big address to the country, his State of the Union address. We're told right now that he's making an effort to reach out even to disaffected Nikki Haley voters, who feel that they can't vote for Donald Trump. So Joe Biden is saying, vote for me.Why Chris Coons, the guy who's co-chairing in the head of that campaign, says he has a good argument to make -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, I don't know what you would call this. After Super Tuesday, maybe it's going to be a super Thursday, or at least super high- pressure speech for the president of the United States on Thursday, State of the Union, an opportunity for the president to lay out his plans, not only to deal with the border and some of these other issues, but to prove to Americans he's not some doddering old guy.Chris Coons, the senator from the fine state of Delaware, is the Biden election campaign co-chair.Senator, always good to see you.SEN. CHRIS COONS (D-DE): Great to be with you, Neil. Thanks for having me on.CAVUTO: You know the pressure, and you have dealt with it from all types of networks and reporters asking you the same thing. Is the president up to this job?He has his old man moments. And a lot of people are beginning to have serious doubts about that, including a majority within your own party. What do you say?COONS: So we will see on Thursday once again President Biden give a forceful and commanding presentation of what he's gotten done.In his first three years, he's accomplished more than most presidents can do in two terms. I was just campaigning in Michigan last weekend, Neil. And what's striking is, on the ground, the folks I was listening to, the impact on their lives of advanced manufacturing plants, of new investments in infrastructure, of a double-digit wage increase for autoworkers.The communities I was in Michigan are feeling and seeing the impact on their lives. They didn't ask me, is Joe Biden too old to be president? They asked me, can we work together to finish the job in the next four years?CAVUTO: There is, as you know, Senator, great disappointment among some.A majority of Americans were polled into the subject, what do you think of the two in this race? In a nation of 340-plus million Americans, it's down to them again. And they're frustrated. What do you tell them?COONS: I tell them they should get happier about recycling, because we're recycling the same candidates from 2020.But there is a big difference. We know a lot more about Donald Trump and we know a lot more about Joe Biden. I believe that Joe Biden's 50 years of experience helping lead our nation in the Senate and as vice president have shown forth in how he's tackled this critical moment, mobilizing our global network of alliances to come to Ukraine's aid as they fight bravely against Russian aggression, engaging to support Israel after the brutal attack by Hamas, but also to work with the region to come up with a path forward that might craft a regional peace plan.And...CAVUTO: But those same accomplishments, though, Senator, no offense to you, have backfired on him.Even when you talk about Israel support, even within his party, your party, and that even with the success he's had in the economy, you're quite right, a good many of economic numbers are turning around, very few giving him credit for it. What do you think?COONS: Well look, back to the story of Michigan, when you get a chance to talk with folks and say that new Corning plant that just opened with 1,100 jobs, that new work that's going on in downtown Detroit, where they have the lowest unemployment in 50 years, that happened because of the bipartisan bills that President Biden signed into law.He signed into law the biggest support for our veterans in history, the most important gun safety bipartisan bill in our history, the biggest investment in community mental health.But, Neil, to your point, lots of Americans don't connect those positive steps forward in their lives with action by Congress and the president. That's what the campaign is for.So, for the months that come ahead, I expect Donald Trump will keep talking about grievance, trying to relitigate the 2020 election, trying to kick the pro-Nikki Haley voters out of the party and say he doesn't want them. And Joe Biden will talk about how he successfully brought us together, laid the groundwork for a great recovery.CAVUTO: Apparently, the president is not going to take that route. I mean, we're told that the plan is to just really rattle Donald Trump to see him blow up or whatever. Is that true, that this is going to be about pique his anger?COONS: I do think that he will lay out a sharp contrast, and it's an easy contrast to make. When Donald Trump was president, he talked about manufacturing every week, but never actually delivered on a big bill that advanced either infrastructure or manufacturing.Joe Biden's got a great and strong record to run on. So I do think he will draw a sharp contrast. I do think he will talk about the border and how, in his first State of the Union, President Biden called on us in Congress to pass the laws that would give him the skills, the tools, the ability, the authorities to actually deal with our broken immigration system.And in the supplemental, he asked for $20 billion to deal with fentanyl, to hire more Border Patrol agents, and to fund more deportation flights.CAVUTO: And then the big thrust of that is blame Republicans for not acting on it. That will be a tough sell, but we will see how it goes tomorrow night.Senator Coons, always good seeing you. Thank you very much.That will do it here."The Five" right now.THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.