NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: You are looking live at the Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan.No word yet whether that might be on the auction block for a former president who has to put up $454 million in six days to make good on money that he has to pay up front in that fraud case. What is remarkable about this is that Donald Trump has tried and stretched far and wide to get some help on this, but he is getting zero help on this.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto. This is "Your World."Let's go right now to Eric Shawn outside the Trump Tower on the pickle he's in and the help he needs -- Eric.ERIC SHAWN, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Yes, it is a pickle, a big pickle, $450 million worth, and Donald Trump has six days.As you say, next Monday, the coming Monday, is the deadline for him to come up with that billion-dollar -- half-a-billion dollar bond or potentially lose this gleaming tower behind me, Trump Tower. This, of course, all comes back to the case that was against him, the civil fraud real estate, in which Judge Arthur Engoron ruled that the former president and the Trump Organization had to fork over the nearly half-a-billion dollar bond in order to satisfy that judgment.The judge ruled that the former president and his company illegally overvalued his real estate assets to get better loan rates. Well, Trump, though, is now asking a New York state appeals court to pause the judgment, at least for now, or see if they will accept a lower bond, not $450 million, but $100 million.The former president posted this on TRUTH Social, saying -- quote -- "Nobody has ever heard of anything like this before. I would be forced to mortgage or sell great assets, perhaps at fire sale prices. And if and when I win the appeal, they would be gone."If Trump does not come up with the money, Attorney General Letitia James, who brought the case, could freeze his bank accounts and also go after some of his real estate properties. Her office wrote this -- quote -- "There is significant risk that, absent a full bond or deposit, defendants will attempt to evade enforcement of the judgment or make enforcement more difficult after an appeal."But some lawyers we talk to say that the attorney general, well, she simply could wait for Trump's appeal process to play out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FRED TECCE, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: I think the more appropriate way for this to happen -- and it would require that, quite frankly, that the state attorney general's office act with some semblance of reasonableness - - and that is to make a deal where they allow Trump to use assets to secure the bond, as opposed to cash.(END VIDEO CLIP)SHAWN: You know, Neil, how they say cash is king. Well, in this case, it is.The insurance companies only accept cash, will only accept cash as collateral in Mr. Trump's case. And, clearly, since he doesn't have that, then can't get the his bond, lawyers say that they approached 30 insurance companies to back that bond, but all 30 said no -- Neil.CAVUTO: All right, thank you for that, Eric Shawn.Let's go to Charlie Gasparino. He knows a little bit about the hunt for help on this for the former president.Charlie, what can you tell us?CHARLIE GASPARINO, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Couple things from the Trump land. They're continuing to talk to banks and insurance companies to try to get that bond, to get it at a reasonable amount of money that he could put up.As of yet, none of his billionaire friends are ponying up money, from what I understand. I have been asking them. I mean, there are a lot of them. Bernie Marcus today, the former Home Depot founder, wrote an op-ed saying the country needs to rally around Trump.As of now I don't think Bernie's -- Bernie is worth six billion. I don't think he's given any...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: What is behind their reluctance?GASPARINO: It's as of now. So, let's see. It could change.CAVUTO: I understand that. Are they afraid that they might not see it any time soon, the money, if he even succeeds on appeal? What's the problem?GASPARINO: Yes, I mean, that's one thing.I mean, I think -- I don't want to speak for Bernie Marcus. That's for sure.CAVUTO: Sure.GASPARINO: But, just generally, Donald has a -- doesn't have a great record of paying back banks over the years and -- Donald Trump.So you can sort of surmise from that what you will. But if you think about it, he has friends, or did, like Steve Schwarzman over at BlackRock. He has Tom Barrack, the hedge fund billionaire. I mentioned Bernie, Howie Lorber. I mean, you can go down the list.You have got to ask yourself why they're not throwing him some bucks now, lending him some money. And maybe they will, but not so far.CAVUTO: Or maybe they're afraid of retribution from Letitia James' office.GASPARINO: Well, that's a good...CAVUTO: I mean, and the better part of valor is to stand back.GASPARINO: Yes, that's a good point, although, listen she runs the New York A.G.'s office, which has tremendous power.CAVUTO: Yes.GASPARINO: Because they have some -- she has something known as the Martin Act, which can really go after a lot of businesses.It's -- and the bar for intent is very low. So that's one thing, but some of these folks don't have really a lot of business in New York. I mean, Howie Lorber does, but I'm not sure what the other ones -- Bernie's essentially retired.So there's that issue. There's another issue here, though, and this could be really interesting. Trump's properties, if he has to turn them over to her because he doesn't have the cash for a bond, are encumbered by a lot of weird stuff, partnerships, limited partnerships. There is a thought here in Trump land, let's give her the properties and let this genius figure it out about, about unwinding these things and figuring out which part of these buildings is Trump's and which part is a limited partnership that isn't Trump.And then let's see if she could figure that out, because you can't encumber the whole asset if there's partners involved in that asset.CAVUTO: But even if you could, right, Charlie, even if you could, doesn't it boomerang on you?I mean, as you know, corporate real estate in general in this city is in real, real hot water.GASPARINO: Well, that's the other...CAVUTO: And, obviously, a fire sale, even a significant one of significant properties -- and his are among the most significant in the city -- that could do enormous damage and take a bad situation, real estate-wise, and make it even worse.If I'm New York Mayor Adams, I'm panicking over that.GASPARINO: It's something I brought up on your show, on FOX Business today.I believe that Mayor Adams, who I don't think has an adversarial relationship with the New York A.G., Tish James, is going to tell her, strike a deal, because if you're literally dumping this much real estate in a market that's horrendous right now, from what I understand, commercial real estate is not doing that -- is not doing well, and it's probably not going to do well for a long time.You're just really going to depress prices even more. It's going to hurt his budget. But she might not care. I mean, let's be real clear here. Tish James ran on the notion of finding something to nail on Donald Trump. It's really a -- I mean, for all intents and purposes, in my view, this is something that you should be disciplined for.Just think about it. Elect me and I will find the crime to -- on this guy, find something on this guy. And what she came up with was something pretty picayune, Donald bloviating in a bank loan application that had no material impact on the interest rate and everything else. They tried to say it does.The bank said no. Deutsche Bank, which lent the money, said, no, they did their own analysis. They don't care how he valued the assets.CAVUTO: Yes.GASPARINO: So, this is...CAVUTO: Bottom line, they were as scrupulous as he was on the other side...GASPARINO: Oh, yes.CAVUTO: ... making sure they could get their end of the bargain, which they did.GASPARINO: And they did. They did.CAVUTO: So no harm, no foul to any of the financial players.I don't know how this law came into being. It is what it is, but, wow, what a soap opera.Charlie...GASPARINO: Monday's going to be a fun day for news.CAVUTO: It is indeed.GASPARINO: That is the day that money is due.Charlie Gasparino.Thank you for that, Charlie.We have Kerri Kupec with us right now, FOX News legal editor, former counselor to Attorney General Bill Barr.Kerri, very good to have you.The significance of Monday and what has to happen Monday is what?KERRI KUPEC, FOX NEWS LEGAL EDITOR: I mean, he has to provide this money somehow. And Neil, it just shocks the conscience.And I don't think you have to be a lawyer or a business person to take a step back and say, OK, wait a second, the law in New York has never, in its history, been used against someone in this way. There were no victims. He paid back the loans.And yet, for blatant political, partisan reasons, this man is about to be crushed financially. You don't have to like Trump to just look at that and say, OK, this isn't fair. And I'm concerned, just as an American.If it happens to him, how could it not happen to me?CAVUTO: And then maybe help me with the legal side of this, Kerri. I mean, if he wins on appeal and can have this thrown out, then he's going to want to get his money back that he put up.It was based on the sale, potentially of distressed properties at distressed prices. So, just to get that back, it might be coming back to him at a lot less than the money he put in. There is that real risk. And I'm just wondering, to what end?KUPEC: It's a real risk.And his lawyers, I think, are making a very reasonable point when they say, if he has to sell these buildings and he wins on appeal, then how does he get those buildings back? I don't think that he can.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: And why so high, Kerri? Why so high? In other words, sometimes, they have these type of restrictions if you're a flight risk or going -- I know it's apples and oranges, but he's certainly not that. He's running for the highest office in the land.So, I just wonder why the 100 percent of the amount that you're being slapped, pay in a bond up front.KUPEC: Because the attorney general of New York wants to crush him. And that's not -- I don't think that's rhetoric. I don't think that's right- wing red meat. I think it's reality when we look at the facts here, because, to your point, Neil, it's not like the guy is going to flee the country.CAVUTO: Right.KUPEC: Everyone knows who Donald Trump is. He's running for president.So there's no risk of him jumping ship and taking his money with him. Everyone knows where to find him. And so I think the court could work out a deal with him to put up some of the money or maybe take his real estate as -- for the bond and things would be fair.And the fact that she is so determined, though, to get this from him is just -- it's a real abuse of the law.CAVUTO: And, Kerri, you're an excellent lawyer. I'm kind of a business nerd.I mean, this has business implications for the Big Apple. And commercial real estate is in a world of hurt, as I just outlined. If you're Mayor Adams, even if you're Governor Hochul, two prominent Democrats, you're nervous about the spillover effect of selling distressed properties on a distressed market at distressed prices that can add to the stress not only for the city financially, but the state financially.KUPEC: Totally.And it's already, like you said, in bad shape. I'm a native New Yorker, and I'm thinking if I'm in business and I'm a real estate developer, why in the world would I want to do business in New York at this point if the attorney general in New York state is willing to abuse the law in this way?And I was talking to someone over the weekend, not in D.C., not in politics, a woman who owns an elder care agency. She told me she liked Trump. And I said to her, oh, well OK. And I said, what do you think about the cases against him? Just because this is what I'm interested in.And she said -- immediately, she said, oh, they're not doing it to him. They're doing it to us.And it got me thinking. I think there are a lot of people out there who are thinking, look, if the former leader of the free world, a rich and powerful man can be potentially crushed in this way, what hope do I have?And I think that is a real concern for Americans, whether they're a Republican or a Democrat, and they're being intellectually honest, and they're looking at the situation unfolding in front of them.CAVUTO: Yes.And for the city itself, many who might want to say, all right, go after Donald Trump, go after Donald Trump...KUPEC: Yes.CAVUTO: ... you might rue the day you did, because, as this real estate goes, so go of the value of a lot of properties in and around the area.KUPEC: Right.CAVUTO: It has enormous repercussions, the likes of which I don't think the state attorney general calculated.But we will follow it closely, Kerri. So good talking to you.KUPEC: Thanks for having me.CAVUTO: All right, in the meantime, we're keeping an eye not only on what Donald Trump might or might not say about all of this -- we could find out this very hour -- but also what the president of the United States is doing or saying about this.He is on a campaign tour right now. The blitz is on out West.And that's where Jacqui Heinrich is following the latest -- Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, Neil, inflation continues to be one of the president's biggest challenges.He's been painting corporate greed as responsible for stubbornly high prices that are giving people less bang for their buck, painting greedy corporations as the boogeyman, really to blame for that. So, in Nevada, he's going to be announcing some new initiatives to try to bring down a big driver of inflation, housing costs.We will tell you the pitch that he's making and why it might not go anywhere -- coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, go West, young man.For the president of the United States, a slightly older man, he is going out West right now on a three-state blitz to try to get the word out, as he senses momentum is going his way, certainly, cash into campaign coffers going his way.Jacqui Heinrich has more from first stop there, Las Vegas -- JacquiHEINRICH: Hey, Neil.The president landed here in the state a couple hours ago. He's going to speak later this afternoon just down the street from here and make this new push with this announcement. It really has to do with housing.Overall, inflation is coming down, but housing prices are continuing to stay high. In fact, last month, housing accounted for two-thirds of the country's annual inflation. So the president is launching this big initiative to try to bring down the cost of housing for middle-class families and first-time homebuyers.But Congress is not likely to take up this legislation or any big legislative initiative in an election year. So the White House is hitting Republicans in their messaging on this as well. Listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The president's plan would build on the efforts we have already taken to lower housing costs by providing a $10,000 tax credit for first-time homebuyers, cracking down on corporate actions that rip off renters, and building and renovating more than two million homes.Republicans in Congress should pass the president's plan to lower housing costs, rather than try to cut taxes for the wealthy and large corporations.(END AUDIO CLIP)HEINRICH: Biden has long defended himself against criticism that his administration's spending fueled inflation, Biden countering that inflation is a global challenge in a post-pandemic world with a war raging in Europe.But, lately, he's also pinned more blame on corporate greed. This is part of an effort to explain away stubbornly high prices, which have driven his poor economic polling, polls which he also dismisses.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And, by the way -- and the press are all good guys. But...(APPLAUSE)BIDEN: But -- but they report a lot of polls. The last four polls out, we're winning, OK?(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)BIDEN: But guess what? None of these polls mean a damn thing this early on. So, we just got to keep at it.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: But it is not all about a second-term agenda here in Nevada.Biden is continuing to frame November's choice as one between a good guy and a bad guy, launching a new ad seizing on Trump's recent bloodbath comments, which the former president's team says were taken out of context and actually referring to the auto industry being decimated if Biden is reelected, not referring to political violence.Biden's campaign rejected that, though. They replied, saying that the voters take Trump at his word, and they believe that will continue to be the case. We expect that Biden will likely make MAGA extremism a piece of his campaign remarks on his Western swing -- Neil.CAVUTO: Jacqui, when he refers to these last four polls that show him winning, that is, the president -- that's what he says. What polls is he referring to? I'm not aware of it.HEINRICH: Well, if I had them, I would put them on the screen.(LAUGHTER)HEINRICH: I don't.CAVUTO: OK.HEINRICH: So, we often ask the president when he brings up these polls what he's referring to.CAVUTO: All right, thank you for that, Jacqui. Sorry to rudely interrupt you.Donald Trump voting. Today's the Florida primary. Of course, the race is all done right now, but he is voting in Palm Beach. We will expect him to make some remarks. In Florida, of course, he chased away all of the opponents, and it's just him right now. So this is already a kind of perfunctory here, but he might comment on all these developments concerning this bond and coming up with the amount of money he needs to come up to, about $454 million.Florida has been a very rewarding state for him. He won it not only last time in the general election, but the time before that. And Florida, over the years, has become more and more of a red state. Some will even like to think of ruby-red state.So we will see, again, if he says anything coming out of there, as he is on the verge of cementing the Republican nomination and moving on. His focus obviously has been all on Joe Biden, and Joe Biden's focus has been all on Donald Trump. So, again, if he comes out of there after voting, says anything will take you there.Bob Cusack with us right now, The Hill editor in chief.Bob, I mean, for the former president, the fact of the matter is, Florida is friendly territory. It's been friendly for him in the general election as well. I suspect polls continue to show him doing just as well this go- around, maybe even better as he brings more Hispanic, Latinos, and other groups that traditionally have been surging for Republicans, but really surging now.What's your take on the Sunshine State?BOB CUSACK, EDITOR IN CHIEF, THE HILL: Yes, I agree with you.It has basically become a red state, and Democrats keep trying to take it back, whether that's House or specifically Senate seats. But winning statewide is very difficult for Democrats now in Florida. Used to be not the case.And this is an interesting spot for the former president, remember, in 2016 and 2020, kind of down in the polls most of the time, closed the distance, pulled off the big upset in 2016. Now he's winning. And when you were talking to Jacqui, I don't know what polls the president, the current president, is looking at, but he is -- there are seven battlegrounds.And if you look at the averages from Decision Desk, he's losing all of them. It's very close, but he's zero for seven.CAVUTO: Yes, I just didn't know. I should have asked you as well. I don't know these four recent polls that which he's winning, but I'm sure they're out there. So we will see if he can produce them.But let me ask you a little bit, Bob, about where the race stands and the president's advantage. That is the present president.CUSACK: Yes.CAVUTO: He raised $54 million last month, something like that. And that's what Donald Trump has had to pay out on legal bills last year.So he has a distinct advantage, I believe 150-plus-million dollars cash on hand, you could do a lot of damage, a lot of campaign ads with that. I don't know how they're going to marshal that money. But more is coming in. That is a distinct advantage for him.CUSACK: Yes, Neil, no doubt about it. It is a huge advantage for the president.And the president does have some advantages. Obviously, abortion helped in the midterm Democrats, where the red wave didn't really materialize. IVF is obviously related to that. So Biden does have some advantages.But at the same time, sometimes, he gets a little defensive about whether it's the economy or polls. Embrace being an underdog, I think, is a better way to go. And also acknowledge -- where's the Bill Clinton part of, hey, I feel your pain? We didn't see a lot of that in the State of the Union.And, Neil, despite widespread praise, and I thought it was a pretty good speech at the State of the Union, he did not get a bump from that. So that's a concern for the White House.CAVUTO: Yes, you always think of these speeches. They're praised that night. Very few screw them up. I mean, but it's short-lived. It does seem to be kind of short-lived. It's like if I have a good show. It's short- lived. The people forget about it the very next day, even my family.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: It's kind of humiliating.Bob, good seeing you again. Thank you so much.CUSACK: Thanks, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, Bob Cusack on all of that.You probably heard about the Afghanistan withdrawal hearings today, what happened and why, what the president could have done, but didn't hearing from his top generals today, some embarrassing stuff being revealed, and some tragic stuff as well.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, we got the hat trick on Wall Street today, the Dow, the S&P 500, Nasdaq all advancing. In fact, we had the S&P 500 at another record, its 18th of the year, of course, this on the word that the Fed decision on interest rates comes tomorrow.What are they looking at? After this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: It could have been very different.Some of President Biden's top aides and generals at the time of the withdrawal from Afghanistan indicating today some things that were botched that could have avoided a lot of tragedy.The very latest from Aishah Hasnie on Capitol Hill attending that very hearing -- Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.Yes, that hearing continues at this hour, and it's been a very scathing report card for President Biden and this White House, as both of these retired generals are essentially blaming this administration, specifically, the State Department, for this botched withdrawal of Afghanistan, saying that all of the chaos that you saw happen live on air was rooted in bad policy decisions made by the president.Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEN. MARK MILLEY, CHAIRMAN, JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF: On 14 August, the noncombatant evacuation operation decision was made by the Department of State.It is my assessment that that decision came too late.GEN. FRANK MCKENZIE (RET.), FORMER COMMANDER, U.S. CENTRAL COMMAND: If there's fault, it lies in a policy decision that placed the joint force in this situation and exposed the force over time to the possibility of these kinds of attacks.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Now, both of these generals say they are here for the Gold Star families of those 13 U.S. service members that died at Abbey Gate.General McKenzie even went as far as to say he bears responsibility for what happened at that gate. And some of the family members are actually here today, including Steve Nikoui, who was arrested for shouting during President Biden's State of the Union address. He told me today, it's very stunning, that he's actually still facing charges for that incident and that the administration never reached out to him after that.Congressman Michael Waltz told me that he is working right now to get those charges dropped.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MICHAEL WALTZ (R-FL): I think Congress is going to get involved. I'm going to work with Darrell Issa. We're working with the sergeant at arms, the Capitol Police.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: Yes, the congressman, Issa, just told me as well that he has sent a letter over to the Capitol Police and he says that he will show up in D.C. court along with Nikoui if these charges don't get dropped -- Neil.CAVUTO: Thank you, Aishah, for that.Aishah Hasnie on Capitol Hill.With us now, Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina.Senator, this is all very sad when we reconstruct the events from the very generals who wanted to avoid them and warned about the path we were taking that created them. What did you think?SEN. THOM TILLIS (R-NC): Oh, I thought it was terrible.I remember questioning General Milley before his retirement in a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing. And I asked him very plainly. I said, you can claim that this is a tactical success because they moved a lot of people in a short period of time, but it was a strategic failure.And I think that, the more digging they do, the more mistakes they're going to identify. It was a great disservice to the men and women who served in Afghanistan, our NATO partners and allies who served there, lost people there. The president really made an enormous mistake when he accelerated the exit from Afghanistan and we're going to pay the consequences for decades.CAVUTO: All right, we're just going to leave you for a second, Senator.Donald Trump, after voting in Florida for the Florida primary, is speaking to reporters right now with Palm Beach. Let's listen.(JOINED IN PROGRESS)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: But that's the way it is. They treated him very, very badly.QUESTION: Will Paul Manafort come back to your campaign, sir?TRUMP: I don't know anything about it. But he was another person that was treated badly. And he was a patriot.But we will see what happens with that. We have a lot of people involved in the campaign. They have done a tremendous job. And based on the polls, we're doing extremely well, extremely well.QUESTION: Mrs. Trump, Mrs. Trump, are you going to return to the campaign trail with your husband?MELANIA TRUMP, FORMER FIRST LADY: Stay tuned.QUESTION: Stay tuned?QUESTION: Are you confident that you can pay $464 million (OFF-MIKE)TRUMP: I built a great company, one of the greatest companies anywhere in the country, especially when it comes to real estate, have some of the greatest assets in the world.And this is a rigged trial. This was a rigged trial by a crooked judge and a crooked attorney general. And we're fighting it out with them. We have a lot of cash and we have a great company, but they want to take it away or at least take the cash element away, billions of dollars in value, billions of dollars in properties.But they'd like to take the cash away, so I can't use it on the campaign. And this is just a corrupt group of people. It's election interference. And we will see how the courts rule on it.And I will be guided -- I will be guided...(CROSSTALK)TRUMP: Excuse me. I will be guided by the courts.QUESTION: (OFF-MIKE) President Trump, do you think Jewish people who vote Democrat hate their religion? Do you think Jewish people who vote Democrat...(CROSSTALK)TRUMP: I think that the Democrats have been very, very opposed to Jewish people, that's true, and to Israel.All you have to do is look at Senator Schumer. What he did with Israel is a disgrace. And I think Israel will probably not forget it very soon. It's a very sad situation.(CROSSTALK)QUESTION: Do you think a 16-week abortion ban is smart?(CROSSTALK)QUESTION: (OFF-MIKE)TRUMP: Say it -- what?QUESTION: What is your reaction to Vice President Pence (OFF-MIKE) endorse you?TRUMP: Oh, I couldn't care less. I couldn't care less.We need patriots. We need strong people in our country. Our country is going downhill very fast, very rapidly, millions of people coming across the border, coming from jails, from prisons, coming from mental institutions and insane asylum, terrorists. We need strong people in this country. We don't need weak people.QUESTION: Do you think a 16-week abortion ban is smart?TRUMP: We will be talking about that soon.QUESTION: How soon?TRUMP: We will be talking about it very soon.QUESTION: (OFF-MIKE) Jewish voters, Mr. President?TRUMP: Well, we're doing very well with the Jewish voter, it looks like, and we should do very well.If you look at all of our presidents, they're saying Trump was the best for Israel, by far the best for Israel. And we're doing very well with the Jewish voters, you can see in the polls.(CROSSTALK)QUESTION: (OFF-MIKE)TRUMP: They have to close the borders. Our country is dying. Our country is being overridden. We're -- this is an invasion. Our country is being invaded by people. Nobody even knows who they are, where they come from, millions of people, I predict 15 million people within a short period of time.Probably have 15 million people already. That's bigger than most states. And these people come from the wrong places. They're coming from very bad places. There's no checks. There's no balances. It's a disgrace. What's happening to our country is a disgrace.We have to close the border. Let people come in, but they have to come in legally.(CROSSTALK)TRUMP: Say it?QUESTION: How will you conduct a mass deportation?TRUMP: That will be very evident. It'll go very quickly. I will tell you that. It'll go, the deportation. We're going to get the criminals out of our country right away.Our country is being invaded. And many of these people are criminals. They're criminals. How can anybody do this? There's never been a president that's done such harm to a country as this president has done to our country. He's the worst president we have ever had.And I'm looking forward to November 5. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.CAVUTO: All right Donald Trump saying he's looking forward to November 5.Looks like he's going to say something.TRUMP: Somebody just ":Who'd you vote for?"Yes, I voted for Donald Trump. Thank you.QUESTION: Mr. President?CAVUTO: All right.Sometimes, he might say something else. With Melania Trump -- I believe this is one of the first times I have seen Melania Trump with Donald Trump at a quasi-campaign event, voting in Florida, both of them voting in Florida in the Florida primary.Back right now with Senator Thom Tillis.If you don't mind shifting to comment on where things stand with Donald Trump right now, this money that he has to put up in the next six days, or he starts selling off some buildings, $454 million, what do you think of that? He says it's grossly unfair, a huge miscarriage of justice, a hit job. What do you think?TILLIS: Well I think we have to let the legal process run itself out. There's nothing I or the president can do about it. It'll be under a lot of scrutiny.It better be fair. I think the immediate task of trying to figure out the sources for the bond is something that I'm also going to have to leave to the president and his business advisers.CAVUTO: Sure.He made a brief reference to some of the outcries received on his comments about Jewish voters. He had said that a Jewish person who votes for Democrats hates their religion and everything about Israel. That created a firestorm reaction, many from prominent Jews themselves, who said that that's a line too far. What did you think?TILLIS: Well, I think a line got crossed last week when Chuck Schumer went to the Senate floor and essentially called for elections.Now, he can finesse it and say it's just after the conflict's over or now. It was inappropriate in any context. They have a war cabinet going on in Israel right now. Even the archrivals that are part of that war cabinet are not having those sorts of partisan discussions. I think it was a mistake for Schumer to go to that level.And I do believe that it will influence a lot of votes here in the United States that are concerned with the evolving posture of Democrats on being soft on Hamas. I mean, we -- Israel rightfully deserves to do everything they have to do to eradicate Hamas from the Gaza Strip.And I'm not going to second -- I'm not going to doubt them. I'm not going to second-guess them. I'm going to defer to them, because their existence depends on their success.CAVUTO: All right, Senator, thank you very much for taking the time there and your patience through those remarks.Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina.Do want to update you on a couple of other things we're following right now. The back-and-forth and negotiations with the White House to avoid a government shutdown, that might prove easier said than done. They agree on the broad principles of this, but the devil's in the details in getting it done by Saturday, when they have to be done with this.We will explain and explore -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, we're told they have gotten agreement on Capitol Hill to avoid a government shutdown on Saturday, but time's a wasting, and then there's no guarantee they can get it done on time.Chad Pergram with more on that.Chad, what's going on here?CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Neil, good afternoon.They are flirting with a partial government shutdown simply because they are out of time. Members need to approve the bill before 11:59 Friday night or there will be a shutdown. Now, the combo bill covers 70 percent of all money appropriated by Congress. That includes the State Department and the Pentagon.The holdup was a fight about spending for the Department of Homeland Security. Democrats finally got strict border provisions removed from the bill. The clock is ticking.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): I think we're going to get this done and we're going to get this done by Friday. That's my hope.PERGRAM: Why are you so optimistic now?JEFFRIES: We have a four corners agreement that has been negotiated. The president has indicated he will sign the bill into law. And so there's reason to be optimistic.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: The House will likely pass the bill with more Democrats than Republicans. They plan to release the bill tomorrow, but the House mandates they post bills three days before a vote.That means the House would not vote until Saturday, after the deadline.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: The deadline is Friday night. I know there's a 72-hour rule, which sometimes is enforced and isn't enforced. Do you think we get a little bit past that deadline?REP. KAY GRANGER (R-TX): I think so because, at one time, it was getting so close that it went away. So this is really important.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERGRAM: And this is only to get the bill through the House. The Senate must also vote, and that could take until next Tuesday -- Neil.CAVUTO: Yikes.All right Chad, thank you for that.Congresswoman Nicole Malliotakis joins us right now, the New York Republican kind enough to join us.So, Congresswoman, where are you on this? You think this can get done in time?REP. NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS (R-NY): I think that it will get done. I don't know how I will be voting, quite frankly, Neil.CAVUTO: Really?MALLIOTAKIS: We have not seen any text of the language.I mean, how can we make a decision if we haven't even seen the bill yet? And it's 72 hours to go. And I think that's part of the frustration among the members, is that this is being done in a back room, three to five individuals that are negotiating this. And we're not seeing the text.It's the legislative leaders with the White House. So I will tell you what we will be looking for. Certainly, the Republicans have made clear that we want border security measures in place. If the president will not use the discretion that he currently has to secure the border -- he can reinstate remain-in-Mexico, end catch-and-release, make adjustments to parole and asylum.If he's not going to use his discretion, we need to require him to do so. And this is the only leverage we have is during this funding process. As you know, James Madison said, we have the power of the purse. That was given to Congress for a reason. And this is a time to be using it to try to get some concessions, because we can't continue down this unsustainable path with this unsecured border that is so dangerous.Americans are dying, whether it be from fentanyl or violence or murder.CAVUTO: No, no, no doubt, no doubt.MALLIOTAKIS: Yes. So, that's right.CAVUTO: But it never gets solved, right?And part of this package does include funding for the Department of Homeland Security. I understand you're concerned about other details of which you're unfamiliar. But it keeps happening, Congresswoman.How -- what do you tell the American people about this constant charade, where we go up against a deadline, bring the government to a brink? It's a -- it plays out like a cartoon.MALLIOTAKIS: It's just as frustrating for us. I mean, what we should be doing, as we said, working throughout the year to put together the single appropriation bills, single-subject bills, 12 separate bills.Because of the leadership change we had in the House, that became very problematic. But the truth is, why would we give the Department of Homeland Security more money, if all they're going to be doing with it is not secure the border and deport individuals that shouldn't be here and are dangerous, but instead process paperwork and release them into our interior, regardless of whether they're criminals or not?I mean, our homeland secretary basically issued a memo to the CBP agents saying, crime alone, if they're convicted of a crime, is not means to just deport individuals. So...CAVUTO: Right.Well, are you disappointed in your speaker? Do you blame him?MALLIOTAKIS: Well, look, I think things can be done better. Let's see what happens in the bill. Let's see what the final negotiation is. I want to be able to actually read the bill before I say I'm going to vote against it or for it.But what -- that's what I'm looking for.CAVUTO: Yes.MALLIOTAKIS: And I think that's what the American people want. They just want some sanity and common sense, and to secure the border and end this madness.CAVUTO: Congresswoman, thank you very much. We appreciate your time.In the meantime, we're going to give you an update on E.V.s. More reminders that these vehicles are just not that popular.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, here's how bad things are getting for E.V. sales. Even the administration is slowing down its electric vehicle push.Grady Trimble has more -- Grady.GRADY TRIMBLE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Neil.The Department of Energy today released new rules for electric vehicle efficiency standards, and the rules are seen as a big win for the automakers. And that's because they're not as strict as the original proposal that the DOE put out early last year.And the automakers lobbied hard for this kind of scaled-back version of the rule, because they said they'd owe billions of dollars in fines because they couldn't meet the administration's stringent standards. The rule itself is kind of complicated, but essentially what it does is allow the automakers to make more gas-powered vehicles for a longer period of time.But environmental groups are also claiming victory today, saying the transition to electric is well under way. Now, this DOE rule is separate from the EPA rule we're expecting will be finalized tomorrow. That's what a lot of Republicans refer to as the Biden administration's E.V. mandate.The president's critics say both rules, today's and tomorrow's, force Americans into expensive electric vehicles that they just don't want.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE SOMMERS, PRESIDENT AND CEO, AMERICAN PETROLEUM INSTITUTE: And every car that is purchased in this country becomes more efficient every single year.So what they're proposing, they're proposing actually something that I think could be more damaging to the environment, because people are going to stay in cars longer and people are going to be purchasing used cars that aren't as efficient as new vehicles that are being sold at dealerships today.(END VIDEO CLIP)TRIMBLE: White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre was asked today if this scaled-back version of the original proposal is an indication or an admission, I should say, that maybe the administration's E.V. goals were a little too ambitious.She says no, Neil, still full speed ahead on the transition to electric, even if it is a tough sell to the American people -- Neil.CAVUTO: Grady, thank you.Grady at the White House.All right, you have probably already heard that President Biden is summoning top Israeli officials to come to the White House to discuss the war.My next guess has a problem with the way that even sounds, summoning them to come to the White House -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: President Biden has summoned top Israeli officials to come to the White House to discuss the war there.My next guest doesn't even like the way that sounds. John Ratcliffe is the former national intelligence director.And, John, if you think about it, it comes on the heels of Chuck Schumer essentially calling for new elections in a sovereign country. I don't think we would be too pleased if a foreign leader recommended that of us. What do you make of this sort of one-two tell Israel what to do approach?(LAUGHTER)JOHN RATCLIFFE, FORMER U.S. DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE: Well, Neil, as you know, Joe Biden often says, look, I'm an unwavering supporter of Israel, and no one has a stronger record.And that may have been true in the past, but he certainly doesn't look, sound, or act like a guy that supports Israel, as you mentioned, summoning the Israelis here. You add to that the hot mic moment at the State of the Union saying that he was going to have a come to Jesus meeting with Netanyahu.And then Chuck Schumer's wholly inappropriate speech calling for a change was bad enough. But Joe Biden's endorsement of that, to say that it was a good speech, and that it shared the concerns of many Americans, was really out of bounds.You're right, Neil. What if a member of the Israeli Knesset gave a speech that said, look, Americans should remove Joe Biden from office, we have real questions about his mental competency and his support of Israel, or whatever reason they wanted to give? It'd be wholly inappropriate.And I think it is in this case. But beyond that, Neil, I will share with you that the other thing that the Israelis are thinking, and I know this from talking to my former intelligence counterparts over there, is, why on the name of God's green Earth would the Israelis want to take foreign policy advice for a coherent strategy on this from the Biden national security team?I mean, these are the guys that -- the architects of the disaster in Afghanistan. And with regard to this issue, it was Biden's national security adviser, Jake Sullivan, who said that things had never been quieter in the Middle East just two weeks before the Hamas attack on October the 7th.The Israelis look at it as Joe Biden and his team are the ones that have largely rebuilt the Iranian economy, and, as a result, Hamas, Hezbollah, and the Houthis are now household names.CAVUTO: Well, how would you advise them, John? I mean, right now, we don't have much time. I just want to get your take on this, expanding the campaign to Rafah, an invasion that the administration has warned against.Then, Benjamin Netanyahu himself seems to be on course to do just that. What do you think?(CROSSTALK)RATCLIFFE: Yes, the advice is real clear, Neil. Israel is our most important strategic ally in the most volatile region in the world. We do more with them than anyone else. We count on them for intelligence there.And what they have asked for in response to an attack where Hamas is the bad guy, not Israel, is to eliminate Hamas, get a return of the hostages, and make sure that Gaza is never a threat to Israeli existence. Those are reasonable things, and we should be wholeheartedly supporting them in that.And the problem, Neil, is when we don't do that. The only thing that has worked in getting hostages back or putting pressure on is military pressure on Hamas. That's the only thing they respond to.CAVUTO: All right.RATCLIFFE: And so when you say you're going to take the foot off the gas on that, you make it easier for Hamas and you make it harder for Israel to accomplish the goals that they're certainly entitled to accomplish.CAVUTO: All right, John, thank you very much.John Ratcliffe, the former national intelligence director.Well, a peek at the corner of the Wall and Broad today, the Dow soaring more than 320 points. S&P hit a record today, Nasdaq up a lot. Tomorrow, the Federal Reserve announces its decision after a two-day meeting. Not expected to move on rates, but very much expected to possibly move the markets.Here's "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.