MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Good Sunday morning, everyone. Welcome to "Sunday Morning Futures." I'm Maria Bartiromo. Thanks so much for joining us today ahead of a major week, with Super Tuesday, the chairman of the Fed testifying in front of Congress, President Biden and his State of the Union, and the Chinese Communist Party with new ways to undermine America, while trying to buy American leadership.Coming up right here ahead of this upcoming Super Tuesday, more than 800 GOP delegates at state, Ohio Senator J.D. Vance exclusively on the election, the agenda, and why he wants to see Google broken up.Then: homelessness, crime, potentially under the boot of communist China, California in the spotlight ahead of its primary this Tuesday, where Adam Schiff is trying to tighten his grip on government with a Senate seat win. Coming up, Steve Garvey, former Los Angeles Dodgers first baseman and 1981 World Series champion, on his effort to take on Schiff this November in the general election.Then: a new soft war on America with the creation of Chinese massage parlors under our noses across the country, as the CCP reportedly works with dangerous drug cartels on human trafficking, making billions inside the gates of America. Kansas Senator Roger Marshall on the Senate Homeland Security Committee with new information this morning on the CCP's exploitation of America's wide-open border.Then: Who exactly is allowing this, and why? Peter Schweizer, president of the Government Accountability Institute, author of the brand-"Blood Money: Why the Powerful Turn a Blind Eye While China Kills Americans," with a look at who's making money on all of this.It's all right here, right now on "Sunday Morning Futures."And we begin this Sunday morning with a look ahead to a major week, Super Tuesday now two days away,with more than one-third of all delegates at stake for Republicans and Democrats, 854 delegates at stake for President Trump, 1,420 delegates potentially at stake for President Biden throughout 16 state primaries this Tuesday.Then, on Thursday, the president will deliver his State of the Union address, his report card for the nation on his watch.Will he address the most important issues for Americans today, the southern border, where 10 million illegals have breached the border and been apprehended during Biden's open border policy in the last three years, including would-be terrorists on the terrorist watch list wanted for murder, individuals from Venezuela and elsewhere, thousands of military- aged Chinese men, and thousands and thousands of pounds of deadly fentanyl flowing into America?Will he discuss the economy after Congress extended the budget deadline this week for a fourth time since September, as the U.S. national debt climbs to a record $34.5 trillion, with interest on the debt alone more than three-quarters-of-a-trillion? Will he mention inflation, which is up 18 percent on Biden's watch?Or will he raise the potential impeachment of himself over House Oversight Committee charges of money laundering and bribery or the impeachment of his homeland security secretary, Alejandro Mayorkas, as the Senate awaits the articles from the House for Mayorkas' failure to secure the southern border, opening up chaos and crime across the country?Some Senate Democrats are dismissing the impeachment outright, instead of holding a trial, which would only need a simple majority to pass the Upper Chamber. On Thursday, dueling border trips from President Biden and former President Trump crystallized the different approaches.Biden was in Brownsville, which is tame in terms of crossings, versus Trump at what has been one of the hotbeds for illegals, Eagle Pass, Texas.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: This is a Joe Biden invasion. This is a Biden invasion over the past three years that's allowing thousands and thousands of people to come in from China, Iran, Yemen, the Congo, Syria, and a lot of other nations.Many nations are not very friendly to us. He's transported the entire columns of fighting-aged men, and they're all at a certain age. And you look at them, they say, they look like warriors to me. Something's going on. It's bad news.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: So what is going on?Joining me right now in this "Sunday Morning Futures" exclusive is Ohio Senator J.D. Vance.Senator, great to have you this morning. Thanks so much for being here.SEN. J.D. VANCE (R-OH): Thanks for having me, Maria.BARTIROMO: What do you think's going on at the border?VANCE: Well, it's pretty simple, Maria.Joe Biden opened up the floodgates. He implemented over 90 executive orders at the beginning of his administration that were meant to open the border. He and his secretary of homeland security, they bragged about it. They said they were undoing the Trump border policies.And now, three years later, we're living with the disaster of it. We just go back to this terrible murder of Laken Riley, who was killed doing what young kids just do. She was out exercising, enjoying her life, and she was brutally murdered by someone who shouldn't have been here.That person was paroled by the Biden administration. And I have to say, Maria, it's not just a radical departure from the Trump border policies. It's in some ways a radical departure from the Obama border policies. Barack Obama paroled about 5,000 illegal aliens per year. Joe Biden is paroling close to a million per year, including the person who brutally murdered Laken Riley.So we have a problem. It is a problem called Joe Biden. And unless we get him out of the Oval Office, we're never going to have a secure border, because he doesn't have the will to do basic border enforcement.BARTIROMO: And you know that now President Biden is blaming the Republicans for the open border and trying his hardest to blame President Trump, as many of your colleagues in the Senate demand putting Ukraine first ahead of the border.I want to get your take on what Chuck Schumer said as soon as he came out of the White House meeting this past week when discussing the deadlines on the budget. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): The meeting on Ukraine was one of the most intense I have ever encountered in my many meetings in the Oval Office. The overwhelming sentiment in that meeting is, we have got to do Ukraine now. There are other issues, including border, which we should address, but not now.We said to the speaker, get it done. I told him, this is one of the moments. I said, I have been around here a long time. It's maybe four or five times that history is looking over your shoulder. And if you don't do the right thing, whatever the immediate politics are, you will regret it.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Senator, your reaction?VANCE: Well, I think it's so shameful, Maria, that you have all of these people whose job it is to look after the American people and to lead this country, but they're obsessed with Eastern Europe and with Ukraine.Look, we have terrible problems because of our border. We have the fentanyl problem, the sex trafficking problem. And you have people in Ohio who take their kids to the emergency room for emergency medical care, but have to wait six, eight hours in line because there are so many people illegally in this country who are getting put in front of the line of American citizens.This is disgraceful. And if you are a leader of this country, of the United States of America, you should be getting fired up about that. You can believe that we should support Ukraine or not Ukraine, but if you are not most focused on the problems of this country, what are you doing in Senate leadership?I just think it's so disgraceful. And, by the way, Maria, credit to Mike Johnson for being the one person in that meeting who's standing there saying, we have got to put the interest of our own citizens first.I don't think we should be spending any more money on Ukraine. Maybe Mike Johnson disagrees with me, but however you come out on that issue, we have got to focus on our own citizens first. And credit to Mike Johnson for doing that.BARTIROMO: Yes.I mean, look, Joe Biden mentioned George Floyd this week many times. He did it obviously more than Laken Riley. We have not heard Joe Biden say anything about Laken Riley. You would think that you would want to see Laken Riley's family sitting next to Jill Biden this week at the State of the Union.But, in fact, I understand she has a woman next to her who needed an abortion, didn't get the abortion, then got the abortion. That's going to be her guest at the State of the Union.But the president is expected to attack Republicans for not doing the Senate deal. You say that Senate border deal was wrong because of what it did with parole. Talk to us about that real quick, before I move on.VANCE: Just a couple of quick things, Maria.First of all, the Senate border deal did nothing meaningful on parole, 5,000 people paroled during the Obama administration, over a million or close to a million during one year of the Biden administration. If you're not fixing that problem, you're not serious about border security.And also -- and this is really important, Maria -- it handed the ability to wave in people and grant them citizenship to some of the most liberal people in the immigration enforcement program, taking it away from immigration judges and giving it away to these agents who can literally with the stroke of a pen make an illegal alien a permanent U.S. resident.This was a disgraceful deal. It would have made the border crisis worse. And, again, Joe Biden can do all of this by himself, 90 executive orders that he could undo and bring back Trump's border security policies. He needs to do it because the country needs it.BARTIROMO: I want to get your take on Mitch McConnell stepping down.I know that the Senate is considering who would take his place. Do you have a favorite? Who do you want to see in Mitch McConnell's spot? And, by the way, condolences to Mitch McConnell's family. Angela Chao, of course, we have reported in the past, is dead. She was a very gentle woman.And now we understand that this is under criminal investigation, how she died in this car accident. Your thoughts?VANCE: Well, I haven't heard that.Of course, condolences to Mitch McConnell's family. I have had my disagreements with Mitch, but I certainly wish him the best. But I think that we have to use this leadership election to turn the page on Republican Senate leadership, Maria.You cannot have a Senate Republican leader who is far more obsessed with securing Ukraine's border than he is focused on the American border. You can't have a Senate Republican leader who seems to ooze hatred and dismay for the very people who vote most of the Republican elected leaders.Our base, I happen to think they're good people and that we should be listening to them more than we do. But you can't have another establishment politician who seems to dislike the people who actually vote for the Republican Party.BARTIROMO: Yes.VANCE: So, whatever we do, we need to focus on getting a Republican leader who I think is trusted by the broad majority of Republicans. That's the most important thing. And that's what's actually going to help us win elections and govern.BARTIROMO: Yes, I think that's the right call. Get somebody who doesn't hate the base.Senator, you have talked this week about Google. And, of course, you mentioned Gemini, where they were inputting all this stuff based on their own narratives and their own ideologies, which gave us the wrong information on the A.I. Gemini program.Do you want to see Google split up?VANCE: Absolutely, Maria.This is one of the most dangerous companies in the world. It actively solicits and forces left-wing bias down the throats of the American nation. Look, Maria, just take an example. Go into Google right now and type in, can a man become pregnant? The result that Google will spit back at you is, yes, a man can become pregnant.Now, we can joke about that and say this is absurd, but what happens when our 12-year-old children are going and doing that Google search? Think about the effect this has on the presidential election, when unbiased, noncommitted voters are searching things about Donald Trump and also about Joe Biden right before they cast their ballots.We cannot allow a company that is in bed with some of the worst people in the world to control the flow of information and to bias it in the left- wing direction. We have got to break this company up and bring back some commonsense, in my view, common carrier standards, so that we don't let these companies control the flow of information in our country.BARTIROMO: By the way, do you think that's likely? Do you think that could happen, a Google breakup?VANCE: I actually think you hear growing calls and, frankly, from across the political spectrum, recognizing that Google is too big, too powerful, and they use their market power to control American politics and to control American democracy.BARTIROMO: OK.VANCE: You hear a lot of my friends on the left, Maria, say they feel like our democracy is under threat.The biggest way our democracy is under threat is, you have these massive international companies that are sort of controlling what we think, what we read, what information we consume. That's a big problem, but I actually do think that there's going to be growing momentum to rein Google in.We saw this with the release of Gemini. This is a radically left-wing company that is trying to control how we consume information. If we let that happen, we're going to get exactly what we deserve.BARTIROMO: That's incredible about the Google search on men getting pregnant.Senator, it's great to see you. Thanks very much for your leadership, and we will be watching your work. Thank you, sir.VANCE: Thanks, Maria.BARTIROMO: Ohio Senator J.D. Vance there.A quick break, and then: Communist China is exploiting Americans' open border. Breaking news from Senator Roger Marshall on new Chinese massage parlors popping up across America said to be fronts for human trafficking, big business for China's organized crime networks who are working with Mexican cartels.Plus: Is Joe Biden compromised after his family allegedly accepted money from China? Hunter Biden tells Congress the president had no involvement in his business deals. Then he indirectly admits his father is, in fact, the Big Guy.The president of the Government Accountability Institute, Peter Schweizer, with the latest on Congress' impeachment inquiry against President Biden and China's relentless aggression inside of America.That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I've never discussed my business or their business, my son's or daughters.I never discussed a single thing with my son about anything having to do with Ukraine.I've never spoken to my son about his overseas business dealings.I have never discussed with my son or my brother or anyone else anything having to do with their businesses, period.QUESTION: Mr. President, did you lie about never speaking to Hunter about his business dealings? Did you lie about never speaking to Hunter about his business dealings?BIDEN: No.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And that was President Biden over the years being very clear, denying any knowledge or any involvement in his family's overseas business deals, as his son Hunter Biden sat for a closed-door deposition Thursday in his father's impeachment inquiry and said that Joe Biden did stop by during dinner with his business associates, and that Joe did in fact join conference calls with Hunter Biden's partners to say hello.Despite that acknowledgement, Hunter told the House Oversight and Judiciary committees in his opening statement -- quote -- "I did not involve my father in my business, not while I was a practicing lawyer, not in my investments or my transactions, domestic or international, not as a board member, not even as an artist, never," Hunter Biden said.But then Hunter implied that James Gilliar's e-mail in which he wrote "10 percent equity held by H for the Big Guy is in fact a reference to his father," the Big Guy, Joe Biden. But he is still denying that his father was involved in that deal with Chinese energy company CEFC.Hunter also revealed that he was drunk and he was probably high when he sent the text message to a Chinese business associate Zhao in 2017 that he was sitting next to his father just before the transfer of more than $5 million into the bank accounts linked to the Biden family. Hunter claimed his father was not in fact sitting next to him at the time that he sent the text message and that the message was actually meant for Raymond Zhao, not Henry Zhao, an executive with CEFC.Joining me right now with reaction to the deposition of Hunter Biden and a further look at how the CCP is undermining America in plain sight is the president of the Government Accountability Institute, Peter Schweizer. Peter is the bestselling author. And his latest book is incredible, "Blood Money: Why the Powerful Turn a Blind Eye While China Kills Americans." The book is available right now.Peter, thank you so much for joining us this morning.PETER SCHWEIZER, PRESIDENT, GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY INSTITUTE: Great to be with you, as always. Thanks, Maria.BARTIROMO: I want to get your take on what's going on with the Chinese Communist Party and why it seems to have no fear whatsoever of Joe Biden and the Biden family.Does the CCP have something on the Biden family?SCHWEIZER: Yes, I think, absolutely, they do.You have these financial connections, as you have talked about and I have talked about, with more than $30 million from China going to the Biden family. As I point out in the new book, Maria, it also now includes an element of Chinese organized crime.And I think it's the reason that Joe Biden is not talking about fentanyl in the context of China's involvement. Specifically, there's a Chinese gang called UBG that's widely credited with setting up the Sinaloa cartel in Mexico and making them the kings of fentanyl.The leader of that gang is a guy named Zhang Anle, who goes by the name White Wolf. It was White Wolf's business partner who wired a $5 million interest-free, forgivable loan to the Biden family. And it was specifically designated not just for Hunter, for the family.So does Joe Biden want to have a conversation about these tough issues? Does he want to hold China into account? Absolutely not. And I'm convinced it's because of these financial entanglements.BARTIROMO: So you think that this is -- if you're one degree of separation away from Joe Biden or the Biden family, you don't get the sanctions?I mean, we saw that with Baturina, right? Maria Baturina is an oligarch in Russia. And she wasn't hit with any sanctions. She's the one who you wrote about who sent Hunter Biden to check for $3.5 million several years ago.SCHWEIZER: Yes, you're right.There's a pattern here, because guess what? White Wolf Zhang Anle is not on the sanctions list either, even though Joe Biden has touted the fact that he's holding Chinese leaders that are involved in the fentanyl trade and he's using sanctions as a tool. White Wolf is not on that list.By the way, I should add that Chinese leaders laugh at these sanctions. In fact, there was a gentleman named Wang who was sanctioned by the Biden administration for his involvement in the fentanyl trade by the Treasury Department. A couple of months later, he was given an award by the CCP for his work, and he gave a rousing speech where he talked about how he was using his criminal organization, working with others, to help China in its battle with the United States.So they do not take Joe Biden seriously on fentanyl at all, even though this is a Chinese operation much more so than it is a Mexican cartel operation.BARTIROMO: That's a really important point. You say that the Chinese are the senior partner here in terms of the drug trade, these billion-dollar businesses that they're flowing fentanyl and even worse, meth and all these other drugs.Tell me about that, because we have been talking about the Mexican cartels, the dangerous drug cartels that are in charge. You say they're not in charge. They're the junior partner.SCHWEIZER: Yes, that's right.I mean, I lay it out in "Blood Money" in excruciating detail. We know the precursors from a fentanyl come from China. They go to the port of Manzanillo, which is on the west coast of Mexico. Guess who runs the international terminal, where 90 percent of those precursors flow?A Chinese company. Those precursors are then shipped to a town in Northern Mexico, where, according to our own federal government, 2,000 Chinese nationals just happen to be in this Mexican town, and they take those precursors and turn them into fentanyl.Now you need to take that fentanyl and put them into pill form, because, remember, a lot of people dying from fentanyl poisoning don't even know they're taking fentanyl. They think they're taking a Vicodin or Adderall. So you need pill presses with very sophisticated molds to make these pills look like the real thing, even though they're fake.Those pill presses come from China. And, according to our Department of Homeland Security, the Chinese are selling pill presses to the Mexican cartels at cost. They're not price-gouging. And then the final steps, Maria, if you are a drug organization operating in the United States, you need secure communications.Guess what the Mexican drug cartels use for secure communications? They use Chinese apps and Chinese encrypted communications...BARTIROMO: Wow.SCHWEIZER: ... because they know that the Chinese won't share that with the United States.And the final step is, a criminal drug organization needs to launder money. In the days of cocaine, they used Latin American banks. They now, again, according to our own federal government, are using Chinese state-owned banks to launder the money. And they oftentimes use Chinese students in the United States on education visas to do so.So, the Mexican cartels are the junior partners. It is China that is running this operation as a strategy to poison Americans. It's now the leading cause of death in America for people under the age of 45.BARTIROMO: And you have written so much about TikTok. You also have TikTok in the book. Why should we take Joe Biden serious -- seriously when he says TikTok is a threat, and he's got governments being -- government agencies banned from having TikTok on their phones?And yet what is he doing? He's using TikTok to campaign to speak to young people.SCHWEIZER: Yes. Yes. No, that's right.I mean, Joe Biden, of course, has a lot of powerful financial backers that have big investment stakes in ByteDance, the parent company. So he's got that pressure. But the larger issue is, while we're debating in the United States whether TikTok is a threat or what it represents, as I point out in the book, Maria, that's not the Chinese view.I quote extensively from Chinese propaganda ministry officials and military officials. They call TikTok the Trojan horse that they're using against the West. And they lay out in excruciating detail how they use it as a propaganda tool to undermine the faith of American young people in their own country.And it's shocking. When you read their quotes, I'm telling you, you're going to look at this and say, this is what's been going on over the last five years. So it is astounding to me that a company like TikTok run by ByteDance, which does joint ventures with the Chinese Ministry of State Security in artificial intelligence, we are giving them unfettered access to young people in our country and pretending like, oh, there's nothing here to worry about.BARTIROMO: This is absolutely stunning.John Ratcliffe, who has been on this program, former director of national intelligence, he told us he believes China will interfere in the upcoming election. They want their guy Joe Biden in the White House. And you say?SCHWEIZER: Absolutely. They're already doing it in multiple ways.And we need to realize that China has preferences, just like other countries, and they want Joe Biden back. Under President Trump, they faced a lot of resistance. Trump would call them out verbally. Joe Biden doesn't do that.On fentanyl, he says he raises the issue with Xi, but there must be -- quote -- "no finger-pointing." Why are you not going to point fingers at a country that is doing this to the United States in addition to so many other things to us that literally is killing Americans?That's the thing. This is a kinetic war, in the sense that Americans are dying. We're not having soldiers fighting each other, but, unlike the Cold War with the Soviet Union, millions of Americans have died because of the policies that China is carrying out. And the fact that this president will not call them out or even mention it publicly is atrocious.BARTIROMO: It sure is atrocious.Peter, thank you very much. We will be following your work. Congratulations on this incredible book, "Blood Money," available now.Peter Schweizer, joining us this morning, thank you, sir.SCHWEIZER: Thanks, Maria.BARTIROMO: Coming up: the deadly consequences of President Biden's wide- open border policy, as a 22-year-old nursing student, Laken Riley, was laid to rest on Friday. She was murdered on the University of Georgia campus, allegedly by a Venezuelan national in the country illegally after crossing the southern border in El Paso, Texas in September of 2022.Kansas Senator Roger Marshall is here. He sits on the Homeland Security Committee in the Senate. He's got new information on how China is exploiting the open border and undermining America by building new massage parlor businesses throughout the country.That's next. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE POMPEO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: The Chinese Communist Party has total control of who leaves their country.Anybody who came here from China would have had a hard time escaping Chinese Communist Party. They went with the Chinese Communist Party's permission. And so some number of these individuals -- I think we're now in the tens of thousands who have come across in just the last handful of months.Some of them are here doing the work of the Chinese Communist Party. This will come back to haunt us in the years ahead. You can write it down.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And that was former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo speaking with me here last weekend on the growing surge of Chinese nationals illegally entering the country through the southern border.Since the beginning of October, nationwide encounters with Chinese nationals illegally in the country have surpassed both fiscal years 2021 and 2022. You're talking about almost 3,000 people just from October.In January, Oklahoma Attorney General Gentner Drummond testified on Capitol Hill that his state has seen a rise in human and drug trafficking involving Chinese nationals due to Biden's failure to secure the southern border.Joining me right now in this "Sunday Morning Futures" exclusive is Kansas Senator Roger Marshall, a member of the Senate Homeland Security Committee.Senator, it's good to see you today. Thanks very much for being here.SEN. ROGER MARSHALL (R-KS): Maria, glad to be with you.BARTIROMO: I want to talk about some of the work that you have been doing on all of this.First off, these Chinese nationals coming through the country look largely military-aged men. They look like they are creating a mini army in America. What do you think they're doing here? And what are they going to be working on?MARSHALL: Yes, well, Maria, we have done some human trafficking roundtables in Kansas over the last two weeks, and we're seeing an explosion of human trafficking.And what your listeners need to understand is that the Chinese Triad, which is an organized crime unit, a multinational, been around for a -- hundreds of years, is behind this. And wherever you're seeing fentanyl trafficking, you're going to see human trafficking explode as well.And this actually goes back, as I try to understand who this Chinese Triad is, it goes back to Chairman Mao, when he had CCP labs starting making methamphetamine precursors. Now they're making fentanyl precursors. This Chinese mafia, the Triad, smuggles it to Mexico and then they hand that over to the cartel, and into the United States it comes.Over the last five years, this Chinese Triad has monopolized money laundering. They have that down to an art now, and now we're seeing this explosion of massage parlors, which the Chinese Triad is running. So I just scratched the surface there, but it's very serious.The Chinese Triad is in charge of this human trafficking, part of this 40,000 Chinese nationals you see. But it's way more than that.BARTIROMO: So, we talked before today, and you told me that, within the next two years, we're going to be talking more about human trafficking, or just as much as we talk about fentanyl.Tell me about these massage parlors, because you have seen a number of massage parlors, new businesses spike in just your state of Kansas. What are you seeing?MARSHALL: Right.So we have more massage parlors than we do Starbucks now in Kansas, and, certainly, I think that can be said in most every state. So this Chinese Triad, I mean, they are sophisticated. Your listeners need to understand that this is not the dirty workers like the cartel. The cartel is doing the dirty work, but the Chinese Triad is very sophisticated, Harvard-trained lawyers, Harvard-trained accountants that master the money laundering part of this.So you're going to see massage parlors spring up, and then next to them might be a restaurant, it might be a hair salon, a nail salon, those types of things. But the Chinese Triad has become an expert at money laundering, and we're going to see this organized crime just grow and grow and grow.They're smuggling people from China to Turkey. They're called snakeheads. Within the Triad is something called the snakeheads. Think of them as like coyotes, very purposeful. And, like Secretary Pompeo said, no one goes in or out of China without the CCP knowing this.(CROSSTALK)MARSHALL: So they hand them over to the cartel, and the cartel brings them on into places like Kansas.They're not just working massage parlors, an explosion of what they call weed farms, marijuana farms, where the Chinese are intimately involved with those and exploiting this labor for labor trafficking.BARTIROMO: This is just stunning, unbelievable.Now, the women that they are able to get over the border, are they now being forced to work at these massage parlors as prostitutes? Is that what you're suggesting?MARSHALL: Yes, exactly. It's interesting.As these snakeheads bring them across into Colombia actually, they sneak them across the Darien Strait. And by the time they get to Panama, women, as well as men are exhausted. They're willing to sell their soul to finish this journey. And that's when the snakeheads say, we will get you the rest of the way, but this is what you have to do.Not only have they been raped and pillaged the entire trip so far. They're being told, you have to sell yourself into bondage, into sex slavery. We're going to put you up at these massage parlors. The men are taken to these weed factories, weed farms, like I described earlier.I suppose some of these Chinese nationals are going to be running this ring as well. It's very complicated, but, yes, they are selling these women into sex slavery for the rest of their lives.BARTIROMO: Well, I mean, look, you got a briefing on this. You're getting briefings on this being a member of the Senate Homeland Security Committee.I imagine, if you're getting these briefings, then the White House and President Biden is aware of this. Why is nothing being done about it?MARSHALL: Well, again, I think that's a question we have been asking the White House for three years now, is, why are you willing to sacrifice 300 American lives every day to fentanyl poisoning in order to get these 10,000 people across the border every day?Obviously, that they think there's political gain to that. They don't recognize the national security issue. To me, these border crossings has always been a national security issue. But, to the White House, this has always been an immigration issue and a political issue.So they don't have an answer.BARTIROMO: Is this the new way that the CCP is trying to undermine America and Americans by coming up with these new businesses, massage parlors, as a front for human trafficking?MARSHALL: Right.So, again, Americans, we're so naive, we assume the best of people, but there is no line between illegal and legal activities by the Chinese Triad, that they're -- to them, they see nothing wrong with this. This is business to them. This is like American Kansas farmers growing wheat and selling it across the country as well.So, to China, they're just exporting a human resource here. They're exporting the fentanyl. This is just another crop to the CCP. And, again, it goes back to Chairman Mao trying to undermine America, the Opium War revenge. This is the next chapter.So, in China, you see their economy faltering, failing, propped up by the CCP. So this is their next economy. This money laundering is going to be so important that we get that -- on top of that. I'm telling you that they're able to -- we will have an exporter, a Chinese national, exporting dollars to China.And they will send back about 1 cent on the dollar in exchange for that. It's very complicated, but it's the money laundering is the key to this. And we need the FBI getting back on top of this as well.BARTIROMO: So, I mean, is the FBI and the CIA aware of all of this?MARSHALL: Maria, I have no idea. To be honest, I have not been briefed.BARTIROMO: But you...(CROSSTALK)MARSHALL: DHS has not briefed us on this. So this is from my sheriff's officers. This is from the local Kansas Bureau of Investigation. That's where I'm getting my information...BARTIROMO: OK.MARSHALL: ... but our Homeland Security Committee, not so much.BARTIROMO: Senator, real quick on the other issues that will likely be part of the State of the Union from President Biden this week.I assume he's not going to mention how the CCP is undermining America at every turn, including these massage parlors. But what about the economic part of this in terms of inflation? What do you expect the president to address in the State of the Union?MARSHALL: Well, I think this will be the president's blame game.He's going to blame Republicans for everything. He's going to blame Republicans for the stale economy, for inflation. He's going to blame the border crisis. So this will be the blame game, Joe Biden not willing to be accountable for any of his policies.I expect it to be a big nothing burger. I just expect him to set there and blame Republicans, if only we would give him more money, if only we would change policy.But Americans are smarter than this. They know that, come November, that Joe Biden's got to go, that we need a new president in the White House.BARTIROMO: Senator, it's good to have you this morning. Thanks very much for all of the information. We appreciate it.MARSHALL: Thank you, Maria.BARTIROMO: Kansas Senator Roger Marshall joining me.Up next: Congressman Adam Schiff told us Donald Trump colluded with Russia, remember, even though he knew otherwise as then-chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. Now Schiff wants to become a senator. And the primary is this Tuesday.A World Series winner and champion, however, is trying to stop him. California Republican Senate candidate and former Major Leaguer Steve Garvey is here live on facing off against Adam Schiff this Super Tuesday and Garvey's vision for America.Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): You can see evidence in plain sight on the issue of collusion, pretty compelling evidence.All of this is evidence of collusion. And you either have to look the other way to say it isn't, or you have to have a different word for it, because it is a corrupt dealing with a foreign adversary during a campaign.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Oh, yes, a little deja vu. That was California Congressman Adam Schiff, then the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, pushing the debunked, made-up Russia collusion story, despite knowing, as chairman of the committee, that there was, in fact, no evidence to support such a thing, and saying so during President Trump's term in office.Schiff's role in promoting the widely discredited Steele dossier ended up costing him his seat on the House Intelligence Committee last year, when he was ousted by former Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy. Now Schiff is looking for a promotion to the Upper Chamber of Congress, as he is one of several candidates running for the Senate seat in California this upcoming Tuesday on Super Tuesday. It was formally held by the late Dianne Feinstein.Joining me right now is one of Schiff's opponents, California Republican Senate candidate and former Major League Baseball player Steve Garvey, who in the latest poll from U.C. Berkeley is currently leading the field, with the top two vote-getters advancing to the general election this November.Steve, it's wonderful to have you here on the program. Welcome.STEVE GARVEY (R), CALIFORNIA SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: Thank you, Maria. It's great to be with you.BARTIROMO: So let's talk about your platform and whether or not you have a path to win.You are going up against Adam Schiff, you hope, in November. What's most important going into Super Tuesday for you?GARVEY: Well, Maria, I have had 50 years of currency here in California, my days of playing for the Dodgers and Padres.September 1 of '69, I got to Dodger Stadium. Bunch of young kids, minor leaguers came up. I put a uniform on for the first time. My dreams came true. And that's really what California is all about. Over the last 50 years, people have come here with their dreams. They wanted to start families, great schools for their kids.They had their dreams, and you know what? A one-party state has suppressed that. It's taken the hardworking people of California and it's put them into a malaise. And I have walked the state the last seven months and talked to the people, looked them in the eye, asked them about their life, their quality of life.Is it better now than it was three years ago? And moms had tears in their eyes. They said: "Steve, we get up in the morning, we try to figure out how we're going to get through the week." Dads are saying: "I go to the gas station and hardworking Californians are buying $10 worth of gas and not 10 gallons."Young families like mine, they can't buy a house, the single greatest currency, because mortgage rates are too high. So I'm running for the soul of California.BARTIROMO: And, right now, President Biden and Governor Gavin Newsom are trying to make it easier for the illegals to get a mortgage with no interest. This was a story this past week about these new mortgages that are being offered to illegals.You went to the border, I know, in California, in San Diego. And I know now this is being called the new hotbed. Because Governor Abbott has put razor wire in place in Texas, they're coming in through San Diego. What can you tell us?GARVEY: Maria, the true war is the war against America by illegal immigrants.I went to the border with Congressman Darrell Issa. We went down to the ocean, started there. This is where -- this is a point where the immigrants swim around. They're given life vests. They die frequently. And, by the way, Mexico dumps its sewage on the coastline. It comes to America, and two or three miles or four miles have to be shut down.We need to deal with Mexico. Then we went to the top of the wall, top of Otay Mountain, very close to Jacumba, and we saw openings that weren't finished by this administration. And we saw a village. And in that village was a big mansion in the middle.And we asked the Border Patrol, what's that? They said, that's the terrorist cartel that are vetting these people before they come across, stealing their money, doing whatever to them, inhumane things.Our U.S. Border Patrol, God bless them, Maria, and ICE. They're doing the best job they can. But they're having no support from the administration that really only wants power and the ability to be deceitful to the American people.So, that border, those terrorist cartels are destructing America. We have got to go and secure the border, and let's -- Chinese gangs that are bringing in drugs, and you heard this morning human trafficking, all things that are unconscionable, shouldn't happen.Let's get back to Title 42. Let's deal with Mexico. Let's start dealing with these immigrants who have come across and vet them again. This is America. Let's get back to law and order, the fight against crime on the border, in our streets and around the world.BARTIROMO: All right, I want to take a short break and then come back and talk to you about the path to victory. Can you win in a state that is largely liberal of California?I'm talking with Senate candidate Steve Garvey. And we will be right back in just a moment.Stay with us, Steve.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BARTIROMO: Welcome back.And I'm back with California Senate candidate Steve Garvey.Steve, you are running in a highly liberal state. Do you have a path for victory come November?GARVEY: We do, Maria.This is probably the single most difficult seat in America for a conservative moderate. We have it in our path, but you know that path is built on common sense, compassion, consensus-building. You know I built championship teams. I unite people.But, more importantly, I talk to moms and dads, grandmothers and grandfathers about their future, their families, their children. I talk about this is a campaign for their souls. You know, I don't judge people. I listen to them from the inside out. And they're speaking loudly now about, it's time for change.This fresh-faced young kid who's got common sense, who we know, who we trust, who we used to watch -- 30,000 people went to work with me and watched me go out with passion every day. I never took the field for Republicans or Democrats or independents. I took the field for all the fans. And now I'm running for all the people.BARTIROMO: And you say you run into people and they say, thank you. They're glad that they have an alternative.GARVEY: And God bless you.We get up on Sunday mornings, we listen to you, we go to church, we thank God for our lives, living in California and this great country. And then, seven months ago, I decided I was better than this. I had a voice. I was going to stand up for the people. And now they're making their voices heard.BARTIROMO: Yes.GARVEY: So we're going to go from here, Maria.(CROSSTALK)BARTIROMO: Anything you want to say to Adam Schiff, your number one opponent right now?GARVEY: Well, yes.In the debate, I said, you were censured, one of only three congressmen in history.BARTIROMO: OK.GARVEY: And, by the way, sir, you lied to 300 million people, and you can't take that back.BARTIROMO: Right.Thank you so much, Steve Garvey. We will be watching.That will do it for us. I will see you tomorrow on "Mornings With Maria" on FOX Business.