NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: All right, Martha, thank you very much.Actually, you are watching big developments where a present president of the United States and a former president of the United States are both at the border. They're actually 300 miles apart, Brownsville to the left of your screen there. That's where Joe Biden is. He will be speaking shortly, later this hour.Eagle Pass, Texas, to the right, that's where Donald Trump is. He will be speaking very shortly himself. And at issue is this runaway surge we have seen in migrants at the border. Again, each man has a different prescription for this, and each is pointing fingers at the other.But what galls many at the border right now is the fact that Joe Biden is blaming this on inaction things that should have been done years ago, he said, referring, of course, to a number of measures that he said Republicans dropped the ball pushing.Be that as it may, we're going to go to Bill Melugin first in Eagle Pass on how Donald Trump is taking all of this in -- Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: And, Neil, good afternoon to you.The Trump campaign tells us he's expected to deliver remarks here in Eagle Pass in about less than 15 minutes from now. He's currently a couple hundred yards behind me right now near the Shelby Park boat ramp, as we call it, where you can see he's meeting with Texas Governor Greg Abbott, as well as Texas National Guard officials and Texas DPS officials.It's been remarkable to watch, because, looking at the split screen, you have got President Biden down in Brownsville, where he's meeting with Border Patrol officials. You will notice everybody down there is wearing green uniforms. These are federal Border Patrol officials.You juxtapose opposed that here, everyone Trump is meeting with is in military fatigues or tan uniforms. That is because he is only meeting with Texas officials out here. That is because the state of Texas and Governor Abbott basically evicted and kicked out federal Border Patrol agents from the Shelby Park area earlier this year.They felt the federal government was essentially rolling out the red carpet for illegal immigration here in Shelby Park. They were cutting Texas' razor wire. They were scooping migrants up, catching, releasing them to local NGOs.Governor Abbott eventually said, nope, we have had enough of that. He kicked the feds out. They came in here. We have seen the result. They have put all sorts of razor wire up. There's legions of Texas Troopers and Texas National Guard soldiers here completely locking this area down.And as a result, illegal crossings here have really plummeted. The area Donald Trump is standing in right now is about 30 yards away from a flagpole with a bunch of flowers on the ground next to it. That flagpole is a memorial for the name of a soldier people have probably forgotten by now.His name was Specialist Bishop Evans. He was a Texas National Guard soldier who drowned in that river right there in spring of 2022. As part of Operation Lone Star, he jumped into that river and tried to help a group of migrants who were struggling. He lost his life there.And what has happened since then? A lot of politicians have called for the end of Operation Lone Star. They're saying Texas Governor Greg Abbott is wasting his time, wasting his money, wasting Texas resources, shouldn't be building his own wall. Well, Texas Governor Abbott, he's saying, doesn't matter. He's leaning into it more.He believes in the mission they're doing down here. And speaking from covering the border the last three years, it really feels like everything started shifting once he started busing migrants to these sanctuary cities. That is when the media on a national scale was forced to start covering this.That's when we started hearing these blue cities speaking out about the border. It wasn't just something happening way off in Texas in these little dusty towns in Arizona and Texas anymore. The border crisis was literally brought to their doorstep. And that is when the momentum started shifting and this started becoming more of an issue to people all across the political spectrum.So, as you look at this remarkable split screen, you got President Biden down in Brownsville 300 miles away from us in the RGV, the Rio Grande Valley. You got former President Trump here in Eagle Pass both visiting the border on the exact same day. Both of these men know how important this topic has become to voters all across the country.What happens here at the border no longer stays here, whether you're talking about people or drugs. Migrants have been going all around the countries, whether it's Governor Abbott busing them, whether it's the federal government dropping them off, whether it's NGOs facilitating travel all across the country.There are few cities in America right now that aren't having migrants arriving on their doorsteps. And we have seen cities all across the country running into fiscal issues now because all of a sudden they have got hundreds or thousands or tens of thousands of new people they have to take care of with their city budget.So, both these men obviously trying to display to voters that this is going to be a pillar of their campaigns going into 2024. You see Donald Trump on the right side of your screen continuing to get this briefing here in Eagle Pass. We have been talking about it all day, Eagle Pass obviously a much busier area than Brownsville, where President Biden has been.This Eagle Pass area north and south of where I'm standing right now, they're still getting hundreds of illegal crossings every day, where the state of Texas isn't, where it's still federal areas.Down in Brownsville, they have only been getting a handful of illegal crossings each day this week. But it's just been remarkable to watch how the Eagle Pass area has changed over the years, Neil. We started coming out here in fall of 2021. Back then, there was no razor wire. There was no shipping containers. There was no soldiers all over the place.It was when the crisis was just warming up. And to see what it's transformed into over the years with the lockdown here back in December, when we had 3,000 to 4,000 people crossing every single day here, and everybody remembers those viral images. It has consistently gotten worse over the years.And what we're seeing is Texas really being the lone state, maybe apart with Florida, that has stepped up and said, no, we're not going to allow this anymore. Just earlier today, we found out that a federal judge is blocking Texas' S.B.4, Texas' border security bill.That was set to go into effect next week. It would have allowed Texas authorities to arrest and jail people suspected of being in the U.S. illegally -- in Texas illegally. Excuse me. It would have even gone any further.The controversial part was, it would have given Texas state judges the authority to potentially deport people, order people to be deported. A federal judge came in today and blocked that, said it cannot take effect, essentially said immigration law is carried out by the federal government, not by the state.Texas has already said they plan to appeal that. So we're both waiting -- we're waiting for both Trump and Biden to deliver remarks now. And you're probably going to hear pretty drastic, different approaches here. You're probably going to hear President Trump bash President Biden for his mass catch-and-release policy, say something along the lines of, on day number one, he undid all of my policies which were working, remain-in-Mexico, safe third agreements.He stopped building the wall, hundreds of millions of dollars of steel wall panels have just been rusting in the desert ever since then. You're probably going to hear President Biden point the finger at Republicans and say, look, for several months, senators, bipartisan were trying to hash out a bipartisan border deal. They eventually got it done. Republicans shot it down within hours of being released. They didn't want to go for it. This is on the Republicans.Now, is that going to fly with voters? You know, it's up to how President Biden delivers his remarks today and how he frames this. But it's become very obvious, and we see it in poll after poll after poll, that illegal immigration and border policy has surged to the top of the list when it comes to concerns for these voters.And that is why you see both the former president and the current president down here touring completely different areas of the border. Now, I will say they have both chosen in areas that aren't as busy as other parts of the border.We just got back from San Diego Sector last week, which is completely overrun. There's mass releases happening by the hundreds out there every day. And then the Tucson, Arizona, sector is completely overrun as well in Lukeville. Those are the two hottest spots right now.But as we watch here in Texas, you continue to see Trump meeting with Texas officials, President Biden meeting with federal officials. Now we wait to hear what they both say. We will send it back to you, Neil.CAVUTO: Bill, a quick question for you. Obviously, this is unusual to see two presidents, the former one and the present one, in the same state at the same time addressing the same issue, the border, with very big differences, not only their venues. They're 300 miles apart.But I'm wondering, did one know the other first and decide to say, I'm going to go the same day, at almost the same hour? How did this come to be?MELUGIN: So the Border Patrol union actually put out an op-ed yesterday, which is fairly interesting. They said -- and they're very close with team Trump. The Border Patrol union president is walking with President Trump right now.That's -- you see him in the black shirt and the tan pants. That is Brandon Judd. That is the president of the Border Patrol union, as far as I can tell. We got a small screen here. But the union says that team Trump selectively leaked that he was going to be coming here to Eagle Pass to try to get a reaction out of the Biden campaign.And then after that is when Biden announced that he would be coming to the border as well. So, according to the Border Patrol union, they say team Trump leaked that he was going to come to the border on Thursday. Then President Biden said he was going to come down here.Now, President Biden, while he was having ice cream the other day, denied that. We all saw his sound bite where he said, yes, I was making plans to go to the border Thursday. Then I found out my friend was going there too. So President Biden claims he did not know Trump was coming down here.But regardless of what the planning was behind the scenes, they're both down here now. This is an incredibly rare moment. President Biden has not been down here since a little over a year ago. He went to El Paso, which was infamously cleaned up before his visit. El Paso had been extremely busy in December of 2022. Then he shows up the next winter.All the streets had been completely cleared out. He didn't even visit a Border Patrol station. He went to a port of entry. He went to a migrant center, where he didn't meet a single migrant somehow. This time, it's a little bit different. We saw him meeting with Border Patrol kind of down by the river's edge in Brownsville.It's unclear if he's seen any migrants today just yet. We haven't really seen any in any of the footage yet. We will have to check with Griff Jenkins on that. But here we are, Neil, over three years into this crisis now, and something that originally only FOX News has been covering since the beginning of these last few years.Now we have got both the current president and the former president out here on the exact same day at different parts of the border as this border crisis has exploded and has become top of mind for voters really all across the country.CAVUTO: Absolutely. That's an understatement. And it started with you, Bill, and Griff Jenkins covering this when nobody was and they laughed at you and they laughed at the coverage and that there was really nothing to see here, so move on.Well, there obviously is something to see here. The uniqueness and the historical nature of this right now, as you're watching two presidents, the present occupant of the White House and the former occupant of the White House, recognizing the severity and how big an issue the border has become.It was the number one issue in Iowa, in New Hampshire, in South Carolina, in Michigan, in Nevada, again and again, far from the border in all of these states. What was happening there and the surge that is real and scary there is a topic number one for voters everywhere, be they Republican or Democrat.And it's coming to a head today, two presidents 300 miles apart. We will take you there -- after this.All right, now, right now, we have -- I apologize. We have Raul Ortiz, the former U.S. Border Patrol chief.I apologize for that confusion, sir.Let me get your take on what we're witnessing, because what's so confusing about it is the fact that now two presidents are joined in recognizing the seriousness of this. In all fairness to Donald Trump, it was a huge topic for him when he was president. remained so as a candidate for trying to return as president, Joe Biden not so much.But, again, it might be just recognizing poll numbers now for the president, but I talked to one border official who said, well, better late than never. What do you think?RAUL ORTIZ, FORMER U.S. BORDER PATROL CHIEF: Well, certainly, I think it's important that the president meet with Border Patrol officials to find out exactly what needs to be done to remedy the crisis that's ongoing.And it's not just in South Texas or West Texas. It's happening in Tucson, San Diego, El Paso. Those are the three busiest areas along the Southwest border right now. And the only way you're going to actually hear firsthand is by talking to those Border Patrol officials, by meeting with the chief of the Border Patrol.I have made it perfectly clear, when I was the chief, I never once met with the president or the vice president. And I think it's long overdue that they sit down and roll up their sleeves and start coming up with some solutions.CAVUTO: So let me ask you. Three decades, you have devoted to -- of your life helping to protect the border. You have sacrificed a lot. I cannot even imagine what you and your men and women went through, through all of that.And every effort that the governor of Texas has taken, some controversial, others maybe a little less so, has come with criticism and generally lawsuits. And now the latest is this judge, a federal judge that's blocked Texas law that would allow the police to arrest migrants who illegally enter the U.S.There have been other suits filed from the White House and the Justice Department limiting or preventing what the governor there is trying to do. So they're clearly not on the same page.ORTIZ: Yes, when I was the chief in Del Rio, when I was down in South Texas, we had a level of cooperation with the state of Texas, with the Department of Public Safety.And I think that needs to continue. Law enforcement officials on the ground, they know actually how to do the job. There's certainly an opportunity to enforce some consequences against the illegal migration that's coming across that river. And I think it's long overdue that the president visit.And, once again, it needs to be a joint effort. It can't just be the state of Texas or the federal government. All law enforcement has to work very closely together.CAVUTO: All right, we're watching President Trump. But he is speaking right now. We're having some audio issues with him. Let's listen in to Donald Trump.(JOINED IN PROGRESS)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (R) AND CURRENT U.S. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: ... secure, and it's going to be even more secure by the time you finish, which will be soon.And I just want to thank some friends of mine. Brandon Judd has been a friend from day one. He knew what we were all about and knew what we were saying and doing. And I think we were ahead of our time. And General Thomas Suelzer was somebody that was always right there and understands this Texas Military Department about as well as you could have.I think he understands war, because that's what you're in. You're in a war. And William Mike Gorby, you know who he is. And he's been fantastic. It's just an incredible group that you have put together, fortunately. I might ask Brandon to say a couple of words, because, right at the beginning, we were into it.We saw what was happening. And the governor was there. And then he really stepped it up. It's been amazing. I came when I was lucky enough to receive his endorsement. I endorsed him also, and very proudly endorsed him. And a lot of things have happened in the last little while.But this is an incredible operation.Brandon, would you like to say a couple of words? Please.BRANDON JUDD, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: Absolutely. Thank you, sir.President, thank you. Sir, I want you to know, your agents, my agents, they're mad as hell, absolutely mad that President Biden went to Brownsville, Texas, rather than going to Arizona, rather than going to San Diego, California, rather than coming to Eagle Pass, Texas, which has been the epicenter.What President Trump has seen right here is, he's seen how his policies have worked, but he's also seen how he can expand upon those policies once he takes -- goes back into the White House. He has seen how Governor Abbott has been able to use his policies to secure this specific area, the epicenter of the last two years of the illegal border crisis that we have had to endure.And your agents, President, they are pissed. Border Patrol agents are upset that we cannot get the proper policy that is necessary to protect human life, to protect American citizens, to protect the people that are crossing the border illegally. We want to protect them as well.And we can't do that because President Biden's policies continue to invite people across here. Thank goodness we have a governor like Governor Abbott. Thank goodness we have somebody that's willing to run for president of the United States, forgo everything else that he's been doing to serve the American people.President, thank you.TRUMP: Thank you very much. Thank you. Good job.The reports have come out, and we have been covering them, and everybody's been. And I spoke to the parents of an incredible young lady, and you saw her the other day. You saw what happened the other day in Georgia, and the parents are devastated. They're incredible people.But this is a Joe Biden invasion. This is a Biden invasion over the past three years. I call him crooked Joe, because he's crooked. He's a terrible president, the worst president our country's ever had, and probably the most incompetent president we have ever had.But it's allowing thousands and thousands of people to come in from China, Iran, Yemen, the Congo, Syria, and a lot of other nations. Many nations are not very friendly to us. He's transported the entire columns of fighting- age men, and they're all at a certain age, and you look at them, and I said, they look like warriors to me.Something's going on that's bad. Now the United States is being overrun by the Biden migrant crime. It's a new form of vicious violation to our country. It's migrant crime. We call it Biden migrant crime. But that's a little bit long. So we will just leave it.But every time you hear the term migrant crime, you know that comes from, allowing thousands and thousands and actually millions and millions of people to come. It could be 15 million. It could be 18 million by the time he gets out of office, because, hopefully,the biggest risk we have is nine months. It's a long time. A lot of bad things can happen.I always say in speeches and rallies, if you take the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country and you added them all up, all of the problems, all of the lousy jobs they have done, you can add them all up, it's not as bad as this one man has done for our country.What he's done to our country is -- he's destroying our country. We were just talking before. We were -- the general was saying, I can't believe -- he can't believe what's happening. He can't believe it. It's so sad.Last year, almost half of all ICE arrests were criminal aliens charged for more than 33,000 assaults, 3,000 robberies, 6,900 burglaries, 7,500 weapons crimes. This is all migrant crime, 4,300 sex crimes, 1,600 kidnappings, and 1,700 homicides and murders.These are the people that are coming into our country. And they're coming from jails, and they're coming from prisons, and they're coming from mental institutions, and they're coming from insane asylums, and they're terrorists. They're being led into our country. And it's horrible. It's horrible.And I know many of the leaders of these other countries that are doing it, and it's not just South America. It's all over the world, the Congo. A very big population coming in from jails from the Congo. You look at the jails now. You take a look at the jails throughout the region, but, more importantly, throughout the world.They're emptying out because they're dumping them into the United States. And these guys try and make like, oh, isn't it wonderful? They don't have a clue. I think they're looking for votes. They're looking for something. Nobody's really been able to tell me how anybody could want it.You know, you always -- in business, you always want to understand the other side. You want to figure it out, so you can do something that's good or bad, depending on what you're looking for. But nobody can explain to me, because everybody I speak to says how horrible it is. Nobody can explain to me how allowing millions of people from places unknown, from countries unknown, who don't speak languages.We have languages coming into our country. We have nobody that even speaks those languages. They're truly foreign languages. Nobody speaks them. And they're pouring into our country, and they're bringing with them tremendous problems, including medical problems, as you know.We had Title 2 and we had different things to solve that problem, but they have terminated all of that. Even the judge couldn't believe it. The judge said, no, no, you can't do that. It would be horrible to do that. And he let it go. And -- but he said, in six months, it expires.And it expired. And that's it. So I just think you're doing an incredible job. Just one week ago, a beautiful 22-year-old nursing student from Georgia was barbarically attacked, almost unrecognizable, while she was out on her morning run.She was -- a morning run. She was doing it to keep herself in shape. She was a beautiful young woman. She was a great person, best nursing student there was. I spoke to her parents yesterday. They're incredible people. They are devastated beyond -- beyond belief.But she was beautiful, just so beautiful in so many ways, and brutally assaulted, horrifically beaten, kidnapped, and savagely murdered. The monster that charged -- charged in the death is an illegal alien migrant who was led into our country and released into our communities by crooked Joe Biden. He's crooked.I took the name away from Hillary, because she's no longer relevant, I guess. She was terrible, but he is -- what he is doing is just unbelievable. Joe Biden will never say Laken Riley's name, but we will say it and we will remember it. We're not going to forget her.It's been just a horrible story that we have had to live with for the last few days. It's hard to believe. And her parents are just -- they can never be the same, great people. Just four days ago, an illegal alien in Louisiana was arrested for brutally raping a 14-year-old girl while holding a knife to her throat.And he then allegedly robbed a man who was getting out of his car in front of his home and repeatedly stabbed him in the face and the back, in the face many, many times, before police found this person standing in the middle of the street, all covered with blood, standing over the blood of the man he was attacking.Last year, a sadistic illegal alien criminal who was released into our country by Joe Biden was arrested for raping an 11-year-old girl and strangling her to death in Pasadena, Texas. And shortly before she was murdered, she texted her father that someone was knocking at the door.He arrived home from work and found his daughter's body stuffed in a laundry basket underneath the bed. Horrible. Crooked Joe has the blood of countless innocent victims. It's so many stories to tell, so many horrible stories. Three years ago, we had the most secure border in history. Brandon was saying it. The general was saying it.We had the most secure border. And people weren't coming because they knew they weren't going to get in. And we weren't promising free education, free medical, free everything. I mean, all the promises that are made, no wonder they come. I mean, you look at what this Governor Newscom (sic) from California. Isn't that his name, Newscom (sic)?What he's done to California is unbelievable. People are pouring in. They think they're going to get medical aid. And our soldiers, our vets aren't being taken care of. But people that come into our country illegally are. We ended catch-and-release. We built 571 miles of border wall, much more than I promised I'd build.And in addition, we purchased another 200 miles. And they sold that, much of it for 5 cents on the dollar. And it's the best wall, the same wall that you're using, because the governor is now building a lot of wall also. And it works. Walls work. Walls and wheels, I always said. It's one thing never gets obsolete, a wall and a wheel.Everything else is obsolete about two weeks after you come up with it. And we got Mexico to give us 28,000 soldiers to take care of our border. We had the safest border in the history of our country. And now, outside of this area, where Texas has done an amazing job -- and in a pretty short period of time, they're going to have it all covered.They have just been incredible, what they -- the operation that they showed me is nothing less than incredible. And I will say this. It's a military operation. I mean, we have a military -- this is like a war. It's a military operation.So we had remain-in-Mexico. Remember that? You can't come into our country, and Mexico agreed to it. And I will tell you. Someday, I will tell you why. Safe third agreements, asylum bans, Title 42, and rapid removals.But Title 42 was so important, rapid removal so important. But the best was remain-in-Mexico. You stay in Mexico. We had catch-and-release in Mexico. We had catch -- before that, it was catch and release a criminal and they released him into the United States. We had no more catch-and-release.Our catch-and-release was, we released them in Mexico. And if you broke the law, we caught you, we deported you, or we did something else. But we were doing a great job. And that's where it stood. And then we had an election that we ended up getting many millions of more votes than we did.We did much better in 2020 than we ever even thought about doing in 2016. And very bad things happened. And from that moment on, it was a whole different ball game in Texas and all over. But the governor in Texas picked up the ball, and they have done an incredible job.And I will tell you, it's an honor to be here. I brought some people here, some executives from New York, because they're marveling at it too. And you're doing your job. Now we have to find out what's going on the side, each side, because Arizona's not doing their job. You have a Democrat, liberal or more than that, governor that probably doesn't want to do anything.So people are just pouring in through Arizona, and they're pouring in through the beautiful state, the once-beautiful state. It's still beautiful, I guess, but they have a lot of crime and a lot of problems, California, because the governor is not doing his job in California. He's doing a terrible job.He talks a good game. He talks about how wonderful things are, but he's wrong. And they have a big outflow of people. People that pay taxes, people that don't commit crime, they're leaving. A lot of them are leaving.So I just want to thank the governor. I want to thank this incredible group of talent behind me. And we just went through a -- we just went through something very, very special. We did a tour. And we did it through all sorts of cameras. They're all over the place. I don't know.They're in the sky. They're in satellites. They're on the top of those light poles. They're all over the place. And you really have it done. And I'm very appreciative of it, Governor. You did a great job and you're my friend. And it's an honor to have your support and your endorsement, and likewise me to you.Thank you very much. Great to be here. Thank you.GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): Well, first of all, thank you, President Trump, for being back in Texas.You being here shows that today is a day of an extraordinary contrast. We have President Trump back in the state of Texas literally on the border itself, a place that he has been too many times, talking about all the things that he's done to secure the border.At the very same time, we have President Biden down in Brownsville, Texas, which was an obligatory visit by him. He'd never been to the border. In fact, I don't think he's on the border itself right now. He's in some sanitized location in the Brownsville area, not seeing the razor wire that Texas has put up around Brownsville.And he announced that he was going to Brownsville after it was already known that President Trump was coming to the state of Texas. It just goes to show that Biden does not care about either Texas or the border and what's going on. As a result, you see a disaster.The United States of America is dealing with more deadly consequences than we have in my entire lifetime because of Joe Biden's policies on the border. And it did not have to be this way. As President Trump just talked, there were four policies that he put in place that led to the lowest illegal border crossings in about four decades, the end of catch-and- release, the Title 42 policy, the remain-in-Mexico policy, and building the border wall.All Joe Biden had to do to secure the border was to keep in place what President Trump put in place in the first place. But, instead, what Joe Biden did, he signed executive orders eliminating all of the effective policies that President Trump put in place, and then Joe Biden -- Joe Biden did something even worse.Joe Biden lied to America when he told America that he needed Congress to pass laws for him to be able to do something about the border, because there are three laws that Congress has already passed that are on the books right now that Biden could and should enforce.One is a law that requires the Biden administration to deny illegal entry into the United States, like what Texas is doing right here and like what President Trump did. He's not denying illegal entry. President Biden is aiding and abetting illegal entry. The second law is -- requires the president's administration to detain anybody who does get here illegally.Biden is not detaining them. He's releasing them across the entire country. The third law that Congress already has on the books is a law that requires the Biden administration to build border barriers like what Texas has built, like what President Trump has built.And Biden not only is not building any borders. Biden is using every tool that he can to tear down the borders that Texas is putting up in our state. And because what Biden is doing has endangered our country, as President Trump was telling you the stories, not a week goes by without an American either losing their life, being raped or assaulted by somebody that Biden has allowed in our country illegally.The fact of the matter is, because of Joe Biden's policies and the more than eight million people who have crossed the border, the United States of America is being invaded. And because Joe Biden is not doing his job to step up and secure the border, Texas has invoked the authority provided to us in Article 1, Section 10 of the United States Constitution to declare an invasion and for Texas to defend ourselves from the crimes that are being caused by Joe Biden.Very quickly, here's what Texas is doing. Texas is the only state in the history of America to build our own border wall. And we did not reinvent the wheel. We're just building the very same wall that President Trump put up. Second, we deployed those big orange buoys into the Rio Grande that are effective at denying illegal entry.And Joe Biden filed a lawsuit to try to put a stop to it. Even though that lawsuit is happening in the courts right now, those buoys remain in the Rio Grande River as we speak right now. The third thing is, we have tremendous members of the Texas National Guard led by General Suelzer.And, General, thank you.And also I want to take this time to thank Martin Freeman from the Texas Department of Public Safety and Mike Banks, where we have our own border czar. Mike Banks has spent more time as the Texas border czar in one day than the United States border czar has spent in her entire tenure.And I want to thank Mike Banks for his job as a former Border Patrol agent and now as the Texas border czar. But what our National Guard has done, they have sealed off this entire park and taken it over, because this area was being used by the Biden administration to violate the laws of the United States of America.And I said, I will not allow this Texas land to be used by the Biden administration to violate American laws. And I asked the National Guard to take it over, and they did in one day. But this is the important fact. Since they took it over, the number of people that used to come across the border before were 3,000, 4,000, sometimes 5,000 people a day.Now, since this park has been taken over and wired shut, there is on average about six or seven people coming across a day. Most of them are in violation of state law for trespassing, and they are arrested when they come into this park.And so, for all practical purposes, this part of the border is sealed. Same goes for where Joe Biden is right now. Where Joe Biden is, on the night that Joe Biden lifted Title 42, Brownsville, Texas, was ground zero where people were crossing across the border illegally.And, immediately, the Texas National Guard wired that shut. So an area during the time of Joe Biden before Title 42 was -- or when Title 42 was lifted, there were thousands of people coming across the border. Now there is, on average, about 14 people crossing the border in that area.And that's because the Texas National Guard has wired it shut. Because we are having to do so much to secure our border, that's exactly why, five miles south of here, Texas has now launched its own Texas National Guard military base that will House 2,300 Texas National Guard, so they will be able to more swiftly and more effectively continue to secure our border.And the last thing I will say is this. Unless and until Joe Biden steps up and does his job that he has the power to do already to enforce the laws of the United States of America, Texas will continue to bus those migrants to sanctuary cities all across the United States of America.But I am very thankful for the model set by President Trump. President Trump showed that, when he was in office, he was able to secure the border. And I know that, when he is reelected as our president, our border will once again be secured.So, thank you, President Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (OFF-MIKE)ABBOTT: Yes, sure.At this time, I would like to introduce you to the person leading the effort on behalf of the Texas National Guard, General Suelzer.MAJ. GEN. THOMAS SUELZER, TEXAS MILITARY DEPARTMENT: Good afternoon, everyone.Your Texas National Guard remains decisively engaged across 1,254 miles.CAVUTO: All right, we will continue to monitor this.Just one slight thing I just wanted to add, because when you hear it, and you heard it from Donald Trump about the 2020 election, and he got millions more votes, in fact, he did get millions of more votes. He still lost that election. That is not in doubt anymore. That's not being debated anymore.But I didn't want to get off topic too much.I do want to go to George P. Bush, the former Texas land commissioner, the son of Jeb Bush, kind enough to join us.George, always good having you.It's really a tale of two presidents and two worlds here, Donald Trump, for whom this was a signature issue when he was in the White House -- and very soon, we will be hearing out of Brownsville, Texas, from Joe Biden, the president for whom this is getting to be a signature albatross, but your thoughts on what you're hearing and seeing play out in your state?GEORGE P. BUSH (R), FORMER TEXAS LAND COMMISSIONER: Well, it's a true contrast, a true juxtaposition between two different visions as it relates to the rule of law.We have a governor and a former president that have just spoken and shared what that principle should be held. And that is following the Constitution, that the federal government needs to step up to the plate and secure our nation's borders for reasons of safety in our communities, for national security reasons, and that Joe Biden needs to stop the electioneering and - - and the photo-ops and actually get to work.So, the first step has been cleared. And I'm appreciative that President Biden in the state of Texas is here to learn more about the issue, but he's been in public service for over 40 years. This is only his second trip to the border areas of Texas.On his flight home on Air Force One, he may want to think about pulling out that pen and rescinding his initial executive orders and going back and installing Title 42, the remain-in-Mexico policy, and getting back to enforcing the laws that are already on our books.CAVUTO: You know, George, we do know that he is going to rescind some executive orders -- we still don't have the details about which ones -- ahead of the State of the Union address. That is President Biden.We do know that I think he put 90 such measures as executive orders as soon as he became president that essentially undid a lot of the policies that Donald Trump had in effect. So you can have this back-and-forth with executive orders here.But we know right now that President Biden is going to blame Republicans for the situation now and turning their back on a bipartisan measure that would have addressed this. What do you say to that?BUSH: Well, the House, I have to remind your viewers, did pass out of the Republican leadership there a very strong border security bill that would have done a lot of the things that Governor Abbott just talked about in the briefing.And that's going back to enforcing the appropriations that were made during the Trump days to finish the so-called Trump wall, close to 900 miles. This is actually a lawsuit that I brought when I was formally in the Land Office here in the state of Texas.Secondly, it would tell ICE, among other things, to go back to detaining criminal aliens that are conducting crimes in the United States. So, when you think about Athens, Georgia, when you think about Lizbeth Medina in Edna, Texas, just in December, who was murdered at the hands of an illegal immigrant, ICE needs to follow through and initiate deportation proceedings when people are held here illegally.And then, third, if you restore the remain-in-Mexico policy, in other words, for people to apply for asylum from their country of origin, rather than in a U.S. port of entry, that would alleviate so much of the burden, Neil.And if you look at just this past month on the Texas border, the amount of Venezuelans that have come across the border has been decreased by over 80 percent. And the reason is because deportation proceedings have immediately been commenced by Mexican authorities and U.S. authorities.So the message is clear that, for certain nationalities, if you commence deportation immediately, instead of the catch-and-release narrative that we have on our southern border, you're going to have a deterrent effect and you're going to see less illegal immigration.CAVUTO: You know, George, you have been a crucial player. And, of course, Donald Trump himself has been a big fan of yours, supported your election.And now your dad raised eyebrows with an editorial in The Wall Street Journal defending Donald Trump and at least condemning this civil suit against him that really handicapped him, that went too far. And I began to wonder, knowing at first that the olive branch, I guess, between the Bush family and the Trump White House, started technically with you, has it continued now with your dad?BUSH: Well, potentially. I can't speak on his behalf, but his op-ed, I think, rings home for a lot of folks.The fact is that our court shouldn't be used as a political weapon against opponents. And, clearly, New York, the civil fraud case is an abuse of power by the attorney general in the state of New York. You know, that statute that the case was prosecuted under has only been utilized 12 times and only one of which has resulted in a fine of this magnitude when there's been actually no cause of injury to third parties.And so I think what my dad is saying is, look, we need to go back to Ben Franklin's original comment in the Constitutional Convention. Let's have a republic if we can keep it, and let's remind ourselves of the division of powers in our country.CAVUTO: Real quickly, George, because President Biden is set to speak right now, but your thoughts on the party coalescing and supporting Donald Trump right now?We saw it out of John Thune, the number two-ranking Republican. More and more Republicans, maybe they say they all RINO Republicans, if you will, that that's starting to gel. Do you buy that?BUSH: I do. I think the primaries, for all intents and purposes, are over. It's time for conservatives, for Republicans to start organizing our forward-looking agenda, an aspirational agenda that has brought together so many successful coalitions over the years. So let's get to work, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, we will watch it very closely.George, very good seeing you again. My best to your family, George P. Bush.Right now, the president of the United States responding to probably some remarks that Donald Trump just made. Let's listen.(JOINED IN PROGRESS)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: ... federal personnel here working on fire suppression.That includes a deployment of 100 federal firefighters and more on the way, as well as dozens of additional fire engines, air tankers, small planes, helicopters to help fight the flames. And FEMA has already guaranteed that Texas and Oklahoma will be reimbursed for the cost of keeping folks safe.And we're grateful for the brave first responders risking their lives to save others. And we urge, we urge folks to listen to the warnings from the local officials. Listen to them.I have flown over a lot of these wildfires since I have been president. Matter of fact, I have been in a helicopter in the West and the Southwest and Northwest, flown over more land burned to the ground, all the vegetation gone, than the entire state of Maryland in square footage.The idea there's no such thing as climate change. I love that, man. I love some of my Neanderthal friends who still think there's no climate change. Well, my administration is going to keep building on the progress we have made fighting the climate crisis, and we're going to keep -- help folks rebuild themselves in the wake of these disasters.And we rebuild to the standards that are up-to-date standards and the building codes and the rest, because a lot of -- if you fly over these areas that are burned to the ground, you will see, in the midst of 20 homes that are just totally destroyed, one home sitting there because it had the right roof on it.And, anyway, since I took office, FEMA has provided Texas alone with over $13 billion, $13 billion in three years of disaster relief after fires and winter storms across this state. When disasters strike, there's no red state or blue state where I come from. There are just communities and families looking for help.So, we're standing with everyone, everyone affected by these wildfires. We're going to continue to help you respond and recover.Now, turning to the purpose of my visit, I want to thank Congressman Gonzalez. Where -- there you are, pal. I thank him...(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: I thank him for the passport into his district, but he's been a great partner.I also want to thank Mayor Cowen for his partnership. And I want to thank county Judge Trevino. I -- for over 30 -- and over 30 local officials who have joined us here today. No one, no one works harder for a safe, secure border than all of you.And Secretary Mayorkas has joined us today. And he's joined by seven mayors and cities and towns across South Texas, four county judges here from across the state. I have told the county judge that I used to be a county official. It's the hardest job in American politics. You know why? They think you do can everything, and you don't have the budget, so anyway.(LAUGHTER)BIDEN: And the two leaders from the Texas legislature -- State House Leader Trey is here, Trey Martinez Fischer, and the state Senate leader, Carol Alvarado.And, look, and all the other local officials that are here today, I want to say thanks.Folks, it's real simple. It's time to act. It's long past time to act. I just received a briefing from the Border Patrol at the border, as well as Immigration and Enforcement, asylum officers, and they're all doing incredible work under really tough conditions, really tough conditions.They told me what they -- what you already know and we already know. They desperately need more resources. Say it again. They desperately need more resources. They need more agents, more officers, more judges, more equipment in order to secure our border.Folks, it's time for us to move on this. We can't wait any longer. Folks, on my first day as president, I introduced a bill I sent to Congress, a comprehensive plan to fix the broken immigration system and to secure the border. But no action was taken.Then, months ago, my team began a serious negotiation in a bipartisan group of senators, Democrat, leading conservative Republicans and progressive Democrats. And it resulted in a compromise bill. It's the toughest set of border security reforms we have ever seen in this country.It's pretty basic. With this deal, we could hire 1,500 additional border security agents, 1,500 additional officer -- and officers, and between ports of entry. For the last four years, staffing has been roughly that, flat, just flat, agents working overtime, spending long hours patrolling the border, making major sacrifices.And I know it takes a big toll on them and their families. That's why, in December, I signed a bill finally getting Border Patrol agents, what I have been pushed by and reminded by the congressman, overtime pay they deserve. They're finally getting overtime pay.I mean, it's ridiculous it took this long. It was a long past time, and I was proud to do it. But we need to do more. It's time to step up. It's time to step up, provide them with significantly more personnel and capability.We also need more immigration judges to help handle the backlog. There are two million cases, a backlog of two million cases. And this bipartisan deal would provide funding for 100 more immigration judges immediately and would also establish new, efficient and fair process for the government to consider asylum claims for those arriving on our border.Today, the process to get a decision an asylum claim takes five to seven years. Now, you all know it down here, but the people around the country don't understand it. It's far too long. You come in, you say, you say, I have a credible fear, and we have changed that standard to make it harder. We want to change it to make it harder.And what happens? You say, well, OK, you have can come into the country, but come back in five to seven years, maybe as many as eight years, and you will get a hearing, come before a judge to determine whether you can stay. This will encourage more people -- this encourages more people to come to the country.If they get by the first -- they got another five, seven, eight years before they have to do anything, because they know they cannot handle the caseloads quickly, and they will be able to stay in this country in the meantime.With new policies in this bill, in addition to 4,300 additional asylum officers, we will be able to reduce that process to less than six months. That would have a serious deterrent effect on those coming north. When the criminal gangs say, we will get you north, well, it's 8,000 bucks. They say, now, wait, let me get this straight. I'm going to go north. It's going to cost me $6,000, $8,000 -- probably closer to $8,000, I guess, equivalent.And I'm going to get there. And, in six months, they may be able to get rid of me. I don't know, man. Six months, seven years, two different things.If a person who's thinking about entering the United States understands their case is to be decided in a few weeks or months, instead of five to seven years, they're less likely to come in the first place. They're not going to pay the cartels thousands of dollars to make that journey.Knowing that, they will be turned around quickly. Look, and we also need more cutting-edge inspection machines to detect and stop fentanyl from entering the United States of America. A year ago, I stood at the border in El Paso, and I watched these machines at work. They were able to detect everything from fentanyl to weapons to people being smuggled in cargo containers.This compromise bill would provide an additional 43 -- $423 million for 100 more of these machines and could save lives in the process. This compromise legislation will also give me as president or any -- the next president emergency authority to temporarily shut down the border between ports of entry when the numbers of immigrants and migrants -- excuse me -- overwhelm the border, starting -- straining the Border Patrol's ability to process them.At the same time, at our legal ports of entry, like here in Brownsville, we're making investments in infrastructure. My bipartisan infrastructure law is going to provide nearly four billion new dollars to boost security, to ease waiting times at land and ports of entry like Brownsville.And I want to thank again Congresswoman Gonzalez for helping me get that through and get that passed as the law, that you get the money for the -- for example, that's how you get the money for the Gateway Bridge from that fund.Folks, the bipartisan border security deal is a win for the American people. And it's a win for the people of Texas. And it's fair for those who legitimately have a right to come here to begin with. It's a win for the people of Brownsville. And I believe that's why the Border Patrol union endorsed it.I believe that's why the national Chamber of Commerce, the national Chamber of Commerce endorsed it, not known as a Democratic organization with a capital D. Look, and that's why The Wall Street Journal endorsed it as well.This is a truly bipartisan initiative. That's why the bipartisan South Texas Alliance of Cities endorsed it. Folks, I didn't get -- I didn't get everything I wanted in that compromise bipartisan bill, but neither did anybody else. But compromise is part of the process. That's how democracy works. That's how it's supposed to work.Compromise is a very positive step on the critical issue for the country, all those issues for the country. And folks here in Brownsville and all along the border know that. We need to have their backs, your backs. I want the people to understand clearly what's happened here.This bill was in the United States Senate. It was on its way to being passed. Then it was derailed by rank-and-file politics and rank partisan politics. The U.S. Senate needs to reconsider this bill. And those senators who oppose it need to set politics aside and pass it on to the merits, not on whether it's going to benefit one party or benefit the other party.It's about whether it benefits the American people. It's what the American people deserve. The speaker of the House needs to put this bill on the floor, because, if he put it on the floor unrestricted, it would pass. The majority of Democrats and Republicans of both houses support this legislation, until someone came along and said, don't do that, it will benefit the incumbent.That's a hell of a way to do business in America for such a serious problem. We need to act. It's time for the speakers and some of my Republican friends in Congress who are blocking this bill to show a little spine, pass a bipartisan border -- bipartisan -- because, remember, bipartisan.Conservative leaders supported this border security bill. Let's remember who we work for, for God's sake. We work for the American people.Let me end with this. I understand my predecessor is in Eagle Pass today. So here's what I would say to Mr. Trump. Instead of playing politics with this issue, instead of telling members of Congress to block this legislation, join me, or I will join you in telling the Congress to pass this bipartisan border security bill.We can do it together. You know and I know it's the toughest, most efficient, most effective border security bill this country has ever seen. So, instead of playing politics with the issue, why don't we just get together and get it done? Let's remember who the heck we work for. We work for the American people, not the Democratic Party, the Republican Party. We work for the American people.And let's remember who we are. We're the United States of America. And no, I mean this. Think about this. There's nothing, nothing beyond our capacity, nothing, when we work together. And of all things we should be working together on, it's this, and we have the formula to get it done.God bless you all, and may God protect our Border Patrol and God protect our troops.Now I'd like to turn this over to Secretary Mayorkas.Thank you.(APPLAUSE)CAVUTO: All right, Joe Biden.Correct a couple of things there. He's blaming a lot of this on Republicans and this border security bill that had some bipartisan support. The fact of the matter is, though, for quite some time, there had been criticism of the president himself not to do anything about the border surge and not to even tighten the border, do anything at all, and hanging his hat on maybe a bipartisan package that never succeeded.But to say that that was the reason why we're in the pickle we're in is probably, at best, an exaggeration.Let's go to Dan Crenshaw right now, the Texas congressman, who regrets that measure not coming to pass, but says there's a lot more at stake and a lot more to blame for where we are right now.Congressman, thank you for your patience through this.Your thoughts on the significance of this day, a present president, a former president aligned this much, in saying, well, the border's important. What do you think?REP. DAN CRENSHAW (R-TX): Yes, Republicans have been trying to make this issue important to Democrats for years.And so, ever since I got to Congress, I have been trying to make Democrats care about it. And they finally care about it, or at least they're pretending to. He went down to Brownsville, of course. Now, Brownsville is one of the places where you have the least amount of illegal border crossings, and there's some lessons to be learned there.They have walls. They have some of the most advanced technology. They're fully staffed. So it's interesting that he went down there. There's a bunch of things that can be true at once. Biden screwed this up from day one, right? He rescinded a bunch of Trump's executive orders. He put in new executive orders. He created the magnet of massive waves of illegal immigration that we're seeing.So, for him to try and lay blame on Republicans because too many Republicans didn't like that particular deal that he seems to like, that's a very disingenuous claim. So you have got two competing stances here. We have got Republicans who our perfect bill is H.R.2. We passed it last year.So Biden says that his bill is this other one. I don't disagree that we now have to talk and meet in the middle, and I urge our leadership to actually do that. I still think there's an ever increasingly smaller window of opportunity to do that, where we can actually add border security measures to, say, a Ukraine aid package.I don't want to pass the Ukraine aid package without looking at our own border first. I think when people ask the question, why can we support their border, but not ours, I think that's a valid question to ask. I have been saying this for months.But we need some leadership here.CAVUTO: But do you think we will ever see that, Congressman? Do you think we will ever see it? I know hope springs eternal, but it doesn't look likely.CRENSHAW: It doesn't look likely.That window of opportunity is increasingly small, but it has not disappeared yet, which is why I keep saying it. There is a deal to be made.You have got -- the Lankford-Sinema deal that Biden is talking about, look, to be honest, it was just too complicated. It was too complicated. It tried to cover way too many things. You need a much more simplified version that brings more Republicans into the mix, not just one person in the room trying to debate or -- and trying to negotiate what is very complex legal issues.CAVUTO: All right.All right, well, you have been trying to thread that needle. Not too many are doing anything approaching that.Congressman, thank you very much.And in light of this breaking news, I do want to bring your attention to Marianne Williamson right, the, once again, back again Democratic presidential candidate.She had stopped her campaign and then got it activated again after doing a little bit better than people thought she would be doing in Michigan, did better than a certain Democratic congressman. Bottom line, she's back in the race.I wonder, Marianne, what you make of this back-and-forth on the border, whether either of these guys, the present president and the prior president, has a solution, at least on the border, that appeals to you.MARIANNE WILLIAMSON (D), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, they're both wrong and they're both right.We do need to be tough. And President Biden needed to get to work more quickly. He said that, when he first got into office, he had an immigration plan. It's important to remember that he also had a Democratic House and a Democratic Senate. So why didn't it get accomplished?I myself have visited Eagle Pass. And I remember local officials there telling me that they felt oppressed by the state government, that they felt ignored and abandoned by the federal government.America has to be tough here, but we cannot allow this situation or any situation to tempt us to compromise our own humanity and our own moral principles.The president is correct that...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: So, let me ask you about that. Marianne, I'm sorry.WILLIAMSON: Yes.CAVUTO: We're tight for time, but I do -- if you don't mind.You unsuspended your campaign. This was not the sole issue. You were disappointed, angry at Joe Biden, that he's certainly headed for defeat. What does your entrance mean now that you're back in?WILLIAMSON: Well, today, a Bloomberg poll came out that shows Trump beating Biden in Pennsylvania, in Wisconsin, in Nevada.This is a three-alarm fire for the Democrats or for anyone who doesn't wish to see Trump get back in the White House. So, on one hand, you could say that this is a message campaign.CAVUTO: And I'm sure Trump beats you by a country mile, right? Trump beats you by a country mile.WILLIAMSON: No, you don't know that. You don't know that.CAVUTO: So, what -- what argument can you bring to Democrats?WILLIAMSON: You don't -- well, you don't know that. You don't know that.If I -- if I -- actually, when you look at what I support, you...CAVUTO: You think you would do better against Donald Trump right now? You think you would do better?WILLIAMSON: Once people hear me, absolutely.CAVUTO: OK.WILLIAMSON: Medicare for all is supported by a majority of Republicans, as well as Democrats, tuition-free college supported by a majority of Republicans, as well as Democrats.My agenda actually is more in alignment with the majority of the American voters than either Trump or Biden, to be honest.CAVUTO: All right. So, the way you see it now -- people forget, when you suspend a campaign, you can always unsuspend it.What do you tell Republicans who are looking at the race there who also suspended their campaigns, about a dozen of them? How about unsuspending theirs too? What do you think, if you had to give them recommendations?WILLIAMSON: I wouldn't be recommending anything to anyone. They can run their own campaigns, but I will tell you something.CAVUTO: OK.WILLIAMSON: I have some respect for Nikki Haley.Even though I don't agree with her politically, I think Nikki Haley's grit, staying in this race, making sure her message gets out there, knowing that the message and the values that she believes in are actually more important than the horse race, I agree with her 100 percent.CAVUTO: All right, Marianne Williamson, I'm sorry.WILLIAMSON: I think that there's something more important than the horse race going on here.CAVUTO: OK. I hear you. I hear you. Sorry for the truncated time.Always good having you on, Marianne.She's back in that presidential race challenging Joe Biden for the Democratic nomination. She's making some waves. We will follow that, also developments at the border.Right now, "The Five."THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.