BRIAN KILMEADE, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. Tomorrow, the Senate voting on that $118 billion border bill that includes Ukraine funding, as well as Israeli funding. But it's already facing strong rejection from GOP senators.I think 20 have already said they're against it, including my next guest, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott.Senator, clearly, it's going to have trouble passing from the way it is right now.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Yeah.KILMEADE: So, is -- is the only option for people that want to secure the border to wait nine months and hope Donald Trump wins?SCOTT: Well, no doubt, Brian. We were certainly better off under Trump. We need him back again for four more years. But more importantly, President Biden undid the successful measures that Trump put in place. If you can undo them, you can put them back again.So, President Biden does not need legislative action to secure our border. That is simply a lie to the American people. What President Biden needs is intestinal fortitude to go ahead and do his job right now.He could restore the Remain in Mexico policy. Instead of going towards catch and release, instead of allowing 5,000 illegal immigrants a day, which is about 1.8 million a year, why not finish the wall, secure our border, double number of agents down there, and make America safer under his presidency?But he's more interested in the politics of immigration than he his solving the problem of the greatest invasion in American history coming across our illegal, open southern border.KILMEADE: Do you like anything about the bill?SCOTT: Well, I like the fact that James Lankford is a good man. He worked really hard on it, but this deal is just too short. It doesn't get to the finish line.And more importantly, President Biden right now can get the job done. He does not need any legislative action. Trump did it without legislative action. We know Biden can do it, too. The will is not there.And so, if the will is not there, Brian, the question I ask myself, if you don't have the will to enforce the laws already on the books, adding more laws to the books that only codifies another 2 million illegal immigrants, how do we explain that to our constituents?If we think that there are sleeper cells in our country because of 10 million illegal immigrants coming across our border, how do we justify allowing another 2 million? We need a deal and we need a deal that simply says, Joe Biden, do your job.Because he won't, we need four years of President Donald Trump.KILMEADE: All right. So, nothing -- you don't think anything is going to get done for the next nine months and you don't want this.But your name came up over the weekend when Maria Bartiromo sat down with President Trump when they talked about a VP pick. Listen to what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I called Tim Scott, because -- a lot of people like Tim Scott. I called him and I said, you are a much better candidate that -- for me than you are for yourself.MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: So, maybe it's Tim Scott?TRUMP: Well, it could. It could be a lot of people.(END VIDEO CLIP)KILMEADE: What's your reaction when you watch it? What was your reaction when you heard it?SCOTT: Well, there's no doubt that -- I mean, James works and talks about being humble versus exalting yourself. And so, the struggle of self- promotion is challenging.But what we do do is focus on what does America need right now and the moment, the best alternative is four more years of President, frankly, Donald Trump. Why? Because of success we had.Joe Biden has devastated the economy. A millennial cannot buy a house. Under President Trump, we had 2 percent inflation. Law and restore was restored. We've lost into the chaos --(CROSSTALK)KILMEADE: No, I understand. I understand -- I understand what you feel. Are you being vetted right now?SCOTT: Not that I know. All I know is I'm being -- I have been vetted to be a surrogate on the campaign trail to make sure we get four more years. It's really the only objective I have. Anytime you start focusing on what's in it for me, you're focusing on the wrong thing, which means you're distracted.We have to win this election. Not only win the White House, but we need to win the Senate back and maintain the House. That's going to take all hands on deck. Let's get that started now because America can't wait four more years.KILMEADE: Would you -- if he does become president again, would be look -- would you accept a cabinet position?SCOTT: Listen, I got to tell you, being a United States senator is a pretty cool gig from my perspective.I'm a kid that grew up in poverty. My only goal is make sure that kids growing up in poverty today see themselves in the White House, see themselves running their own business, see themselves graduating from college.KILMEADE: Right.SCOTT: And see themselves living in safe neighborhoods, law and order restored. That's part of the challenge.KILMEADE: All right. So, that's a maybe. We'll see I guess. Let's see if he wins first.Senator Tim Scott, thanks so much. Appreciate it.SCOTT: Thanks, Brian.KILMEADE: You got it.