NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: In the meantime, to Georgia Republican Governor Brian Kemp, very kind enough to join us.He wants to find out more about Laken Riley`s murder and how it could happen with someone who had already been fingered by border officials.In the meantime, I`m going to go right back to this, because Hunter Biden and his lawyer are there. They might talk to reporters. Let`s listen.(JOINED IN PROGRESS)ABBE LOWELL, ATTORNEY FOR HUNTER BIDEN: -- there was any financial transactions that involved Hunter with his father, period.It seems to me that the Republican members wanted to spend more time talking about my client`s addiction than they could ask any question that had anything to do with what they called their impeachment inquiry.So, as I said before, there is no evidence because there is no evidence, and today only confirmed that.Thank you.(CROSSTALK)QUESTION: Will you do a public hearing?(CROSSTALK)QUESTION: Mr. Biden, was the cocaine at the White House yours?CAVUTO: OK, there is no evidence, period -- that`s, again, the view of Hunter Biden`s lawyer, there`s nothing there, certainly nothing that incriminates him or certainly his father with whom he had some business conversations.Again, in the eye of the holder whether any of that that represents a crime. But if the goal here in these six-plus hours of deposition and testimony was to get us closer to maybe a convincing case, as Hunter Biden and prosecutors and some of the top Republicans and Democrats on that committee leave, the fact of the matter is, we have very little indication that any gloves were laid on him.Now, as lawyers have pointed out to me, that could be by design. No one is going to give away something that Hunter Biden would have time to correct or change or alter. Too early to tell.Anyway, back to Georgia Governor Brian Kemp on this.Governor, on this whole Hunter Biden, if you don`t mind my digressing a little bit, sir, what do you think of the whole case, that this is something critics say Republicans have been trying to build up? But their key witness might not be reliable, if he might not even, in fact, be a liar.It, to some, looks like it`s falling apart. Do you see it that way?GOV. BRIAN KEMP (R-GA): Yes, it`d be hard for me to say, Neil.We have had a lot of really horrible things we have been dealing with down here in the state of Georgia. We have lost two state patrolmen in the line of duty in just a couple of weeks, obviously, our three military heroes who we lost in the drone attacks over in Jordan, and then obviously this terrible incident with Laken.So I hadn`t been indulged in the weeds too much on the Hunter Biden situation.CAVUTO: I can well understand, sir.But let me ask you a little bit about something that you do care a great deal about on the death of this 22-year-old girl at the hands of an illegal immigrant, allegedly. If he was the one behind it, there were plenty of opportunities for border officials to arrest him and send him back to Venezuela. They never did so.There were a lot of cracks in the system. He was able to buck the system and allegedly pull this off. What do you think of how this was handled?KEMP: Well, I mean, that`s what`s so frustrating about this whole thing, Neil.I mean, really, when you think about when and where it started, in 2022, this guy came across the border. For over two years now, myself and a lot of other Republican governors have been saying we have mass migration happening at the southern border, illegal immigration. We have bad people coming into our country, people on the terror watch list coming into our country, people bringing fentanyl into our country, people bringing human trafficking into our country, and it needed to stop.And this was long before anybody started saying, hey, don`t make this political or whatever. I mean, it`s just a no-brainer to secure our southern border. We have seen Governor Abbott do things that works. We have seen the previous administration and the White House do things that works.And this president and his border czar have literally just ignored this. So that is the first problem, allow these people coming across a porous southern border. And then you have a situation where this person`s arrested in New York and is released, and then they`re arrested again in Georgia and released.And nobody`s checking them. You have someone that`s illegal, that`s breaking our laws. I mean, they should have been deported. And now we have, unfortunately, in a horrific crime, a dead 22-year-old.CAVUTO: Do you think this bipartisan border deal that just didn`t work out -- Republicans blame Democrats, Democrats blame Republicans.Be that as it may, Governor, could it have stopped something like this? It doesn`t look like it could have, but what do you think?KEMP: Well, Neil, look, to me, the buck stops with the White House and with President Biden.And I said this at the World Economic Forum over a year ago, at last year`s World Economic Forum. I told Senator Manchin, Sinema and Coons, who, when Sinema was saying, we`re working on a bipartisan border deal, and I said, look, that`s great. Washington, D.C., has been working on that for a decade or for 20 years now. And while you`re doing that, just secure the dang border.We know how to do that. Republican governors have sent a letter suggesting ideas. We have said that we will work with this president and any future president to secure borders. There`s things that Joe Biden can do right now. There`s things he could have done when the vice president said the border was secure, the homeland security secretary said there -- the border was secure, his press secretary said the border was secure.And over a year ago and over two years ago, there`s things that they could have done. They have ignored this problem. And the American people see through that. And it`s not just Republicans that are upset about this. I mean, you look at what former Senator Lieberman said.I mean, the guy was a big-time Democrat at one time, turned independent. And he knows this is a problem in our country. And Middle America knows that as well. And they want -- and we should demand action. I mean, we have got to keep the pressure up on the president.And I hope, when he goes to the border tomorrow, that he will actually talk to somebody that will tell him what`s really happening and what has been happening down there.CAVUTO: Do you get a sense -- when the president had an opportunity today, Governor, to talk about crime, that was an unscheduled event. He made a big point of saying the progress we have made on crime, but he did not mention at all the Laken Hope Riley tragic death.In fact, he didn`t mention any of the cases that have come up in your state or anything having to do with any -- anyone illegally here.KEMP: Yes, I mean, I read stories today about other instances where you had people here illegally that had committed murders and violent crimes in places like Louisiana, Maryland, and then Colorado.And we know, obviously, what happened in Georgia. And we know the amount of fentanyl that`s sent into our country. I mean, we know the amount of people that we`re losing, our children, to one dose of fentanyl that`s coming across the southern border. We know that the cartel is being emboldened by this and enriched as well.And to not link the crime that we have in our country with what`s happening with the southern porous border that we have is just insane, to me. I mean, I guess he just simply does not get it.CAVUTO: While I have you, Governor, if you will excuse me, I mean, the Fani Willis trial and her relationship with another prosecutor, how long that was known, and whether this entire case against Donald Trump, at least in Georgia, should be dismissed or start over, or she should be dismissed, Geoff Duncan, your former lieutenant governor, dismissed a lot of these accusations against Fani Willis as a sideshow.Do you?KEMP: Well, I think it`s more like a soap opera than a sideshow to me.I got to be careful, Neil, about what I -- what I`m saying. I was subpoenaed by the special grand jury that she did.CAVUTO: I understand.KEMP: But, listen, I said a long time ago that this was political, and it`s gotten more political now, and I think she`s understanding now the politics on the other side of this, because of, quite honestly, what appears to be her own actions.But I think we need to let the judge work through this. I think Judge McAfee will work through it in a fair and good way, and we will see what he says, and then we can take it from there.CAVUTO: All right, but not a sideshow to you. That is, I think his view was, Governor -- I understand how carefully you have to be in answering this -- that, whatever you make of her relationship or anything, it shouldn`t get in the way of getting to the bottom of what Donald Trump might have done to influence the final vote in your state?KEMP: Well, I would just say this, Neil.When you`re a prosecutor and you`re picking high-profile cases, regardless if it`s this one or any others, I mean, there`s going to be a lot of people watching. And when you don`t have your I`s dotted and your T`s crossed, and things like this happen, I mean, people are going to take advantage of that.She made this political, and now the other side`s making it political, and it`s up to Judge McAfee to be the referee, and it`s going to be interesting to see what he does.CAVUTO: Yes, very interesting.Governor, thank you very much with all this breaking news. Always appreciate it, sir.KEMP: Thanks, Neil.CAVUTO: All right.