JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right.KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's wonderful.WATTERS: Shannon.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: OK. So, I would love for you to join me on "FOX NEWS SUNDAY". We've got senators Tim Kaine and Senator Tom Cotton. We'll see you on Sunday.WATTERS: And there is a rumor there is going to be arm-wrestling between those two senators?BREAM: For charity.PAVLICH: Yes.WATTERS: For charity.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Kaine and Cotton.PAVLICH: On your (INAUDIBLE).WATTERS: All right. Place your bets now.We'll see you guys back here on Monday. Have a great weekend, everybody.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Good evening. Welcome to Washington. I'm Rich Edson, in for Bret Baier."BREAKING TONIGHT", we are following three developing stories. Britain's Princess Kate is undergoing what she calls preventative chemotherapy for cancer.The revelation comes after weeks of speculation about her health and whereabouts.Here in Washington, there is new turmoil in the House of Representatives. And outspoken Republican congresswoman has taken the first step towards possible removal of speaker Mike Johnson.This comes as senators consider legislation just passed by the House to keep the federal government running past midnight tonight.And we begin with an attack at a Moscow concert hall. It leaves, at least, 40 people dead, and more than 100 injured.It happened days after the U.S. embassy there warned of an increased threat. The ISIS terror group is claiming responsibility.Let's get the latest from correspondent Alex Hogan in London tonight. Hello, Alex.ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Rich.ISIS on its telegram channel is reclaiming responsibility. And this comes just two weeks after the U.S. Embassy in Moscow warned of the increased risk of terroristic plans to target large gatherings of people in Moscow, specifically, naming concerts.Well tonight, that concert hall continues to smolder where gunman entered earlier tonight, opening fire, as many as five men wearing camouflage, open fire. And according to Russian security forces, 40 people are dead, 100 are wounded.Witnesses describe the terrifying moments of watching a concert and then, running for their lives. People screaming, pushing, creating a stampede.It's not exactly clear how the building caught on fire, but there were claims of a blast with the gunman barricaded inside and reportedly throwing explosives. Helicopters air dropped water to try to put out some of these flames. Russia tonight is tightening its security across the city as well as at airports, banning large public gatherings over the weekend.And today, Washington is doubling down on its words of cautions for Americans, who are still there.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: The State Department reissued a warning today, reminding Americans that are living in Moscow to stay away from populated areas and certainly gathering places, like concert halls, and shopping malls.(END VIDEO CLIP)HOGAN: Ukraine says it has nothing to do with this attack. The Kremlin says that Russian President Vladimir Putin continues to receive more updates. There has been no formal response from Russia as opposed -- as pertaining to ISIS's claims of responsibility. And the death toll from this attack, Rich, is only expected to rise.EDSON: And Alex, another big story overseas today. Secretary of State Antony Blinken's visit to Israel. What's the latest there?HOGAN: Well, Blinken in this visit, had some tense talks. He met with the country's war Cabinet, as well as with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. And Blinken, reiterated this message, demanding more humanitarian aid for Gaza, but also cautioning that any ground offensive in the city of Rafah, which is the southernmost city where the vast majority of the population have sought refuge that, that would have global consequences.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANTONY BLINKEN, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: It risks killing more civilians, it risks wreaking greater havoc with the provision of humanitarian assistance. It risks further isolating Israel around the world and jeopardizing its long-term security and standing.(END VIDEO CLIP)HOGAN: Well, a bold response from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who said that going through Rafah is the only way to defeat Hamas. He said that he wants the U.S.'s to support, but it is not necessary, and if they do not have it, they will move forward, anyway. Rich.EDSON: Alex Hogan, live for us tonight in London. Thanks, Alex.It is a busy night on Capitol Hill as well. The Senate considers a spending bill to keep the government open. And the House is in turmoil over another challenge to the Speaker.Congressional correspondent Aishah Hasnie, tells us where things stand right now on both fronts. Evening, Aishah.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Rich, good evening to you as well. Six hours before this government shutdown and the Senate is nowhere close to coming to an agreement to put this bill on the floor.We are told that they are still talking about amendments. They are debating on the floor right now. And they are also talking about all the drama that unfolded in the House today.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): -- need a new Speaker. This is not personal against Mike Johnson.HASNIE (voice over): Republican congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene, stunning Capitol Hill today by filing a motion to vacate the Speaker.GREENE: We need real leaders that know how to fight, that know how to walk in a room, and don't get rolled by the deep state, and don't get rolled by the Democrats.HASNIE (voice over): Greene hasn't made the motion privileged yet. Meaning, there won't be an immediate vote to oust the Speaker. But she's already receiving intense pushback from her own colleagues.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They do, it's (INAUDIBLE).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know anybody like cares what Marjorie Taylor Greene says.REP. MIKE LAWLER (R-NY): I think it's not only idiotic, but it actually does not do anything to advance the conservative movement.HASNIE (voice over): Democrats on the other hand, pouncing to take advantage of the Speaker's vulnerability.REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): Speaker Johnson has a plan for getting desperately needed aid to our allies in Ukraine, then, you know, we're all yours.HASNIE (voice over): Greene, filed the motion during a House vote on a $1.2 trillion government funding bill that passed with Democratic help. Conservatives angry the 1000-page document filled with earmarks was dropped in the middle of the night.Over in the Senate, the funding package overcame its first procedural vote tonight, but it may not make it across the finish line by the midnight deadline, leading to a partial government shutdown.The two sides negotiating amendments, including border provisions, like the Laken Riley Act.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't think it's too much for it to ask.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE: So, Rich, Speaker Johnson hasn't commented yet on that motion to vacate. But he's got another headache, now. Congressman Mike Gallagher announced that he is leaving Congress next month. He is out early.That coupled with the resignation of Ken Buck, at the end of the day today. It means that Johnson can only lose one Republican now, on any upcoming vote. A very slim majority. Rich.EDSON: Slim indeed, Aishah Hasnie, thanks for joining us.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GREENE: I do not wish to inflict pain on our conference and to throw the -- throw the House in chaos. But this is basically a warning and it's time for us to go through, through the process, take our time and find a new Speaker of the House.SEN. MARK WARNER (D-VA): We've got to have a functioning House of Representatives at some point. So, actually, working in a bipartisan manner, I think the American people would actually like that.(END VIDEO CLIP)EDSON: Let's talk about the budget and leadership situations. Joining us tonight is Trey Gowdy, former congressman from South Carolina. Trey, thanks very much for joining us tonight. Let's start with the budget that's looking like it's going to pass eventually in the Senate tonight.Do you think Speaker Johnson and Republicans got the best deal here that they could have gotten given that they don't control the senate or the White House?TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: So, I don't know. I mean, I you know, Speaker Johnson -- Speaker McCarthy, I think got a better deal. But remember, they got rid of him. Rich, all you got to do is look back to November, November midterms where the House Republicans underperformed. Look back to Georgia. And what was that? 2021, two Georgia Republican senators were defeated.So, if you're wondering why you're trying to negotiate against Chuck Schumer and Joe Biden is, because Republicans can't pick the right candidate, and they can't win elections.And now, the margin is what? Razor thin in the House. They're on the verge of losing the House. You want to see a bad budget bill? Let the Democrats control the House, the Senate and the White House. They got nobody to blame but themselves for picking the wrong candidates, running a bad races and losing winnable elections.EDSON: And that brings itself too, to the bills that the House actually passed. If you can't get spending bills through the House, which is the Republican Conference largely couldn't have a Republican only bill. That really shoot your negotiating when you're talking to Democrats in the Senate. Right?GOWDY: Of course, it does. I mean, the Democrats in the Senate are watching. You have the loudest Republican voices, the ones who complain the most that McCarthy didn't get spending bills through the House were the ones voting to keep those bills from coming up for a vote.I mean, they are the ones who voted against the rule. So, look, I like Mike Johnson. He was a great colleague. He's a wonderful person. You and I would not be talking about Speaker Mike Johnson, had it not been for Matt Gaetz and seven of his comrades who decided to pursue fame and get rid of Kevin McCarthy. What have they gotten as a result of that? How has the house been improved?So, they are getting ready to go on Easter recess. They could be talking about the border. They could be talking about inflation, Rob Hur special counsel report. But no, they are going to be talking about an internecine battle, which does not help you win the Senate in November, it doesn't help you win the White House, and it doesn't help you grow your GOP margin in the House.EDSON: In a few weeks. are we going to be seeing three more weeks, four more weeks without a Speaker of the House? And then, what does that mean, we're even closer to the November elections?GOWDY: What person that can pass a competency test would want to be the Speaker of the House. What person who would -- who could actually pass a psychiatric competency test, would want to lead a group that includes Matt Gaetz and Bob Good, and some of the other people that you just show.I mean, Mike Johnson is as good as (INAUDIBLE) you had a Speaker. Remember, you had Kevin McCarthy.(CROSSTALK)EDSON: Yes.GOWDY: And you wanted to get rid of him and Jimmy Jordan wasn't good enough, and Tom Emmer wasn't good enough, and Steve Scalise. So, no, you got Mike Johnson.EDSON: Trey, I don't think they are going to -- I don't think if they asked you to come back to run for Speaker. I think that's a no, right?GOWDY: I'm so broken off. I -- the tears you see or how much I miss being up there, Rich. I just got -- and I just miss it so much.EDSON: Trey Gowdy, always a pleasure. Thanks for joining us tonight.GOWDY: You too, Rich. Thank you.EDSON: Now, to news about the Princess of Wales. The cancer diagnosis came after what Kate called major abdominal surgery. The 42-year-old mother of three had not been seen in public since Christmas until this week.Chief correspondent Jonathan Hunt has details and reaction tonight. Hello, Jonathan.JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Rich.After two months of speculation about her health and whereabouts, the Princess of Wales sitting alone for a videotaped message, delivered the stunning news of her cancer diagnosis, which was apparently made following her abdominal surgery in January.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KATE MIDDLETON, PRINCESS OF WALES: The surgery was successful. However, tests after the operation, found cancer had been present. My medical team therefore advised that I should undergo a course of preventative chemotherapy. And I'm now in the early stages of that treatment.HUNT (voice over): The vacuum left by a lack of information from the palace since January had been filled with rumor and speculation, some of it lurid. But the princess had a simple reason for the silence until now. Her family.MIDDLETON: It has taken us time to explain everything to George, Charlotte, and Louis, in a way that's appropriate for them, and to reassure them that I'm going to be OK.We hope that you will understand that as a family, we now need some time, space, and privacy, while I complete my treatment.HUNT (voice over): White House reaction reflected the shock felt around the world.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Our thoughts are with the Duchess of Cambridge and her family, members and friends, during this incredibly difficult time. And certainly, we wish her a full recovery. And I think it's important that we respect their privacy, especially at this time.HUNT (voice over): Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, largely estranged from the royal family in recent months, of course, issued a one-line statement. Saying, "We wish health and healing for Kate and the family, and hope they are able to do so privately and in peace."(END VIDEOTAPE)HUNT (on camera): Officials at Buckingham Palace said King Charles, who is also being treated for cancer is "proud" of Catherine for her courage. And that the king and his wife, Camilla, will continue to offer their love and support to the Princess of Wales and her family. Rich?EDSON: Jonathan Hunt, live for us tonight. Jonathan, thank you.Stocks were mixed. The Dow lost 305. The S&P 500 was off seven. NASDAQ gained 27.Good week though for stocks. The Dow was up almost two percentage points. The S&P 500 gained 2-1/3. NASDAQ jumped nearly three.Up next, who President Biden and his team are blaming for yesterday's stunning border surge along the Texas Mexico boundary. First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight.Supporters of an anti-corruption crusader hold protests against his arrest. Opposition parties in India say the detention of Arvind Kejriwal is part of a crackdown by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his government before national elections.Kejriwal is new Delhi's top elected official. He was arrested Thursday night and accused of accepting bribes.And this is a live look at Paris. One of the big stories there tonight. Germany and France reach agreement on how to develop a plan that next generation tank split up the task between the two nations.The main ground combat system is supposed to replace tanks currently used by the two nations. It is the second major arms industry project between the two countries along their ambitions to build a next generation fighter jet.Just some of the other stories, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: President Biden and his team are blaming former President Trump and congressional Republicans for yesterday's dramatic storming of several hundred migrants across the border and into the United States. White House Correspondent Peter Doocy has the details tonight for us. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Rich, officials here are not taking responsibility for that dangerous and chaotic fight at the southern border. In fact, they won't even tell us if President Biden has seen the dramatic video of border crossers brawling with Texas National Guardsmen.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY: If that was happening anywhere else in the world, would President Biden send reinforcements?KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: So, two things, everyone was apprehended by the Border Patrol agents, that is important to note. They were apprehended --DOOCY: Were they deported?JEAN-PIERRE: They were apprehended. I can't speak to individual cases.DOOCY (voice over): An eyewitness says most were not deported.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jennie, do you know if any of them did make it into the interior of the United States?JENNIE TAER, REPORTER, NEW YORK POST: Yes, many of these people did get processed by Border Patrol under Title eight which is what is typically used for the what we know is catching yes, many of these people did get processed by Border Patrol under Title 8, which is what is typically used for the what we know is catch and release.DOOCY (voice over): A vast majority of February's border crossers, roughly 141,000 out of 190,000 came between ports of entry. White House officials claimed the only solution is an all but dead bipartisan Senate bill and they argue problems for National Guardsmen in Texas aren't their fault because the president didn't order them there.JEAN-PIERRE: That's a question for, you know, the Republican governor of Texas.DOOCY (voice over): Strong third party candidates are not helping President Biden's reelection chances. in Pennsylvania. He's tied with Trump in a CNN poll. But once RFK Jr. and Cornel West are considered, Trump takes a two point lead. And in Michigan, Trump's eight point lead over Biden head to head only shrinks to a six point lead once Kennedy and West are included.JEAN-PIERRE: We're not thinking about helping Joe Biden, we're thinking about helping the American people.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): Officials here are hoping to turn things around by reminding Democrats and independents about the good old days they had Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi here today, filming something for tomorrow's 40th anniversary of Obamacare. It is a safe bet that the current president will likely make a joke about what he said that day that it was a big bleeping deal, Rich.EDSON: Getting the band back together. Peter Doocy live for us at the White House. Peter, thank you.A federal judge has rejected a conservative legal groups of lawsuit against a controversial Washington D.C. law. Allowing non-citizens including illegal immigrants and foreign embassy staff members to vote in municipal elections.The judge ruled the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the law because they could not demonstrate how they are harmed by non-citizens who vote and run for local office.Former President Trump has until Monday to secure a $454 million bond or see his bank accounts drained and properties eventually seized. He's waiting for a decision on his appeal from a state court. Until then, his social media platform Truth Social could help him master the art of the deal. Correspondent CB Cotton shows us tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CB COTTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Staring down a Monday deadline to secure a bond for nearly half a billion dollars, former President Donald Trump says he's got the cash and the gumption. Telling Fox News digital, "I'll fight this all the way up to the U.S. Supreme Court if necessary."The former president also told Fox digital he has nearly 500 million in cash and properties driving loads of money but added, "That doesn't mean I'm going to give money to a rogue and incompetent judge, the puppet of a corrupt attorney general."Trump's criticism for those involved in the New York civil fraud trial against him, Judge Arthur Engoron and New York Attorney General Letitia James comes after his legal team told the court Trump had been unable to secure a bond for the $454 million civil fraud judgment against him.Trump's lawyers have asked the court to waive the bond or accept a smaller amount while they appeal the massive judgement. No one's ruled but there could be new cash flows on the horizon for Trump.On Thursday, the Associated Press broke word of the fundraising agreement between Trump and the RNC, placing the committee third in line after Trump's campaign and his primary political action committee Save America.Save America has paid legal expenses in the past, but a spokesperson noted, "Save America also covers a very active and robust post presidency office and other various expenses."Another source of cash that could be freed up is through Trump's social media company, which manages Truth Social, it will be going public. There is a potential windfall of three billion or more for Trump, who's got a majority stake, but only if the board waives a six month lockup period on his shares.(END VIDEOTAPE)COTTON (on camera): While New York Attorney General Letitia James has taken some initial steps to seize property should Trump not come up with the bond, legal experts tell us, she'll likely go after Trump's bank accounts first, Rich.EDSON: CB Cotton for us tonight. CB, thank you.Up next, Chad Pergram talks to Pennsylvania Democratic Senator John Fetterman about his views on the border crisis and the Israel-Hamas war.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)EDSON: Senator John Fetterman is not a typical politician. The Pennsylvania Democrat is known for his unconventional satirical style. He's fought physical and mental health issues. And he's also frustrated colleagues by straying from the party line on a number of issues, including his attire.Tonight, he talks with Senior Congressional Correspondent Chad Pergram.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, thank you for joining us here. In your short period of time in the Senate you have sometimes plowed a different road than some of your democratic colleagues on different issues. Talk about how you arrived at those decisions that differ from what some people expected from you politically when you came to the Senate.SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN, (D-PA): Yes. I know that some people are caught by surprise. And even when I just said in passing that I'm not a progressive. And I have been saying that for years, actually.Well, no, like honestly, I'm overwhelmed.I mean, I have just really been committed to really being on what I thought was like the right side on these things, and maybe politically it might be less popular with parts of our base.PERGRAM: It kind of seemed like when we saw the change, or when you and I first talked, it was on the border and border security, that that was something that you differed from some of your Democratic colleagues.FETTERMAN: Well, sure. And then when you started just following the numbers that are coming, again, and then when you've reached 200,000 or 250,000 folks that are encounters on the border, that's astonishing. And then just putting that into context of Pennsylvania, I was like, my goodness, that's nearly the size of Pittsburgh. And that's our second largest city.And right now, it's like you can be very pro-immigration but also demand and require that we have are a secure border there as well, too. And I don't know why that's really controversial for a Democrat or any American to be pro-immigration.PERGRAM: Another area where you differed was the Middle East, and just the other day I guess you had talked to some of the Republicans, saying couldn't you sit in on the meeting when they had a virtual meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu. Who did you approach on that? What did they say?FETTERMAN: No. I was very disappointed that our caucus wasn't -- we didn't have the opportunity to do that. I really wanted to hear from Netanyahu. In fact, I even asked the Republicans, back channels, hey, can I just sit there? I don't even have any questions. And I have always been incredibly surprised why we are not talking about where this was because of Hamas and the things that they have done. And that why aren't there is a protest kind of a surge to demand that Hamas surrender on this. If you really want to end all the, you know, just the misery and the death and the destruction, just, if they would just surrender, and it would end tomorrow. Release everybody, send them home. And that's been very frustrating.And then we're talking about now there's 31,000 Palestinians that were killed. And well, you are not talking about 13,000 or more are actually Hamas fighters on that. So, why aren't you breaking that out as well, too? And then if you do, and talk about the casualty ratio, it's actually very clear that this isn't a genocide or that the Israelis are targeting civilians. In fact, the only ones that target civilians, that's Hamas.PERGRAM: Here's a name, and I want you to respond.SEN. BOB MENENDEZ, (D-NJ): Timely hearing on the unfolding circumstances in Egypt.PERGRAM: Bob Menendez.FETTERMAN: Well, at this point, it's almost moot. His trial is less than two months from now. And again, it's going to be -- that's going to address that. I can't imagine how with the kinds of evidence and, I mean, I also remind everybody to remember that this is his second trip to the prom, you know, and he barely just got out from that. And now he has been out credibly accused of being a foreign agent for three nations, in fact. Two of them are critical negotiation partners in Gaza situation with Hamas. And how is this individual allowed to attend classified briefings on that? It's astonishing.And it's been frustrating where if someone is more concerned about that I could wear a hoodie, then it's like why -- this seems to be more urgent from making sure that the Senate's reputation isn't damaged.PERGRAM: Why do you think that members have kind of not called for him to be expelled, or gone as far as you have? You have been the most outspoken person when it comes to Menendez.FETTERMAN: I don't know. But what I can say is that Santos was expelled, and the Republicans did the right thing on that. And that actually cost them a seat. So I thought that was a principled stand.PERGRAM: When you came into the Senate you had had the health issues on the campaign trail, then you were hospitalized for a while. Talk about the challenge that that posed as you were trying to represent the people of Pennsylvania, take on this new job, understanding the folk ways of the Senate. That's a lot.FETTERMAN: Of course, but all those health issues was weaponized, and it was categorized that something that really wasn't actually true. I like to think we are having very normal conversation that we have as well, too. I'm using captioning right now to fully participate on it. No different than you have glasses. It's that -- I'm able to process that fully, and all of these other parts.PERGRAM: Show viewers how this worked. You use this when we talk to you in the hall and do an interview. So you, that translates what I'm saying.FETTERMAN: Yes.PERGRAM: And then with you, you see what you are saying as well?FETTERMAN: Yes, exactly. And this allows me, just the way, perhaps, if you wear your glasses to read because you can't really, you know. And for this, it's like the fully process things. I want to make sure so I can be precise when you ask, I have the captioning. And that's just a tool. And that allows me to fully participate on interviews or conversations with my children or with my colleagues or anywhere.PERGRAM: Give us a sense of how you are feeling now compared to last February, last January, when you came in, all the stress of joining the Senate, being hospitalized, and then how you feel now a year later.FETTERMAN: Well, I feel great. I feel very fortunate every day to be a part of this. And I just hope that anyone with a stories or some of the things that I have gone through, I can help somebody, and that's part of that message. And sometimes where there has been positions that I have, whether it's on Israel or the border, where some people that are in the more progressive or the left side aren't happy, but I do think it's important in these kind of situations to really lean in on that, because I really want to follow what I think is the truth, not whether how it might be polls or anything like that. I think that's what's critical.PERGRAM: Senator Fetterman, thank you for your time. Thank you for joining us.FETTERMAN: Yes, well, it's always a pleasure to speak with you. Thank you.(END VIDEO TAPE)EDSON: Chad Pergram and Senator John Fetterman there. Chad, thank you.Up next, the panel on chaos in the House, chaos at the border, and former President Trump's legal troubles.First, here is what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 17 in Nashville as the body of a missing college student is pulled from the Cumberland River. Riley Strain disappeared March 8th after he was asked to leave a bar on lower Broadway because he was apparently intoxicated. Police say there is no indication of foul play related trauma.FOX 7 in Austin, Texas, with at least two people dead after a crash involving a school bus and an 18-wheeler. Authorities say more than 40 people are involved. Students on the bus were returning from a field trip to the zoo.And this is a live look at Atlanta where FOX 5 showing us one of the big stories there and around the country tonight, a nearly $1 billion Mega Millions jackpot on the line tonight. The drawing is 11:00 p.m. eastern for the estimated $977 million prize. The jackpot ranks as tenth largest in U.S. lottery history.That's tonight's look from outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)EDSON: This is live look at Moscow tonight. As have you seen and we've reported on, there was a terrorist attack there. At least 40 people are dead from media reports that we are seeing there. We are now hearing from "The New York Times" that a branch of the Islamic State claimed responsibility Friday for the attack on Moscow that killed at least 40 people, and U.S. officials confirmed the claim shortly thereafter. That is according to a report in "The New York Times" and your live look at Moscow there.On that and all the other news the day, let's bring in our panel, "Washington Post" columnist "Washington Post" columnist Marc Thiessen, Daniel Lippman of "Politico," and Mollie Hemingway the editor in chief at "The Federalist." Marc, let's start right across the block there. Are we going to have another few weeks of trying to elect a speaker, or what happens?MARC THIESSEN, COLUMNIST, "WASHINGTON POST": God help us. The House Republican majority is a dysfunctional embarrassment. Speaker Johnson didn't ask for this job. He stepped up when the House couldn't elect a replacement for Kevin McCarthy. He's trying to manage an unmanageable conference. Republicans need to understand that they control one half of one branch of government, and now they are going to control it by one vote. You can't impose your will on the entire government when you have one half of one branch of government with one vote.If you want -- I want to cut spending, too. I want to do all these things. If you want to do that, there is a simple way to do it -- win elections. Don't nominate lunatics. Get people who can actually win a general election, not just a Republican primary. Take back the Senate, take back the White House. That's how Biden got the spending through. So if we want to cut the spending, that's how you get to do it. You can't do it by having this internal chaos.EDSON: Mollie, when you look at what Speaker Johnson inherited, what he inherited from Speaker McCarthy and the House majority he inherited, Democrats controlling the Senate, Democrats controlling the White House. Could he have done a better job in these negotiations?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, EDITOR IN CHIEF, "THE FEDERALIST": Yes. Part of the way that you win elections is by giving people things to vote for. You had a majority of Republicans not vote for this package today. You have had routinely situations where all the major legislative accomplishments under our new speaker have been with a majority -- have been mostly supported by Democrats and not Republicans. So it's almost like Mike Johnson is running a coalition government where Democrats are running all of the -- calling all of the shots.And so it is important, if Republicans want to win, that they give voters a reason to think that there's something good that happens when they are in power. There is no question that Mike Johnson has a very difficult situation, but giving Democrats everything they wanted was not the answer here.EDSON: So, Daniel, you look at the balance of power now in the House, you've got 219 to 213. You have got Congressman Buck who leaves tonight. You've got Congressman Mike Gallagher who is leaving in a few weeks. It gives them one vote, just one vote, Republicans, to do pretty much anything in the House. That's not a lot of room to spare. What happens legislatively? They have funded the government, but after this, can they get anything through the House?DANIEL LIPPMAN, "POLITICO": Well, they have a Democratic Senate, which makes it very hard for Republican priorities in the House to actually get passed in at Democratic Senate and signed by Joe Biden. So in an election year, no one's to take tough votes. But they are not even putting them on the floor. And so I don't think we can expect that much action beyond what they did on -- what he they're doing on immigration, not a comprehensive immigration border bill. And I think this is -- there's is a reason we see Congress has 15 percent approval for these types of things.EDSON: Marc, a lot of the discussion has been the foreign policy aid, aid to Israel, aid to Ukraine. Is this a situation where it could be you a lame duck speaker who might work with moderates and Democrats to put something on the floor? Or can we say that that foreign aid probably won't pass the House?THIESSEN: I think it's going to pass. I think Speaker Johnson, first of all, he has committed that Russia is not going to prevail in Ukraine and that the House is not going to abandon Ukraine. The majority of Americans support Ukraine. The majority of Republicans in the House support Ukraine. A lot of them, I had Brian Fitzpatrick on my podcast and he would come up to me and he told me that people come up to him on the floor and say I can't vote for it, but I hope you get Ukraine aid passed. And then democrats would come up to him on the floor and say, I can't vote for it, but I hope you get border security passed.There is a lot of lack of courage in the House, but this has got to get done, because if Ukraine aid doesn't get passed and Putin starts making advances now and breaks the Ukrainian lines, when Donald Trump comes to the White House in January, he's not going to have any leverage to negotiate a deal. So if you support Donald Trump and want him to have a big foreign policy victory, you better get Ukraine aid passed.EDSON: Mollie, let's take a trip up to New York where the former president has a bill due this weekend. How do you think that plays out?HEMINGWAY: Well, it's just absolutely stunning what we are dealing with in this case. You have him having to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to appeal a judgment for a crime that's not a crime. I don't know if people realize that what he was -- his whole problem is that he took out a loan and repaid it with interest and everybody was happy. And for that, he has to pay $454 million? This Letitia James who ran for office, it sort of reminds me of that Soviet secret police chief who said show me the man and I will find you the crime. So she said, if you elect me, I will go after my top political opponent, Donald Trump. It's kind of unbelievable that this is being allowed to happen. You won't have a republic if you allow things like this to happen. And it is a much more serious situation than I think a lot of people realize.EDSON: Daniel, the Associated Press is reporting that there's a new fundraising agreement with the Republican National Committee, Trump's fundraising apparatus, that basically allows certain money from the PAC to go and pay for legal bills. Do you think that the former president is going to have trouble raising money if supporters know that some of that might be going to pay his legal bills, or do they see that as part of getting elected?LIPPMAN: Well, he already has trouble raising tons of money because he is behind, way behind Democrats, tens of millions of dollars in that margin. And so, of course, money isn't everything in politics. He is still leading in polls. But there's a lot of small dollar donors, big donors who say, hey, this is a billionaire, shouldn't he be paying his own legal expenses? I want to only support get-out-the-vote programs and TV ads, not paying lawyers to get their second house. These people are charging thousands of dollars an hour, basically.EDSON: And Marc, what about that? How much of a disadvantage, very quickly, is the former president given that he has these massive legal bills?THIESSEN: I'll tell you what, massive legal bills, but I will tell you, they better hope that the court reduces his bond, because if Letetia James walks into Trump Tower and puts an eviction notice on it and starts walking around her newly claimed property and tries to seize it from him, that's going to get Donald Trump elected because people are going to be outraged by it, and rightly so.EDSON: In-kind contribution, maybe. Great first round. Up next, the Friday Lightening Round, plus Winners and Losers, and later, "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN, (D-PA): And I have always been incredibly surprised why we're not talking about where this was because of Hamas and the things that they have done. If you really want to end all the, you know, just the misery and the death and the destruction, just, if they would just surrender, and it would end tomorrow. Release everybody, send them home. And that's been very frustrating.(END VIDEO CLIP)EDSON: And we are back with our panel.Marc, on lightning round here, and this is the lightning round, real quick answers here. The Senate is losing Senator Joe Manchin. Is John Fetterman the next gettable vote for Republicans?THIESSEN: He may be. And I just want to -- if he is still watching tonight, I want to apologize for everything I said about you during the campaign. He has turned out to be my favorite Democratic senator. He's sort of like a Scoop Jackson Democrat in the olden days who is hawkish on foreign policy, liberal on domestic policy. But what I love about him is he's willing to take on his own side when they're wrong. And I think we need more of that on both the Republican and Democratic Party.EDSON: Mollie, what did you think of the interview?HEMINGWAY: Yes, that's what's so interesting. When he ran for office Fetterman claimed he was very progressive. And he has turned out to be much more moderate than the supposedly moderate other senator from Pennsylvania, Bob Casey, who just today was calling for, for instance, a ceasefire in Israel without return of hostages.EDSON: And Daniel, real quick turn here to something "Axios" is reporting, that Secretary of State Antony Blinken while in Israel told Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu you need a coherent plan or face disaster in Gaza. What do you make of that? Does Blinken's warning have much of a chance of resonating with the war cabinet there?LIPPMAN: It seems like Netanyahu wants to do whatever he wants. And he is kind of not listening to what Joe Biden said, saying he might have to have a come to Jesus moment. But Democrats are still think that they can get Jewish voters. They look at Trump, what he said, saying Jewish voters hate Israel if they vote for Democrats. A lot of people say that's odd rhetoric.EDSON: Yes. Well, we had just a heck of a week just today, but for the whole week, Marc, who are your winners and losers?THIESSEN: My loser is Marjorie Taylor Greene who just filed a motion to vacate. As Alfred said to Bruce Wayne, some people just want to see the world burn.My winner is Mike Gallagher. I wish he would finish his term. Mike, if you are watching. But he is one of the best members of Congress we have, passed the TikTok ban. I think the fact that he is leaving and Marjorie Taylor Greene is staying tells you everything that's wrong with the Republican Party today.EDSON: Mollie?HEMINGWAY: My winner is Oakland University which was the 14th seed that defeated University of Kentucky with a Hillsdale grad transfer who did 10 three-point shots. Just amazing.And my loser is Christine Blasey Ford who is once again peddling a memoir where she makes allegations that are not supported by even her closest friends and family, and people who supported that should feel deep shame.EDSON: Mollie, back to your first winner. How is your bracket?HEMINGWAY: It's doing all right.EDSON: As usual, mine is absolutely terrible. Daniel?LIPPMAN: My winner is Bernie Moreno who is poised to do so have a good challenge against Sherrod Brown. He ran for Senate two years before and he was able to beat a primary where there was salacious stuff being turned against him. My loser is David Trone, the Maryland Democratic Senate candidate who said a racist remark yesterday that no one should ever say, and especially that's hard in the Democratic Party where black voters are so important.EDSON: And this is also when he is running against a governor who was one of the most popular governors in the country, a Republican elected to Maryland.LIPPMAN: Yes. We might see Republicans poor a good amount of money in Maryland to try to flip a seat, because they are going to face a pretty tough map.EDSON: Yes, it's an unbelievably tough map. And look at West Virginia, too. Senator Joe Manchin, full circle here.Well, gang, it's that time of the day and time of the week -- Friday. Time for "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You have an easier time of getting into this country illegally than you do just to be rescued as a United States citizen.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Border Patrol taking orders from Joe Biden and Secretary Mayorkas, that's the March madness.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: When you look at this video, it's pretty dramatic.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. I haven't seen the video.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm playing it right now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: An endorsement from President Donald J. Trump is the most powerful endorsement in modern political history.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We are going to beat him again.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Forcing him to sell prized property such as Trump Tower is manifesting justice.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I answered the question. RICO, you are obviously not familiar with.REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ, (D-NY): RICO is not a crime. It is a category. What is the crime.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, no, it's a category of crimes.REP. JIM COMER, (R-KY) HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: Either Joe Biden is complicit or Joe Biden is incompetent.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know the exact number of Americans that were left behind because the starting number was never clear.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I thought it was a closing act, chairman.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Go -- yourself.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He had his waterboy Chuck Schumer give that speech going after our closest ally in the Middle East.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Is he shouting and swearing about Netanyahu or about Hamas or about his poll numbers?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is the "when did you stop beating your spouse" question.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's been a long day. I would tell him to hold my beer, but it's too early for that.(END VIDEO CLIP)EDSON: Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, we will take a look at the Maryland Senate race -- we were just talking about that -- where former governor Larry Hogan tries to flip a blue seat to the red column.Remember, if you can't catch us live, you can set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. eastern, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Please join Shannon Bream for FOX NEWS SUNDAY. Her guests are Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton and Virginia Senator Tim Kaine.Thanks for watching SPECIAL REPORT. I'm Rich Edson in Washington. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" is next.