(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Out of time! Thanks to Jeff Dye, Erin Perrine, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It's 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and this is America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.And breaking tonight, we have brand new exclusive Fox News video showing another attack by illegal migrants. This time, the victim is in New York homeowner. We are told the beating happened moments after the migrant stolen Israeli flag from the homeowner's yard.Meantime, presidential candidate Nikki Haley is about to make her first FOX NEWS @ NIGHT appearance. She'll talk Nevada, South Carolina, and beyond if there is a beyond.But we begin with brand new allegations and very compelling evidence showing that you are not just paranoid, because the Biden administration appears to be targeting conservatives.The senior national correspondent Kevin Corke is live in D.C. with more on the evidence. Kevin, good evening.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Evening, Trace.We intend to investigate. Those are the words of Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen, in lighting past straightforward questioning about whether the Treasury Department instructed financial institutions in this country to monitor legal purchases or signs of "extremism".Now, according, to the House Judiciary Committee, last month, federal investigators allegedly asked banks to search and to filter customer transactions by using terms like MAGA and Trump. As part of an investigation into the protest at the Capitol on January the 6th. Warning that purchases of "religious texts" could indicate extremism.The committee also obtained documents that indicate officials suggested that banks query transactions with keywords like Dick's Sporting Goods, Cabela's, Bass Pro Shops, and more.The terms and codes were discovered as part of a House judiciary committee and subcommittee on the weaponization of the federal government investigation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ANN WAGNER (R-MO): Has Treasury, including FinCEN, or federal banking agencies like the Fed, FDIC, OCC, instructed financial institutions to search American's legal transactions and attempts to surveil their purchases?JANET YELLEN, UNITED STATES TREASURY SECRETARY: Well, we received the letter from you, I believe, on this topic, and we intend to investigate fully and to respond.(END VIDEO CLIP)CORKE: This, as House Judiciary Committee Chair Jim Jordan of Ohio released a trove of internal documents that he says shows Amazon censored COVID-19 content after feeling pressure from the Biden administration.What's more, the administration today, named a top White House aide as the director of the newly established Safety Institute for Artificial Intelligence.Elizabeth Kelly will lead the A.I. Safety Institute at the National Institute for Standards and Technology. Critics, Trace, say this is simply another veiled effort by the administration to shape and perhaps even censor A.I. information.GALLAGHER: We're going to talk about that. Kevin Corke, live for us in D.C. Kevin, thank you.Well, the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT "COMMON SENSE DEPARTMENT", remembers in early January, President Biden began his 2024 campaign by labelling Trump supporters as extremists. Low and behold, days later, the House Judiciary Committee says federal investigators began asking banks to search and filter transactions that would raise extremist red flags. And to look for inflammatory words like Trump and MAGA.E-mails from the feds also told the banks to pay very close attention to anyone who buys religious material like a Bible or subscribes to certain media that might have extremist views."COMMON SENSE" is offended.And if perchance you shop at Dick's Sporting Goods, Cabela's or Pro Bass Shops, you might want to lawyer up, because nothing says danger like Dick's. We're told the federal investigators are also very concerned about anyone who takes a plane, a bus, or a rental car to areas with no apparent purpose.Today, as Kevin said, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen was asked about surveilling conservative. She sidestepped, but did not deny. And because of that, we admit there is a little concern around here.Last Sunday, "COMMON SENSE" went to church, then the Dick's, in a rental car. You'll know there's trouble if you suddenly read about the Feds putting out an APB for a home-grown violent extremist wearing brand new tennis shoes.Let's bring in attorney Julie Hamill from the Alliance of Los Angeles County Parents, California GOP delegate rock extremist, wearing brand new tennis shoes. Let's bring an attorney Julie Hamel from the Alliance of Los Angeles County parents, California GOP delegate Roxanne Hoge, and board- certified medical doctor Houman Hemmati. Thank you all for coming on.Julie, to you first. You're a lawyer. You're a parent. I mean, this is very serious. You know, we had a little fun with "COMMON SENSE", but it's very serious.You're talking about maybe one side of the aisle targeting the other side.JULIE HAMILL, FOUNDER, ALLIANCE OF LOS ANGELES COUNTY PARENTS: Right? And we're laughing and we're smiling because you're funny. But this is very serious. And I know what it feels like to be put under surveillance by your government and its lawyers.And unfortunately, Roxanne does as well, because that happened to us. When we filed a lawsuit against the Department of Public Health. With the Alliance of Los Angeles County parents. The lawyers for the government in that case, track down Roxanne's home address, her kids' names, they put photos of my children into the court record, they put 300 pages of my tweets into the court record.It's very unnerving to be labelled an extremist because you want to enforce your constitutional rights against a government that you might be critical of.GALLAGHER: Yes, it's very -- yes, very fair, Roxanne. Bibles, rental cars, Dick's Sporting Good. I mean, they talk constantly about assaulting democracy, that's -- going after people's records is assaulting democracy.ROXANNE HOGE, CALIFORNIA GOP DELEGATE: Well, I just want to confess right here that I do. I did buy an American flag.GALLAGHER: do you do?HOGE: I did. I did.GALLAGHER: All right. There you go. That's a red flag.HOGE: And a common-sense mug -- the common-sense mug, that the words, common sense are going to soon be a problem.GALLAGHER: Everybody should have a common-sense mug.HOGE: Again, I came to this country from another country, I was born a British subject. And now, I'm an American citizen.And the thing that I love most of all, was our freedom of speech, our freedom of association. And apparently, our government doesn't really care so much about that.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is amazing. The New York Post writes this for you, Houman Hemmati, the doctor, "Amazon censored COVID-19 vaccine books after feeling pressure from the Biden White House."Going on to say, "The Biden administration pressured Amazon, to censor books related to COVID-19 vaccines in early 2021, citing concerns that the material contained 'propaganda' and 'misinformation'." They banned the books because they did not want dissent. And we all know it, Doctor.HOUMAN HEMMATI, BOARD-CERTIFIED M.D.: It's shocking, Trace. And this actually destroyed their credibility and cause people to make medical decisions believing that there is no other side, people started to believe well, if I don't see any information that says maybe vaccines aren't as effective, as they say, or aren't as safe, as they say, or maybe I don't need it, or my little 6-month-old doesn't need it. I guess that must mean that I do and they go and get it.An informed consent goes right out the window. They deleted any sense that there may be another side to it. And even doctors began to tell other doctors.GALLAGHER: Yes.HEMMATI: Including me. Come on, you haven't heard anything that says that. So, why do you believe that? I think it's crazy. And I -- even I, started questioning myself.GALLAGHER: Right. Yes. I mean, and that's a lot of people said the same thing. Like, you know, these Jay Bhattacharya, you talk to him and he says, hey, I mean, maybe we needed to look back on this. Everybody was knocking it down.But now we know they were knocking you down, because if they didn't agree with the narrative.Julie, to you now, even scary. The New York Post writes the following. "Twitter censorship of the Hunter Biden laptop story back in 2020, could soon be possible on an industrial scale," don't you know? "Thanks to A.I. tools. The report reveals how the Biden administration is spending millions on artificial Intel research designed to make anti misinformation tools, which could then be passed onto social media giants."You just give them the tools to cut out the narrative, Julie, that they don't like.HAMILL: This is terrifying. It's 1984. I don't even know what to say at this point. I'm hoping that with cases like Murthy v. Missouri, which is going before the Supreme Court in March.GALLAGHER: Yes.HAMILL: We will open people's eyes really to what's going on in the level of censorship. Hopefully, we'll get a good decision out of the United States Supreme Court and that will help influence things like this terrifying A.I. prospect.GALLAGHER: Yes. And the whole thing is based here, Roxanne, the fact that they believe the public cannot tell the difference between fact and fiction. So, we will -- we will tell you what you need to believe and think.HOGE: Well, I'm pretty sure it was Justice Brandeis who said the only cure for information that's wrong that you don't like is more information.GALLAGHER: Right.HOGE: And what we saw in our case against L.A. public health is that bureaucrats don't even -- they just -- the First Amendment is a speed bump on their way to ruling all of us.GALLAGHER: Yes. I mean, listen, conformity is the enemy of science. It's also the enemy of democracy. This is really uncharted territory. We talked about A.I., we talked about them going in and banning some online books.It's uncharted territory, and it's really something that we haven't heard a lot about, especially when it's being used against certain politics.HEMMATI: Well, when that POLITICS bleeds into health, that's when people start getting truly harmed. Right?GALLAGHER: That's right.HEMMATI: And that's my real concern. Because who defines what is true and what is not in the medical world?GALLAGHER: Right.HEMMATI: Even doctors' debate amongst themselves. And as Roxanne was suggesting, we need that open debate. We need people to say, you know what, maybe you're a little bit more wrong, maybe you're very wrong. Let me show you why. And without that discussion, doctors get it wrong, patients get it wrong, and ultimately, people get harmed, the people die. And I think we saw that happened during the pandemic and I think it's doesn't just go into the political system. It goes into the medical system, health care, and our lives as we live them.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think it's a fair assessment.Doctor Houman Hemmati, Roxanne Hoge, Julie Hamill, thank you all.Well, new polling spills new trouble for President Biden and the Democratic Party, turns out Democrats longtime advantage among Hispanic and black populations is eroding quickly.Christina Coleman is live with brand new numbers. Christina, good evening.CHRISTINA COLEMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, eroding quickly indeed.Good evening, Trace.In 2020, President Biden won 91 percent of the black vote to Donald Trump's eight percent. Biden also have the support of over 60 percent of Hispanic and Latino voters. That's according to the Fox News voter analysis.But flash forward four years later, there are some deeply troubling signs for President Biden among these usually reliable democratic voting blocks.Democrats lead over Republicans in black Americans party preference has shrunk nearly 20 percent in just the past three years. And according to Gallup, their 47-point lead is the smallest Gallup has recorded in the past 25 years.Democrats are also seeing their lowest support among Hispanic voters in almost two decades, now, with just a 12-point edge.Data Gallup says should be especially concerning for Democrats, but some of the congressional Democrats we have talked to don't seem that concerned.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. HANK JOHNSON (D-GA): Well, if that is true, it may be true today, but I don't think it'll be true on -- in November of this year.COLEMAN: We'll have to see. Meanwhile, recent polling finds the president has lost significant support for many young and Arab Americans who oppose the president support of Israel, prompting the White House to ramp up its outreach.Tomorrow, a senior Biden official will be traveling to Michigan, a key battleground state with a high population of Arab American voters, to hear directly from Muslim and other community leaders.And new tonight, Democrat Marianne Williamson has announced in a social media video that she is suspending her presidential campaign. Trace?GALLAGHER: Thank you. Let's bring in tonight's special guest, Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley. Ambassador, it's great to have you on the show. Thank you.You say that you weren't focused on Nevada even said that Trump had it rigged from the beginning. But if you look at the numbers, you lost by about 30 to no one. If you had it to do over, Ambassador, would you put more time into Nevada, maybe take away a couple of delegates?NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Not at all. I mean, we were told several months ago what a scam this was. I mean, you've got basically people who are under indictment at the GOP that worked with Trump on getting this done.They also work towards the primary. We knew the whole thing was rigged. And so, we didn't put a dollar or a day into it. This was totally expected. There was nothing that we were surprised about. You can look there have been press stories written about it. For quite a while. Our focus has been on South Carolina, it's on Michigan, it's on Super Tuesday. That's where -- that's where our agenda is.GALLAGHER: Yes. You mentioned South Carolina. So, let's look at the numbers in South Carolina. The RCP average -- RealClearPolitics average has you down by roughly 30 going into your home state. If you indeed, Ambassador, lose by 30 points. Are you done? Do you go on? What's the strategy?HALEY: You know, Trace, we started with 14 candidates. I have out done and defeated a dozen of them. I've got one left. We had two-percent in Iowa, we got to 20 percent. We got to 43 percent in New Hampshire. We moved 25 point in the last three weeks in New Hampshire.We are going to go as hard as we can and make sure that we touch every spot of South Carolina and touch every person. And they know that I was a good governor. Now, we're showing them that I can be a good president.So, we're going to work hard. We think we're going to have a good day. And we're going to keep on going to Michigan. We're going on to Super Tuesday. We are not stopping.GALLAGHER: Yes. A lot of political analysts are skeptical. Marc Lotter wrote the following here on social media, and I'm quoting, "Nikki Haley lost New Hampshire by 11 to Trump. Nikki Haley lost Nevada by 30 to literally no one.Nikki Haley is losing her home state by 27. How does she go on?"And some people believe, look, it's a fair question, because what is the plan? You say, you're down to just you and Trump, which is true, but what's the plan to go forward?Do you have the money? Do you have the ability to make some kind of miraculous comeback?HALEY: Well, that's where they're wrong. Look at the messaging. Trump as the Republican incumbent didn't get 43 percent of the vote in New Hampshire. That's not small. You look at the general election polls. Trump is down in every one of those polls. Down seven, down nine. On his best day, it's margin of error. We had a Marquette poll come out recently in Wisconsin. I defeat Biden by 15 points. Wall Street Journal, I defeat Biden by 17 points.GALLAGHER: Yes.HALEY: This is about the fact that we are going to have a female president of the United States. It will either be me, or it will be Kamala Harris. But there is no way -- I voted for Trump twice.GALLAGHER: Yes.HALEY: I was proud to serve in his administration. But chaos follows him, Trace, and we can't be a country in disarray and a world on fire, and go through four more years of chaos. We won't survive it. And he can't win a general election. That's a fact.We lost in 2018, we lost in 2020, we lost in 2022. But look at what happened yesterday. He lost his case on immunity and he's got a year's worth of court cases yet.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.HALEY: The Republicans couldn't get a border situation down. They couldn't impeach senator -- Secretary Mayorkas, they couldn't pass a pro-Israel bill. The RNC is imploding. All of that had Trump's fingerprints on it.Everything he touches is chaos, and we continue to lose. How many more times do we have to lose before we realize that, that is the problem?GALLAGHER: Ambassador Haley, thank you for your time. We appreciate you persevering through the traffic to get to us. Thank you.Now, let's bring in Washington Examiner investigative editor, Sarah Bedford and former Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives T.W. Shannon. Thank you both for coming on. We appreciate it. So, Sarah, to you first, Nikki Haley says she is going beyond South Carolina, even if she gets trounced in South Carolina. Do you buy that?SARAH BEDFORD, INVESTIGATIVE REPORTER FOR THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Well, I'm not sure what her rationale is for continuing past South Carolina. At first, it seems like the rationale for Nikki Haley was, you know, if it was a two-man race between her and Donald Trump, if all of these other Republicans dropped out of the primary, then, she could consolidate the non-Trump vote and she would be able to surpass that 50 percent threshold, and perhaps, clinch the nomination.That's not happening. The non-Trump vote is not consolidating behind her. When Ron DeSantis dropped out, when Chris Christie dropped out, their voters went to Donald Trump.And then, the other rationale for Nikki Haley continuing in the primary was that perhaps she was more electable in a general election than Donald Trump.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.BEDFORD: But polls are also not bearing that out. Donald Trump is, it seems, in polls electable against Joe Biden in a general election.Meantime, Donald Trump, Trump said this on True Social, "A bad night for Nikki Haley, losing by almost 30 points in Nevada to, 'none of these candidates'. Watch, she'll soon claim victory.Well, T.W., she did not claim victory, but she did claim that the whole system was rigged in Nevada. What do you think?T.W. SHANNON, FORMER REPRESENTATIVE OF OKLAHOMA: It would be pretty tough to claim victory after losing to that -- to that particular group. But the truth is, I think Nikki Haley strategy has been pretty transparent all along. I think her goal is to be the candidate standing, should Donald Trump get convicted?And I think if he gets convicted, who knows what happens, then? I think that's her strategy. The question is, will her donors maintain the support for her to continue through Super Tuesday after what looks to be a pretty crushing defeat coming in her own home state?So, that's, I guess, it's a fair strategy, if you like that. But what she hasn't been able to do, Trace, is convinced Republican primary voters that she is an alternative to Donald Trump, even though there are polls that show that she may be a stronger candidate in the general.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.SHANNON: Folks is still very concerned about her ability to appeal to the base of the Republican Party.GALLAGHER: And speaking of convincing voters to kind of go your way. We talked a lot about how black and Hispanic voters are starting to kind of lean away from the Democratic party a little bit. I want to put this up, this Gallup decrease of democratic party preference.You can see right there 1999, 65 percent. In 2023, it's 46 percent. It's a pretty significant drop. And I'm wondering what you think of that, Sarah? Is it temporary, as some believe for a few months? Or does it last until November?BEDFORD: Well, I think it's reflective of perhaps a broader political realignment that we've been seeing since Trump came on the national stage. I think you're seeing that the electorate is splitting more along class lines, along education lines, then along the identity politics lines that have for so long defined the electorate.And so, Donald Trump is, you know, attracting the support of more people who are from the working class.GALLAGHER: Yes.BEDFORD: Who have, you know, lower education, and that has really scrambled politics for the Democratic Party. They don't have an iron grip on identity politics anymore.GALLAGHER: Yes.BEDFORD: And so, And Donald Trump is appealing to these groups in a way that Republicans before him haven't.GALLAGHER: T.W.?SHANNON: Yes. You know, Trace, I could have -- I could have said it better. It looks like there is a complete realignment where the Republican Party is now the party of the working class.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.SHANNON: And the Democrat is the party of the elites. When you look at, at Taylor Swift, who is probably going to endorse Joe Biden from her plane, while they're also calling for the rest of Americans to ride on bicycles to get to work every day.GALLAGHER: Yes.SHANNON: The truth is this election is going to be about security, its national security, its border security, its financial security, and its personal security.GALLAGHER: Yes.SHANNON: And the Democrats and Joe Biden, they failed on all of those issues and the voters that I got to soon forget that --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.SHANNON: Black Americans, Hispanic Americans are hurting like every other American but maybe they're hurting worse because the people that are crossing our border illegally, the 2.5 million --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: I got to --SHANNON: They are not buying homes in Martha's Vineyard (INAUDIBLE).(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: I got to go but I wanted to -- I want -- I got five seconds for each of you. Joe Biden not doing the Super Bowl interview. Baffled by it at all, Sarah?BEDFORD: I think it's another example of the basement strategy they ran in 2020.GALLAGHER: Yes.BEDFORD: And keep them hidden away. See what happens.GALLAGHER: T.W.SHANNON: The fewer people that hear from Joe Biden, the better he does, that's for sure.GALLAGHER: T.W. Shannon, Sarah Bedford, thank you both for coming on. We appreciate it.Up next, brand-new video coming in to FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. Police say a homeowner on Long Island was assaulted because of his support for Israel. And an illegal immigrant is now facing hate crime charges. And later, the actress Gina Carano, suing Disney.Carano says she was fired for her political beliefs. And later, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT still honoring the patriot and country music legend Toby Keith, who never forgot his humble roots, and was known for having a fantastic work ethic.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TOBY KEITH, AMERICAN COUNTRY MUSIC SINGER, SONGWRITER, RECORD PRODUCER, AND ACTOR: When I first got to Nashville, I was kind of -- they kind of come and got me in Oklahoma. I was just a poor boy and I was working hard every week for pay my bills. I've never pulled my head up off the grindstone. That's why I'm releasing album every year and at some point, I've got to back off, but I haven't yet.GALLAGHER: Yes. we had an overwhelming response on social media to last night's nightcap, asking you about your favorite Toby Keith song.So, to continue our tribute, we compiled our viewers top three Toby Keith songs, and we want to know if you can rank them. Top three songs in any order. Let us know X and Instagram, @tracegallagher. We will read your answers in the "NIGHTCAP".Meantime, 8:21 here on the west coast. A FOX NEWS @ NIGHT trip across America. Live look at San Francisco. Did you know the popsicle was invented there. 1905? An 11-year-old accidentally left his drink outside with a stirring stick in it. Who knew it got cold enough there.Nashville, Tennessee we're President Nixon performed God Bless America on the piano at the now famous Grand Ole Opry. Finally, a live EarthCam view Carmel, Indiana, home to more than 150 roundabouts. More than any city in the U.S. If you can't join us live, set your DVR or watch us anytime. We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: With "BREAKING NEWS" tonight, police in New York say a pro- Palestinian illegal immigrant, who was caught on video stealing a Long Island homeowner's Israeli American flag. And when the migrant was confronted, police say he assaulted the homeowner, who says the suspect punched him in the face, put him in a chokehold, and then head butted him.Nassau County police arrested 26-year-old migrant who claims that he is from North Africa, and allegedly crossed the border into Arizona back in November. The suspect has recently been staying in a migrant shelter on Staten Island.Meantime, we have brand new information tonight about the extent to which some U.S. taxpayers are unwittingly subsidizing an out-of-control migrant crime crisis, in so-called sanctuaries like New York City.Bill Melugin is live with that story tonight, Bill, good evening.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. It really seems at this point we're getting some sort of new crazy headline out of New York City. Every single day, regarding the migrant crisis, they are especially involved in crime, and today is certainly no different.So, take a look. This is 32-year-old Maria Manaura. She is reportedly an illegal immigrant from Venezuela, who has been arrested at least eight times in the last six months.And that aren't all. She is been living at the Row Hotel prime real estate in Times Square with a $500 per night price tag to taxpayers. And those taxpayers are currently paying that amount every single night for over 1,300 rooms given to illegal immigrants there.Manaura was again busted last week for snatching a woman's iPhone on a train, but instead of being locked up, par for the course, the judge released her.In the meantime, four illegal immigrants arrested by ICE agents in Phoenix that the agency initially said they believed were involved in the mob beating a New York police officers ended up not being the suspects.The Manhattan D.A. 's office and CBP source tell Fox, the four men who fled the state after release are still at large, and are being vigorously pursued as of this evening.And those CBP sources also tell Fox News, there have now been over 1 million migrant encounters at the border since October 1st, when fiscal year 2024 first began. That's the fastest the U.S. has ever hit that milestone for perspective. At the same time, last year, we were at just over 909,000 encounters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. LAUREL LEE (R-FL): The numbers are just staggering. And unfortunately, what we see here is a continuation of the Biden administration policies that have been in place really throughout his administration.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: And Trace, the fastest growing demographic at our border right now are Chinese national. CBP sources confirmed to Fox they've already encountered almost 20,000 Chinese in just the last four months. That's an average about 150 per day and right now it's on track to just shatter last year's record of 37,000 Chinese nationals.GALLAGHER: And they're coming and we don't know exactly why they're coming in such mass. Bill, thank you.Let's bring in the Director of the Independent Women's Law Center, May Mailman. May, it's great to have you on. The New York Post writes the following here, Bill was talking about, New York City's migrant crisis hits new level of madness. Free rooms, meals to thugs who are robbing us, goes on to say, "Handing out hotel rooms and free meals to repeat thugs makes it easier for them to commit crimes and makes us patsies." And it does. Why are we helping them hurt us?MAY MAILMAN, DIRECTOR, INDEPENDENT WOMEN'S LAW CENTER: Well, we just can't keep doing it. So, I really think that New York does not understand the problem because their solution is we need more resources. And as the New York Post story points out, resources are the reason that the migrants are coming. So, if you give migrants a debit card for a thousand dollars, which is what they're doing, and say, please spend this on the right things. What are you going to get more migrants?GALLAGHER: Yes, it's the honor system. I mean, it really is, May. They keep telling, you can't buy alcohol, you can't buy tobacco with this, but it's basically the honor system with no way to enforce it. We talked about the border bill, but Dr. Phil said this on "HANNITY."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PHIL MCGRAW, "DR. PHIL" HOST: I Asked them straight up. What is it you need here? And they, I was shocked to hear them say, we don't need more money, we don't need more resources, we don't need more officers, we don't need more legislation, we just need the laws that are on the books to be followed.(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: He's talking about the Border Patrol and they say we need to re- implement security measures, May.MAILMAN: Yes, so when I went and visited the border when I was working in the White House, I heard a similar story, but I think there's something else too, is you need a powerful executive. So, these migrants are generally middle-class migrants. They have $15,000 to make the journey, and they're trying to make an assessment of whether something's going to happen to them or not.And so, yes, the Border Patrol need the authority to be able to do their job, but they can't handle this number of people. So, you really do need an executive who seems like he's going to enforce the law. And no one thinks that President Biden is going to enforce the law.GALLAGHER: Yes. DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas was asked about not being impeached, kind of sneaking by the impeachment process. He said this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, DHS SECRETARY: -- question before, I'll gladly answer it again. The allegations are baseless and I'm focused on the work which was what brings me to Las Vegas today.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are Republicans have indicated they may hold another vote and they might have the numbers at that point to impeach you. If that happened, would you consider stepping aside?MAYORKAS: No, I would not.(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: They may vote again, May, should they?MAILMAN: I don't know they're going to have the votes. I guess, you know, that's Speaker Johnson's job, and so he knows better than me, and I hope he only holds another vote if they've got it. But it's funny, you know, I'm ashamed if I have a typo in my e-mail. And here is the Secretary of DHS who's letting in terrorists and completely, you know, changing the landscape of our nation and not an ounce of shame.GALLAGHER: Yes, it really is. May Mailman, great to have you on as always. Thank you.And coming up, actress Gina Carano says she was fired from her role in the Star Wars series. And now, for the plot twist, a big name is now helping fund her lawsuit to take on Disney. And still ahead, two principals get creative to celebrate 100 days of school. And the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT family just got a little bigger and a lot cuter. Today's best "VIRAL VIDEOS" are coming up. But first, a live EarthCam look at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where the Big Mac was invented back in 1967. It debuted for 45 cents. Today, it'll cost you about six bucks. We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Back to our top story tonight, the targeting of conservatives across the political and cultural spectrum. Actress and mixed martial arts star, Gina Carano, has filed a lawsuit against Disney over her firing from "The Mandalorian". Bill Melugin is back live with that story, Bill.MELUGIN: Well, Trace, Carano says that Disney violated California law when they fired her from "The Mandalorian" by discriminating against her over her political beliefs. The actress and MMA star sued Disney yesterday after she was fired from the Star Wars series back in 2021. At the time Lucasfilm said in part, "Gina Carano is not currently employed by Lucasfilm and there are no plans for her to be in the future. Nevertheless, her social media posts denigrating people based on their cultural and religious identities are abhorrent and unacceptable."Well, in a huge plot twist, Carano's case is being funded by Elon Musk's X, which has pledged to finance lawsuits of those who claim to have been discriminated against by their employer because of statements they've made on the social media platform X. Carano also accuses Disney of defaming her by mischaracterizing her social media posts which she says led to the loss of her agent and attorney as well as future employment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GINA CARANO, ACTOR: But you know, eventually you have a line and you know when that line gets crossed you just have to say enough is enough.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: Disney and Lucasfilm have not yet filed a response to the lawsuit and representatives did not immediately respond to an email request for comment from the associated press. Trace.GALLAGHER: Bill, thank you let's bring in the owner of Los Lobos or Lobos' Boxing Club here in Los Angeles, Eddie Arrazola and the former bachelor contestant who founded The King's Firm, Jillian Anderson. Thank you both for coming on, we should note that Gina Carano was a mixed martial arts thing. So, this question, I'm going to give it to Jillian first but we can talk to Jillian. The Daily Beast writes the following, quoting here, Disney has the right to not want to work with Gina Carano. If you're an arch- conservative signing up to work for Disney, you mustknow that many of your views are going to egregiously clash with the company's internal principles. So, what they're saying is if you have a different opinion than Disney, they have the right to fire you.JILLIAN ANDERSON, FOUNDER, THE KING'S FIRM: I mean, that's absolutely ridiculous. But I'll say in 2020 -- sorry, in 2024, I would never be cast on any reality show based off my social media and my loud mouth and also my ability to use free speech, which we have in this country, I thought. But she is a patriot, first of all, who was blacklisted by Hollywood, all because she wouldn't add her pronouns to her Twitter profile. She spoke out against mask mandates and she questioned the 2020 election. And I just love that Elon's a part of this suit because winning this suit would really set a necessary precedent for all these free speech terminations when it comes to job losses.GALLAGHER: Yes, and she's pretty tough character as well. Eddie, right.EDDIE ARRAZOLA, LOBOS BOXING CLUB: Yes, and she's a pretty tough character as well, Eddie, right? I mean, she's, she was one of the greatest fighters in women's martial arts. I think without her, that wouldn't have been a Ronda Rousey or anyone else. She kind of set the tone for everybody.GALLAGHER: Yes, I want to go next to the Bud Light thing. Trump says on Truth Social about Bud Light, "The Bud Light ad was a mistake of epic proportions, and for that a very big price was paid. But Anheuser-Busch is not a woke company. Anheuser-Busch is a great American brand that perhaps deserves a second chance. What do you think? What do you think, Eddie? Do you think Bud Light deserves another go-round?ARRAZOLA: Well, the Bush family was one of the true American-owned families, companies right of the, the Anheuser-Bush family used to drive trucks they don't family members and drive trucks to the sales they own theme parks baseball uh... baseball uh... teams they were really in touch with their audience to look at some of the best uh... uh... advertisements all of all time were but wiser and some of the were very in touch with, with what they were doing now since they've been sold, they've completely lost touch with their family and with who's buying them.GALLAGHER: Do you think she'd give them a second chance to for Bud Light?ARRAZOLA: Well, I think they're doing the right thing by getting, you know, they hooked up with the UFC, they hooked up with people that are actually drinking Bud Light. So, I don't know. I don't know if giving them a second chance is the right thing. Maybe they should sell it back to the Bush family. We're going to move back to a different topic, Jillian, but do you think Bud Light gets another go around or no?ANDERSON: I think they should write the playbook for what companies should do after massive losses. I think they're doing a great job at making it up to their families.GALLAGHER: I think you're exactly right. So Southwest Airlines now showing off its new seating arraignment. I've got 30 seconds for both of you because a lot of people have said, oh, come on, it's terrible. Here's some of the comments. I've always wondered when airlines would start catering to people like us who enjoy relaxing on slates of granite. Ozempic even got our seats. Is there an option to just stand, Jillian? They say this whole thing is kind of a mess. It's tighter. People, they're hard seats. I mean, Southwest is really uncomfortable enough to fly on.ANDERSON: I mean, you're exactly right. The airline industry has not prioritized comfort over anything recently at all. But I would say to them, I don't even like their order of how you get on the planes. I'm already not flying Southwest. And now with this new seat, definitely not, so I'm out.GALLAGHER: Yes, you got to line up like cattle on the flights there, Eddie, and then when you get on the thing, you're like, OK, what are you going to do?ARRAZOLA: I personally don't fit on those planes, because I'm 6'5", 200- something pounds. I don't think, I don't remember the last time I flew Southwest for that reason.GALLAGHER: Every time you get on a plane, it just seems like the seat in front of you gets closer and closer and closer. Gillian, Eddie, thank you both.ARRAZOLA: Smaller and smaller.ANDERSON: Thank you!GALLAGHER: First up in tonight's "VIRAL VIDEOS", two principals at a Pennsylvania school dressed as Taylor Swift and Travis Kelsey to celebrate the 100th day of school. They noted if you add Taylor's favorite number to Travis' uniform number it equals 100. And, meet Murphy, the newest addition to the FOX NEWS @ NIGHT family. 2-month-old yellow lab. Look at Murphy. Murphy, hush, we're trying to do a newscast here. I love it, right? He's working on finding his bark and chasing his busy parents around. I'm thinking maybe the show, Mascot. What do you guys think? Murphy is the best name. I love Murphy. You think something else? Let us know.And back by popular demand here on FOX NEWS @ NIGHT, another look at some of the highlights of our tribute to the late great Toby Keith. And as you watch, think about some of your favorite songs from the country music star for tonight's nightcap. We need the top three. Enjoy. We're coming right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: We're back with the "NIGHTCAP" crew: Kevin Corke, Christina Coleman, Dr. Houman Hemmati, Eddie Arrazola, and Julie Hamill. Tonight's topic, DreamWalk. And last night we got such a huge response to our Toby Keith "NIGHTCAP". We thought he deserved another round. Watch.So, you all submitted such amazing songs, we decided to crunch the numbers and find out which songs are your favorites. Can you guess our audience's top three Toby Keith songs? Let's begin with Kevin Corke. Kevin, any guesses for the top three?CORKE: You know, it would be too easy to look at the answers because I'm not the demo. I think I may have told you this a long time ago. I grew up listening to country music because I traveled across the country and are Buick on I-70 going across Kansas. So, I grew up with Charlie Pryde and a lot of Oak Ridge boys. But I can't guess the top three here other than looking at the answers, so no, I won't guess.GALLAGHER: Christina Coleman.COLEMAN: "American Soldier," "I Love This Bar," and "Should Have Been a Cowboy."GALLAGHER: Oh, good, good, good, good. Very close. Julie Hamill, any guess?HAMILL: "Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue," I heard a lot of people say that.GALLAGHER: OK.HAMILL: And "I Love This Bar." That one.GALLAGHER: Yes, you're going to sing that? She's a singer, by the way, so that would be good. Houman Hemmati?HEMMATI: You know, I can name one that I think is like the easy winner for me, and that's "Red Solo Cup."GALLAGHER: OK.HEMMATI: I'll just mention that.CORKE: That's a good one.GALLAGHER: OK. That's a good one as well, but it's not in the top three. Eddie, what do you got?ARRAZOLA: "Beer for my Horses".GALLAGHER: Yes, that's good. Good, good.ARRAZOLA: "American Soldier."GALLAGHER: Good, good, good.ARRAZOLA: And I also like "Red Solo Cup."GALLAGHER: Oh, one of them hit. One of them hit. So, here's the thing. Response is Ellen Highland says, do we get everybody? Yes. We did. Yes, Christina, good, "Red Solo Cup" -- Christina, we get you?COLEMAN: Yes, yes.GALLAGHER: OK. "Red Solo Cup", "Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue," "Don't Let the Old man in."Sherry Coomble says, "Don't Let the Old Man In, Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue, and American Soldier."Regina says, "Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue, How Do You Like Me Now, and Beer for my Horses."And Ethel Marlowe says, "Should have been a Cowboy, Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue, and Red Solo Cup."I said, "Don't Let the Old Man In," "Beer for my Horses", and "American Soldier". The top three were actually, drum roll please, "Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue", "Should Have Been a Cowboy," and "American Soldier." So, everybody was very close, except for me and Kevin. We were terrible. Thank you all for watching America's late news, FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. I'm Trace Gallagher in Los Angeles. We'll see you right back here again tomorrow night.