BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: 3 PM on the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight and all this week. It's been busy week. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Make it a great weekend. The Ingraham Angle starts now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Fiery, feisty, phony. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now it's been a wild week and now it's Flashback Friday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We come together as one nation, bringing America together, uniting our people, uniting our nation with unity, we can do great things, important things. Unity, unity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now we know he didn't really mean any of that, but at least he tried to sound gracious. But last night, Joe Biden came off as angry, divisive, and resentful.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: The threat to democracy must be defended. My predecessor and some of you here seek to bury the truth about January 6th. In a literal sense, history is watching. History is watching. My God, what freedom else would you take away? Putin of Russia is on the march invading Ukraine and sowing chaos throughout Europe and beyond, and my predecessor failed the most basic presidential duty that he owes to American people, the duty to care.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The State of the Union is supposed to be a president's report to Congress about how the country is doing under his leadership. It's not supposed to be a rant against your political opponent and those who support him. Of course, there's important context here, courtesy of NBC. President Joe Biden's team is increasingly taking extraordinary steps to minimize disruptions from pro-Palestinian protests at his events by making them smaller withholding their precise locations from the media and the public until he arrives avoiding college campuses and at least one instance considering hiring a private company to vet attendees.OK, but just because they're afraid, Biden will crumble and stumble if he's confronted at a real campaign event. It doesn't give them license to abuse the constitutional mandate to report on the State of the Union.Now, just for a moment, imagine if Donald Trump had delivered that kind of State of the Union address during his presidency. The press would have gone berserk. They would have said vicious, no decorum, no sense of propriety, an abuse of the forum, polarizing. But it all played out as I predicted last night.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Prediction. In a few hours, the media will be lavishing praise on Biden, you'll hear people saying that it was amazing how Biden knocked it out of the park, how he put -- to rest the doubts about his stamina. He nailed it. And then like clockwork.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh my god, he knocked it out of the park.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I thought he was fabulous.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He just completely blew away the Biden is too old issue.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You saw him really showing his political acumen and his political muscle.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This was -- this was a tour de force. He had Frazier's left hook. It was a -- it was his best speech of his presidency by far.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: By far.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Strongest speech.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: At one point today, MSNBC and CNN even used the same adjective to describe Biden's performance at the same time. Fiery. Wow, I told you. They're spinning themselves dizzy. We'll see soon when real polling comes out. But in the long-term, I don't think the speech helped him at all. In fact, I wish he would give speeches like that every week. After all, I love the Simpsons.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Hey, everybody, no man's talking.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Name. Did you know these tree dates back to frontier times? Shut up. Who's that for now? Shut up.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now this Joe Biden the brawler tough guy image is just farcical. I mean, does anyone on planet Earth think Vladimir Putin or President Xi watching that speech last night and they thought to themselves, oh wow, we need to worry about that guy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: My message to President Putin who I've known for a long time is simple, we will not walk away. We will not bow down. I will not bow down.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, first of all, if he did bow down, it's anyone's guess whether he could actually stand back up. But the truth is, Biden's power doesn't come from his personality, it comes from his rich donors. It comes from the DOJ and the deep state harassing his political adversaries. And of course, it comes from the media.But no one fears Biden himself. Of course, his numbers as usual didn't add up last night, he claimed that new billionaire's tax that he supports would give him $500 billion over 10 years, OK, 500 billion 10 years. Now, that's less money in 10 years than we're projected to pay an interest on our debt in one year. So, this wasn't a speech, it was kind of a letter to Santa.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: While we're at it, I want the public school teachers a raise. We're launching the first ever White House initiative on women's health research. I want to provide an annual tax credit that will give Americans $400 a month for the next two years. I'm directing the U.S. military to lead an emergency mission to establish a temporary pier in the Mediterranean on the coast of Gaza.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, look, I guess he's going to do the thing in Gaza, but the rest of it was just lines and some, in a speech put there because some political consultant overpaid, thought that it would help with one constituency or another. None of it had anything to do with the serious problems facing the nation. We're not going to lower inflation by borrowing more money. That's how we got into this mess in the first place.Now, four years ago, the case for Biden was that he was going to calm everything down, he would get us back to normal. Remember that. It was going to be about unity. But now, the idea that Biden will become a respected strong leader because he yells, and he tries to intimidate conservatives or I don't know, even Putin or Xi. It's just absurd. Not a single person who opposes Biden's reelection watch that speech and felt less confidence of Trump's chances. It all seem like a big act, and a bad one at that. And that's the Angle.Joining me now Newt Gingrich, former Speaker of the House, Fox News Contributor. Newt, the speech itself was a panoply of viciousness and hateful thoughts about Trump or MAGA or what it represents. But was there some overriding, inspiring moment that really grabbed you?NEWT GINGRICH, FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: Well, I think at the end when he left, I thought that was inspirational. Look, this is the most hateful, divisive, and destructive speech ever given at a State of the Union. Literally. I went back and this morning, and read Harry Truman's 1948 State of the Union, which is statesman like, patriotic, unifying, because he came over -- it was a very tough partisan in September, in January and February, he was the President of the United States. This was the Democratic campaign committee's speech, and it was vicious, it was hateful.To lecture the Supreme Court is so far beyond the pale that it's frankly worthy of censure. To start his speech with three consecutive attacks on his political opponent tells you both how desperate they are, how lacking in any scruples they are. And I really do think that this is a speech, which will lead an immense number of Americans to decide that they will not under any circumstance, ever support Joe Biden for anything.INGRAHAM: Now, Newt, MSNBC's so-called presidential historian said that the speech reminded him of another president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL BESCHLOSS, NBC NEWS PRESIDENTIAL HISTORIAN: Who does that remind you and me of and that is Harry Truman in 1948, the beginning of that year down to the summer, even Democrats were saying, Truman is a loser, we better find someone else to run for us. But all through that fall, it was suddenly not the sort of meek and polite Truman of the first several years. It was given hell Harry.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right.GINGRICH: The point that is -- the point I just made though, this guy didn't, this guy didn't go back and read Truman speech. Speech -- Truman, all through the spring, was the President of the United States. In the fall, he was the Democratic nominee. That historian clearly is not very competent and didn't go back and look at Truman. Truman would never have given this speech, because as a historian himself, he knew that it was beneath the dignity of the president. It was a betrayal of his constitutional responsibility, and it was an insult.Notice that by the way, Biden never really gets strong emotionally about Putin, about Houthis, about Iran, but he gets very strong emotionally when he is attacking Americans.If you go back and play it, every really emotional attack in that speech is against his fellow Americans, which is a really bad sign.INGRAHAM: No, it's completely twisted. And Newt, we understand the President spoke about 90 minutes ago in Philadelphia, and he kicked off his big campaign speech this way.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Folks, our freedoms really are on the ballot this November. Donald Trump and the MAGA Republican who are trying to take away our freedoms. That's not an exaggeration. Well, guess what? We will not let him.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Newt, first of all, I'm not sure what that means. I mean, if the voters vote for Donald Trump, or Supreme Court. I mean, are they saying that they're not going to accept the will of the voters? It sounds a lot like that to me.GINGRICH: Look, I mean, I think part of the reason he was lecturing the court is, recently in the Colorado case, the Supreme Court voted by nine to zero, the most liberal and radical members, nine to zero. The threat to democracy wasn't Donald Trump, the threat to democracy was the Democratic Party. I think that'll tell most Americans, the real threat to democracy in America is the Democratic Party, Department of Justice, and Joe Biden.INGRAHAM: Newt, it's always great, great to see you on days like this, on nights like this. Thanks so much.GINGRICH: You too.INGRAHAM: All right. We keep hearing how Biden was going to draw a stark contrast between himself and President Trump last night and I have to give him credit. He actually did this at least when it came to how two presidents treat our ,military.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: America safer today in when I took office. A year before I took office, murder rates went up 30 percent.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Remember Abbey Gate.BIDEN: 30 percent, they went up.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: United States Marines! Kareem Mae'Lee Nikoui!BIDEN: The biggest increase in history.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The man you just saw getting arrested for shouting is Gold Star dad Steve Nikoui. His son marine Lance Corporal Kareem Nikoui was one of the 13 U.S. servicemembers killed during Biden's disastrous Afghanistan pull out in 2021. Steve's other son Dakota committed suicide a year later.At a memorial service for the fallen Marine is where it took place. Now this family lost two sons, both in their 20s as a result of Biden's failed policies and Steve refuses to let the administration forget that.Now the family of Marine Sergeant Nicole Gee, who also was killed at Abbey Gate couldn't even get that much attention.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: President Biden he's often called the consoler-in- chief. He does talk to families who have lost loved ones because of his own experiences. Have you experienced that from him as you've been coping with the death of Nicole?CHRISTY SHAMBLIN, MOTHER-IN-LAW OF MARINE KILLED DURING AFGHAN WITHDRAWAL: No. No.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Have you spoken to him?SHAMBLIN: No, he has not reached out to our family. We've actually reached out to the White House and have never heard back.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Wait a second. They couldn't carve out 10 minutes for a Gold Star family. But President Biden could sit down for a Zoom call with actors who played presidents from -- must have been for at least an hour for some promo shoot. Now compare Biden's approach to our military heroes to President Trump's.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Amy here, your family sacrificed, makes it possible for all of our families to live in safety and in peace and we want to thank you. Thank you, Amy. But Amy, there is one more thing tonight we have a very special surprise, I am thrilled to inform you that your husband is back from deployment. He's here with us tonight and we couldn't keep him waiting any longer. Welcome home, Sergeant Williams. Thank you very much.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now that's a president. All right, coming up, what did RFK Jr. think of last night's State of the Union address? He's your next. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Now my predecessor, a former Republican president tells Putin, quote, do whatever the hell you want. That's a quote. My predecessor came to office determined to see Roe v Wade overturn. My predecessor, and my predecessor. President, my predecessor, my predecessor, my predecessor.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: While Biden spent most of last night, State of the Union, acting like Trump was Voldemort. He who must not be named. My next guest who is also running for president has a different vision for America.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR. (I), 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: A growing number of Americans are rejecting divisiveness. They're ready to unite to rebuild this country and to fulfill the promise of the America of my youth. They're ready to vote for something. That's the State of the Union that I want to bring you today to rebuild, to end the forever foreign wars, to clean out the corrupt Washington establishment and to turn again toward peace, freedom, good health, and prosperity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now is Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 2024 independent presidential candidate. Robert, your reaction to Biden last night, especially going hard on Ukraine at the top and going all in on Putin is rolling through Europe like Hitler, and I'm paraphrasing, obviously.KENNEDY JR.: Yes, I mean, I thought the speech in general, I agree with some of the commentators that you've had that it was hyper partisan, that it was more like President Biden when he came in promised to unify the country, that this was more of a campaign stump speech that you give to a red meat crowd during the last two weeks of the campaign rather than that kind of statesman like and residential, unifying speech that we want to see and that the nation expects and of the world expects from the State of the Union address, where you want to see.You want something that inspires pride in our country and in our country and all around the globe, this speech is listening to billions of people around the world. And we want to showcase the best of our country and not just make it sort of a partisan slugfest.In terms of Ukraine. I disagree with the kind of comic book characterizations that President Biden has made. This is a war that should have been settled, that we now know, because we now know from Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett from the Turkish prime minister, Premier, Ahmet -- Erdogan.That peace agreement was initialed on both sides by Zelenskyy, and by Putin's side. Putin was withdrawing troops from Kyiv, when President Biden sent Boris Johnson over there to force Zelenskyy to tear up this agreement. And this was not about stopping Putin from rampaging across Europe.It is a war about the extension of NATO into Ukraine, which we should not be doing. Our greatest diplomats have condemned that, it was a mistake, as in Biden didn't mention one issue that he has not mentioned before, that I wasn't (ph) very happy about, which is the housing crisis in this country, the fact that young people can't get into a home.His illusion, however, I think was -- I would say, a cynical solution, which is a $10,000 gift over the next two years. In other words, from now to the election.INGRAHAM: Right, well, the problem, Robert, not to interrupt, but the problem is inflation. I mean, we --KENNEDY JR.: Of course, of course.INGRAHAM: -- the rents have been high for some time, but they skyrocketed when he -- he could have just opened the economy in January 2021, and we would have been off to the races. But instead, he borrowed trillions of dollars more, printed a lot more money that helped drive inflation and drove up the cost of everything. So, it's easy for him to say now oh, inflation is high, we've got to do think, but his policies are the primary driver right now, of the cost of rent and every other thing that people buy, and he didn't really want to touch any of that.KENNEDY JR.: No, I would agree with you. We've got a $34 trillion debt over the last 100 days; we've added $1 trillion to that. And that is unsustainable, we're now paying more of the service on that debt than we are for our military budget. And if interest rates go up, we could -- within 10 years, we will be paying basically every dollar collected on taxes, could conceivably be going to serve as the data and there's nobody who is taking this problem seriously.The big issue, I mean, you're right about inflation contributing to the housing, price of a housing stock, Laura. The housing stock is going up faster than anybody else. It's a systemic problem. And a lot of it has to do with these big Democratic donors BlackRock, (inaudible) Blackstone Fidelity Group (ph), which have now -- which owns 88 percent of the S&P 500 and are now targeting single family homes.There is legislation on Capitol Hill to stop those investment houses from purchasing single family homes, we need to do that. That is a systemic fix, rather than the short-term fix that's going to drive up, drive this inflationary spiral and drive it this further into debt.INGRAHAM: Robert, it's always great to see you. We're not going to play any sound bites about people who say you don't have any chance, because you're scaring everybody out there. We really appreciate your voice tonight. Thank you.All right, now it's time for our political palate cleanser. On Sunday at Mar-a-Lago, Niko and I and 1200 of our dearest friends attended a wonderful lunch and auction to support the Big Dog Ranch Rescue in West Palm Beach, Florida. Huge crowd. Lara Trump did a fabulous job as co-chair, a wonderful, wonderful event. Huge money to support abandoned and neglected animals. Every dog, I believe that was brought up on the runway there was adopted. Even a special guests showed up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I will say that you do love dogs. Do we love dogs? I have never seen so many people that we only do this as special occasions.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Please consider supporting Big Dog Ranch Rescue. Go to bdrr.org. That's bdrr.org. And come on, come to next year's event. All right, Laken Riley's mom rips into Joe Biden after what he said at the State of the Union. Plus, the self-anointed defender of democracy threatens our institutions during the State of the Union. Stephen Miller, Chris Landau have reaction. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: He didn't forget George Floyd's name, but he did forget hers.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I'd be a winner -- not really.(INAUDIBLE)BIDEN: Lincoln. Lincoln Riley, an innocent young woman who was killed by an illegal. That's right. But how many of thousands of people being killed by legals?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: To clear this up for you, Joe, Lincoln Riley is a football coach at USC. He is still alive. Laken Riley is the young woman who lost her life at the hands of an illegal alien who came in, by the way, under your watch.Now, the left didn't take issue with Biden insulting Laken's memory by botching her name. No, they had a problem with him using the I-word.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Using that word, and illegal, dehumanizing is problematic. What did you make of that?UNKNOWN: That's probably true. He probably should have used a different word.UNKNOWN: It's unfortunate that the president used that language.UNKNOWN: I don't believe that the president's heart is with the word illegal.UNKNOWN: He should have said undocumented, but I --(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Stephen Miller, former senior advisor to President Trump, founder of America First Legal. Stephen, Laken Riley's mother responded to Biden today, saying that Biden does not even know my child's name. It's pathetic. If you're going to say your name, even when forced to do so, at least say the right name. Stephen.STEPHEN MILLER, AMERICA FIRST LEGAL FOUNDER: Yeah, it's just a very tragic situation all around, but it underscores how radical the Democratic Party has become on immigration, and how they're committed to an ideology of open borders at the expense of the safety and security of the American people. That makes them completely disqualified to govern the country.And hopefully that will reflect itself in the 2024 election results that they're a party that is completely at war with the safety and security of the American people, and is completely wed to the idea of open borders at the expense of the safety and security of all Americans, especially American women.INGRAHAM: Well, one thing that I wasn't shocked by is that Biden's campaign co-chair weighed in on the president's handling of this Laken Riley issue last night. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: What matters more, whether or not he pronounced Laken Riley's name correctly --UNKNOWN: They're not going to pass that border security bill. I'm asking you to look forward.UNKNOWN: -- border security bill. Jillian, what matters is whether we fix the problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Senator Coon says it doesn't matter. They often say, say her name when it's an individual who was killed in some type of involvement with the police. So, it's like, say her name, say her name. But this name is different for them, Steve, why?MILLER: Well, again, because they're committed to an ideology of no borders, no immigration control, no immigration enforcement whatsoever. And that's because they're committed to maximum immigration as their fundamental ideological objective at the expense of the safety and security of the American people --INGRAHAM: Wait a second. Wait a second, Stephen. Wait, wait, wait. You're not being fair because Joe Biden supported a bipartisan immigration bill that Senator Lankford and McConnell and all these guys were all excited about, and Donald Trump torpedoed it. That was Joe Biden's argument last night.MILLER: That immigration bill actually cemented illegal immigration and made it permanent and everlasting. It expanded catch and release and it gave Alejandro Mayorkas, the secretary of DHS, the power to unilaterally grant citizenship to newly arriving illegal aliens.In fact, that bill would have made it nearly impossible for future presidents to secure the border. It gutted Title 42 and it created new rights for illegal aliens to spring themselves from detention in every respect. That immigration bill made the border crisis worse and made the border crisis permanent.And let me just say this, Laura. Joe Biden's refusal to take responsibility for releasing, for freeing the predator who is now charged in murdering Laken Riley is an eternal stain on his presidency.It's not just the fact that he can't even say her name right, that he can't even call the family, that he can't invite them to the State of the Union, that he can't have the basic human decency to reach out to them. It's that he released the man that is now accused of this gruesome slaying and brutal murder. He set that monster free.And he does not have the basic fundamental human decency to say, I erred, I was wrong, I sinned, I should have never freed this man. And he's freed millions more, millions more, unvetted, unknown, unscreened. How many more Laken Riley's will die? How many more innocents will suffer, be assaulted? This is a moral depravity of the highest order, Laura.INGRAHAM: All right. Now, Stephen, thank you so much. Good to see you tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: All due respect, justices, women are not without electoral power -- excuse me, electoral or political power. You're about to realize just how much you've relied on.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, that was our nation's chief law enforcement officer openly threatening our Supreme Court justices. Of course, this is all about abortion. And he did it to their faces in front of the entire country.Joining me now, Chris Landau, former law clerk to Justices Scalia and Thomas. Chris, how many times did we hear about how the decorum of the State of the Union and the way justices sit there, and it's all kind of so inspiring because politics aren't part of it. What happened last night?CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER SCALIA AND THOMAS LAW CLERK: Yeah, Laura, as you've mentioned earlier in the show, the State of the Union is actually constitutionally required address. The president is required to talk to Congress about the State of the Union and give a report.The justices have traditionally attended, but this is the first time I believe in U.S. history that the president has directly addressed the justices. And he actually said, you, he looked at them as we just saw in that clip and basically said, you are responsible and you will reap what you sow. And it was a very dramatic and really norm-shattering moment, Laura.It should be very discouraging to Americans, especially from somebody who built himself as a unifier.INGRAHAM: Well, instead of just going around the Supreme Court as we've seen Biden do with things like student loan forgiveness, they're now setting the stage to go around the electoral college. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It's hard to have a democracy where repeatedly you put the minority in the control of the government. That's a problem. Now, we all know why it is. We have the electoral college. That was a compromise they made in 1789. We know that. So, we've got to work around it.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Chris, I thought they were all about norms and institutions, and they hate the electoral college because it means that New York and California don't control everything.LANDAU: Yeah, Laura. Again, it is something that is so precious to our freedom is the separation of powers that our founders created. And that's been the basis of everything we've enjoyed. That's the reason that we've gone off and fought in wars, our ancestors, and we've preserved this union.And it's clear that this is the only institution that Joe Biden feels he cannot control and cannot boss around. And so, he is taking them on and he is setting the stage for, I think, even more confrontation with the Supreme Court through this whole year.I mean, his justice department is persecuting -- he's prosecuting and persecuting his chief political opponent. They want to put him in jail, OK? This has never happened in American history before.So, I think we will see the Supreme Court in the news more than ever. And it was just sad, I think, as an American to witness the president really treating the Supreme Court almost like schoolchildren last night and just kind of lecturing them.I don't think that went over very well with the Supreme Court. You could see in the clip. Even the Democratic appointees looked pretty glum as he sat there and lectured them. They must be thinking, OK, here's our -- he blows up our chance of trying to reach across the aisle of the Supreme Court.INGRAHAM: Yeah, well, good luck at conference. That's what I said. Chris, thank you. Great to see you.All right, TikTok's devious plan to stop from being banned involves using your kids. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: If you're sick of hearing about the genocide in Palestine, imagine how sick the Palestinians are experiencing it.UNKNOWN: I use she, her pronouns. I'm not sir. Yeah, it's like a knife in the heart. I also -- I did specifically ask ahead of time not to be called sir. Yeah, I'm just going to go.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: TikTok is mobilizing its wacky, deranged army of addicts to protest a bill that could ban the app in the United States. Now, the company whose parent is a China-owned, ByteDance, put out an urgent alert to its users. Call Congress and complain.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Guys, if you haven't called your representatives, call your representatives. Pretty small businesses on here. People are surviving off this app.UNKNOWN: I called my representative and I was like, hey, I'm calling to stop the ban on TikTok. I will financially drown without this app, okay? Ban TikTok and you're banning financial security from others.UNKNOWN: The thousands and millions of people that use this app every day to improve themselves, to generate income. You need to call your representative and tell them do not ban TikTok.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Republican Congresswoman, Nicole Malliotakis. Congresswoman, TikTok defenders say that they're exercising their constitutional right to petition the government, and all is fine here. So, why is there a problem?CONG. NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS (R-NY): Well, look, we know that the communist Chinese are using this app that they control, the CCP controls ByteDance to influence our children. To not just influence them, but literally indoctrinate them, to brainwash them. And that is what they do in communist China. It's what they do in Russia. It's what they do in Iran. We can't allow our youth to be manipulated this way.What they did yesterday was they actually prohibited access to the app unless the young person made that phone call to Congress. So, they're actually manipulating the youth with misinformation because it's not a ban on TikTok. It's calling for a divestment or else you can't be downloaded from the app. That is what it actually called for.So, it gives them 165 days, ByteDance, to divest from TikTok. So that way we're not having that influence. Look, this is an app that is prohibited on government phones, on government iPads. And there's a reason for it.It's a national security issue. They are stealing our Americans' data and they're using it, whether there's access to their photos, their phone records, their texts, and they're using it --INGRAHAM: Their location.MALLIOTAKIS: -- to manipulate young people.INGRAHAM: Yeah, their location. They're geolocating users as well. That's what I understand. And I also heard that, and tell me if this is actually true. It was so horrifying. I was hoping it wasn't true. That some young people, Congresswoman, were calling and some threatened to commit suicide if Congress ultimately goes forward with some type of ban of TikTok?MALLIOTAKIS: I did hear that a couple of my colleagues received calls like that. My office had not. But we received hundreds and hundreds of calls. And these young people, they call and they weren't even sure what they were calling about.It's just like they desperately are so addicted to this app that they needed to, like, just make this phone call on behalf of TikTok and ByteDance and the Communist Chinese Party just so they can continue to gain access.But, you know, who else is using these apps, right? The drug cartels are using it. Nefarious activities are being conducted on this app. And that is how they are smuggling people, you know, doing other things across the border that they shouldn't be. And so, we have to be very mindful of the security threat that this app is.INGRAHAM: Yeah. And also, it was reported that President Trump was not going to support TikTok, banning TikTok after a big donor who invested in ByteDance, big investor in ByteDance, had given a donation to President Trump. That upset a lot of conservatives, including yours truly. Quickly, Congresswoman, on that.MALLIOTAKIS: Well, look, I don't know -- I know that Trump tried to do it when he was in office. He had problems with TikTok. But let's look at Joe Biden who actually downloads TikTok when there's a federal ban, because it's a national security issue. I mean, that was a terrible message to be sending all across America.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Trump shouldn't do that. Trump, I mean, you know, everybody knows, but Trump, I mean, the idea that -- anyway. Congresswoman, thank you.All right, up next, everything is racist, even the outdoors. Stay with us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Dun, dun, dun, when everything is racist.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: All right, grammar, the word master bedroom, SATs, voter ID. Well, the liberals want you to think it's all racist. And now even the outdoors is racist. And one company is snapping to attention to address this scourge.North Face, known best for its warm, cozy jackets, is offering an hour-long racial equity course in an effort to make outdoor activities less racially oppressive. They're going to throw in a 20 percent coupon on their merch if you sign up, noting that white privilege can give you access to the outdoors when others can be excluded because of historic enduring racism and biases.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Systemic action is around long-term vision of making the outdoors more accessible for everyone, including people of color.UNKNOWN: It's so beautiful because it's just breaking all the norms and barriers and everything, and it's showing you can do anything with hijab, without hijab.UNKNOWN: Going outdoors and being black outdoors and being physically black and being like, this is stuff that we do, do. Like almost changing the perception or makeup of what a climber looks like.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Twenty percent coupon for watching that. Well, I love saving money, but there's only so many things I'm willing to do for a coupon. Spending an hour to hear how racist the climbing world is, hard pass.Joining me now, Xaviaer Durousseau, Prageru personality and former BLM activist. All right, Xaviaer, you actually took this so-called racial equity course. So, will you now feel less oppressed when you head to the mountains?XAVIAER DUROUSSEAU, PRAGERU PERSONALITY: Honestly, I would have enjoyed sitting at the DMV for an hour more than taking that course. The course is really just insulting to my intelligence. And it talks a lot about affordability of these outdoor activities, as if white people don't have to pay the same expenses.They really want to convince you that white people are getting a Caucasian discount every time they go to Bass Pro Shop, so that they can do more outdoor activities.And what makes it even more insulting is that it says that when a white person, let's say, can't afford to go jet skiing or hiking or any of these other outdoor activities, they say it's not racially-based when it's a white person, but for some reason it is when it's a person of color.But trust me, there's no gatekeeping when it comes to the outdoors. The sun does not oppress people of color. If anything, we're fortunate that we're not out there getting sunburned. But, of course, these woke corporations are so determined to come up with the creative ways to make people of color think that we are perpetual victims.INGRAHAM: Well, a spokesman for VF, which owns North Face, told Fox Digital, the company has always believed the outdoors should be a welcoming, equitable, and safe place for all. This course aims to bring light to the barriers to entry, preventing all people from sharing equally rewarding experiences in the outdoors.Xaviaer, do you think the Obamas, which have a beautiful, they have a beautiful place on Martha's Vineyard and one in Hawaii, I mean, I think it's up to them, really, to begin this racial equity in the outdoors.You know, bring a whole bunch of underprivileged kids to enjoy those beautiful multimillion dollar houses and go wakeboarding and water skiing and all the things that you can do in the outdoors to be less racist.DUROUSSEAU: They might as well take a busload of illegal immigrants out skiing with them and enjoy the outdoors since they're people of color, too. But of course, the Obamas are going to spend a lot of time outside because they can afford it. It has nothing to do with race. If you can't afford to do something, then you have more options to do that. I don't understand why that's not common sense.But again, they want to try to make us think that a person of color is being stressed out by being outside because a white person is there. Well, trust me, if I'm a black man, if I'm out in the wilderness, the last concern of mine is what a random white person is thinking about me, because odds are they are minding their business as I should be, too, and more often than not, the people who enjoy these outdoor activities, they're there to get away from all of this world nonsense. They don't want to be around that either.Yeah, Xavier, when I'm in Wyoming, all I'm thinking about is how do I get to the top of the mountain, OK? And I'm looking -- I'm trying to, like, not fall down the slide. I'm not thinking about politics or race or anything, and I think that's probably where most people are.All right, since you took the course yourself, I want to test your retention of knowledge.DUROUSSEAU: Oh, wow.INGRAHAM: OK, here's one of the questions. A black girl goes along to her first snowboarding lesson and the other participants are fascinated with her hair and ask if they can touch it. What level of racism would you describe this as? A, internalized, B, structural, C, interpersonal, or D, institutional? Xaviaer?DUROUSSEAU: That is C, interpersonal, because it's considered a microaggression.INGRAHAM: Right. OK, you have retained your knowledge. OK, that's right. This is effectively cheating for you, OK? I think we have one more question. Let's do one more question.We have one more question that you saw on this test. OK, here it is. Now, you are aware that there are no people of color signing up to your climbing lessons despite living in an area where there is a racially diverse population. What would you do? A, raise it with the climbing manager, B, invite local organized groups to join, C, reach out to people of color and ask them to bring it up, or D, do nothing. Xaviaer?DUROUSSEAU: I think it's both A and B.INGRAHAM: Oh, OK. You are -- you know something? I'm giving you an A for the racial equity course, OK? I'm just -- even if you didn't get any others correct, just because you have the right attitude here.Xaviaer, thank you so much. Great to see you. And the trees and the mountains don't care about our skin color. Just go enjoy them. Thanks so much.DUROUSSEAU: Thank you.INGRAHAM: All right, wild week. I hope you had as much fun as we did covering it. And that is it for us tonight. Don't forget, set your DVR. We want you to always stay connected with us. Make sure to follow me on social, on X, and also on Instagram.And remember, it is America, now and forever. Have a great weekend. Jesse Watters takes it all from here.