MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday.Thank you for being here. We have two great guests this evening. We have Congressman Chip Roy, who needs no introduction and we have his former boss, Senator Ted Cruz, who needs no introduction.But before we get there, let's talk about the border and immigration in ways that typically are not discussed. You keep hearing this term HR 2. HR 2.Ten months ago, the Republicans in the House of Representatives passed a bill. It was a bill to secure the border. In fact, it was called the Secure the Border Act. I have it right in front of me. See? A real Act. A real potential law passed by the House of Representatives and sent to the United States Senate.You know what the United States Senate did with it? See this. They did that. Nothing. They killed it. Ten months ago.So they could have had this border security law, which truly was the strictest, most aggressive border security law ever passed by either House of Congress. They could have put it in place. The Republicans in the House did it because Joe Biden wasn't following existing immigration law, which also would secure the border and Chuck Schumer killed it, Mitch McConnell did virtually nothing to promote it -- and that was that.Then they passed this thing or tried to, called a bipartisan bill. Why is it bipartisan? Because Mitch McConnell and about two other guys supported it. It was negotiated in secret. In fact, it was kept secret for weeks. You and I didn't know what was in it, most of the Republicans didn't know what was in it, most of the Democrats didn't know what was in it. Is that how we do representative government, ladies and gentlemen? A secret deal.So it becomes public. It's very long. We've talked about this. I'm one of the few who actually read it. It has more loopholes than the Internal Revenue Code.And here's the bottom line: They talk about all the funding that was in the bill. Why don't they tell you that that funding didn't take place until 2028? Until 2028, when, if God forbid Joe Biden is re-elected, he would be out of office.Why didn't they tell you the 1,300 Border Patrol agents would be specifically assigned essentially to desk work, not to securing the border, and 1,300. The border is 2,000 miles long, 1,300 new agents rubber stamping the processing of illegal aliens into the country. But let's say they weren't.Thirteen hundred new Border agents, they are working 24/7, so at any given time, you may have two or three hundred working. It's all a joke. It's a fan dance, that they can keep saying we had a bipartisan bill that would secure the border, but the Republicans wouldn't go for it.Well, the great Mitch McConnell created that talking point for the Democrats. They should have never negotiated it, never negotiated it in secret because there was never going to be good faith on the side of the Democrats and Biden who created this anarchy, this situation, this massive slavery that's taking place on our border, the worst slavery we've seen in this country since the end of the Civil War. Again, the Democrats.Now, what was in this HR 2. Nobody wants to discuss it, so I'll bring it up. This is what the Democrats and Biden didn't want to vote on. For example, it requires the Department of Homeland Security to resume activities to construct a wall along the US-Mexico border. Well, we know Biden killed that.Provide statutory authorization for Operation Stonegarden, which provides grants to law enforcement agencies for certain border security operations. Wow.It prohibits DHS from processing the entry of non-US nationals, that is aliens under federal law arriving between ports of entry. In other words, it requires a manageable administrative process. These are the ports of entry, you want to come in, you get in line. We discuss it. We vet you. We make determinations there, not everywhere between the ports of entry.So they said that's it. It's ports of entry or it's nothing. The Democrats don't believe in that.It limits asylum eligibility to non-US nationals who arrive in the US states at a port of entry.It authorizes the removal of non-US nationals to a country other than that individual's country of nationality or last lawful habitual residence, whereas currently this type of removal may only be to a country that has an agreement with the United States for such removal.As an example, Venezuela is run by a communist genocidal murderer. He has said, Maduro, we're not taking anybody back. Why? He is emptying his prisons. He is sending his criminals here. He is sending his gang members here. It's having an effect right now on our country. These Venezuelan criminals, we've never seen this before, that are hooking up with MS-13. He says we're not taking any back. This law says, fine. They go back to the last place they came from, but they're not staying here.The Democrats didn't want to vote on that. It expands the types of crime that may make an individual eligible for asylum, such as a conviction for DUI, causing another person serious bodily injury or death. You do that, you're out.It authorizes DHS to suspend the introduction of certain non-US nationals at an international border if DHS determines that the suspension is necessary to achieve operational control of that border.It prohibits states from imposing licensing requirements on immigration detention facilities used to detain minors. Lot of Democrat states. This is what they do, through the backdoor.It authorizes immigration officers to permit an unaccompanied alien child to withdraw their application for admission into the United States, even if the child is unable to make an independent decision to withdraw the application.Why? Because these kids are being used by coyotes and others. They're not actually the children of the people who bring them and then they're sold into sex slavery and pornography.And if the kid says, wait a minute, that's not really my parent and so forth. What this law would have done is say, okay, let's take that kid. Let's address the issue and we can in fact, send him back without a so- called adult or parent because that kid is in danger. The Democrats said no.Imposes additional penalties for overstaying a visa and requires DHS to create an electronic employment eligibility confirmation system modeled after the E-Verify system and requires all employees to use that system. So you've come here illegally, you don't get a job and you're deported.That was passed 10 months ago by the House of Representatives, only the Republicans, not a single Democrat voted for it. It went to the Senate and it died.Why don't they bring that up for a vote? Why doesn't Joe Biden ask for that? No, no, he wants the phony bill. You know, immigration in our time.But what's the consequences of all this? Well, the Justice Department pretty much after 2018 and 2019, that is during the regime of Biden has stopped providing us with key statistics. But when they used to, this was from the Department of Justice, it was revised.I want you to read this for the years that it mentions: Non-US citizens who make up seven percent of the US population accounted for 15 percent of all federal arrests, 15 percent of prosecutions in US district courts for non- immigration crimes in 2018. That is crimes unrelated to the fact that they committed a crime to get here.The portion of total federal arrests that took place in the five judicial districts along the US-Mexico border almost doubled from 1988, thirty-three percent to 2018, sixty-five percent.What about 2020? We don't know. They're not very transparent over there now at the Department of Justice.What else?Federal arrests of non-US citizens more than tripled from 1998 to 2018, rising 234 percent while federal arrests of US citizens rose 10 percent over the same period. Oh, 234 percent versus 10 percent. I see.Federal arrests of non-US citizens increased from 73,000 in 2017 to 125,000 in 2018, a one-year increase of 50,000. In 2018, non-US citizens accounted for 24 percent of all federal drug arrests, 25 percent of all federal property arrests, including 28 percent of all federal fraud arrests. We are not even talking about local charges. This is all federal.There were 21 federal criminal immigration arrests per 100 apprehensions by the US Border Patrol in the southwest Border Patrol area sectors in 2018 up from 12 per 100 in 2017.Federal arrests in the five judicial districts on the US-Mexico border increased from 76,000 in 2017 to 126,000 in 2018, in one year. Again, where are the 2021 and 2022 figures? We don't know. They haven't been released as best as I can tell. I looked for them.The number of Central American arrests in the five judicial districts along the US-Mexico border almost tripled in one year, 13,500 in 2017 to 37,519 in 2018. And in 2018, a quarter of all federal drug arrests took place in the five judicial districts along the US-Mexico border.Of suspects prosecuted in US District Court in 2018, fifty-seven percent were US citizens, 43 percent were non-US citizens. I guess everybody is not as the left used to say, out there doing jobs Americans won't do and picking lettuce.Immigration suspects prosecuted in the US district more than tripled from 1998 to 2018. Again, I'd love to give you the new statistics, which would be massively more, but they won't give them to us or at least I can't find them.Eighty-five thousand unaccompanied minors are missing. What? They're supposed to be tracked by the Biden regime. They're missing.HHS has lost contact with more than 85,000 migrant children in the past two years. Where are they? We don't know. Sex trafficking? Pornography?Two-thirds of all UAC, unaccompanied minors, that leave HHS care work illegal, full-time jobs, often in factories and in hazardous conditions. So we have slavery going on, labor slavery of children going on, slavery like we've never seen before in this country since the end of the Civil War under Biden and the Democrats, and they're fine with it with their phony bipartisan bills, with their phony press conferences, with their lies about the power of the president to address this, it is sickening.Caseworkers within ORR, that is the Office of Refugee Settlement claim that HHS regularly ignored obvious signs of labor exploitation, such as single sponsors sponsoring multiple children. Hotspots in the country where many UAC, unaccompanied minors, their sponsors are not the children's parents. UAC with significant debts, direct reports of trafficking, again, on and on and on. In other words, under the Biden regime at DHS, it is a disaster, incompetence.ORR director admitted that only slightly more than a third of unaccompanied children end up with a parent in this fiscal year, which was last year. She said, I believe 37 percent of children end up with their parent, meaning 63 percent don't.Then the inspector general did a whole review of this, 16 percent of children's case files, one or more required sponsor safety checks lacked any documentation indicating that the checks were conducted.For 19 percent of the children who were released to sponsors with pending FBI fingerprint or State Child Abuse and Neglect Registry checks, children's case files were never updated.It goes on and on and on. These are children. These are unaccompanied minors. They are being encouraged to come to the United States by Biden and the Democrats and his bureaucracy.They are coming to the United States, they're being sold into sex trafficking. They're being sold into pornography. Eighty-five thousand of them are missing. They don't know where they are. Tens of thousands of them are working in enslaved conditions in factories without information known about them.We've got slavery on the southern border going on and on and on and Joe Biden shuffles down to the least trafficked part of the border. Doesn't meet anybody of consequence, doesn't talk to anybody of consequence, says if only the Republicans would support his bipartisan bill, if only if Donald Trump had said let's do it.Joe Biden is a serial pathological liar. He spent his entire life from college and law school, from the Senate, his previous candidacies for president. He is a pathological liar. It does enormous damage to human beings in this country. That's exactly what's going on, on the border, ladies and gentlemen, and it won't be fixed until his ass is kicked out of office.It is that simple.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with our buddy, Chip Roy.Chip Roy, I think we're going to start calling you in the House of Representatives, Mr. Conservative.You know, we used to have that name for Barry Goldwater and others, but you are tried and true and I want to ask you about this border issue.REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): Yes.LEVIN: Joe Biden was down there shuffling around. Here's the problem fundamentally, isn't it? The immorality, the complete lack of virtue, the pathological lying that takes place about everything, including what's going on in the border, the phony bipartisan bill that had more loopholes in the Internal Revenue Code, the bill of yours that you folks passed HR 2, which was a rock solid bill that would have forced Biden to actually enforce current law among other things.He goes down there, he lies about the bill. He lies about Trump. He lies about MAGA. Meanwhile, we have the biggest slave trade going on, on the southern border since the end of the Civil War on his watch, on the Democratic Party's watch and the media seem fine with it. What do you make of it?ROY: Well, Mark, I couldn't agree more. This is something that I've been trying to point out since I've been in Congress, trying to put the human face on the toll of what is going on with what we might just generally refer to as open borders.But it's much worse than that. It is a coordinated scheme driven by the United Nations, international organizations, radical progressive Democrats trying to hide behind false notion of compassion to move people into the United States for crass political purposes to their benefit. That's what's going on.You saw it just yesterday, you saw Marc Elias going out and trumpeting the fact that they're trying to stop Arizona from requiring proof of citizenship for voting. You saw it with Democratic Congress -- members of Congress who are saying that they want these people to come into their districts in order to pad their numbers.They're admitting right in front of us what they're doing and in the process, little girls get sold into the trafficking trade. Fentanyl pours into our communities. Cartels get empowered. Migrants get abused.Fathers get held with ransom for their wives and daughters, that's happened in Texas in Fort Worth, where a federal judge, a friend of mine held them to account. But that man was being held up for ransom while his daughter was being raped in a stash house in Fort Worth, Texas. That's happening on a daily basis.A thousand migrants died along the southern border in the Rio Grande, 53 human beings cooked in a tractor trailer in San Antonio, which I represent.And now we have Laken Riley, who died as a direct consequence of the not just open borders, the specific abuse of parole -- mass parole in El Paso where this individual is paroled out in violation of law, went to New York, committed crimes, went to Athens, Georgia, and then killed this young woman and she is one example of dozens.The blood is on the hands of yes, President Biden, but it is all the radical progressive Democrats who are advancing it and I must say, it is also Republicans who continue to fund it.LEVIN: Chip Roy, do we know, do we have figures, are figures kept on the number of women who've been raped on the border? Do we have figures on the number of children who have been raped? Do we have figures on the number of women and children who have been sold into sex slavery? Do have figures in the number of migrants who are now basically labor slaves working under cover of night -- because it doesn't appear HHS is able to track any of it.ROY: No, they can't even keep up with the people that they're supposed to have under their control, right? We had HHS lose track of about 85,000 children last year. That happened. We didn't make that up. We talked about it in hearings.We don't have really good data. What we do know is, for example, in Texas, we've got friends of ours that work in the human trafficking world that tell us that there's up to 250,000 to 300,000 people in Texas, who are under the thumb of what you would call modern day human trafficking, which is both sex trafficking and labor trafficking. That's what we're being told by the people who follow this stuff.I don't know the exact numbers. But we know it's real. Like I said, I brought up the case of this one father, who was being held up -- and he was here illegally. He was here in Baltimore, he was being held to ransom for $22,000.00 by some bad individuals in Fort Worth, who had a mom and a daughter in a stash house. And thankfully, a good conservative judge is throwing the book at him, upward departed on the guidelines, because the frickin' DOJ wouldn't go after these people the way they need to be gone after.And we see all this happening right now in Athens, Georgia. The mayor there, this sick, progressive Democrat, this guy is trying to say somehow Republicans' fault not blaming the parole policies of the Biden administration, and then trying to be worried about what are we going to say about the illegal aliens who are here?Why don't we talk about the two-year-old boy who was killed here, just outside of DC? What about the teenager who was found in a bathtub in Texas murdered? A cheerleader, somebody who was killed by an illegal alien who was released in the United States by this administration, the radical progressive Democrats, and again, why are Republicans funding this stuff without forcing them to the table to change it?LEVIN: I don't understand why there aren't Articles of Impeachment drawn up against Biden. You know, the Democrats think they have a real argument when they say, well, if you're not going to go after Biden, why are you going after Mayorkas?And my point is, well, let's go after both. The Articles of Impeachment against Mayorkas are rock solid. They have nothing to do with policy.You cite section after section of federal immigration law that has been purposefully undermined, and that is a high crime under the history of the Impeachment Clause that the framers discussed.What is it about Biden? What is it about the Senate Republicans who do not want to defend the Constitution of the United States? And while I'm at it, let me add this. I mean, this is a guy that says, I don't care what the Supreme Court rules on the student debt issue. I'm defying it. Stop me if you can, here's half a trillion dollars, now vote for me.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Jon Scott in New York.The US Supreme Court is signaling it will issue an opinion tomorrow morning. The unusual announcement is fueling speculation it could be on whether Colorado can kick Donald Trump off its primary ballot. A ruling in the case is likely to affect not only Colorado, but also any other efforts to throw him off ballots.The former president is set to appear on more than a dozen primary ballots, including Colorado's for this week's Super Tuesday.Congress is inching closer to avoiding a partial government shutdown. A bipartisan group of lawmakers unveiled six bills tonight to fund the government for most of 2024, but Americans cannot breathe a sigh of relief just yet. Congress still needs to pass the bills before Friday's deadline.Six other funding bills which are still being drafted, also have to pass by March 22nd.I'm Jon Scott. Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Congressman Chip Roy. "That didn't stop me," that is a quote from Joe Biden with respect to the Supreme Court telling him the power of the purse belongs to Congress, specifically the House. You don't have the authority to give half a trillion dollars to your demographic support base, that is the millennials and student loans. Just like He defies federal immigration law. This guy is lawless and he is not held to account. Why is that?ROY: Yes, Mark, you're exactly right.Look, the current president of the United States is carrying out a lawless regime. They're doing it all. You just talked about whether its border or whether it's ignoring the student loans in the Supreme Court. He said it. He is doing it defiantly.I was asked on one program, well, why do you think he's doing that? I would tell you in significant part is because Republicans aren't holding him accountable. Right?Look, I'm glad we impeached Mayorkas. I led that effort in July of 2021. I made the case for impeaching Mayorkas. It was obviously a high crime and misdemeanor with all due respect to a couple of my colleagues who got that wrong. I hope the Senate will take that up and actually do their job.Of course, it's a high crime and misdemeanor to put Americans in danger, ignore your oath to the Constitution, abuse the public trust, lied to us under oath, as Mayorkas did to me under oath. But the buck stops with the president.The president of the United States own this. The blood of people in this country are on his hands, the blood of migrants and the false name of compassion is on his hands. He is ignoring his duty, he should be impeached for this.You don't even have to go down the road of the Hunter Biden laptop and the Hunter Biden nonsense and all the business dealings even though that's all corrupt to high heaven.This guy, this president is ignoring his duty. He should be impeached for it. I completely agree with you. He is ignoring the law and we should get busy as Republicans making that case.Radical progressive Democrats are destroying our country. They need to be called into account.LEVIN: Isn't it amazing, Chip Roy that there is discussion in the Senate now that we'll just dismiss this impeachment of Mayorkas. We're not going to take this up. Now, that's never been done in American history. They defy the Constitution. They attack the people who wrote the Constitution. They attack the people who ratified the Constitution, then they claim they're defending the Constitution.The idea that the House of Representatives votes to impeach a Cabinet officer who is subject to impeachment, for all the reasons you state, and that the Senate may not take it up, among the Mitt Romney, that is an outrageous abuse of power. Is it not?ROY: It is absolutely absurd. I mean, look, this was -- you know, a Democratic regime had no problem going after and trying to impeach Donald Trump for a phone call in the summer of 2019. Now, they won't -- you know, you've got Republicans who are sitting around wondering we are not going to impeach Mayorkas when we've had this happen to our country?How do they look at the family of Laken Riley in the eyes and say, they're not going to go impeach Mayorkas and better yet, don't impeach Biden for what they're doing. Meanwhile, Democrats, radical progressive Democrats will totally go after the former president who loves his country, who wanted to secure the border of the United States, who if re-elected will try to secure the border of this United States, he will do it.And frankly, we need to keep busy pushing our ideas, HR 2. You even had Fetterman, a Democrat saying, wait a minute, maybe some of your ideas aren't so crazy. You know why? Because now they're seeing the consequences. They're seeing the dead Americans like Laken Riley.We have the ability right now to go push an agenda if Republicans will do it and unite, and by the way, it was the Freedom Caucus conservatives who made HR 2 happen by fighting and working within the conference to do it, compromising where we needed, we got it done. It was Freedom Caucus conservatives who pushed Limit, Save, Grow, which put caps in place, help constrain the spending on seven appropriations bills done for the first time in like a decade.We were the ones that set the stage for where we are now. I just wish the Speaker and Republicans would use the caps, use the leverage to get border security, make sure that we can go stand with Israel the right way, defund Hamas, defund the UNRWA, do the things that we ought to do if we'll stand up united and fight.But it's the Freedom Caucus leading the way along with former President Trump and the people in his administration to know what we need to do. So we've got to unite and get that done this year, because radical progressive Democrats want to remake America.LEVIN: And also, we never talk about the massive redistribution of wealth from American citizens to illegal aliens, particularly in our poorest communities.ROY: Yes.LEVIN: You see it in Chicago and New York, you see it in Philadelphia and LA. You see citizens are being kicked out of their schools, their children are out of their parks, out of the recreation centers. People are being put up in five-star hotels. They are getting food cards, they're getting telephones. They get public education for free, they get health care for free. In California, they want to give them all kinds of freebies.Many of these towns want them to vote. They want them to vote, and they want them to eventually vote in federal elections. Complete unraveling of the civil society, complete unraveling of America's culture and American society, don't you agree?ROY: I totally agree. One thing I'm going to be doing is introducing a bill this week federally to require proof of citizenship to vote in elections that affect federal elections generally. That's really important. We've got to stand up and do that.Yes, they are decimating our society, decimating our culture, filling our schools, filling our jails. They're doing it intentionally. And we've got all of these Supreme Court opinions like Plyler v. Doe and other things that made that possible.We, in Texas are bearing the brunt, $12.5 billion to deal with securing the border doesn't even touch the cost of schools, the cuts to our law enforcement, all of the impact on our society.Here's the reality. We have that young lady, Laken Riley, she didn't die because our borders are broken. She died because America is broken. America is broken, because we're not following the rule of law because we're allowing radical progressive Democrats to do that and Republicans aren't pushing back hard enough.I'm going to keep fighting, I'm going to keep pushing back and I'm not going to apologize for it. I didn't come here for second place, Mark.LEVIN: Amen, brother. And when they attack America, what they really mean is to attack the American citizen.America, you, the people in America are being degraded. You're being undermined. Your rule of law, your safety, your schools, your health care system are all under attack by the Democratic Party.Chip Roy, I want to thank you, my friend. Keep it up. God bless you.ROY: God bless you, Mark and your family. Thank you.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Well, we've missed a conservative on the Senate side, our buddy, Ted Cruz.Senator Cruz, Mitch McConnell says come November, he has had enough, the longest serving leader of either party. You, others, I have been very critical of him. Who might replace him? And isn't it important that whomever it is actually begin to reflect the conservative base of the Republican Party as opposed to hating that base?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Look, I think that's very important. I think we need a leader in the Senate who is a conservative. I think we need a leader in the Senate who can work hand in hand with President Trump and I think we need a leader in the Senate who is committed to actually doing what we said we would do.You know, you look at the frustration across this country that so many millions of us feel it fundamentally comes down to the dishonesty of so many elected officials who say one thing on the campaign trail and then do the opposite when they get into office, and I think it is very important that the next Senate, I hope, Majority Leader will be someone who is committed that we're going to deliver on our promises.We're going to stand up and fight for what we said we're going to fight for, to secure the border, to cut government spending, to rein in debt that's bankrupting our kids and grandkids, to defend the Constitution and to fight for jobs across the country.If we deliver on those promises, that's a big deal. If it's just lip service, people will be justified in being just as frustrated as they are right now.LEVIN: And why is it too much to ask that we have a Republican leader who's just as strategic and outspoken as Chuck Schumer? Why is it always that Republicans go to Chuck Schumer with bended knee and he gets 80 percent of what he wants? And if the Republicans are lucky, they get 20 percent.CRUZ: Yes, look, the other side, the left, for them, politics is life and death. It is what they wake up doing, it is their mission, and when they have power, they use it.What is so frustrating as Republicans so often, we treat politics like it's a game of croquet in the backyard. It's not terribly important. You know, we're afraid to actually roll up our sleeves or do any hard work.You know, back in 2018, when we had a Republican senator, Republican House, and Republican White House, I put together, Mark, a 50-page presentation that I presented to all the Republican senators, it was called "Carpe Diem," seize the day. And I went through every time in the last hundred years that Democrats had had united control of government and Republicans that had united control of government.Democrats when they have control of government, they pass the New Deal, they pass the Great Society, they pass Obamacare and Dodd-Frank. They fundamentally reorganize our nation.Republicans when we have the majority tend to be half assed and just do a little bit. And I'll tell you, my pitch to my colleagues was do not waste. We had then about five months left in 2018, do not waste it. Let's pass major reforms, major reg reforms, rein in the regulatory state. But I've got to say, Republican leadership had zero interest in doing anything and we let that opportunity pass by.If we get the opportunity again, in January, we shouldn't blow it this time. We should deliver in a real and serious and as you noted, strategic way.LEVIN: Well said and you know, Mitch McConnell is the most unpopular Republican among Republicans, except he's the most popular Republican among the ruling class and establishment Republicans. That should tell you something right there.Ted Cruz, I want to move on to the use of the Constitution and the law to commit what are really political crimes. I'll call them that.You look at Donald Trump, you look at this civil case in New York, which is a complete abomination. The law is a complete joke and they use the law as a complete joke.You also look in New York and look at Alvin Bragg who has taken up a case that's not a case, that the US Attorney's Office wouldn't take up, that his predecessor wouldn't take up, where he is trying to turn state misdemeanors and federal fraud violations, felonies in order to bring felonies in the state. It's outrageous.You look at Georgia, a ridiculous RICO case. You look at Washington, DC, they're using the Ku Klux Klan law, so much for insurrection and sedition. You're talking about the Espionage Act, which was never intended to be used against a president of the United States, it has never been used against the secretary of State, a vice president, a former president in the case of Bill Clinton, putting classified tapes in his sock drawer.Is this not the most horrendous war on our justice system, on a candidate for president, on a future president that has ever occurred in American history?CRUZ: There is no parallel like it in all of American history. The left has lost their minds. They hate Donald Trump and they are abusing the justice system.Every one of these four sets of indictments is complete garbage. It is brought by partisan Democrats who hate Donald Trump, and they're going after him and understand, their real target is not Donald Trump, their real target is the voters.What they're trying to do is destroy him and use the justice system to stop the voters from electing him in November. The irony is, they use the language "assault on democracy," they are waging an assault on democracy right now. Because these left-wing authoritarians want to stay in power by any means necessary.LEVIN: Hundred percent. There is simply no question about it, and Biden is behind it. He does these statements to a staff who put it out to "The New York Times" and other places, you know, the ponderous judge over there, the attorney general, he gets the message and then the indictments flow.He makes the speeches in public about effectively Donald Trump is a dictator. Our entire society is at stake in order to poison the jury pool, in order to send the word to these local DAs, these Democrats all over the country, keep it up.I want to know what you think about it and what the hell we can do about it.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Senator Ted Cruz, Biden is using the federal bureaucracy, federal taxes to try and get out their vote. You've got this guy Marc Elias, their hitman. He is in Arizona litigating against voter ID.Their lawyers are still spread out. They're using the bureaucracy. Isn't this a violation of the Hatch Act and who is to investigate it? Is the Biden regime going to investigate the Biden regime?CRUZ: Well, they don't investigate themselves. This is abuse of power to stay in power and it is brazen. I've got to say, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and Chuck Schumer, they ought to have an entire chapter in Sigmund Freud because the projection that they engage in is remarkable.We talked a minute ago about how they say they're defending democracy while waging the greatest assault on democracy in the history of our country.They also say routinely, Donald Trump is a dictator. He's an authoritarian. Look, Donald Trump was president for four years. He not only followed the law carefully, but he ushered in policies that made an enormous difference in people's lives.You look at the dictator, Joe Biden is the one who does lawless act after lawless act after lawless act including trying to give a trillion dollars away, forgiving student loans that was blatantly illegal. The Supreme Court had to slap him down including things like a COVID vaccine mandate within the federal government that was blatantly illegal. The Supreme Court had to slap him down. But this administration doesn't care, and the number one example is our southern border.Look, Joe Biden is under a constitutional obligation to take care that the laws are faithfully executed. He is defying federal immigration law. He is aiding and abetting criminal cartels who are invading this country. And I've got to say, the last two weeks as we've seen, the people whose lives have been lost because of Joe Biden's lawlessness, whether it is Laken Riley, the beautiful 22-year-old woman in Georgia, or whether it is Jeremy Caceres, a two-year-old boy, both of whom were murdered by illegal aliens Joe Biden released.We've also seen a 14-year-old child who was raped in Massachusetts and we've seen a child under 14, who was raped in Louisiana, again, both by illegal aliens Joe Biden has released. The consequences of this lawlessness, our people are dying, our lives are in danger and the rule of law is being torn down by these zealots and authoritarians.LEVIN: You make a very important point. This is a war on the American citizen. The American citizens is suffering as a result of that, whether it's the inner cities in Chicago and New York and LA, whether it's rural areas, whether it's rural New York and other places on the northern border, the American people, it's not just crime, the redistribution of wealth from the American citizen to illegal aliens.They're having their parks taken over, their hotels taken over, and all the rest. The best the Democrats can do is come up with a phony bill and blame Donald Trump and people like you.Isn't that part of the problem? When you have people who lack virtue, when you have people who lie for a living, when you have people who believe that the ends justify the means, which is the complete destruction of the existing status quo because it is a White dominant society, because now the Democratic Party has cobbled together the Marxist and the Islamists and all the other reprobates, and miscreants that now the whole country is going to alter its institutions and its society to accommodate the Democratic Party. This is a real revolution, isn't it?CRUZ: It is exactly that. This is Cultural Marxism unfolding. Every day, the Democratic Party has been taken over by radicals, every major institution in America has been taken over by radicals and they are fighting for Cultural Marxism, for government control over every aspect of your life.And I'll point out the hypocrisy of it. You look at these Democrat Marxist billionaires, people like George Soros. Look, George Soros is pouring millions into the state of Texas trying to take me out.Right now, Soros and Schumer, you know, I've got a Democrat opponent, I'm running for re-election right now. My Democrat opponent has already raised $22 million and they are coming after Texas because they want to flip Texas blue, and they want to take me out and that is abuse of power. That is their priority.And by the way, Soros is not in personal danger. He has armed guards surrounding him and he lives a life of opulence. It's the little people whose children get killed by illegal aliens, not the masters of the universe, who are ushering in this lawlessness.LEVIN: By the way, you remind me, with all this money pouring in to take you out and to turn Texas blue, what is your website?CRUZ: My website is TedCruz.org. It's TedCruz.org. And I've got to say, every time you have me on, Mark, it is amazing. Your listeners are incredible patriots, they go online to TedCruz.org. They give 25 or 50 or a hundred dollars and that's what helps me fight back this onslaught.Chuck Schumer and George Soros intend to spend more than $100 million this year coming after me trying to defeat me in Texas, and it is the incredible patriots who watch your show and listen to you on the radio who go to TedCruz.org and they make an enormous difference. It's how we win, how we turn the country around.LEVIN: By the way, just to be fair, if Chuck Schumer would like to come on my show or your opponent would like to come on my show for two full segments, well get your ass in here. We'd love to have you in front of the camera. I've been chomping at the bit to do exactly that.CRUZ: Mark, I've got a request. If you get Schumer on the show, just let me come and sit there and eat popcorn because that that would be destination TV. I would pay to see that.LEVIN: Well, he's got an open invitation as does your opponent. Two segments on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.Ted Cruz, I want to thank you for your patriotism. God bless you, my friend.CRUZ: Thank you, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.I have a question for Nikki Haley and her supporters, the RINOs of the ruling class establishment Republicans and others. Knowing what Joe Biden is doing to this country, how can you continue to try and undermine the obvious nominee of the Republican Party, Donald Trump who is the only one who is going to be able to run in the general election to take on Joe Biden.Joe Biden has now sided with the Islamists. He has sided with the with a Marxists, the Bernie Sanders types. He has created unbelievable slavery and hardship and inhumanity on the southern border.Inflation is out of control. Our military is underfunded, our police forces are defunded. Crime is rampant. Food prices, energy prices are unbelievable.The nation is suffering. We are at the brink. It's time to stop your petty politics. It's time to stop your chest beating and patting yourselves on the head about how righteous you are.We need your help, and we need to defeat Biden and everything he and his party stand for.I'll see you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.