NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: The U.S. response will likely come in phases over time and not a one-off. Indicating that they really want that message to get out there, it won't be a one-and-done type of response, that it will be over time and in phases.The memory of these who needlessly lost their lives.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello everyone, I'm Dana Perino along with Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Jesse Watters and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City. This is THE FIVE.President Biden and his administration promising a response to is coming to the deadliest attack on U.S. troops in years.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We had a tough day last night in the Middle East. We lost three brave souls in an attack on one of our bases. We shall respond.GEN. LLOYD AUSTIN, DEFENSE SECRETARY: The president and I will not tolerate attack on U.S. forces. And we will take all necessary actions to defend the U.S. and our troops.ANTONY BLINKEN, U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE: Respond decisively to any aggression. And we will hold responsible the people who attacked our troops will do so at a time and a place of our choosing.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: But so far, it's all talk, no action. Right now, the administration is grappling with its failure to deter Iran-backed terror groups who had launched a deadly drone strike that killed three American soldiers and injured at least 40 others, the Pentagon just releasing the photos and the names of the three fallen soldiers.They were stationed at a base known as Tower 22 on the border between Jordan and Syria, Fox sources confirming that the lethal drone had gotten past the air defenses at the base because it was mistaken for a U.S. drone expected to return at the same time. So, what did Iran know?The Pentagon and the White House not confirming that story yet, but says Iran had his fingerprints all over it.So far, the Iran proxies have launched over 165 attacks on U.S. forces, it's causing many to point out that the administration's one-line message against the radical regime is not working.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I have one more, don't, don't.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What is your message to Hezbollah, and its backer Iran?BIDEN: Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't.Don't. Don't. Don't.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What's the message to Iran?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Don't.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: As President Biden said, just don't?HARRIS: Exactly, one word. Pretty straightforward.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Incredible. The soft line on Iran continuing today with the White House and Pentagon both ruling out a direct conflict with Iran.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, PRESS SECRETARY, PENTAGON: We are not looking for a war with Iran. We are not seeking in conflict with the regime in the military way.SABRINA SINGH, DEPUTY PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: We don't seek war, we don't seek further conflict. We don't want to see this widen out into a regional conflict. But we will continue to do whatever we need to when it comes to protecting U.S. forces.BRIG. GEN. PAT RYDER, PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: It's our focus. Our focus is not to escalate this into a broader regional war or conflict. No one wants that.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Judge Jeanine, let's just jump right in and get your take.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: I got to tell you, we are not looking for a war with Iran. I mean, Iran is sitting there and saying, we can do whatever we want to these people.Look, Joe Biden is terrified of escalation. He really is. He's proven it time and time again. He says we will not tolerate it, we will respond, except for the 165 times that they hit us in Iraq and Syria with many of our soldiers with traumatic brain injury, which is a lifelong injury.And then two weeks ago, Joe Biden's beating his chest and he says, Iran got the message. And that was a couple of months after Sullivan says, you know, everything's quiet in the Middle East.I mean, we are clueless and feckless on the world stage. We've given Iran a pass because we don't want to get in to -- involved in World War III.And I think it was Mike Pompeo who said this morning, we may not be at war with Iran, but they're at war with us.And so, we've got to try to thread this needle in a way where we recognize they attack us with impunity. We now have soldiers who are dead. They are not stupid, what they did with their drone, they followed an American drone that was turning -- returning home to Jordan, and they literally followed it, and the Americans didn't see it, and it killed three servicemen and injured 34 others. We've got American hostages being held by Hamas. We don't even know if they're dead or alive at this point.And the latest thing is Joe Biden says today, it was wholly uncivilized. Give me a break, get in there and start fighting.And let me just say one more thing. What did Trump do? He killed Soleimani. What did Trump do? He enforced the sanctions. He is a -- he is the person. If we look at the chart of where Iran was financially under Biden and what they are doing now under -- I mean, under Trump and where they are now with Biden, it's very clear, they hurt when we bleed them financially and what we allow them to do is to sell oil on the open market, give them $6 billion in money for the hostages.And today, Biden had nothing on his schedule. Nothing, didn't call the families. What did he do?PERINO: There's also, Jessica, the -- you know, when you look at that montage of what they've been saying that Iran knows not to do anything. Well, that has proven to not work.And that also, when you look at the administration officials that spoke out today, Blinken, Austin, Biden, they all had to read the statements of condolences, as if they don't feel it. And I'm not saying that they don't. But it's strange to me that the reaction is so subdued and in a way that where you have to like read every word that you're sorry that it happened.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I think that they were genuinely surprised, which seems strange considering what has happened over the last few weeks. If you have 150-plus attacks, unfortunately, someone is bound to die from something like this.And I think that the response does need to be more heartfelt. Even if in the most craven analysis of this, you're thinking back to the withdrawal from Afghanistan, which was a seminal turning point in terms of how a lot of Americans felt about President Biden and the Biden administration, not necessarily the decision to leave Afghanistan, but how it was executed. And the fact that we lost 13 service members, and people didn't feel that there was an adequate level of sorrow and appreciation for what they'd sacrifice for us, and that maybe there was more that we could have done to ensure that we got out and that those people survived.So, I think that that's something that needs to be done better. I would say it's Secretary Austin's first day back at work, he is recovering from a cancer and reading the statement, and you would want more.In terms of the Biden administration financing them, the $6 billion has not transferred hands, it's being held by the U.S. and Qatari governments. You say that with Donald Trump, no one died after he took out Soleimani.A few months later, in March of 2020, there was a rocket missile that had an Iraqi base, and we lost two service members. And I don't know if you were critical of him then. But there was a direct response to him taking out a terrorist that no one disputes, and there was bipartisan congratulations for Donald Trump in terms of taking that action.So, I just want to be fair about that and accurate about the money and the financing and --PIRRO: What about selling oil on the open market?TARLOV: You said $6 billion and I --PIRRO: That was one of the things, it's one.PERINO: Well, let me get to Jesse. And so, this attack was scheduled to be right at dawn, pre-dawn, so at a sleeping barracks, to make sure that there was maximum harm.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You know, whatever anti-drone defenses we have aren't good enough. When you saw the map, there's a lot of U.S. service members on these bases throughout the region. And if we're just going to sit back and receive pot shots, that's not a strategy.You can't go out and say don't and the Iranians do. You can't tell Putin don't and invade Ukraine, and you can't tell the migrants don't come and they come. The guy has no deterrence. He's not respected as a commander-in- chief. And people all across the world are just running through his red lines.Now, Kirby's out there saying we don't want to start a war with Iran. We don't want war in the Mideast. Neither do I, no one wants to writ conflict. Of course not.But why are you acting like, oh, we don't want any trouble. You sometimes you have to use force in order to deescalate and so forth, Joe Biden's done nothing.Now, the strategist I talked to said you could hit proxies. Maybe wouldn't do much. You could even hit the Iranians inside Iran, OK.He said the main pressure point is Kharg Island, which is their crude oil terminal, right off their coast, completely would wreck their economy, it would take about a million barrels of oil offline per day. And there's not even a bridge to the stupid island. So, like, it would take years for them to repair it.And then they would have no money to finance all of these little proxies.Now, we have to do something more because right now, this is now the deadliest attack since Abbey Gate and we're not even including the two SEALs we lost, that were raiding that Iranian vessel. They say they drowned. I don't even know if that's a true story because I don't even trust the defense secretary because he lied about being under anesthesia for a week.So, this is a very critical time. I just hope he does the right thing. But I do not trust Joe Biden to handle this delicately.PERINO: And at any time right now, we could be a week away from Iran having a nuclear weapon. And at any time as well, this could turn into a national security election.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, you know, I'm just glad that Lloyd Austin is back. I just wished Joe Biden was. I mean, when you saw him there, he acted like he was reading the early bird special at Denny's. That wasn't a show of strength. Even his life alert was blinking. It was bad.Remember how Trump was deemed an agent of chaos, four years of turmoil to be replaced by the calm, cool waters of Joe Biden. What a pyramid of feces we were sold by the media. We're now experiencing basically a nonstop tornado of incompetence and confusion from cupola to supply chains, to the Middle East, to Ukraine. How much more can we take?I mean, I agree Trump's words, you know, they made people uncomfortable, they made them nuts. But the world was kind of peaceful. And maybe there's something to be said for that, that there is peace through unpredictability and saying, we don't seek war, as Jesse says, that's an obvious statement. But you don't have to say that. You don't have to say that.I don't know what Trump would say. But he would he -- would not say we don't seek war, he'd say, let's see what happens, you know? We don't want to get into war. But you know, we're happy to oblige if they wish.The way he dealt with North Korea, I think what happens is we get stuck in that prison of two ideas, bomb them or do nothing. When in fact, you step back, you get out of the prison, and you eliminate the predictable voices, the people that say bomb immediately, right? And the people that say no, don't bomb, there's so much there.And it's like, either going after the proxies, right, or taking somehow psychologically taking North Korea off the list of existential risks that no one ever considered, right?There is a path forward, you need to assess who the players are, the timing of these events, how this happened? What are you going to do up until November when the issue could solve itself with a new president?See, these are smaller -- these are bigger ideas, right, which lead to smaller manageable problems. Right now, the small prison ideas of bombing or not bombing will lead to what you're talking about.TARLOV: Can I just add to that? The fundamental problem what's going on right here is that Joe Biden is so lockstep with Israel right now, that's really what aggravates Iran in all of this and Russia.PERINO: You know think that's the fundamental problem or is that Iran (INAUDIBLE) Antisemitic and wants to wipe Israel off the face of the earth and one of the behind of October 7th.TARLOV: No, I'm saying the problem -- if Joe Biden was not such a staunch ally of Israel right now, I doubt that this would be happening. We wouldn't be over the -- then why the timing?PERINO: The other thing is, I would say this that the House last year passed a bill. It's called the no funds for Iran. Iranian Terrorism Act, it's sitting in the Senate. You guys want to show that you can do something, at least do that and show that you have something up your sleeve in Washington.Up next, watch out Travis Kelce, the Biden campaign is now trying to win over Taylor Swift's heart and snagging endorsement.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: In today's edition of Democrat elder abuse, President Biden struggling to get through another speech this past weekend, poor guy seems to have forgotten what job he has.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Did you see what he recently said about he wants to see the economy crash this year? Sitting president. As they say in my faith, bless me father for, I mean, come on, man.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: And he didn't say that. But no amount of Biden's brain receding will stop his campaign crew from proceeding. Team Joe reportedly calling into big guns like Bill Clinton and Barack Obama for first-of-its-kind major fundraiser.And the New York Times is supporting how team Biden is hoping to score an endorsement from Taylor Swift, never heard of her. And use her to start to get people to the polls. According to the Times, "A single Instagram post of hers led to 35,000 new voter registrations and fundraising appeals from Ms. Swift could be worth millions of dollars for Mr. Biden".The White House seems pretty excited about the prospect.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: There's something called the Hatch Act, so certainly cannot speak to anything that is related to 2024 and upcoming elections.There are a lot of I know in my shop and the president's office shop, there are a lot of Swifties if you were -- if you will, fans of Taylor Swift and so I'm just going to leave it there.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Leave it there. I love that phrase. You know, Dana, you got to Bill Clinton, Barack Obama and Joe Biden are joining us hands for like a triple threat fundraiser. I heard they convinced bill to come by telling him it was a threesome.PERINO: That's good.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: That's a good one.GUTFELD: Thank you.PERINO: And then they went to a bar.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: I don't have the rest of the joke.GUTFELD: What do you want to talk about?PERINO: So, I think that -- so the Democrats are doing very well on small- dollar fundraising. This can make a difference in a campaign especially for get out the vote.A lot of the state parties for the Republicans are in disarray, and that is putting it mildly. They don't have money, they can't figure out and that's where you do the get-out-the-vote stuff.So, the Republicans have a lot to work on when it comes to that. The Democrats would be able to get some money I get from this thing. This fundraiser, of course.Plus, the Taylor Swift endorsement is kind of interesting to me. So she, I think she has been pretty good at staying out of politics. She did get involved in the guy that was running against Marsha Blackburn a few years ago. But then Marsha Blackburn, so like, kicked his rear end, that was like not a big deal.GUTFELD: Watch your mouth.PERINO: Now, she does have a lot of Instagram followers. And the administration has shown that they care a lot about that. Because just last week, what did they do? They said, oh, on TikTok, they want us to ban liquid natural gas.OK, Generation Z, we will do that for you and basically screw over all of our allies and ourselves in the process.I don't think that Taylor Swift endorsement will have much effect. I think the polling is also going to bear that out. But they can get a lot of noise and attention for it, but I think she'll stay out of it. I really do.GUTFELD: Judge, do you think that kind of endorsement from Swift helps Joe but does it help or hurt her more?PIRRO: Well, that's the first issue that I came up with myself. Why would someone as popular as she is alienate, and I'm not saying, you know, what's going to be, you know, people are going to hate her.But why alienate your fans and Swifties? You know, they come across from every political ideology. Why put yourself in one area.And then the other mistake is that people or Biden is assuming that if she gets involved in this election, and she did support Joe Biden in 2020, so it's not unusual for her to get involved in politics. And you're right with the Marsha Blackburn, Marsha Blackburn kicked that guy's butt.But again, that's Tennessee. And you know, but with the young vote, a new poll shows that 18 percent of voters are more likely to back a Taylor Swift-endorsed candidate.But listen to this, 17 percent are less likely to vote for someone she chooses. So, they cancel each other out.So, don't get involved. Don't get involved in politics. We don't want to see you there.But Joe Biden's in the hole with young people, he knows it. And if he thinks Taylor can get him out of that hole, he's going to go for it.,GUTFELD: All right. Regarding Taylor Swift, Jessica, on a scale of one to 10. What do you think she's going to do? Will she endorse him or not?WATTERS: On a scale of one to 10?GUTFELD: Yes.TARLOV: I'm going with 9.5.WATTERS: Oh, really?TARLOV: Yes, I think so. Because for her and she expresses there was a documentary about her where she was talking about her decision to get involved in politics. And her father raised some of the issues that you just did.She said, it's so important to me, the issues that are on the ballot now. And the danger that Marsha Blackburn's agenda poses to people especially folks who would be my fans. Her core demo is women in their 30s. It's not young Gen Zers, but millennial women like myself on the younger end of the millennial scale.GUTFELD: What was the issue that was so important to them?PERINO: Abortion.GUTFELD: Abortion.TARLOV: You don't have to whisper it. Abortion is a really big issue and it matters a lot to women on both sides of the aisle. Now --GUTFELD: Just want to make it clear, that's all because people always say women's issues but they never say abortion. so, she did it for abortion.TARLOV: Right, also known as reproductive freedom, also known as it's none of your business what I do with my body.GUTFELD: Whatever you can ism you choose.TARLOV: I have never encountered a candidate who would turn down an endorsement or a fundraiser with people who are popular.Now, there are some endorsements that you get where you have to run through a camera right away and say, I hate this person. I have no idea why they said that they like me.But if Donald Trump got the opportunity to have past former Republican presidents, like if George W. Bush wanted to be seen with him, he would welcome him in and he would say something snarky, I'm sure about his change and heart over the Iraq war. But he would say, we're all Republicans, right? I want your vote. And here's W endorsing me.Same thing we talk about these pop stars, right? Donald Trump only has Kid Rock and Vanilla Ice. I'm sure he would like to have more.And people who have the same kind of appeal. We talk about how they could win all the time, like Oprah and Michelle Obama and Taylor Swift are people who have fans across the country regardless of their political beliefs.GUTFELD: All right, there you go. Jesse, so --TARLOV: How would you scale?WATTERS: Well, I would say, Joe Biden doesn't even know who Taylor Swift is.TARLOV: Of course, he does.GUTFELD: He didn't even know who the sitting president was.WATTERS: He confused her with Beyonce and Britney, he doesn't even -- he doesn't even know any of her songs. And she doesn't know any of his policies besides abortion, Jessica.TARLOV: That's not true.WATTERS: He says all the true love of an arranged marriage. This is probably cooked up in a lab by the women that run the Biden campaign and the beta males that run his social media. These are the same people that bring you dark Brandon and Dylan are now telling you that Joe Biden is Swift. Swift and the word Joe Biden, nothing to do with each other.I read this article in The New York Times, this is the Biden reelection strategy. Are you ready? Don't run on Bidenomics. Leave the White House more than once a week. Ask Bill and Barack to raise money for you and hope a popstar endorses you.Jessica, this is not the reelection strategy of a winning campaign. This smacks of desperation. And the fact that he's clinging to Taylor Swift, who he couldn't even pick out of a lineup without Jill going like this, that's Taylor, tells me everything you know about Joe Biden.TARLOV: It's the strategy to owe $83 million for defaming a woman that you're sexually assaulted?WATTERS: I would love Taylor Swift's endorsement, any politician would.(CROSSTALK)TARLOV: Because that was the news from the weekend on that side. And then Joe Biden was 15 minutes late to church and you think it's the end of the world.WATTERS: Like the church, he goes to church.GUTFELD: Let's talk about -- let's talk about that, let's talk about our lawsuit. Then, go ahead, Jessica, what are your thoughts?TARLOV: My thoughts are that you shouldn't sexually assault people and then you shouldn't defame.GUTFELD: OK, was he found guilty of sexual assaults?TARLOV: Yes, he was. He was by a jury.GUTFELD: He was a criminal?PIRRO: No, it's civil.TARLOV: Oh, that means it doesn't count? OK.PIRRO: It means it's not a guilty verdict.GUTFELD: Yes. Anyway, it's always nice to bring something up that has nothing to do with the topic.TARLOV: It does.TARLOV: He said the campaign strategy.WATTERS: Jessica, stop interrupting everybody.TARLOV: Long week ahead.GUTFELD: Yes, it's only Monday.TARLOV: Isn't it crazy?GUTFELD: You're arguing for two now.TARLOV: Well, he's 1.7.GUTFELD: Yes. All right, up next, SNL looking like total idiots after they attempt to dunk on Donald Trump backfires.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: America's liberal fact-checkers will crawl over broken glass to try and correct the Republican but never a Liberal. Case in point, Saturday Night Live is getting a pass after taking a bogus shot at former President Trump and suggesting he made up the term de-banking.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump did have a slight stumble this week while talking about banks, and he introduced an interesting new term called de-bank.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We're also going to place strong protections to stop banks and regulators from trying to de- bank you. They want to de-bank you and we're going to de-bank.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't know what the hell de-bank means but he might have to take the ambulance to see the doctor.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: The genius is over at SNL should consult a dictionary or talk to a Trump supporter. De-bank is a real term and it refers to banks closing people or organization's accounts after perceiving them to be a legal financial or a reputational threat.And that's not the only factchecking fail. The left-leaning Snopes website was forced to reverse fact check of what they did on that goofy image of Joe Biden wearing a hard hat backwards. They initially said the story was false. But then people mocked Snopes and they reversed their ruling to be true.Now, you know, Saturday Night Live has at least a dozen writers and no one could figure out that de-banking was a real term. Is their ideology so over the top that they don't even bother to look things up, Greg?GUTFELD: I think it was the sunk cost of writing a joke. You know, if the - - if the joke gets a laugh which that one did and a simple Google search ruins all the work you put into that zinger, you're not going to do it. And the prob -- the problem with this is it's just a joke but, you know, politics -- you know, politics is downstream from culture so you have a lot of people there who just assume that de-bank isn't real.It's like -- but it is -- when you avoid doing the research, it's like getting in your car and turning up the radio so you don't hear the knock in the engine. It's like if I don't hear the facts, then everything stands. And the -- but the problem is we can hear it. We do have access to the truth, so the joke ends up being on the teller and on the audience.The other thing is, you know, it doesn't affect anyone in their bubble. He probably doesn't know about it because his rich friends are safe and it doesn't exist if it doesn't affect your Liberal friends. Imagine the reverse, a right-wing uh comic or humorous denying that homelessness exists. He never would because you know, it's -- we actually can't afford to do that.If we were to deny that something existed, we would be raped over the coals. But we also are honest about it. And Snopes, in order to survive has to redefine facts as assumptions and opinions. So, now it was just their opinion that Joe had the hat on right when it was wrong.PIRRO: But Dana, don't you feel that it -- you know, with the people on the left now that remember it was like their truth versus our truth which could be the fact, or either way. And now you've got Snopes that is reacting to criticism online and that Joe Biden was wearing the hat backwards, not anything that they did themselves.PERINO: Do you remember after 2016 when all the mainstream media sent out reporters to understand how did they misunderstand America so much, and they had to write all these pieces. Well get ready for them to ride it again. And here will be a great example.This actually did happen to the truckers in Canada. That was one of the reasons that there was the big protest and the revolt. And this is happening to people here in America. The left this is actually what's weird is that even though they might not realize it's coming from the left, it is the left's main thing. This ESG, environmental social or sustainable government, whatever they call that, this is basically -- de-bank is part of the goals.Like, for example if you own a gun and you use your credit card or you're - - you wrote a check, and it's for at a store like Cabela's for example. Where did we just hear that? It was happening last week. So, President Trump is on to something and then the media they just totally miss it. It is -- it is pretty embarrassing. But it'll be fun to read those stories again next year.PIRRO: All right, Jesse, Saturday Night Live, they've gotten a lot of things wrong about me in particular. I mean, do you think that they're left-oriented?WATTERS: I think they got that right. It's fun to fact-check a comedy show on Fox News, isn't it? I mean, we are in the front lines of the cancel culture war so we know about JPMorgan Chase what they did to Trump people or Nigel Farage was de-banked and believe the truckers in Canada got de- banked for that rally they held.GUTFELD: Dana, you should have brought that up.PIRRO: Yes.TARLOV: Dana, how did you let that slide?PERINO: I don't know.GUTFELD: You were not listening to Dana. What were you thinking about?WATTERS: What?GUTFELD: What were you thinking?WATTERS: You know what? I was thinking about Snopes, Greg. Because Snopes said that Barack Obama was born in Hawaii, and now they said his hat was on properly? Like, what else are they getting wrong? You can't trust anything they say.PIRRO: Oh, boy. OK, we're going to move right on from that one. All right, what would you like to say?TARLOV: Nothing about birtherism for sure. I think that this is part of the reason that you're seeing Saturday Night Live have so much less cultural relevance. And that's not because I don't agree with the point of view. I am no fan of Donald Trump but it's such low hanging fruit to take something that you're not even going to do a simple search.He says so many crazy things that you could pick have fun with the water and the magnets or whatever you want but don't do this because then it also gives people license not only on the right but the people in the middle who are just kind of sick of the vitriolic approach to all of this and they just want to sit down for an hour and a half on a Saturday night or however they're consuming it and just laugh.And I think it is telling that the conversations that we have about Saturday Night Live where they really have hit a nerve or pushed the envelope really come from the monologues. Like, when they have Dave Chappelle back or when they have Bill Burr on. And they basically say to the audience, we don't really care what you think about. I'm so much bigger than this that I'm going to say whatever I want for the next seven minutes. And the ratings Spike and that's what folks are looking for.And I am very curious and we'll find out soon what the impact of the changes in these late-night shows will have on Jon Stewart when he returns to taking over The Daily Show on Monday nights. It starts February 12th I think, because John Stewart obviously no fan of Trump but also someone who has given himself to veterans causes who shows up here which I always appreciate and does interviews. So that's something I am very much looking forward to.PIRRO: Up next, dogs aren't safe in Liberal cities. A woman clinging to the hood of a car to save her animal.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: Even our pets aren't safe from rage and crime in the streets. A crazy moment caught on tape, a woman seen desperately clinging to the hood of a car after the people inside stole her beloved French Bulldog. The crooks grabbing her pet in broad daylight as she ate lunch in L.A. and then dragging her on the car for several blocks before swerving and flinging her off. Thankfully she's doing OK, minus some scrapes and cuts. And all she wants now is her dog back.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALI ZACHARIAS, DOGNAPPING VICTIM: Please just sell him back to us. At this point, like we don't care about anything except getting him back. So, we're not looking to press charges. All we're looking to do is recover, you know, our baby.(END VIDEO CLIP)TARLOV: Police are still looking for the dognappers. But it comes with no surprise French Bulldog kidnappings are on the rise. And the breed can go for tens of thousands of dollars. So, you're all dog owners here. Greg, you have a French Bulldog. Are you afraid?GUTFELD: Yes, I would do that. I would -- and I would if you told me I would do that two years ago, I would have laughed at you. But it's I've had him for a year and four months. I would def definitely do that. I would be insane. I would be Mel Gibson in Ransom.But you know why this breed is so popular and causes people to go crazy?PIRRO: Why?GUTFELD: It's probably the breed that's most like people. It's anxious, it's needy, emotional, incredibly expressive. The faces they conjure up remind you of your relatives or feelings that you've had in life. Tyrus has the best take on this, that they've been bred so far away from dogs that they confuse other dogs and even bears.There was a great video of a Frenchie charging three terrified bears. The bears ran away and I -- and I -- and talking to Tyrus, he goes yes, they have no idea what that gremlin is. Is it an animal or a human? And why does it have a face and shoulder blades and muscles? It just doesn't seem like a normal dog. So, other animals respond to Frenchies the way humans respond to spiders. It doesn't matter with the size, you just run screaming. That's my analysis.TARLOV: Dana?PERINO: I would totally do this. I would scratch their faces off. I would do anything about this. I think the law needs to be changed. Our pets are not property. They are family.TARLOV: They're family.GUTFELD: Oh, I would kill them.PERINO: Oh, I would. I'd be sitting in jail with Daniel Penny waiting for manslaughter charges. I'd be so furious. This is happening a lot. Remember, we just did a story about a month ago in Washington, D.C. when they came and took the dog from the woman's home. That one turned out to be a good new story in the end, but they did pay tens of thousands of dollars to get them back.GUTFELD: This is the reason why the John Wick movies are so successful. It starts with a dog.TARLOV: Jessie?WATTERS: Don't take this the wrong way, Jessica, but if any of you were kidnapped, I would not be jumping on the hood of a car. Tactically it's really stupid. Think about it. I mean, this is what they do in cartoons, OK. Some woman thinks she's going to recover her dog by becoming like a bug on the windshield. One swerve, this woman is flying off into the sidewalk.What you do is you get the plate number and then you get a good lawyer. And then you don't get bruised and scratched on the cement. This is asinine. You admit it's asinine.PIRRO: Oh, you're going to get a plate number.WATTERS: It's overly emotional.PIRRO: So, you really think this person has a legitimate plate on that car? First of all, I agree with Dana, I'd kill the person. I'd be riding that car. There's no question about it. Number two, I don't believe that they -- that these people have a legitimate car and a legitimate license plate. Number three, microchip your dog. If you microchipped it, that way when they take it to the doctor, you can say it's your dog.And number four, poodles are more like humans than any other dog. My dogs sit with me. They have no problem. They're not -- they're lonely and then they're not lonely depending on whatever mood I'm in they're in.WATTERS: I have microchipped to my kids. I have not done it to the dog yet.GUTFELD: We're taking the microchip out of you.TARLOV: The air tag thing is interesting.PIRRO: Yes. I put an air tag on each of my dogs and I microchip them. And I'll come at you with a Byrna, not a real gun but a Byrna.WATTERS: The Byrna?TARLOV: What is that?PIRRO: It is a non-lethal self-defense gun.WATTERS: Like a stun gun?PIRRO: Yes. Peppers pray --GUTFELD: Can you get it off Amazon?PIRRO: No, but I'll tell you where.TARLOV: She has multiple.PERINO: You'll get de-banked when you do it.PIRRO: Well, pepper spray and kinetic.TARLOV: Speaking of dogs, Snoop Dogg making a shocking announcement on his beef with Donald Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Snoop Dogg squashing his years-long beef with Donald Trump. In the past, the rap star has been straight-up nasty to the former president and his supporters. And at one point, Snoop pointed a fake gun at a clown version of Trump for one of his music videos. But Snoop is now taking the high road. The rapper jumping on the Trump train after the former president tossed a pardon to one of the Dogg father's friends saying quote, I have nothing but love and respect for Donald Trump.All right, Jessica, I see you Taylor Swift and I raise you Snoop.TARLOV: Honestly, I don't know what we're going to do when Donald Trump wins the black vote because of this.WATTERS: Greg, your thoughts on the Snoop endorsement. How significant is this?GUTFELD: I do remember pointing a gun at a clown version of you and then it turned out it was you.WATTERS: Thank you.GUTFELD: The point is that it's not that Trump is gaining supporters, it's that the Dems are losing allies and ground. All Trump has to do is stay where he is and the rest of America will catch up to him. Suddenly the crass and arrogant American dad isn't so bad after all.It also shows you that a lot of politics is local and decentralized. It's defined best on how it affects you personally. So, the issue affects Snoop because it's personal and it addresses his own safety and security. So, I think you're going to see this more I think when -- especially when you look at the migration issue. Blacks don't see that politically perhaps as much as they see it as a personal security and safety issue.WATTERS: Snoop D-O-G-G.PERINO: Yes. With Biden at a 33 percent approval rating, it's no longer a dangerous career move to say that your friends like Donald Trump.WATTERS: Judge Jeanine.PIRRO: Well, OK, I'm curious as to whether or not Biden has told Snoop Dogg he ain't Black yet, all right. And then I also -- I want to -- for the record, I want to say that I was right about something. Remember when Snoop Dogg said -- when was it? In November, he was giving up smoke. OK. Well, he ended up partnering with a smokeless brand. It was all a marketing stunt.WATTERS: OK.PIRRO: So, there.WATTERS: So, there. Jessica, do you have anything legitimate to say?TARLOV: Well, I'm glad that you recognize that it's a totally illegitimate idea that he's going to lose the Black vote. I think that you will start to see it's kind of this anti-politicization thing that's happening where you just -- however you're going to go in and do it in the voting booth doesn't necessarily translate to how you talk about things. And it does matter if someone helped your friend out.And one of the strongest things Donald Trump did was bipartisan Criminal Justice Reform, and he got a lot of good press from that, and a lot of Democrats that were very supportive of it.PIRRO: And I include you in that as well.TARLOV: Yes. Roll the tape. I thought it was great.GUTFELD: Then it was a bad idea. I take back everything I said.TARLOV: OK.WATTERS: Oh, so funny. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time not for "ONE MORE THING." Greg.GUTFELD: Tonight, we got a great show. Kayleigh McEnany, Jimmy Failla -- who's he -- Kat Timp, Andrew Gruel. It's going to be a great one, 10:00 p.m.Let's do this. Greg's who's picking at our balls. This is a question that I ask every day, who is picking out our balls? Well, let's go to Phoenix at the Phoenix Zoo where a duo of ground hornbills are hunting for tasty worms and insect snacks that are hidden inside a pool of tennis balls. This is so they don't eat it too quickly and it slows them down.PERINO: Oh, you can do this with dogs too.GUTFELD: Yes. So, these are the that are picking at our balls.PIRRO: Oh, that's good to know.TARLOV: I hope that's a recurring --(CROSSTALK)PERINO: I'm glad -- I'm glad -- I hope it doesn't hurt too much. Jesse?WATTERS: That's hard to follow but I will try. Don't miss the new series on Fox Nation, "THE FALL OF MINNEAPOLIS." It's based on Liz Collins bestseller They're Lying: The Media The Left And The Death Of George Floyd. It's a multi-part documentary featuring dozens of interviews. Derek Chauvin, the officers who serve during the riots. Check it out right now available on Fox Nation.PERINO: It's excellent.WATTERS: Tonight at 8:00 "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," we sent Johnny to the tailgate of the Ravens Chiefs game. Here's a clip.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNNY BELISARIO, FOX NEWS PRODUCER: Who's excited to see Taylor Swift tonight?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Nobody. We are in Baltimore. We don't care about no Taylor Swift.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: There is Johnny 8:00.PERINO: I can't wait to see that one. All right, hey, if you have any $2.00 bills lying around, you might want to think twice about spending those because guess what, they could be worth a lot more than that. The highest value right now for a $2 bill is $4,500 for uncirculated notes.PIRRO: No.(CROSSTALK)PIRRO: I have a bunch of them.WATTERS: I have a bunch of those.PIRRO: So do I.PERINO: And so, my grandparents used to send that in the -- in the birthday card and we were told to hold on to them. I don't know where mine are. Wait a minute. Where do you get $4500 from?PERINO: If they're circulated -- uncirculated notes from 1890 --PIRRO: Uncirculated.PERINO: From 1995 though, you could get $500, all right. So, take a look for your $2.00 bill.PIRRO: Where do you take it though for $500?PERINO: From -- I'm not sure. I'll get back to you on that. Hey, don't miss the latest podcast episode of Perino On Politics just posted with Jim Garrity. OK, Judge.PIRRO: OK, Mary Lou, a Florida K9 helped find a missing and endangered 11- year-old girl this weekend. Mary Lou led sheriff's deputies to a park near the missing girl's apartment complex where the K9 was able to sniff out the young girl who was trapped in one of the bathrooms. Check out how excited Mary Lou is once they get the bathroom door opened.PERINO: That's pretty great.PIRRO: That is great.PERINO: Good for her.PIRRO: That's right.PERINO: Jessica.TARLOV: OK, celebrities just like us, they can be catfish as well. Drew Barrymore talking on her show about how she recently matched with who she thought was a Los Angeles Rams player on a dating app sharing that she had gone to the team's first practice game, then he admitted that he was actually a musician -- I'm sure, struggling musician, and uses the NFL players identity to snap --PERINO: Why do all of these things happen to her?GUTFELD: Yes. Great question.PIRRO: Because she's in television and she needs stories.PERINO: It's a weird thing. She's just like us I guess. All right, that's it for us. Have a great night, everyone. Hey, Bret!