SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.And tonight, a new chapter in Biden's illegal immigration crisis. People from Haiti, they are now appearing off the coast of Florida, including one group on a boat stuck with firearms and drugs. Governor Ron DeSantis will join us to respond.But we begin with our top story out of Fulton County, Georgia, tonight where disgraced anti-Trump District Attorney Fani Willis has now turned the Atlanta court system into nothing but a joke. Now, today, the superior court judge in this case, Scott McAfee, all but accused Willis of lying, corruption and frankly gross misconduct. He slammed the, quote, financial cloud of impropriety, surrounding her illicit affair and comingling of finances with the outside council that she hired with hundreds of thousands of dollars of taxpayer funds to help prosecute, of course, Donald Trump.And now, he called her bizarre outburst during testimony unprofessional, he accused both Willis and her lover Nathan Wade of, quote, potential untruthfulness. The judge even stated that, quote, an odor of mendacity remains. In other words, Fani's motives and actions as Fulton County D.A. stink to high heaven. He also rebuked Fani Willis for playing the race card during a recent speech designed to smear Donald Trump and others for merely exercising their legal rights.But, of course, despite all the misconduct that Judge McAfee ruled that Fani Willis is free and clear to continue her quest against Donald Trump so long as she cans her former or current $654,000 lover Nathan Wade. Does that make sense?Now, right on cue, earlier today, Wade officially resigned. It appears that Willis threw Wade right under the bus. Naturally, the taxpayers of Georgia, they will not be receiving a refund and Fani Willis will not face any legal consequences. As one popular legal account on X pointed out, quote, Judge McAfee rules that only one potential liar can prosecute the case, but not both potential liars. Now, does that make any sense? Of course not.But she's a Democrat trying to prosecute Donald Trump, so I guess apparently she's probably above the law. Still, the media mob they recognize this as a devastating blow. Fani Willis is now embarrassing them, making their case against Donald Trump look petty and stupid which it was from the beginning and now lashing out.Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is such a huge body blow, almost a fatal blow to Fani Willis. I think the way forward is she has to voluntarily recuse herself. I don't know that she has it in her.UNIDENTIEFIED MALE: The D.A. should consider recusing herself as well as the case moves forward, to allow it to do so cleanly.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: All of this, especially this language from the judge and we're just giving the opinion right now. I'm sure there's likely more. It's really a gift to former President Trump and his codefendants because they're not only going to fight this case on the merits. They fight it in the court of a public opinion. Optics here matter.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Any one of these statements by a judge would be a career ender for a normal prosecutor to have an on the record finding that there are reasonable questions about whether you lied under oath, that would be -- that would be devastating, and we'll see what the political effects will be. The bottom line, the D.A. survives but not without serious bruising to use your analogy, Sarah.(END VIDEO CLIPHANNITY: Now even "The Washington Post" is calling the ruling a significant setback for Fani Willis. "New York Times" also openly worried about the case, and the new series of inquiries from the Georgia legislature and, of course, the judiciary committee that's led by Congressman Jim Jordan.Now, Chairman Jordan recently threatened to hold Fani Willis in contempt if she fails to produce subpoena documents by March the 28th. Make no mistake, despite Judge McAfee's ruling today, there are still many questions, lots of doubts looming over Fani's desperate attempt to get Donald Trump. Ultimately, why would anyone trust the D.A. credibly accused of lying and corruption, a person rebuked by a judge as unprofessional, a potential liar, tainted by a cloud of financial misconduct and racial bias, a prosecutor who is, what, above all else a giant hypocrite.You might remember this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, FULTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY: Because you're sitting with someone today that actually wants to make a difference, because they deserve a D.A. that won't have sex with his employees, because they deserve a D.A. that won't put money in their own pocket.I certainly will not be choosing people to date that work under me, let me just say that.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Oh, those rules apply for thee, but not for Fani Willis. At the end of the day, well, devout Democrat Fani Willis brought a massive case with dozens of charges against Trump and several other Republicans, she then directed over $650,000 in Georgia taxpayer funds again to her on and off again lover, Nathan Wade, to help prosecute the case.Now, Wade did not have much relevant experience, which is amazing, but was reportedly paid more than other outside counsels and during their personal and professional relationship and partnership, Fani Willis, well, she went on those lavish trips and vacations with Nathan Wade, with the money she was paying him, or the taxpayers were.And apparently, she benefited financially from that relationship and yet, Fani Willis believes she has done absolutely nothing wrong. She truly believes she is above the law, that the justice system in blue cities, blue states is corrupt and bias beyond belief.As it stands now, no Republican or conservative will ever get a fair trial in these jurisdictions, especially not anybody with the last name Trump. This is nothing but a kangaroo court with political motives. It is rotting our justice system from within.Here to respond, she is the co-host of the hit show "The Five", Judge Jeanine Pirro.Judge, all right, let's get your overall take here. Also, I know, right?(LAUGHTER)JEANINE PIRRO, CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": I can't.HANNITY: Now, you're making me -- you can't make this up. But you do have one other concept, legal concept we got to look at and that's the fruit of the poisonous tree here. Wouldn't this mean that all the evidence gathered by Nathan Wade, don't they have to throw that out?PIRRO: Well, you know, you could certainly make that argument, but remember who the judge is, this is a judge you recall, Sean, that I told you didn't have the spine to hold Fani Willis in contempt when she started running the courtroom pointing her finger at him and telling everybody that she wasn't on trial. So this judge who is two weeks away from his next election and doesn't want to upset any of his constituents makes a decision that is absurd.If Wade is in a situation where he was so dishonest that he lied about the relationship that they've got to cut him from the case, why isn't Fani being cut from the case? I mean, that is an absolute bottom line question. This is a case that is mired in scandal and is mired in and as the judge said an odor of mendacity, dishonesty, and lies.And for the judge to come out and say, you know, I don't know if this is an actual conflict of interest, we've still got the Georgia bar and we've got the state investigative commission for commissions that can look into this -- Judge, you were the one who sat on the evidentiary hearing, you were the one who were supposed to make the decision about what witnesses were lying and what witnesses were telling the truth.And for you to decide that Wade, the boyfriend, he's got to go because he is not capable of telling the truth, he lied about the same thing she lied about and she confirmed his lies. But he goes and she doesn't?Look, this speech she made at the church, Sean, is enough. That is race- baiting. As a D.A., I would be canned for making a speech like that basically saying that a defendant that I'm prosecuting is a racist. And that is enough to get her off.But this judge doesn't have the chutzpah to get him off, to get her off the case and leaves it up to her. And for anybody who has any doubt, she's not going to leave this case. She could care less that Wade is gone. She got five vacations or six vacations in five months and the judge said, well, we can't be sure how much money really passed but there wasn't enough evidence. Judge, I know you're new to this, but your job is to decide the facts, decide the evidence, who lied, what the money amount was, and you can't then turn around and say, you know, it's kind of hard to tell.And also this guy Terrence Bradley who's the boyfriend's lawyer, he said in an affidavit they absolutely started the affair before the job. He takes his stand and what's the word? He was inconsistent, his demeanor was unusual, he was unresponsive and he said, I couldn't make a conclusion.Judge, you can make a conclusion by drawing in the fact that there is this inconsistency, there is this guilty demeanor, there is this lack of responsiveness is something that's an absolute sworn to statement. But this judge doesn't have the spine.In the end, the people trying this case, Sean, are going to be trying a case that they know is a mess, the two of them lied and they're trying to try Donald Trump for lying and offering false statements.And I got to tell you, you know who wins in this case? The prosecutor. With the boyfriend off the case, that's a win for her.This guy doesn't know his way around a courtroom. He's never even tried a felony case, let alone a RICO state -- case.HANNITY: Judge, let me ask you because -- look, friends of mine in Georgia told me this guy because of the reelection that he's going to be facing soon that they predicted that he'd split the baby, which is what he pretty much did. But he also poisoned the well against her in an appeal. It's hard to imagine one party created an appearance of conflict but not Willis. So, the logic of the judge and his unwillingness to go the full step I think it's he has set her up now to be out of this case as well. Time will tell if I'm proven right, but I see it that way. What do you think?Well, we'll see whether or not when the appeal takes place whether, the -- certainly the case is now delayed. The appellate division or whatever the second level is called in the state of Georgia has a lot of decisions to make. I think that in the end, this fact finding, what little there is, is enough to get her off. No one -- no one can explain why he has to go but she doesn't when she's the one who benefited from the money.And the money that he made, $650,000, now I was a D.A. for years. I was an assistant D.A. and the elected D.A. three times, you don't pay anybody $350,000 who's never tried a felony case. This is corrupt from the get-go.HANITY: All right. Judge Pirro, we can catch her every day, of course, on "The Five", you never -- why are you making me laugh because this was -- it's actually humorous when you actually look at the ruling. You can't make -- because you can't make this stuff up, you really can't. It's like out of a spy novel that or a judicial novel that you couldn't even make up.All right. Joining us now with more reaction, FOX News contributor Gregg Jarrett and Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz is with us.Professor, start with you tonight.Odor of mendacity, let's get your take overall on the case and the lack of logic or the lack of the application to both Fani Willis and Nathan wade. That should have at least been consistent because they were both involved in it.ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR: Look, there's no odor here. There is perjury on the witness stand without a doubt. There are people in prison, people on death row, on lower levels of evidence than this. What the judge tried to do was be Solomon and then split the baby and the baby died. This is a terrible, terrible opinion.On the one hand, he says, I have a reasonable basis for wondering if the testimony is truthful, then he proceeds to credit it. And believe it when it comes to whether she paid the money back, whether or not they had the affair, all of that kind of thing. This case belongs in front of a Justice Department or an attorney general or a district attorney for a criminal prosecution.There was perjury, obstruction of justice, witness tampering and conspiracy to commit perjury. This is not a close case. There was of course a real conflict of interest. No, maybe the prosecution didn't begin in order to enrich either of these two people, but along the way, decisions were made which enriched them and which may very well have impacted on the rights of defendants.This judge should have dismissed her, dismissed the whole office and seriously considered dismissing the entire case. And I think the lawyers for Trump, if they can, should try to take an interlocutory appeal or a mandamus, some kind of an immediate appeal to the next level court. If they don't, they will still have a good issue on appeal if they lose the -- if they -- if they are convicted.This case is a disaster and this judge just didn't have the courage of his convictions. He knew that they lied but he just didn't have the guts to say it directly.HANNITY: He's -- he's running for reelection, Professor, and the Georgia Governor Brian Kemp launched the state commission with the power to remove rogue and incompetent prosecutors just like her, which I -- which I imagine would happen here.Let's get your take, Greg Jarrett.GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, the decision makes no sense, quite obviously, because the judge found that both Willis and Wade engaged in improper conduct that merits removal for the appearance of impropriety. That's the standard.But he also found that together, they committed the exact same wrongful behavior. So both of them are guilty of disqualifying conduct under the law and yet he orders that only one of them must leave the case. How is that remotely logical? Well, it's not, which suggests, Sean, that this is a purely political ruling for the bench. I think it's a craving, gutless decision to throw Fani Willis a lifeline, to keep the case against Trump going because if she goes, then under Georgia rules of procedure, the entire indictment gets yanked from the D.A.'s office.Willis gets to stay but I don't know how in the world she survives this politically. I don't know how she survives the myriad of other investigations into her alleged wrongdoing or in fact her upcoming election. This judge condemned Willis for playing the race card in her church speech.Judge Jeanine is right. That's disqualification by itself. He openly admits that the case has as you point out the odor of mendacity. That means it's dishonest and yet he refuses to fix it. His only remedy is partial, that's no remedy at all.DERSHOWITZ: Look, let's be clear what really happened here, let's be clear what really happened here. The judge started out with a conclusion that he was not going to get rid of her and then he had to wiggle his way around to find a basis for being able to condemn her because he saw it all with his own eyes, but in a way that didn't result in her leaving. It was a very result-oriented but he felt bad about it, so he had to condemn her and say some things about her.But bottom line is he made up his mind right in the beginning he was not going to disqualify her. Everything else was a variable. That was the constant.HANNITY: Well, let me ask you about this question because the judge did poison the well against her, especially on appeal. It's hard to imagine one party created the conflict and benefited from this and not the other. On the issue of alleged perjury, I would agree with your analysis, Professor.Then you have the whole issue of the fruit of the poison tree, what about - - Gregg, what about all the evidence that was accumulated by Nathan Wade? Doesn't that now have to be dismissed?JARRETT: Well, you know, fruit of the poisonous tree generally is evidence obtained illegally, cannot be used. Here, it's more of corrupt behavior that creates the appearance of impropriety and actual impropriety itself, although the judge refused to find that.You know, McAfee said that Fani Willis's testimony was unprofessional and he actually said it may have been untruthful. But then he goes on to say, and I'm quoting here, not so incredible as to be inherently unbelievable. What the hell does that mean? That's word salad, and it's charitable at best.No sensible person was buying these vacuous excuses that Willis and Wade were peddling during the hearing but the judge is her apologist now, saying, well, she made bad choices and exhibited and, I'm quoting here again, a tremendous lapse in judgment.HANNITY: All right. Exit last question.JARRETT: No, it was unethical, it was disqualifying.HANNITY: Will -- will this case move forward is this case die on the vine, Gregg?DERSHOWITZ: Well, I hope it dies on the vine, that's where it belongs. It was never a good case. I would hope that his lawyers can try to bring some kind of an appellate action which will delay. You know, everybody says Trump is trying to delay, it's the opposite, it's the prosecutors who are trying to rush this case to try to get the convictions if they can in jurisdictions like Fulton County and New York City and Washington, D.C., before the election, knowing that they may be overturned on a appeal.So it's a rush to judgment by the prosecutors and, of course, defense attorneys want to slow it down. I think this may prove fatal ultimately to the case.HANNITY: Craig, last word?JARRETT: Well, I think the jurors are going to know that this case is absolutely riven with scandal and impropriety and conflict of interest and is politically motivated. And I think this, you know, he's going to make it a lot harder for the district attorney to obtain a conviction against Donald Trump.DERSHOWITZ: I agree.HANNITY: Listen, I lived in Georgia, Fulton County, Georgia, not friendly territory for anybody that is Republican or conservative or that has the last name Trump. We'll watch closely. Thank you both. Have a great weekend.When we come back, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, he announced that authorities in his state just apprehended a boat with illegal immigrants trying to flee, Haiti. By the way, along with drugs and guns.Governor DeSantis will join us now. What is he doing to prepare Florida from what we expect to be a major influx of illegal immigrants from Haiti? Straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(NEWSBREAK)HANNITY: And tonight with the situation rapidly deteriorating in Haiti, concerns over new influx of illegal immigrants are mounting. Earlier today, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis announced Florida Wildlife Conservation Commission officers stopped a boat carrying 25 illegal immigrants from Haiti. And, by the way, they had guns and they had drugs. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R), FLORIDA: Just recently, within the last couple of weeks, and this will be made public later today, our Florida Fish and Wildlife Officers interdicted a vessel that had 25 illegal immigrants -- potential illegal immigrants from Haiti. In their boat, in their vessel, they had firearms, they had drugs, they had night vision gear and were boating very recklessly which would potentially endanger other folks. So that vessel was interdicted near the Sebastian inlet and those illegal aliens were turned over to the coast guard for deportation.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now this comes only days after the governor announced that he would be sending soldiers, aircraft and boats to protect Florida from Haitian illegal immigrants. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis joins us now with more.Well, first of all, before we get to this specific case and the drugs and the guns and even night vision equipment which should scare everybody, let me first take note of the fact you're not even counting on Joe Biden to help you. You just acted, you know, with the situation rapidly deteriorating in Haiti, knowing the likely outcome of that would be an influx into this country.You didn't go to Joe Biden because you knew that he would not be willing to uphold the laws of our country. You've watched what's been happening in Texas, in Arizona, and California, and you said, no, it's not going to happen here. What does that say about Joe Biden?DESANTIS: Well, look, Sean, you know, we take matters -- you know, we step up and do what we need to do in Florida. I don't expect necessarily to get the help that that I think we're entitled to and what we found over the last several years is the Coast Guard, they do a good job. They're just way under resources. Biden will not provide the number of vessels that they need to interdict all the ships that come.So I did -- I've been supplementing their efforts for years now. I did an executive order in January of 2023. So about months ago, where we declared it a state of emergency and we surged a lot of vessels. So since January of 2023, our state assets have stopped 660 vessels, not all from Haiti but from other islands in the Caribbean, and we've interdicted 13,580 illegal aliens. So that's just leading to this point.Then our executive order that we did this week is supplementing those efforts. So we have the strongest protection that our shorelines have ever had. Yes, we did interdict the one boat that had the Haitians that were trying to come illegally with guns and drugs. We have not though seen yet a massive influx of boats into our region.And I think part of that is because people know if you take that journey, you're going to get stopped and you're going to end up back where you started. So it's not worth it.One of the things I think that may be different from this situation from when this has happened in years past is Haitians know the easiest way to get into our country is actually not to take a boat and to land illegally in Florida anymore. It's to fly to Mexico and to just walk across the border. There have been tens of thousands of Haitians who have done that illegally. So I think the dynamics are unique but the bottom line for us is we want to be prepared.I was asked today at our press conference, why are you doing this when there has not actually yet been a massive influx? And I say, what are you supposed to do, wait for it to happen? So were putting our assets in place to be able to defend the state.HANNITY: Well, if you had waited, then the drugs and the guns and the guys with night vision, the 25 that you apprehended, that -- they would have made it to your shores, that would have been acting too late. This is a predictable outcome that we're going to expect out of Haiti as politically things have deteriorated very badly there.One, I hate to give you, you know, I'm sure you probably already know this bad news. You can pretty much be assured that Joe Biden and his department of justice will be suing you like they've been suing Greg Abbott and any other state that tries to fill the void and enforce the laws that Joe not only won't enforce, but aids and abets in the breaking of.DESANTIS: Well, see, I think you're exactly right. So, we have the vessels that were going to interdict, which is important.But one of things Biden has been doing is he's been abusing this concept of parole, where he's actually coming in flying in illegal aliens and dumping them in different parts of the United States. So, for example, there was the news today of an illegal immigrant from Haiti who is now arrested or accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old with disabilities in Massachusetts, and that was somebody that Biden flew into this country, didn't even cross illegally, Biden flew them over the border.So that is a unique circumstance. I don't think we've had any president that has flown in this many illegal aliens into our country. So, there's a lot of facets to this. But we are doing what we have every right to do and that's defend the people of Florida.HANNITY: Governor, if you did that, if I did that, I can pretty much assure you that we would be arrested, fingerprinted, handcuffed and we'd be sitting in a jail cell somewhere. That's called human trafficking. It's amazing but it's also sad, but more importantly, it is extraordinarily dangerous for our country, especially -- look at the countries we know people are coming from, Iran and Syria, Egypt, Afghanistan, China Russia, not a good situation.But as the gangs now take over Haiti and that situation worsens, I would assume this is going to get far worse and I have to assume that you're on top of this and ready for perhaps even a much larger influx which would mean a lot more interdiction efforts on the part of your, you know, the -- your staff, the people that you have out there on the waterways.DESANTIS: Yes, and then another facet to it, Sean, is we have Florida citizens who are in Haiti and trying to get out. So I've authorized rescue flights like we did in Israel after the October 7th, because we've got a lot of folks who are part of Christian missionary groups, and they do things to try to actually help a very troubled country. And so, they really are doing good work. They need to get out.So we're working on that. You know, we don't want to say anything too publicly about what exactly we're doing until it happens because it's a very dicey situation. But we do feel an obligation to go in and help Florida citizens who were caught in the crossfire of a very difficult situation.But I think you're right. I think you're going to see it get worse and what I would say is the U.S.'s role in other countries should be to offer support to Haiti to stabilize it there, not to have a million people end up showing up in the United States or neighboring countries. I don't think that's an answer.HANNITY: Yeah. We'll be watching closely. This could get very bad.Governor, thank you. We appreciate the update.When we come back, another update in Alec Baldwin's case. Is he going to go to prison? Will he get off?Also, Scott Peterson back in court nearly two decades after being convicted of killing his pregnant Laci. Pam Bondi, Mark Geragos who worked on that case, they'll have the latest, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Our legal summary of the week, just one week after the armorer for the film "Rust" was convicted of involuntary manslaughter, that's for Alec Baldwin's fatal onset shooting of a coworker, well, now, Baldwin himself is moving to dismiss his own involuntary manslaughter case. His lawyers arguing that the state of New Mexico is engaging in, quote, an abuse of the system and abuse of an innocent person whose rights have been trampled to the extreme.Here with reaction, criminal defense attorney Mark Geragos, and former Florida attorney general Pam Bondi.Pam, why do I think that's quite a bit of hyperbole on the part of Alec Baldwin's attorneys in this case?PAM BONDI (R), FORMER FLORIDA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yeah, they're getting pretty desperate, Sean, because as you said the armorer was recently convicted and I think he was treated more than fairly in that interrogation room with those two female detectives who did an excellent job of treating him fairly and he just ran his mouth, he was arrogant then he did an interview with George Stephanopoulos. He's really -- he's ruined this for himself and now he's desperate.And I believe the jury's probably going to convict him when it goes to trial.HANNITY: Yeah, Mark, they convicted this armorer in three hours, didn't take them long to come to their conclusion but, Alec Baldwin, not only did he claim in that interview with ABC that the gun fired itself and he didn't pull the trigger but didn't he have authority responsibility over the set altogether. Wasn't he supposed to supervise this?MARK GERAGOS, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Yeah, that's always worried me about his defense in this case, because if he were just the actor, I think it's a cleaner case for him. I think that if in fact he was supervising and he was in the mix so to speak doing everything and basically the apex of this, that makes it a much tougher case for him.Interestingly today, on the day that Nathan Wade resigns and the judge inexplicably doesn't find that Fani Willis has to, you know, this case also had its recusal issues there in New Mexico had a special prosecutor.You know, it points out, Sean, many decades ago, you and I used to fight like cats and dogs over special and counsel and independent prosecutors, I don't think that the criminal justice system was designed to have independent counsels and special counsels. I think you're either a prosecutor or you're not and when you stray from that, you run into all kinds of problems. And I think this case is a perfect example of that.HANNITY: You may be right because there's too much politics that often taints the appointment of such a person and especially in a -- in a time where we have a Department of Justice that I believe is weaponized and has been politicized. You may very well be the right one on that side.All right. Let's move to the state of California. Scott Peterson's appeal continues. The judge in that case now has set three new dates to discuss motions to seal documents, conduct new DNA testing and deal with post- conviction discovery. Apparently, Peterson is betting a lot on the new DNA test. It is the core of his new appeal being supported by the Los Angeles Innocence Project.It has been nearly years since Scott Peterson was convicted of killing his pregnant wife Laci, and a lot of people online have been commenting on his different appearance.What's interesting is, Mark, I think at the time I'm not overstating this, if I am, correct me, you might have been one of the most hated people in America because you represented this guy.GERAGOS: I will tell you that I have never -- and I've been practicing now for over 40 years -- I have never experienced the kind of hate and vital for representing somebody. It was part of what attracted me to the case because I'll never forget him being led into the Stanislaus County jail and the kind of the surroundings of it and people calling for his death.And I remember picking a jury and there were billboards with, you know, man or monster vote on it for the radio show. There -- even the trial judge, Judge Delucchi, who's now passed, said at the time, you know, that he had never seen the prejudgment rate of con -- kind of conviction-oriented people.I think and I will say this believing that I don't think anybody knew the evidence better 20 years ago in real time that when I tried this case. I don't -- I never saw anything that led me to believe that he was guilty, let alone beyond a reasonable doubt, and I'm all for him getting a fresh look at this thing 20 years later.HANNITY: All right. I think that hate is going to continue by a lot of people based on what you just said, somebody that's never been hated as Pam Bondi.Pam, what's your take on it?BONDI: Thanks, Sean. Well, you know, you and I have commentated on this trial 20 years ago, and you know, he had one of the best if not the best defense attorney in the country in Mark Geragos, yet let's not lose sight of the evidence. He was out fishing the day after it happened, she had gone missing. He had showed no remorse, her family said, and of course, the infamous affair with Amber Fry who said he was a widower for months and months and that he didn't want children.The forensic evidence, there wasn't a lot of forensic evidence, but there was blood on the mattress, blood on the door of his truck and strands of Laci's hair found in his brand new boat. Also, Sean, if you recall, the experts said that when Laci's body and her unborn child, their bodies floated up four months later, it would have been where he was fishing on Christmas morning, and I think the most damning evidence that even the great Mark Geragos couldn't get around was the fact that he was caught fleeing to Mexico with $15,000 cash and a disguise.And, you know, the thing as a prosecutor is this the victim's family. You feel so bad for Laci's family that 20 years later, they're not going to have any peace yet until this is settled. I've tangled with the Innocence Project for years on my murder cases, and you know that's what they do, but there's got to be some finality at some point for this family.HANNITY: I agree with that part, too.All right.GERAGOS: I would love to. I would love to have a segment where I could rebut it.HANNITY: I can -- I can hear all of that. I still think you're going to end up hated again and Pam will be loved again. So you're -- you're going to lose either way.But anyway, thank you both. Have a great weekend.When we come back, PETA, they're coming for the Easter Bunny. But why you may soon see snakes on the menu. I'm not making it up. Jimmy Failla, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. This week, the animals rights group PETA, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, sent a letter to the White House urging Jill Biden to change the annual Easter egg roll to a potato roll? The letter claimed a potato roll would be, quote, truly inclusive, whatever that means.Anyway, here with reaction, the host of "FOX News Saturday Night with Jimmy Failla" host Jimmy Failla.I don't know how you convince me to do this. You won't even tell me what the topics are, but I am booked -- I am giving up an entire Saturday night. I don't get a lot of time off, to be on your show. That means I can't drink until it's really late on Saturday night. But --(CROSSTALK)JIMMY FAILLA, HOST OF "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": I -- listen --HANNITY: Unless you want a drinking Hannity on your show.FAILLA: Thank you. I -- well, I -- if you were drunk, you'd fit in just fine with the host, so don't worry about that, believe me.HANNITY: OK.FAILLA: I'm more concerned with you are. I want to know who you upset in management that they're making you do my show. You better clean it up, Hannity. I don't need to tell you.HANNITY: I did it out of pure love and friendship and support for, you know, you -- you've had a hit show out of the box which I knew would happen.All right. Potatoes, really? Potatoes?FAILLA: Listen, I don't like it, but I'd rather these kids find potatoes than all the cocaine that's laying around the White House. I mean, it's -- it's -- I'd prefer an egg.HANNITY: Okay, I didn't think of it that way. That's a good point. I wish I thought of that.FAILLA: Here's my concern though, if they do away with the Easter eggs, they might have to do away with the bunny and if there's no Easter bunny, who's going to interrupt Biden if reporters start asking him questions? Have they thought about that? Now, he's going to start talking.HANNITY: Another good point I wish I thought of. All right.Let's go to Canada, Toronto, massive spike in home invasions for auto thieves. Now that is now led police, they came up, Jimmy, with a great solution. Just keep your car keys handy so that the robbers will know where to find it. One Toronto police officer advised a group of residents just leave your keys near the front door to prevent potential burglars from breaking in, attacking your homeowners to get the keys. The police department then later tried to back -- walk back the officer's remarks and said there are other ways to prevent auto theft home invasions.Okay. That's -- why don't we just leave the key in the ignition and say this car available for free.FAILLA: This is like fighting arson by leaving out a book of matches and some gasoline on your stoop. It makes no sense. I've seen better police work from the cop and the village people. Who the heck are these Canadian cops, Sean? Come on, man.HANNITY: I don't -- look, you just can't make this up.All right. Scientists have a new type of protein that they want to start eating.FAILLA: Yeah.HANNITY: Pythons. New study found pythons could be one of the most sustainable sources of meat in the world and they claim it tastes just like chicken. Why do I know? I'm never going to eat a python. Are you?FAILLA: No, no, no. You know who else is never going to eat a python? The people pushing this junk, okay? I'm convinced -- I'm convinced the climate people are punking their followers. Remember they told us to eat bugs? They weren't eating bugs. Now, they're telling us to eat steaks, they're not going to the steaks. You know what these guys are doing? They're going to the palm tonight, laughing their butt off and being like, hey, Vinnie, I told them to eat steaks and they did it.Like I'm telling you, the climate people are funnier than any prank we come up with on my show.HANNITY: Yeah. Your Vice President Harris hosted a very important event at the White House today, this on the heels of going to the abortion clinic yesterday. A cannabis reform round table, special guest rapper Fat Joe. I didn't thought -- I thought you couldn't use that word anymore, anyway, along with the Kentucky governor as well, and people who have received pardons for marijuana related offenses and convictions.The event comes by the way after Biden discussed the topic at the State of the Union mentioning his efforts to ease restrictions on weed. Reaction?FAILLA: Well, listen, as much as we think this is ridiculous, you've also got a factor in the reality that the only way anyone's going to vote for these people again is if they're on drugs. So I wouldn't be surprised if they're pushing other kind of drugs. This is totally absurd and yes I do believe the gentleman's name is now plus-size Joe.I don't know that we can call him Fat Joe. We might get canceled right here on live TV, Sean. Way to go.HANNITY: It could happen. These things can happen.So you eat weed, and then they have the perfect solution, then go eat a python, perfect night. I can't think of -- I can't think of anything better.FAILLA: What a dumb time to be alive. What a dumb time to be alive.HANNITY: All right. I'm doing your show tomorrow, but you won't even tell me what the topics are. No hint at all. You just got to come on and prepare for the numbers.FAILLA: That how it works, you're off the meter you're going to do a segment called Off the Meter where I can ask you any question I want. You agree to answer. There's no safe words. You're going to crush it, Sean. Come on, man.HANNITY: All right. I'm there, tomorrow night, Saturday night, my date will be Jimmy Failla. I'll be home alone.All right. Thanks, Jimmy. We'll be watching. I'll be on tomorrow.Coming up, growing concerns over a measles outbreak in Chicago. Mike Tobin has the latest, that's straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. The CDC, they have sent a response team to the city of Chicago as a measles outbreak continues to spread at a shelter for illegal immigrants in the city. Mike Tobin has the very latest.Mike, what's going on?MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, you know, Sean, in the year 2000, the thinking was that measles had been eradicated, a thing of the past. Now insert an uncontrolled border, people getting bused all around the nation, and the city of Chicago alone now has a dozen cases. Some of those cases are in a warehouse turn migrant shelter in a neighborhood of Chicago known as the Pilsen neighborhood. Two cases involve migrant students who attend Chicago public schools.No one would disagree that the handling of new arrivals in Chicago has been chaotic. Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson blames the Biden administration.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAYOR BRANDON JOHNSON, CHICAGO, IL: This is a really jacked up situation. The border in it of itself because of the failures of the federal government has placed in tremendous amount of burden financially, emotionally on the people of Chicago.(END VIDEO CLIP)TOBIN: Of the 1,900 people living in the Pilsen shelter, most had vaccines or previous exposure. Teams from the CDC, county and state health departments, as well as doctors from universities and hospitals are assisting with vaccinating about migrants who now need to quarantine.Measles is more contagious than COVID, but experts say the vaccine is very effective and most of us have been vaccinated. However, the vaccine is risky for pregnant women and babies, so you've got about a people who have been moved to a hotel at an undisclosed location, where they need to quarantine. The last numbers we got out of the CDC come from March the 7th, and they say that about 45 people nationwide have measles, but that is before the new cases popped up in Chicago -- Sean.HANNITY: All right. Thanks, Mike Tobin. Good report.How about a background check, a health check and a means test, before anybody comes into the country? Just a thought.All right. That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Thank you for making the show possible.Please set your DVR and never, never miss an episode. Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is next to put a smile on your face. Have a great weekend.