WILLIAM LAJEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: So, Sandra, in the name of equity, Democrats here feel that those who make more should pay more. Back to you.SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, William LaJeunesse, thank you so much. And thanks for joining us. That's it for us. I'm Sandra Smith.JOHN ROBERTS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And I'm John Roberts. We will see you again tomorrow, what we like to call Friday Eve. "THE STORY" with Martha starts right now.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right. Thank you very much, John and Sandra. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum. And this is THE STORY. The battle over TikTok has now kicked into high gear. So, where do you stand on this as everyone tries to figure this out? Senator Marsha Blackburn on what the Senate will do now that this has passed in the House and the breakdown and the chaos gripping Haiti as the United States sends in the Marines. We have just heard from Anthony Blinken, the Secretary of State. We will get caught up on that as General Jack Keane joins us.But first, as of today, six counts now struck by the judge in the Georgia case against former President Donald Trump. Still faces 10 more charges there. The judge said there was a "lack of detail" that was provided by the prosecution around the dismissed charges. Some calling this "embarrassing" for Fulton County D.A. Fani Willis as we await a ruling on her future and whether or not she can stay on this case. This is totally separate from that part of the story. We expect we may hear something shortly from the judge on that and that came because of allegations of an improper relationship that may have been funded by taxpayers with Special Prosecutor Nathan Wade.Let's bring in Alina Habba, the Attorney for former President Trump on the team on several of these cases. Alina, welcome. Good to have you here. Good afternoon to you. What's your reaction to what happened today in Georgia?ALINA HABBA, ATTORNEY FOR FORMER PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: I wish that all the counts had been dropped because that's probably what should have been. I mean, at least it was a step in the right direction. It goes to the sloppiness of frankly, the prosecutors down there. We know that that's the case, and more importantly, that this should not have been brought in general. The attorney handling this case put out a statement that I think says it all, you know.And at the end of the day, remember, we've got a prosecutor here who's currently being questioned about her own ethical obligations, her ability to even stay on this case. I'm going to defer to this judge to make the right decision, but today was a good step in the right direction.MACCALLUM: What do you think it means for whether or not he will decide to remove Fani Willis from this case? What does your gut tell you on this, Alina?ALINA: I don't think it's indicative necessarily of his actions in terms of Fani. I think that Fani, Fani, whatever she calls herself, she's got her own issues that are outside of this case that clearly have permeated her decision-making ability. And as I've always said, as my clients always said, we know that these are motivated by one thing and one thing only, and that's election interference, that's trying to bring Trump down. And on the heels of last night, I think that it's very clear that the American people are seeing it for what it is and are going to stand up and not take it very much.MACCALLUM: I want to get your thoughts, even though you're not directly involved in this, you're part of the larger legal team representing the former president. But the first case that is set to go to trial is in New York City here on March 25th under Judge Merchan, and it deals with the hush money that was paid to Stormy Daniels.That's what the charges in this case, and that it was diverted in the way that it was paid through legal fees. Do you think that case is going to get underway on March 25th and how does the former president feel about this one that is likely to happen before, you know, right in the middle of the election season?HABBA: That's a couple good questions there. Number one, do I think it's going to go ahead? Well, really it shouldn't. We have an immunity defense that's currently up on the Supreme Court. It's going to be made a decision that should be stayed until all of those decisions are made, number one, and, and we'll see what happens there.Number two, let's remember what this is, Martha. Stormy Daniels is probably one of the oldest legendary, let's get Trump cases that we saw come out. Her attorney, I believe, is in prison or was, probably disbarred. Michael Cohen, yet again, reared his ugly head in that. And here we go, years and years later, they decide, oh, guess what? He's the GOP nominee.Let's bring up this case again. We have Mark Pomerantz, who was in this case involved, wrote a book about how they didn't bring the case against President Trump and it infuriated him and drove him to the point of quitting. This is all about politics. How does the president feel? I think exactly that way. This is political.There's no place for this in America. D.A.s and A.G.s should not be visiting the White House and the administration before bringing complaints against the leading front-running candidate for the Republican Party because Joe Biden can't walk and can't spell Bob backwards. That's not our problem, that's their problem.But it's very clear what the motivation is. And I think the president is frustrated for the nation and ready to get back to work in November.MACCALLUM: So, you know, everybody watched the real estate evaluation case and the enormous settlement that they are asking for in that case. Any update on when that money is supposed to be paid? What's the latest, Alina?HABBA: Yes, the latest is the same. Obviously, it wasn't a settlement. It was a judgment. President Trump has no business or wouldn't settle for something he didn't do. So, this was a judgment by a judge that was clearly had Ms. James had in his pocket. You know, the judgment was absurd. The American people see that. The number is ridiculous. It's never been seen before. We truly stand on the same position that the appellate division needs to step in and decide what's right and parse out basically all the injustice that has happened to President Trump. So, we're waiting on the appellate division. We'll see what happens.MACCALLUM: So, I know they announced a bond in the Carroll case around $90 million in the Carroll case this week. Any closer to getting a bond in the real estate case? And you're right, it's a judgment, not a settlement -- no agreement made in that case.HABBA: Yes, no, I unfortunately I can't speak to that. That's privileged. And I am the attorney, one of the attorneys on that case. But like I said, the judgment's absurd. And the fact that we're even talking about this, Martha, is absurd. And I hope that the, the appellate division will do the right thing here, as we've seen them do a few times before.MACCALLUM: OK, we will see. Always good to speak with you, Alina Habba. Thank you for joining us today and get caught up on the latest on all of that. Thank you.So, coming up, we're going to dig into this TikTok issue, which is really an extraordinary story with very far-reaching tentacles into American society these days. They're fighting for their survival. They have been lobbying up a storm on Capitol Hill to stay available to Americans, but now the House has voted, and they want to see this either banned or disbanded from its Chinese ownership. Republican Senator Marsha Blackburn, who has long been working to defend children online and their social media interactions, she's here next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE GALLAGHER (R-WI): These users were then compelled to call their members of Congress and we had millions of kids calling Congress, in some cases threatening suicide, in another case impersonating a congressman's son. This was a preview of what could happen if the CCP wanted to use the app to prevent Congress from acting.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So, just now the White House saying that it is glad that a bill banning TikTok in the United States is moving forward after House lawmakers overwhelmingly passed this legislation earlier today. The app is used by a hundred and seventy million Americans and it is owned by Chinese company ByteDance, raising red flags about our national security and data. TikTok encouraging users to fight back. GOP Congressman Mike Gallagher says that the effort by TikTok and ByteDance to push back on members of Congress on the Hill on all this had some shocking results. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: Without some more transparency around that, you can never mitigate against the threat of propaganda on the platform. And for those who think that threat simply doesn't exist, I would point to what happened last week when TikTok forced a pop up on all of its users asking for their zip code information and then calling members of Congress. We had kids calling members of Congress threatening to commit suicide --HARRIS FAULKNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Oh, Congressman.GALLAGHER: -- if we took action on the bill.(END VIDEO CLIP) MACCALLUM: Unbelievable, right? So, if this passes the Senate, President Biden says that he will sign the ban, despite the fact that the White House has also been under pressure to keep TikTok going. And boy, the TikTok folks must have been happy when they saw this on Super Bowl Sunday from the president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Chiefs or Niners?JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Two great quarterbacks, hard to decide, but if I didn't say I was for the Eagles, then I'd be sleeping alone with my wife's a Philly girl.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Game or commercials?BIDEN: Game.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Game or halftime show?BIDEN: Game.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Jason Kelce or Travis Kelce?BIDEN: Mama Kelce, and I say she makes great chocolate chip cookies.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Yes, well, we didn't get an interview that day, but we did get a TikTok. Let's bring in Republican Senator from Tennessee, Marsha Blackburn, who is leading the Kids Online Safety Act. She has worked on this for years in the Senate. What is your reaction to today, Senator? And what do you think will happen in the Senate and when?SEN. MARSHA BLACKBURN (R-TN): Yes, Martha, I am so pleased that the House moved their legislation forward. 352 aye votes, that is a very good sign. And I think it shows that TikTok has overstepped people realize, you know, with all of these people calling offices last week saying, don't do this, I'll do something to myself. People saw firsthand how the Chinese Communist Party can use TikTok and weaponize it. So, it helped prove the point. It has pushed it across the finish line.Now it will come to the Senate, and whether it's the House bill or a companion Senate bill, the good thing is this. People realize this is spyware. It is soft propaganda. It is coming from TikTok and ByteDance, which is owned in part by the Chinese Communist Party. China has a national security law. We saw this with Hong Kong. We know it with TikTok. And I have the access to every bit of data that a TikTok user generates. So, the Chinese Communist Party wants to own the virtual you of 170 million American users.MACCALLUM: Yes.BLACKBURN: People are waking up to that threat.MACCALLUM: But Senator, here is the political problem. s170 million Americans use this and here is the former president, Donald Trump, talking about this, and he said he would sign a ban on TikTok back in 2020.But here is what he says now.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There are a lot of people on TikTok that love it. There are a lot of young kids on TikTok, who will go crazy without it. There is, you know, a lot of good, and there is a lot of bad with TikTok. But the thing I don't like is that without TikTok, you can make Facebook bigger, and I consider Facebook to be an enemy of the people, along with a lot of the media.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: What do you say to that different opinion from the foreign president these days?BLACKBURN: And, of course, we need to deal with Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, all of the others. Yes, but right now, this is our opening to stand up to the Chinese Communist Party and say, you are not going to be able to control what our young people see and say, and think. We are not going to give you the ability to build a virtual you of them, and to track everywhere they go. What's they are in your phone.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: But, let me -- let me ask you. I'm sorry to interrupt.Let me ask you about the free speech argument on this. We heard Thomas Massie stand up and say this, RFK Jr. Just came out and said it. But there is an irony here it would appear. Because, you know, you don't have a lot of freedom of speech when all your data is getting downloaded by the Chinese government. So, what do you make of that argument?And secondly, is there -- can this be spun off and be an American company that people can feel confident in, and then they can keep it?BLACKBURN: And that is right, because if TikTok say -- and the ball is in TikTok's court, if they want to be a part of the American marketplace, separate themselves from ByteDance, go through the divestiture. And then, algorithmically, reform themselves so that they are not collecting that data and sending it to Beijing, China, to the Chinese Communist Party.MACCALLUM: Yes. Well, I think everybody would have to get new phones and get a new app in order to make that kind of transition. It is stunning. And also, just -- I like to point this out that in China, children are not allowed to be on TikTok.BLACKBURN: That's right.MACCALLUM: And then the very limited version that they have, which mostly pumps out, Chinese history and educational content. They can't use it -- children, from 10:00 p.m. at night until 6:00 a.m. in the morning. I think that tells you a lot right there.BLACKBURN: It does, indeed.MACCALLUM: Senator Blackburn, thank you very much.BLACKBURN: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Always good to see you. Thank you, Senator.BLACKBURN: You too.MACCALLUM: So, that is a huge story. We'll see where that goes in the Senate.And this, the U.S. deploying a Marine anti-terrorism unit to Haiti as the country's chaos and violence risks, mass maritime migration, more of it into the United States from Haiti this time.Jack Keane -- General Jack Keane joins me next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Chaos and violence and anarchy sweeping Haiti. Armed gangs attacked the largest prison, they released an estimated 3,500 prisoners into the streets. Now, today, an elite U.S. Marine unit is on the ground there to protect the United States Embassy in Port-au-Prince as officials prepare for the possibility of a flood of Haitian migrants now, who would likely look to America.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REBECCA ZIMMERMAN, ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: We are doing a number of things to ensure that we're keeping track of the situation and we're prepared. At the moment, we have not yet seen large numbers what we would characterize as a -- as a maritime mass migration. But we are alert to that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You anticipated mass migration, though.ZIMMERMAN: We are -- we are alert to that possibility. I think you're right that the driving conditions in Haiti could very well press more people.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, in moments, retired four star general, Jack Keane joins us. But first, to senior correspondent Steve Harrigan. Steve, welcome.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Martha, we're getting some very different responses from both sides of the aisle today when it comes to the growing chaos and violence in Haiti.Just a short time ago, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis said he was deploying the National Guard in preparation for a potential mass influx of Haitians towards Florida.And just moments ago, Secretary of State Blinken said the U.S. goal for Haiti is free and fair democratic elections.Here is Secretary Blinken.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANTONY BLINKEN, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: We need to see a transition to elections, to a clear return to a democratic path. We need assistance -- humanitarian assistance development assistance of the economy can get built up.HARRIGAN (voice over): On the streets of Port-au-Prince in Haiti, though, they are a long way from elections. 80 percent of the city is now controlled by violent criminal gangs. The acting prime minister couldn't gave it -- couldn't even get back inside the country. That's because those gangs attack the airport.They also attack prisons, releasing several thousand prisoners. Cory Mills, a congressman from Florida, led his own mission to Haiti. A helicopter mission to rescue 10 U.S. missionaries who were stranded there. He said the Biden administration has not been helpful.REP. CORY MILLS (R-FL): This is sending a direct message that the federal government only cares about government, not about the American people. This is the wrong thing to say. And I can tell you, I don't subscribe to that.(END VIDEO CLIP)HARRIGAN (on camera): The U.S. plans to spend $300 million on a Kenyan peacekeeping force to try and bring order into Haiti. The big catch though, the Kenyans won't go until they know that there is an actual government in place in Haiti. And for now, the U.S. embassy remains open on a limited basis and it's just been reinforced with more U.S. Marines.Martha, back to you.MACCALLUM: -- got a million children on the streets in Haiti. According to some estimates, they are not in school, they're likely to be snapped up by some of these gangs and enlisted into their violent actions.Steve is watching it all for us. Thank you very much, Steve Harrigan.And with that, we bring in retired four-star General Jack Keane, chairman of the Institute for the Study of War and a Fox News senior strategic analyst.General, I want to get your thoughts on what is happening and unfolding in Haiti, which now, the United States Marines are going to be on the ground, protecting our embassy, at least to that extent.But I also want to ask you before you dig into that, sir, if you could respond to this editorial board piece from the Wall Street Journal, "Biden shrinks the U.S. military: Mr. Biden thinks this is an acceptable moment to put American defenses on a diet, and the administration says it's merely complying with budget caps negotiated last year with Congress. Yet few priorities escaped the axe."Your thoughts as we face yet another in protection effort, at least, in Haiti at this hour?GEN. JACK KEANE (RET.), FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: Yes, I mean, the intel community just a couple of days ago, all who worked for President Biden's administration, actually said that the challenges we're facing in terms of global security challenges worldwide, dealing with Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea, and the return of transnational extremism again, and the rise of a threat in Afghanistan, this is the most significant challenges we have faced in decades to include the fact that we have people crossing our border unimpeded.And yet, no mention of this at the State of the Union. And here we have for the fourth time, in the Biden administration, a reduction in the defense budget, because there is a one percent increase. But obviously, inflation is greater than that.This is reckless, in my judgement, and also irresponsible. We have major threats that we're facing on a scale we haven't seen since World War II. And the willingness of our adversaries, Russia, China, and Iran, and North Korea to work together is obvious to anybody that looks at this.And it means the possibility that we could have conflict, not just in one region, but in two regions, because they are working together.Our adversaries see this when they look at us, Martha. They believe the United States is weak in its leadership. They think there's political dysfunctionality here. And you certainly can make a case for it. Lack of social cohesion. And a military that is not as good as it used to be and has never truly recovered from the 9/11 wars, which we need resources to get our way out of it.MACCALLUM: Yes.KEANE: It is a serious situation, and the administration is not talking about it.MACCALLUM: One quick last specific point on Haiti. This is representative Cory Mills, who ran his own rescue mission. Is an admirable effort on his part, he got a lot of people out of Haiti. Here is what he said about it. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MILLS: This is unfortunately, a pattern of abandonment by the Biden administration that has existed since 2021, whenever he left Americans behind in Afghanistan. You know, I always look at the fact that if the government is not going to be willing to do its job, then America has to step up and do certain things that are required.If Americans are abroad, and they're in trouble, I'm going to come to their aid and if Biden's not willing to do his job, I'll do it for him.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Your reaction to all that, sir?KEANE: Well, first of all, we should be getting our people out of there who want to -- who want to get out of there, and made that kind of contact with the embassy.But you look at Haiti, this is a failed state. There is no government, there is no police enforcement, gangs and anarchy are ruling the day. And we have learned the lesson here. And we learned that in Iraq and Afghanistan. Security becomes the necessary condition. If you want to make progress with governance, the political system, and also economically, security has to return.And I'm not suggesting that this is something the United States should do quite the contrary. I believe this is a problem for the Caribbeans, the Latin American countries, and we should contribute our thought leadership on doing this. And (INAUDIBLE) makes certain our embassies protected and we're doing just that.MACCALLUM: Yes. And our missionaries, who have been on the ground there, running orphanages and taking care of children in the midst of all of this chaos.They require our support as well. General, thank you very much. General Jack Keane, joining us this afternoon.KEANE: Great talking to you, Martha.MACCALLUM: To you as well, sir. Thank you very much.So, Russia's Vladimir Putin dangles the threat of nuclear war once again.State Department correspondent Benjamin Hall joins us live in New York, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Russia's Vladimir Putin ramping up nuclear threats against the West again today, telling CTV that he is ready to launch a strike if his country's independence is threatened. And President Biden says understands those dangers. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translation): Are we really ready for a nuclear war?VLADIMIR PUTIN, RUSSIAN PRESIDENT (through translation): From a military technical point of view, we are prepared of course. I said that Biden is a representative of the traditional political school, and this is proved. But besides Biden, there are plenty of other specialists in the field of Russian American relations and in the field of strategic deterrence. Therefore, I don't think that everything is rushing so head on here, but we are ready for this.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Correspondent Benjamin Hall reported on Putin's war in Ukraine from the front lines. While he was reporting there, he was gravely wounded by a Russian attack two years ago tomorrow. And that attack took the lives of Fox cameraman Pierre Zakrzewski, and young Ukrainian producer Sasha Kuvshynova, and we remember them two years later.Ben, bravely tells his story in his book "Saved: A War Reporter's Mission to Make it Home," and the tremendous documentary "Sacrifice and Survival" streaming now on Fox Nation, which really takes you back to just what this battle is about and what your battle was about as well, Ben.When you listen to Vladimir Putin two years into all of this for you, personally, and for the world, what are your thoughts today?BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, first of all, we've heard Vladimir Putin flexing his muscles before. He's talked about the threat of using nuclear weapons. I don't think that should be discarded. But at the moment, Putin and Russia are doing very well on the battlefield. They're pushing the Ukrainians back. And so at this point, there's no need for them to use that. It is more of a threat that if the US and the West gets more involved, they might.But on the ground, people I speak to are really concerned. They don't have the weapons, they don't have the shells to fight back. Russia firing sometimes up to 20,000 shells a day. Ukrainians cannot keep up with it. So, Putin talking very strongly today because he feels very strong, he feels it's going in his favor.MACCALLUM: Yes. He said also the other day, well, why should we negotiate just because they're low on ammunition? You know, if anything, this is a moment for them to strengthen and move in. And we heard from President Biden the other night, in the State of the Union, he said, we will not back down, I will not bow down. But has he put those words -- action behind those words, Ben?HALL: You know, President Biden has been trying to get more weapons and more money to Ukraine. And obviously, that's held up at the moment in Congress. Recently, yesterday $300 million of weapons were being sent over but it is not enough.And I think one of the problems is not explaining what's happening in Ukraine and why Russia is invading, but why that impacts the US and the West in the longer term implications of not responding. And that's a message that I don't think the President is conveying enough. There is a reason to stop Russia, there's a message that has to be sent to other autocrats, other dictators, a clear message that if you carry out something like this, we will respond.And I think that at the moment, a lot of autocrats, perhaps China looking at Taiwan are thinking, I'm not seeing a huge response from America, maybe this is my chance to do it.MACCALLUM: With regard to the progress, there's been talk of a spring offensive, there have been some battleground gains for Russia in the past few weeks. Here's a map of the -- of Ukrainian control in the gold color here and the red is Russian control and, you know, areas that are being fought over right now. Russia maintains that they have 18% to 20% of Ukrainian territory, that's just slightly more than they have had over the course of this. What's your assessment of how they're doing?HALL: Well, you look at that map and I think one thing most experts would agree on is that Russia is not losing any of that territory. The danger is that they take more territory. Everything that Ukraine has at the moment is not going to take any of its territory back. And so that's what they're pushing for.Look 18 months ago, Vladimir Putin was willing to do a tour. He was willing to have peace talks because they were on the defensive, that has turned. And I think Russia at the moment thinks it won't get any peace talks till it has more territory, till it's in a better position. So we're going to continue to see the offensives from Vladimir Putin.And Vladimir Putin and the Russians have also adapted their own electronic warfare as well. The drones that Ukrainians once used and not being so effective, over half of them being shot out of the sky. They've adapted their aerial bombardment from further back replacing wings on the bomb. So a lot of military techniques the Russians are doing which are finally coming good again, and Russia seems in a pretty powerful position.MACCALLUM: And they have endless personnel?HALL: I mean, if Vladimir Putin wants more people, he can go to Siberia, he can go to the east of Russia, and you can take whoever you want from up there. There is a limit to that. But Ukraine will run out of soldiers before Russia runs out of soldiers. You look at the size and population of two countries, so that's not going to be a concern for Russia.MACCALLUM: And big battle on Capitol Hill, but as you said, $300 million that has been converted from some unused army funds now going to Ukraine, and that's the news this week. Ben Hall, always good to see you. Thank you so much for being here.So coming up, we will speak with Oli London who underwent more than 30 surgeries in his quest to become a woman, a Korean woman, in fact, as part of all of these surgeries. The author of "Gender Madness" on the big step just taken in his own country to protect children from the harmful effects of puberty blockers, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right. We are watching all the movements of the candidates now that we have two candidates really, the Democrat Joe Biden, the current president of the United States, is on the road and he is hitting as many of these swing states as he can. We are told over the course of the month of March today brings him to Wisconsin, obviously a very volatile, close battleground state. And he is there today as he tries to move his campaign forward.As of last night, Joe Biden is the Democrat nominee based on the number of delegates that he accrued, and the former President Donald Trump is the Republican GOP nominee as expected based on reaching 1215 in the delegates. So we'll keep on top of that story for you.And in the meantime, former UK Prime Minister Liz Truss today praising England's National Health Service for declaring a ban on puberty blockers for children under the age of 18, and urging her government to go a step further.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LIZ TRUSS, FORMER UK PRIME MINISTER: I'm delighted that the Health Service is now saying that no under 18s can be prescribed these drugs. But what I want to see is it stopped altogether, because we know that people are getting them by mail order. We know that they could get them privately.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: And take a look at this, nearly 8% of American adults now say they identify as LGBTQ+, more than double the number who said the same thing in 2012, or nearly doubled. Let's bring in Oli London who de- transitioned in 2022 after over undergoing more than 30 surgeries over the course of 10 years while identifying as a trans-woman. He's also the author of the book "Gender Madness: One Man's Devastating Struggle With Woke Ideology and His Battle to Protect Children." Oli, welcome. Thank you very much for being here today.OLI LONDON, "GENDER MADNESS" AUTHOR: Pleasure to be here. Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: So, give us a little bit of your perspective on this as someone who has been through this for such a large part of your life, and it has been difficult, as you outlined in your book. What do you think as you look at what the United Kingdom has now decided?LONDON: Look, I know from experience that there is a real struggle if you go through gender dysphoria, or if you question your identity, and we are seeing really staggering increases in the number of young Generation Z, people identifying as transgender. And look, you know, adults can make decisions, however, children cannot. And what's happening in the UK, so former Prime Minister Liz Truss has welcomed this new ban on puberty blockers, but she's also introducing a bill to Parliament to try and also define sex as biological, which would mean that, you know, any child under 18, if they're a boy, they should not be called a girl, and also mentioned have access to women's spaces.And look, it can be very hard for trans people, it can be hard for LGBT people, but we have to have some common sense here. We have to realize that pushing our hormones and puberty blockers and, you know, encouraging children to change who they are, that is not right. That is not fair for children. Children need to grow up and learn to see who they are themselves without having this gender ideology being pushed on them.MACCALLUM: Yes. This is a quick soundbite from Joe Rogan, who was talking about this with Riley Gaines, the swimmer who has been an activist against trans-women competing against biological women in sports. Here's Joe Rogan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE ROGAN, PODCAST HOST: They use these very sneaky terms like life saving, gender affirming care, in regards to castrating children and putting them on hormone blockers, and removing their breasts. They use this crazy term that seems like well, it's got to be good. It's life saving, gender affirming.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: How did this get so, you know, out of control? And we look at the numbers of people who are seeking this kind of surgery, especially young women. We see this a lot in the United States who are influenced, I think, by what they see on social media and by their friends.LONDON: Yes. This really is a phenomenon that's occurred within the last few years. You know, we've seen the numbers of people identifying as trans in the US go up to almost double. One in eight LGBT people now identify as transgender. And this isn't just a naturally occurring phenomenon. This is something that is being pushed on society.So now across the US, you have various school districts, pushing transgender ideology in the classroom. You have, of course, apps like TikTok in the hour and pushing transgenderism to a young audience. And, you know, kids just want to fit in kids just want to get that validation. So if they see someone like Dylan Mulvaney getting traction, getting love for being transgender. Kids want to do that, too. They all want to be loved, so.I think this is a harmful trend, especially when we have states like California, which can basically class a parent as a child abuser if they do not affirm a child's gender identity, and a 15-year-old can have a double mastectomy. So variety of things pushing this from social media to schools, but at the end of the day we should all be coming together to speak up for kids.MACCALLUM: Absolutely. Children need to be surrounded with support and love, and understanding. There's a reason why we don't let them drive cars and drink, and smoke, and do things until they're a little bit older and they have a little bit more judgment. And life changing surgery is can be a very difficult thing to deal with as people get older. I really appreciate you speaking out and I thank you so much for being with us today, all the best to you.LONDON: Thank you. God bless you.MACCALLUM: Thank you. God bless you as well.So coming up, President Biden readies 300 million in weapons to Ukraine while backing off his executive action on the border. That debate next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: One month after our national security package crumbled on Capitol Hill over a fight that involves border security. President Biden has found a way to send $300 million in military aid to Ukraine without the help of Congress, finding money from cost savings on previously approved Pentagon contracts. Tomi Lahren and Richard Fowler are here, but first to White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich. Hi, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha. We've gotten conflicting signals from the President over the last several weeks ago. First, he said he's done all that he can on the border with the stroke of a pen. And then in the lead up to the State of the Union, he was considering taking action under 212(f) to restrict entries at the border, even telling him group of governors last month that he was talking to his lawyers about what exactly might hold up in the courts. And earlier this week, Biden indicated that he was no longer pursuing executive action only for the White House yesterday to say it's still on the table.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: You're asking me if there's an executive actions that we can take. And what we're saying is there are no executive actions that would have done the work or would have actually been able to deal with the issue that's happening at the border, and starting to really fix the immigration system.HEINRICH: So executive actions aren't off the table?JEAN-PIERRE: We always table we always say that --HEINRICH: I understand what you were saying (inaudible), I do. Yes or no?JEAN-PIERRE: But you're not -- what I'm saying to you is that we always look at all our options. That's what I'm saying to you. But we are seeing also is the only way to move forward to actually deal with this issue.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEINRICH: She said that it prefers Congress legislate a lasting solution to this issue, but the bill that the President is backing has no path in either chamber. It didn't clear the Senate and he's got no path in the house. There is one bill in the House in the works that has a border provision, but the President has not yet taken a position on that. Martha?MACCALLUM: OK. Jacqui, thank you very much. With that we bring in Tomi Lahren, host of "Tomi Lahren is Fearless" on OutKick and Richard Fowler, hosts of the "Fowler Show," both are Fox News contributors. Tomi and Richard, welcome. Thank you very much for being here.RICHARD FOWLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Good to see you, Martha.MACCALLUM: Good to see you as well. So just let me play this soundbite quickly from Wladimir Klitschko, talking about aid from the United States. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)WLADIMIR KLITSCHKO, FORMER UKRAINIAN PROFESSIONAL BOXER: We are struggling with a lack of ammunition, we're struggling with lack of support, even though we're getting some but how much is enough? We just got yesterday a bill of 300 million support, which sounds good, but it's a band aid on a deeper wound. We need to fix this deeper wound.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, Tomi, I think everyone is aware of the situation in Ukraine and what they want in order to aid their fight against Vladimir Putin. But there's also a lot of concern about the threat that is pouring across the southern border that we heard so much about from our intel chiefs yesterday, and the day before. Your thoughts.TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Right now, the discussion over how long and how much we should support Ukraine, whether it's in perpetuity or if there's a cut off to that is a separate discussion. To me, this is a giant slap in the face to the American people because the entire crux of President Joe Biden's argument about his failure to secure the border is that Congress must act. He's waiting for Congress to do something for a lasting solution.But then just yesterday, he's gloating about circumventing Congress and getting Ukraine some of the money it needs, though he wants more. So if the entire basis of your argument for not securing our own country is that you don't have the authority or that Congress needs to act, but then you can fund the protection of another nation's border. I mean, that goes beyond hypocritical. That, again, is a slap in the face to the American people.And when you can't secure and you can't defend your own country, it's really unrealistic to ask the American taxpayers to fund another country in perpetuity. To me this is disgraceful, and it just goes to show he's lying about what he can actually do to fix problems.MACCALLUM: So, Richard, let's go to the simple question. Why doesn't President Biden, when he sees his poll numbers on this issue, why doesn't he do what he can to stop the flow at the border of people?FOWLER: Thanks for having me, Martha, number one. Number two, Tomi is right. It is a separate issue. One, it's about our foreign policy when it comes to dealing with you to Ukraine, and curtailing Russia and something I think Congress should act on to deal with immediately, to make sure that we curtail the Russians and curtail their miserable and horrible actions in Ukraine. And number two, let's sort of put the border in focus.Yes, the President can sign an executive order today to tell those who are crossing the border to remain in Mexico. But let's rewind the clock and remember what happened in 2020 when Donald Trump signed that same executive action, about a day later, somebody sued the president. And when they sued former President Trump, a federal judge in California enjoined the President, stopped that executive action from happening.So whether the White House chooses to pass an executive action or not, what's going to happen is somebody's wanting to sue the president --MACCALLUM: Yes. But you know what, why not just, you know, I want to go back to my original question, which is, why doesn't he do what he can do? We spoke to border officials. They said --FOWLER: Bu why is the Congress do what they can do, Martha?MACCALLUM: Hold on. Hold on. No, but you're doing what if. What if but why not. But I'm saying he's the president of the -- he's most powerful individual in the world. He's the leader of the free world. He has a massive security problem that is coming across the southern border, and he does have things he can do. So what if they turn around and sue him the next day? At least you can say, I'm the President, I'm not going to allow this anymore and I'm going to do what I can do.Why doesn't he, Richard? That's my question. Why doesn't he?FOWLER: Listen, I do not deny the fact that something has to be done in our southern border but I think --MACCALLUM: But why doesn't he? Tell me your opinion.FOWLER: I also know that we're not a dictatorship and we are a democracy. We are three branches of government --MACCALLUM: You're not answering. You're not going to answer my question, are you?FOWLER: No, I am answering that question.MACCALLUM: What is your opinion on why he won't do what you can do?FOWLER: I believe that the President should act, and I think the thing the President should do is send a bill to the United States Congress and the United States Congress should update our immigration law.MACCALLUM: You're not going to answer. I don't know why but you're not answering.FOWLER: You just asked.MACCALLUM: I'm so curious. I'd love to know what you actually think I guess you're not going to tell me.FOWLER: I am. That is what I do think. I think the President should act and send a bill to Congress.MACCALLUM: No, you're not answering my question. Why won't he? Tomi, why don't you take 30 seconds and answer the question from your opinion?LAHREN: Well, I think our President quite frankly, doesn't care about our national security or the Democrats see more of a long term plan to give illegal aliens the right to vote, mass amnesty, whatever you want to call it --FOWLER: The law to apply is a bill in the United States Congress.MACCALLUM: Go ahead, Tomi. Finish your thought.LAHREN: This President right now could reinstate Remain in Mexico, he could finish the border wall, he could end catch and release --FOWLER: (Inaudible) border wall?LAHREN: All very simple things he won't do it.MACCALLUM: Yes. It's bizarre, really hard to wrap your head around. Richard and Tomi, thank you very much.FOWLER: Good to see you, Martha. Take care.MACCALLUM: That is "The Story" for today. Thank you both for being here today. We will see you back here tomorrow at 3:00. Stay with us. Your World starts right now.