JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes, yes, yes. Now, and you been trying that now, Harold?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: -- relatives inside and try a rubber ball.HAROLD FORD J.R., FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, my kids are not on rubber ball.GUTFELD: They should bring them out to the lake.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: All right. Al right. Well, Shannon, we loved having you on.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Thanks for having me. I'll see one Sunday.GUTFELD: Stick for yourself.PIRRO: Thank you. And we'll see you on Sunday.BREAM: See you on Sunday.PIRRO: And that's it for us. Have a great night. Have a great weekend.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Hey, Judge.PIRRO: Yes.BAIER: Is Jesse's book called, "Get It Together", and it comes out next month?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. Indeed.PIRRO: Oh, God. You --BAIER: OK.PIRRO: I'll tell you. You are so smart. Bret.WATTERS: Thank you.BAIER: I just says what I heard.PIRRO: Thank you.BAIER: That's what I heard on the street. Thank you.PIRRO: Yes, bye.BAIER: All right. Good evening. I'm Bret Baier."BREAKING TONIGHT" we're covering two major stories. The U.S. is hitting Russia with more than 500 new sanctions on the eve of the second anniversary of the Ukraine invasion.The penalties are also in retaliation for the death of Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny.But we begin with the border crisis in this country. There has been -- there have been new mass street release -- releases of migrants today into the streets in the San Diego Sector. This comes, as we learn, new information about the number of foreign nationals apprehended at the border and how few were actually deported.This is all new information. Correspondent Bill Melugin is in San Diego right now, with all of this as it's breaking. Good evening, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Greg, good evening to you.Illegal crossings have really been surging here at the California border in recent weeks.And just yesterday, a taxpayer funded migrant shelter right here in San Diego County officially ran out of money and had to close its doors. The combination of those two things led to a wave of mass street releases today.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (voice over): Today, the border crisis was dumped on Southern California's doorstep. At the hands of the federal government.Border Patrol mass released hundreds of illegal immigrants to San Diego streets as bus after bus arrived at a local transit station, releasing masses of men and women from around the globe, who had crossed the California border illegally.And they plan to travel the blue cities across America.MELUGIN (text): Where are you going in the United States?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: New York.MELUGIN: New York. Going to New York.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Atlanta.MELUGIN: Atlanta.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: New Jersey.MELUGIN: New Jersey.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Chicago.MELUGIN: Chicago.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Heading in New York.MELUGIN: New York.MELUGIN (voice over): After release, nonprofit volunteers help direct the migrants to private buses that took them to the airport and other transit stations. Some decided not to wait and crammed into taxis.Most told us they are here to work. But one man from the West African country of Mauritania, and other reasons.MELUGIN: Why did you come?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because I don't -- I'm not free in there, and I'm, like, homosexual, and there, they are -- they are -- they are Muslims, and they don't accept that in there.MELUGIN: So, you're going to claim asylum?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Exactly.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN: And Bret, Fox News did reach out to California Governor Gavin Newsom's office to get his reaction to these releases in San Diego today. They gave us a statement, which blamed Republicans for the chaos at the border. And they added a part of their statement which says, in part, "California is a model of partnership for a safe and humane border. We'll send it back to you.BAIER: Hey, Bill, you have new information as well on deportations or lack of them?MELUGIN: Yes, it's pretty remarkable stuff. So, there are a handful of countries around the world that are very uncooperative in terms of taking their own citizens back when the U.S. wants to deport them. They're what are known as recalcitrant countries and they are a big problem. We'll show you how serious it is.Take a look at this first graphic right here. We'll talk about Chinese nationals. China's one of those countries. Last year, fiscal year 2023, just over 24,000 Chinese nationals were apprehended by border patrol. Only 288 of those Chinese nationals were actually deported from the United States though.The Venezuelan numbers are even more staggering. Take a look at this second graphic here. Venezuela, another uncooperative country. Nearly 335,000 Venezuelans were encountered by CBP in fiscal year 2023. Only 834 of them were actually deported from the United States.Bret, these numbers are miniscule. They are less than a drop in the bucket.We'll send it back to you.BAIER: Bill Melugin, live in San Diego. Bill, thank you.Also "BREAKING TONIGHT", President Biden meeting with some of the nation's governors this morning. Many of those executives dealing firsthand with the border crisis. The president is said to be considering a major departure in his immigration policy.This comes as his administration makes good on its promise for new economic penalties on Russia.White House correspondent Peter Doocy has details.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm announcing more than 500 new sanctions.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT (voice over): That, for two years of war on Ukraine. This is for the death of opposition leader Alexei Navalny.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: The department of state is designating three Russian individuals who were connected to Navalny's imprisonment.DOOCY (voice over): President Biden is balancing foreign policy with fundraising for the campaign. Relying heavily, even in private on note cards.Axios now reports, "The staged Q&A sessions have left some donors wondering whether Biden can withstand the rigors of a presidential campaign, let alone potential debates with former President Trump, 77.That also meant no free-flowing discussion with three dozen governors who met with the president today.GOV. GREG GIANFORTE (R-MT): We were allowed two pre-arrange questions, one from the Democrats, one from the Republicans. And the president's -- you know, responded to. And I think we were disappointed.DOOCY (voice over): The president is considering going it alone at the border.He did say that he has been working with his attorneys, trying to understand what executive action would be upheld in the courts.DOOCY (voice over): Whatever he does to limit immigration will represent a big shift from his last campaign.DOOCY: As a candidate, President Biden was telling people to come to the border.BIDEN: We're a nation says if you want to flee, and you're fleeing oppression, you should come.DOOCY: So, what has changed since then?JEAN-PIERRE: I don't have the context of this quote that you are giving me, but what I will say is this. The president took this issue very seriously of what is happening at the border, and what in the immigration system as a whole.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): And we got confirmation from the White House today. Our ears did not deceive us. One, President Biden yesterday was recounting his meeting with Alexei Navalny's widow, Yulia, and it sounded like he called her, Yolanda. Turns out he did.The official White House transcript was published today with a strike through the name. Yolanda. Bret.BAIER: Peter Doocy live on the North Lawn. Peter, thanks.A former FBI informant accused of lying about President Biden and his son Hunter, accepting millions in bribes from a Ukrainian energy company will be transferred to California where he's expected to face a judge.Alexander Smirnov was re-arrested yesterday after federal prosecutors argued he was a flight risk. He had been released by a Nevada judge earlier this week.Stocks were mixed today after yesterday's big rally. The Dow gained 62. The S&P 500 finished ahead two. Both closed at record highs. NASDAQ lost 45.For the week, the Dow was up 1-1/3 percentage points. The S&P 500 gained 1- 2/3. The NASDAQ finished ahead 1-4/10.The latest figures from Ukrainian National Police indicate more than 30,000 people have been reported missing during two years of the war. Among them, military personnel, civilians, and children.Tonight, senior foreign affairs correspondent Greg Palkot, reports from Kyiv that Russia is keeping up the bombardments. Even as a U.S. congressional delegation looks on.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GREG PALKOT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT (voice over): The war in Ukraine might be hitting a milestone but Russia is taking no pause.In the past 24 hours, it's launched some 33 drones and six missiles. Most knocked down but some gone through, killing four injuring nine leaving damage.For some here, the very fact that Ukraine is still standing after two years of intense war is an achievement.KIRA RUDIK, MEMBER, UKRAINIAN PARLIAMENT: We exist. We are alive and we are here, and we are fighting.PALKOT (voice over): But things are not going well. Vladimir Putin's military is making inroads, and Kyiv's arsenal is running low, especially, with some $60 billion of military aid tied up on Capitol Hill.OLEKSIY GONCHARENKO, MEMBER, UKRAINIAN PARLIAMENT: Nobody can fill the gap if United States will step out. And that's why it's so important for us.PALKOT (voice over): Senator Chuck Schumer led a delegation to Ukraine today, trying to assure the locals. Holding Democratic senators here this time no Republicans or members of the House with the spending is blocked.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): We are here to talk directly to Speaker Johnson.We tell Johnson that the weight of history is on his shoulders. And if he turns his back on history, he will regret it in future years.PALKOT (voice over): Life and death concerns for places like Bucha near Kyiv that saw some of the worst of the war early on.Hundreds killed and tortured. Houses destroyed. Tanks everywhere.Now, the streets are cleared, buildings renovated. Those lost memorialized, still a shopper scurry for food where they were shooting. They are still worried about a war seemingly without end.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (through translator): I'm still very anxious.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE (through translator): The real war was here.PALKOT: With the people of Ukraine. The real war remains everywhere.(END VIDEOTAPE)PALKOT (on camera): Two years ago, this night, Russian missiles started to rain down on Kyiv in Ukraine, the war had started. A grim reminder of that just a few hours ago, sirens were heard once again here in the capital. Reports of Russian drones heading towards Kyiv, no confirmed impacts. The war goes on. Bret.BAIER: Greg Palkot in Kyiv. Greg, thanks.Coming up in a few minutes, we'll look at what life is like for everyday Ukrainians under siege as the war enters its third year this weekend."BREAKING TONIGHT" as well, we take you on board a U.S. Navy carrier strike group in the Red Sea trying to keep crucial maritime trade flowing despite attacks from Iran-backed Houthi rebels.Here is senior correspondent Mike Tobin.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT (voice over): An F-18 Super Hornet, launching from the USS Dwight D. Eisenhower in the Red Sea.For the first time in decades, a U.S. carrier strike group operates from the center of the threat. While Houthis fire on cargo ships and U.S. warships.REAR ADM. MARC MIGUEZ, CARRIER STRIKE GROUP 2: We are in constant self- defense out here when it comes to threats that can be shot at us.TOBIN (voice over): Still, fighters go on the offensive. With the goal of degrading the Houthis ability.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: By targeting their ability to see us, their air surveillance radars. And now, we're primarily focused on their military capabilities.TOBIN: Every launch off of this carrier is a launch into combat. What these sailors and pilots cannot do is get comfortable because the Houthis, despite U.S. contact have gotten more poles and there is no room for error.TOBIN (voice over): The wounded British ship Rubymar shows the Houthis are not discouraged. They are escalating with drones, even ballistic missiles.Always nearby, the USS Philippine Sea is the sentinel for the strike group, with layers of sailors on watch who detect and respond in seconds to the deadly threats.CAPT. STEVEN LIBERTY, USS PHILIPPINE SEA: We're just depends on what the threat is and what's coming at us that we have to react in self-defense for.TOBIN: What are you ready for?LIBERTY: Anything that they can throw our way?(END VIDEOTAPE)TOBIN: Thursday, the strike group shot for drones and two anti-ship missiles preparing to launch. Today, they shot three drones out of the sky. All of it with a goal as old as the Navy itself: Securing safe passage for maritime trade. Bret?BAIER: Mike Tobin, thanks.Also, "BREAKING TONIGHT", a suspect is now in custody in connection with the killing of a nursing student whose body was discovered on the University of Georgia campus.Officials say 22-year-old Laken Hope Riley was found near running trails, Thursday, after she did not return from Iran.Police are not releasing the name of that suspect. They say there is no further threat to the university community.Up next, I talk with Ukrainian citizens about living with two years of the Russian invasion taken to the streets of Kyiv.And later, the perils of covering the war. We visit with Fox correspondents Benjamin Hall and Trey Yingst.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Well, tomorrow as we've been talking about is the grim two year anniversary of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.This evening we bring you some of my conversations with ordinary Ukrainians. What is it like on the ground, dealing with the unending strain of deadly conflict?(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BAIER (voice over): Despite a biting cold wind, downtown Kyiv is bustling. Stores are open, restaurants are serving, people are going about their business. However, it's anything but normal.TANYA (ph): I'm alive, it's continuous. But it's -- actually, it's hard to live if you're in war because we worry about war.BAIER (voice over): Tanya lives and works in Kyiv. And has since the war began.TANYA: For me, the most hard is that you don't know what wait in future for us. Because we don't know.BAIER: You're worried about missiles or drones. But you try to make it normal, right?TANYA: It's not normal. It's not OK. Because every time you're thinking about war, and you can't neglect it. It's impossible.BAIER: It doesn't leave you?TANYA: Yes. And of course, everyone in Ukraine have some relatives, some friends who died, who fight and now who in Russian's prisons or something like that. And so, of course, it's not OK.BAIER (voice over): President Zelenskyy says the war has taken its toll on Ukrainians.BAIER: How do you think your country is holding up after two years?VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT: It's just the understanded that there is no like us. There is no alternative way. This is our home. And that's it, of course it's difficult. Of course it's been two years, you're right.And people are -- people are tired and closer to the frontline, it's more difficult, more loud. But everybody I think -- I think everybody understand for what we are doing this. That's it. It's our life, our home, homeland.BAIER: Resilient.ZELENSKYY: Resilient.JULIA: I would say that both, resilient and tired at the same time.BAIER (voice over): Julia lives and works in Kyiv, we met her near a memorial at Independence Square, each flag representing a soldier killed during the war.JULIA: I was really scared to come here because of the missiles attacks that are here.However, I feel really proud to be here especially near these flags. And I would say that I feel a little bit ecstatic and I really want to cry.Our people are really strong enough, they are not given up and they try to protect our country. That's why I feel really proud. And I have a lot of acquaintances that were killed during these wars. So, when I look here, like, I feel really -- I would say I'm depressed.BAIER: Life is trying to get back to normal, kids are playing, downtown is bustling. But everybody has to have one of these apps, Error Alert. And when it says get to a shelter.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Attention, air raid alert, proceed to the nearest shelter. Don't be careless. Your overconfidence is your weakness.BAIER: You've got to get to a shelter fast. This apartment building was hit February 7th, nine people died inside.BAIER (voice over): The randomness of some of the targets and the time the strikes happen has everyone on edge here. People wait for the all clear on that app that has a strange hat tip to "Star Wars".UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Attention, the air alert is over. May the force be with you.BAIER (voice over): Day to day activities are happening with an 11:00 p.m. curfew most nights.The overnight train from Poland is how most people get in. The airport has been closed for two years. The airspace is not safe.The memorial downtown draws a crowd most days. Ali (ph) was born in Iran, grew up in Sweden, and is now here.BAIER: When you look at these flags. What do you think?ALI: I think it reminds me about the Finnish people during the Second World War when Soviet Union tried to occupy Finland and they were sacrificing everything they had. And this reminds me about that. And this is what life is, to defend your country at any price. So, I feel very proud.BAIER (voice over): Most of the fighting is happening hours to the east of Kyiv, but updates from the front lines are digested every day. Which brings us back to Tanya.BAIER: So, are you optimistic or pessimistic when you look to the future?TANYA: I tried to be optimistic. I didn't leave Kyiv even when Russian troops draw near Kyiv.BAIER: Even when they're nearby, you stay?TANYA: Yes. So, I always (INAUDIBLE) in Kyiv. If we lose, I can't stay in Ukraine under Russian. I will have to leave. But I don't know. I don't want this. I want to live in Ukraine. I want to be Ukrainian. I want to live in Kyiv. It's my city here.BAIER: It's your home.TANYA: Yes, of course. But it's said that the best people in Ukraine died. It's unfair. It's unfair.BAIER (voice over): Remnants of Russian vehicles destroyed by Ukraine in the early days of the war sit in a square not far from a busy shopping center.Proud but sad, resilient but tired. War is unfair. But two years in, Ukrainians are taking it one day at a time.(END VIDEOTAPE)BAIER: Our thanks to those Ukrainians and the crew.Up next, we talk with former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley about her uphill battle against former President Donald Trump in her home state primary tomorrow.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Nikki Haley is relying on Democrats and liberals. You know, Democrats are financing her campaign.NIKKI HALEY (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: The only candidate who's helping Joe Biden is Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: Joe Biden, because of his gross incompetence, is a threat to democracy.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: For Trump, principles never matter.TRUMP: His second term will make his first term look like paradise.BIDEN: But the only reason the border is not secure is Donald Trump and his MAGA Republican friends.NIKKI HALEY, (R) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We have a choice to make on Saturday. We can either go with more of the same or we can go with something new.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, tomorrow voters in South Carolina will take part in that state's primary election. Former President Donald Trump does hold a wide lead in the polls heading in over former governor of South Carolina, Nikki Haley. She joins us tonight. Governor, thanks for the time.HALEY: Thanks so much. It's another great day in South Carolina.BAIER: You know we have talked along the way. We talked at the town hall in Iowa. And you've said all along that all you want to do is beat expectations. In Iowa, you and your campaign said you did that. In other words, you came in third, but right behind Governor DeSantis. But you were better than you thought you were going in. In New Hampshire, you said you did that, you were within 11 points of the former president, you came in second.Now in South Carolina, if you look at the recent polls, you are down almost 30 points. Now, I know polls are not people going to the polls. They are not actually voting. But every poll matches this. So, how do you beat exceptions in your home state? What are the exceptions for you in your home state?HALEY: Well, I think we will find out tomorrow. The goal I have always said is to get it competitive. Just keep in mind, they said we were 30 points down on the day of the New Hampshire election and we came in at 43 percent. Tomorrow, we want to go and make sure we are competitive there.This is not about who should be the nominee. This is about who should be the nominee that can win a general election, because nothing gets fixed if we lose. And that's what this is all about, is we have got to look at the fact that 60 percent of Americans think that Donald Trump is too old and Joe Biden is too old. And we have a country to save. And in order to save her, we have got to win a general election.BAIER: If somebody is sitting in Michigan, if somebody is sitting in Texas, if somebody is sitting in another state and says OK, I buy that, but if she can't win her home state or even come close in her home state, why should we believe that she could win this nomination?Here is "Politico." "She abandoned us. Haley's South Carolina problem isn't just Trump. Nikki Haley is running into a wall of hard feelings among conservatives in her home state who feel she ditched them for national politics years ago. She is encountering an electorate that is not only enamored with Trump but that she has done little to cultivate." Is that fair?HALEY: No, it's not fair, because I think you can look at my approval rating. Everybody thought I was an amazing governor. They were all very proud of me for the work that I did defending America at the United Nations. Just because one article says that and they talked to a couple of people, that's not what you see on the ground. That's why you see hundreds of people at all of our events.America can do better than this. We need a young generation person that can put in eight years of hard work day and night, to get us back on track with no vendettas, no drama, just results for the American people.BAIER: Why aren't people of South Carolina, why aren't the people of these different states getting it so that you have a victory over the former president? Where can you paint a picture on Super Tuesday where you can get a victory?HALEY: Well, I think, first of all, look at the fact there were 14 candidates in the race. We defeated a dozen of them. They said we wouldn't get to Iowa. We did. We came within one percent of second place. They said we were 30 points down in New Hampshire. We got 43 percent of the vote. None of the dozen fellows can talk about that.Now we are in South Carolina. We are going to see what happens tomorrow. But look, the problem when people say why is she doing this, why is she doing that -- at first, she is doing this because she wants to be vice president. I think we have pretty much settled that. Then they are saying, well, what's her motivation --BAIER: Have we settled it?HALEY: There is no political motivation. If there was political motivation, I would have gotten out of this a long time ago.BAIER: By the way, have we settled it, have we settled the vice president thing?HALEY: Of course we've settled it. I mean there is no way.BAIER: So it's done.HALEY: I said it for months, it's done. But also looking at a political future, I wouldn't be doing this if I was worried about a political future. I would have gotten out already. I'm doing this trying to wake up our country.BAIER: Let me ask you about a political future. Dean Phillips said in a radio interview he is open to be Nikki Haley's running mate on a unity ticket, quote, "Wouldn't all your listeners be more compelled by maybe Nikki Haley and Dean Phillips getting together on a unity ticket and actually doing for the first time, perhaps in our country's history, what most Americans really want, which is cooperation, collaboration, participation, decency, common sense, and leadership." Dean Phillips, who is obviously running in the Democratic primary, not too much success, but saying that he would be your running mate if you so chose that. Would you?HALEY: I'm a Republican. I'm running as a Republican. I'm running trying to wake people up that if they nominate Donald Trump in this primary, we will lose a general election. Mark my words.BAIER: Just to be clear, you've closed the door on vice president if the former president is nominee. But are you closing the door on a unity ticket and you leading that ticket as Dean Phillips suggests?HALEY: I have said all along that I am running as a Republican in the Republican primary. I have said all along I was not running to be anybody's vice president. Everything I have said has been the truth. Everything I have said is out of love of country. Everything I have said is out of the fact that if we don't wake up, we will lose our country. We have got a chance to get this right. But Americans have to see -- hear the wake-up call. They have to understand this is our one chance to try and get that right.BAIER: So, yes. Closing the door on a unity ticket?HALEY: Yes. Yes, yes, and yes.BAIER: OK. Governor, if tomorrow it doesn't work out in your favor, and the polls are right, what then?HALEY: I'm headed to Michigan on Sunday. We're going to head to every Super Tuesday state. When 70 percent of Americans say they don't want Trump or Biden, when those are the two most disliked politicians in America, why would I stop? I'm going to keep going as long as the American people tell me to go.BAIER: Governor Haley, we appreciate your time and we'll be following you tomorrow.HALEY: Thanks so much, Bret. Go to NikkiHaley.com and join us.BAIER: Up next, the dangers and challenges of covering the Russia-Ukraine war. Firsthand accounts from correspondents Benjamin Hall and Trey Yingst.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: So you can see some of the other journalists and soldiers who are with us on the front lines here, and you can hear that explosion there.BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: There just isn't enough room to get the men on. But no one knows where they are going now. They just want to get anywhere. And there are many people who simply will not get out.YINGST: The Ukrainians blew up their pontoon bridge, and you can see the result here, Russia equipment slamming into the river below.HALL: The exodus from Ukraine is well and truly underway. This line snakes back about 20, 30 miles. It has taken some people four days to get this far.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, tonight, we are going to talk with the situation in Ukraine with two of our correspondents who have been on the ground to cover the conflict for a long time. Joining us this evening, Trey Yingst and Benjamin Hall. Two years, hard to believe, gentlemen. Thanks for being here.Trey, first to you. Your thoughts, two years, you know, I just finished this trip to Ukraine and this interview with the president there. It's hard to believe it's been that long. What are your thoughts looking back at your coverage?TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Bret, absolutely, it is hard to believe. And when you look at the situation on the ground, it is shocking what Ukrainian troops are still up against today. You saw it firsthand in the east, in Kupiansk, an area where Russian forces had actually captured territory. That territory was retaken by the Ukrainians, and now it is under threat again and the Russian could take it in a matter of weeks or months.This is the situation along the frontline. And when you look at the needs of Ukrainian soldiers and when you hear from people we are talking to, all along the frontline, they say they are desperate for western support. They understand if they don't get it they will continue to lose territory from the Russians. And you heard earlier in the show from the people who will be most affected, it is the civilian population across Ukraine.BAIER: Ben, you are back in the field for us. You have talked really heroically about the journey you have been on and obviously remembering our colleagues Pierre and Sasha who died in that attack. Journalists and media workers killed, by the way, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists, 17 in the Ukraine war, 88 in the Israel-Gaza war. Your thoughts looking back two years later?BENJAMIN HALL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Well, I think first of all it's important to mention Pierre and Sasha and all the other journalists. I think it's absolutely essential that journalists continue going out there despite the danger. Without journalists, our viewers wouldn't know what is happening on the ground.As I look back for the last two years, I think it's very sad. Just a year ago the Ukrainians felt that they were in a winning position, that they were pushing the Russians back. And how the tides have turned. The last few months we have seen the Russians pushing back in again. The support for the Ukrainians has dried up.And I think what's most important is not -- our viewers understand what is happening on the ground. They believe that. They see what is going on. Many don't understand why it's so important to them. And I think that's what many people aren't understanding, why is it important for the Ukrainians to be supported and for them to get the weapons. And so that's something that you have to explain as well, why the Ukrainians believe they need that.So the thing about covering conflict, you have the people on the ground, then you have the geopolitics on top. And you've got to explain as a journalist each one of those pieces, from the small ones on the ground to the big wider picture. And I think that's what we have to focus on when we're covering conflict.BAIER: Yes, and listen, critics of the administration would say the president really hasn't done a great job of talking about what is important in this and why.Trey, I pressed President Zelenskyy about corruption. I talked about martial law, canceling the presidential election. But there is a headline the Ukrainian censorship concerns. "The Guardian," "Ukraine's reporters adapt amid media restrictions and pressures of war." Open Democracy says" The battle for journalistic freedom in wartime Ukraine." "Intercept," "Ukraine blocks journalists from frontlines with escalating censorship."Did you see that before you left there? And what are your thoughts on that?YINGST: The media access throughout the war changed, and it shifted from the early days. We were there the night the Russians invaded as missiles rained down on Kyiv. And I can tell you there were brave journalists across the country, but especially the Ukrainian press corps working overtime to make sure the world knew what was happening to their country. And many of those journalists have continued that work and still do so today.And so, initially, when this war began, the Ukrainians implemented things like passwords. And I remember when we would leave the hotel, we had to get the password for the day. We would go through a checkpoint, give the word of the day, and we could proceed. Then they were able to credential the journalists who were still operating amid the war. It was the frontline, though, that was always difficult to get to. And there were often not clear pathways on who you could talk to and how you could get there.It is critical that the Ukrainians continue to keep access open to journalists on the front lines so they can continue to tell this story, a critically important story of what is taking place on the ground. Our experience has been different depending on the front. We've reported in the south and the Zaporizhzhia region, also in the east in the Donbas, and of course, in Kharkiv, that city where you were at. And so it's important that journalists continue to do that and have access to those front lines to embed with soldiers and be able to tell that story from a first person point of view.BAIER: You two are critical for us for the first person reporting that you have done. Thank you for all you have done, and we look forward to checking in throughout the time of your coverage. Thanks.HALL: Thanks, Bret.BAIER: Up next, the Friday lightning round, Ukraine two years after the invasion, the border crisis in country, plus Winners and Losers. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Our laws and our resources haven't kept up with our immigration system, and it's broken. And our politics has failed to fix it.Doing nothing is not an option. Compromise is part of the process.GOV. GREG GIANFORTE, (R) MONTANA: We have a border problem. Unfortunately, the administration is saying it's Congress's fault. I for one don't believe that's true.GOV. JARED POLIS, (D) COLORADO: This backlog doesn't solve itself. As far as I know, there is no executive way to do that.RONALD VITIELLO, FORMER U.S. BORDER PATROL CHIEF: I am not hopeful that this administration cares at all about securing the border because they have not done anything.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, President Biden meeting with governors at the White House today. Meantime, the issue of immigration and specifically who is getting in, we have new ICE data about Chinese citizens making their way across the border into the country. This is fiscal year 23 -- 24,000 encountered, only 288 deported.Then you look at a map of migrants from special interest countries crossing into the U.S. This is just the San Diego sector. Uzbekistan, Russia, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan. You see these numbers. This is just fiscal year 24. That's since October.What about this and what's happening? Let's bring in our panel, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, Mollie Hemingway, editor in chief of "The Federalist," and Bill McGurn, columnist for "The Wall Street Journal."Bill, I don't often make predictions, but I bet, I'm pretty sure South Carolina in the exit polls that we're going to see tomorrow in the primary will have immigration just like it did in Iowa and New Hampshire as the top issue that people are concerned about.BILL MCGURN, COLUMNIST, "THE WALL STREET JOURNAL": Yes. I think President Biden owns this issue. Republicans, I wish they had agreed to some of the packages, some of the reforms. They weren't nearly enough but it would have been a start. But that said, we're in this thing because Joe Biden came in, and his only immigration policy was to say, what did Donald Trump do? I will do the opposite no matter what the consequences. We're now seeing the consequences. And I think people know he owns it.And when you have the spectacle of like the Supreme Court saying it's OK for the Border Patrol to take down barbed wire that Texas puts up, and then Texas puts up more as they're taking it down, people are going to see which party is letting people come in and which party isn't.BAIER: Yes. Mollie, this is just a little more than three weeks ago, President Biden. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Have you done everything you can do with executive authority --JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I have done all I can do. Just give me the power. I have asked from the very day I got into office, give me the Border Patrol. Give me the people -- give me the people, the judges, give me the people who can stop this and make it work right.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: OK, "Axios," "President Biden's bold and risky border move. In a sign of how concerned the White House is over immigration, President Biden is considering borrowing a page from former President Trump. The dramatic actions that Biden is considering on the southern border including an executive order that would restrict the ability to migrants to claim asylum don't require congressional approval." This is what Republicans have been saying for months, Mollie.HEMINGWAY: Yes, sometimes we have crises because of a natural disaster. This crisis is entirely of Joe Biden and the Democrats' making. They campaigned on a plea to turn around everything that Trump had done to secure the border. They won. They immediately set about through executive actions removing all of the protections we had at the border.And yes, a few weeks ago, Joe Biden lied and said that there was nothing that he could do. And now he is admitting that, in fact, there is quite a bit that he could do. Whether or not he does that will remain to be seen because this has been such a concerted effort. And as you showed with all these Chinese nationals who are coming in, this is a real national security threat as well. Probably not all 24,000 are being sent by the Communist Party of China, but they would be foolish to not take advantage of what Biden has done to open up the border.BAIER: Juan, tomorrow marks the two-year anniversary since the start of the Russian invasion into Ukraine. Now there's new sanctions on Russia in the wake of this anniversary as well as the death of Alexei Navalny. Here is General Keane on these sanctions and what could come out of them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GEN. JACK KEANE (RET), FOX NEWS SENIOR STRATEGIC ANALYST: It's sort of an open secret that our sanctions haven't been nearly as effective as they were expected to be and as we announced them to be. There's two reasons for that. One is the administration itself. This administration has had an open valve here in not being as effective as they should be. The second reason is Russia's allies and friends have significantly helped to bail them out here, mostly China.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All right, Juan, what do you think?WILLIAMS: I think we had our foot on Putin's throat, but I think that what we have seen in terms of advances by the Russian military in the last few days indicates that suddenly Russia is back and seems to be on the offensive.What strikes me is everybody from the NATO allies to the White House has said that Ukraine needs more aid. And right now, the House GOP is just locked up. They just are paralyzed by Trump politics, and the former president seems to say he doesn't want more aid to go to Ukraine. I don't think there's anybody around the world -- China is watching, North Korea is watching, everybody who is an authoritarian is watching to see exactly whether the United States will be neutralized. This is a very dangerous moment, and somehow at this moment you would hope that Mike Johnson, the speaker, would just say, look, we are going to put America and global security first and not politics.BAIER: All right, panel, the loser is Winners and Losers because I jampacked a lot into this show. But thank you very much. Have a great weekend.Now it's Friday. Normally we'd bring you "Notable Quotables", but it's been a busy show, and with a busy week with our coverage on the ground in Ukraine. But tomorrow, please join Martha MacCallum and me at 7:00 p.m. eastern, complete coverage of the South Carolina primary. We've got you covered.Please join Shannon Bream, FOX NEWS SUNDAY. Her guests are South Carolina Congresswoman Nancy Mace and national security adviser Jake Sullivan. Plus, Oklahoma Governor Kevin Stitt and Colorado Governor Jared Polis.That's it for us, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Long week.