BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Thank you for inviting us into your home tonight and every night. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle is coming up just seconds from now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle from Washington tonight. Always one step ahead. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: Try and hope as they might, the legal forces in New York, Georgia and DC are finding it harder and harder to accomplish their mission, which is to put Trump behind bars and or bankrupt him before the election.Now today, the New York Appellate Court slashed the obscene amount Judge Engoron ordered Trump to post to appeal the case from $454 million to $175 million. Now, the Left's longtime fantasy was to see New York A.G. Letitia James personally slap padlocks on the front doors of Trump's prize real estate. Now, there was a palpable disappointment. I could hear it on the other cable nets.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Chris, it is your understanding that Trump will be able to get this lower amount of cash together. But it is worth reminding everyone that up until the 11th hour today, when this ruling came down, they were struggling to find a way to pay that original bond amount.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Here we go again, he continues to defy gravity and catches another lucky break.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The notion that I would walk in there and have my, what I owed knocked down to a third of the judgment is ludicrous. I don't even ask you if that would happen for me. Of course not. And the notion that he's got 11 more days is ludicrous. And I guess my question is, is there a breaking point? Or is this just what Trump will benefit from, everybody always bending the rules and treating him differently?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's hilarious. Well, CNN was so excited about today, they invested in a few lawn chairs for their guests outside the lower Manhattan courthouse. They thought it was going to be a different outcome. And (ph) the Trump real estate graphics were still a favorite go to.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: 175 is a lot more doable than more than half a billion dollars with interest piling up daily,UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And he probably does have this 175. This is a big break for him. It could have been much, much worse, more than 500 million, could have been resulted in him having to sell assets.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: True, but the leading legal mind in the House of Representatives insists the ends justify the means.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ (D-NY): I actually think that that there is risk in not seizing these assets and the open window that exists in him trying to secure these funds through other means. We've seen a lot of interesting transactions happening with Truth Social and other means. And there is a very real risk of political corruption.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Has she figured out that RICO thing yet? All right. The Trump exception to due process and basic fairness. Now these people would attend candlelight vigils to protect the due process rights of illegals before deportation. But they're outraged that the system gives Trump any rights at all.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE BARNICLE, MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR: He's been around and survived all of these incredible, weighty legal and political issues. And he's still here. Still here. Still a free man. I have no explanation for this, Joe.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, if he can't wrap his cerebrum around that, he should stick to gabbing about the Red Sox. Yet another in the simpleton pundit category is Michael Steele, the failed former RNC Chair. He too is stunned that the Appellate Court made a sane ruling posting yet again, Donald Trump gets special treatment with his own private system of justice. This makes absolutely no sense.Well, what makes no sense is that comment. So now, the Never Trumpers are so diluted, they actually won't think the New York Appellate Court is MAGA, special treatment. The only people getting special treatment in New York are the thugs terrorizing people on the streets and getting away with it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We have violent criminals that are murdering people, killing people. We have drug dealers all over the place and they go free, and they can do whatever they want, but they go after Trump, where there's not even a crime.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And the entire underlying judgment was disproportional from the outset. Disgraced financier Bernie Madoff's fraud was in the billions with tens of thousands of victims. Guess how much his bail was? 10 million. I know that was a lot of years ago, you say.Well, how about Sam Bankman-Fried? He was forced to cough up 250 million in bail money, but again, he lost his investors billions. In Trump's case, the banks had done their due diligence in loaning him money and there were no victims. Loans were paid back in full. But don't worry on the deflated Left. If there's someone is going to take the load off, it's Fani Willis. She says she's still on track to get the road runner.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, FULTON COUNTY: While that was going on, we were writing responsive briefs, we were still doing the case in the way that it needed to be done. I don't feel like we've been slowed down at all. I do think that there are efforts to slow down this train, but the train is coming.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: She doesn't sound political at all there. Now you get the sense that all these people are running on fumes, like a denture cream bond, a certain G word has been stuck on Biden for years. But now, his surrogates think the big switcheroo is going to work.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: This is the same grift that he has run again and again and again, using other people's money for his own benefit. Well, often leaving his donors high and dry.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): Well, I think that it's very clear that Trump is a grifter. That's just the way it is. These people who are so happy to give him money to pay his legal fees should at least be told that where they're spending money.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: I get it. But if only Nancy and Jen applied their concern to the omnibus bills, where there was a real problem with transparency, thousands of pages long released the night before of a vote, or I guess that lack of transparency somehow works OK for them.Now, when these people ridicule and defame Trump, they really are just ridiculing and defaming the 74 million Americans who voted for him, and those who will again. They even try to mind read their true thoughts. Into that point, perhaps the most moronic comment of the new cycle goes to this guy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DON CALLOWAY (D), FORMER MISSOURI STATE REPRESENTATIVE: They know about all of the foolishness. They know about all of the corruption and everything that Donald Trump is. Joe Biden cannot win by saying how Trump's a bad guy because there's people who want the bad guy to be president.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Move over, Cicero (ph). Bottom line here, Democrats have no affirmative agenda to restore America. It's just lawfare, racial division, and of course, throw in some abortion fearmongering. Of course, their guy can't be trusted to have a real press conference or do any non-friendly interviews. No way.And of course, Joe won't or can't debate. How can he defend his border? He can't? How can he defend the chaos abroad? He can't. But no problem, his surrogates do all the heavy lifting for him, and they include the corporate media. Their mantra is simple, Trump is bad, and you're bad for wanting a bad man as president. And because he's bad and you're bad, we're justified in bending the legal and political system to make sure he doesn't even have the chance to be on the ballot come November. Oh, and of course, he's Hitler as well. And that's the Angle.Joining us now, David Schoen, former Trump Impeachment Lawyer, and Mike Davis, former Gorsuch clerk and President and Founder of the Article III Project. Now, there was scheduling news in the other Trump case in New York. But David, before we get into that, this is how Tish James responded to the bond being lowered today.In her statement, she said in part, Donald Trump is still facing accountability for a staggering fraud. 464 million judgment, plus interest against Donald Trump and the other defendants that still stands. Is the judge signaling something here, what's your gut?DAVID SCHOEN, FORMER TRUMP IMPEACHMENT LAWYER: Well, I think that the court did took a big step in the right direction. I don't think there should have been any bond for the appeal in this case. And the court certainly had that discretion. He has the assets; you know where he is. But I think the underlying conviction is going to be reversed, certainly by the time it reaches the New York Court of Appeals, if it has to go that far.As you have said, no loss, no victims, the banks were more than happy to do with a -- to make the loans they wanted more business. He's an international brand, and so on. This is a very different definition of fraud than we've ever seen before. No jury trial, there should have been a jury trial. As we've said before, 2011 case, it says no jury trial says because damages are incidental to the relief generally given under this statute, this executive law 6312. These are not incidental damages. So, I think the court made the right decision, should have gone further.INGRAHAM: Now, Mike, when you watch the faces, the faces always tell the story on the other networks. They were crestfallen today. I mean, they really wanted an immediate rush to Trump National Golf Course or any of his premier properties and they wanted to see the padlocks being put on the door. They didn't quite know how to process this today, did they?MIKE DAVIS, FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT, ARTICLE III PROJECT: Yes, it's amazing you have this New York Attorney General who campaigned on the fact that she was going to get Trump, Tish James, they went to this biased Democrat Manhattan Judge Arthur Engoron, who decreed before the trial began, before any witnesses or any other evidence that Trump somehow committed fraud when he paid back sophisticated Wall Street banks in -- on -- in full on time, as agreed with interest.And then they put this half billion dollar unconstitutionally punitive fines against Trump, and then they wanted him to put up this half billion dollars to pursue his Appellate rights. This is obviously not going to fly with the American people, and this is going to backfire on November 5, 2024.INGRAHAM: Well, when you think about this, David, the bottom line is, this signals that this might go Trump's way, I would imagine it would go Trump's way. But then we have this April 15th trial date that set for this so- called hush money case, which I don't think the Left thought was going to be their best shot at starting this lawfare really going. But it really could be the first of the big cases. I don't count the Jean Carroll case. Thoughts about that today. That was the one saving grace, the Left thought that gave them a little chit on their side.SCHOEN: Well, politically, I mean, each one of these cases since President Trump's soaring upwards in the polls, because I think ultimately, the American people are fair and reasonable. And they see these political prosecutions for what they are. There are so many problems with this case, it's hard to know where to start. This judge never should have been assigned to the case. He wasn't randomly assigned. He was assigned to the Trump Organization case; he was assigned to the Bannon case.They say the Chief Administrative Judge put him on it. It wasn't because he was qualified. In my view, I had nothing but bad experience with him. He's an anti-Trumper. The indictment is defective, it doesn't give notice of what's really charged in the case.But the biggest thing is, they hired a special prosecutor in this case, Mark Pomerantz, who came in and did a study. It's all in his book, the higher ups in that office thought this case should never be brought, just like the Feds passed on the case. The Feds had this evidence and they said there should be no prosecution.You're going to see in this case, Bob Costello testify who was Michael Cohen's lawyer. And he's going to tell you that Michael Cohen told a completely different story and Michael Cohen waived privilege. That's one of the main reasons the Feds never prosecuted.INGRAHAM: And Mike, your sense on this, because there were tens of what -- tens of thousands of documents that have to be gone through in this case, and I imagine they're going to ask for another continuation in this case to push it off past April 15th. Do you think that will be successful?DAVIS: Well, for Alvin Bragg's sake, I hope that -- he better hope this gets pushed off because this is a dog of a case. They have taken a businessman settling a nuisance claim and try to turn this into felony campaign finance violations that the prior Manhattan D.A., the Manhattan U.S. attorney, the Federal Election Commission and Alvin Bragg himself passed over until Mathew Colangelo got sent from the number three off, three officers in the Biden Justice Department to resurrect the zombie case to get Trump.INGRAHAM: Yes. Well, President Trump mentioned him by name today, David, the judge was clearly annoyed by the underlying allegation that this is all just some political vendetta against Trump. He didn't much like that today. What would you advise the President as a matter of legal strategy, forget the political PR side of it.SCHOEN: He has to keep making the record in this case, this judge is always going to be annoyed with anything that appears to be in President Trump's favor. You have doc, tens of thousands of documents being turned over at the last minute here that easily could have been gotten from the federal prosecutors, they worked with the federal prosecutors.As Mike said, Colangelo comes from the Feds. He also comes from the New York Attorney General's office where he went after Trump as well. They just can't play it straight with folks who are looking for justice in this case, and this judge certainly isn't in my opinion. He's the wrong guy for this job. But President Trump has to stay the course and keep raising all the legal issues in this case. And wait till you see what happens when Michael Cohen testifies, and his own lawyer contradicts him.INGRAHAM: Oh, that is going to be juicy. David and Mike, great to see you both. Thanks so much. All right, coming up, having his bond reduced wasn't the only major win for Trump today. I'm going to explain it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: More good news for Donald Trump today. Not only did he get that bond sliced by 61.5 percent in New York. The latest Emerson poll shows him leading Biden in a number of key swing states, Arizona, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Nevada.And the big merger of a social media company, Trump Media and Technology Group finally got through the merger process. That means tomorrow, Donald Trump's shares will be worth in the billions. The Truth Social stock will start trading tomorrow on the NASDAQ.Joining me now, Charlie Hurt, Opinion Editor at the Washington Times and Mollie Hemingway, Editor-in-Chief at the Federalist. Both are Fox News Contributors. Charlie, let's start with you.I started the show tonight with the roadrunner and Wile E. Coyote, which is one of my favorite cartoons ever. But they're almost there. They're almost there to get him, put the padlock on Trump Tower and the Trump golf course and Mar-a-Lago. Letitia James is all excited. Then well, little, little rough of a day. But this news is not insignificant about this special purpose acquisition vehicle and the merger tomorrow, billions of dollars for Trump, and maybe a new spring in his step.CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: It's truly extraordinary. I mean, this was supposed to be one of the worst days in his entire career, his -- both politically and his business career, and then it turns out to be one of the best and it's like, the guy's got this Midas touch. And you have to give him credit. It's not -- it's not just luck. It is, I think there is a lot of -- he deserves credit both for continuing to fight every single day. I don't know how the guy manages to come back and keep swinging.But then you see that performance, where he went for the cameras outside after the court hearing. And yet again, he commands the -- he's up against the media every single day, and he commands the attention of the media. It was funny. I flipped around the channels, and CNN, MSNBC, everybody who is declared they don't want to cover anything he says anymore. They were --INGRAHAM: Right.HURT: -- all forced to carry his victory lap.INGRAHAM: Now, Mollie, we showed that string of the Emerson polls showing Trump leading Biden in all of those swing states. But what's interesting and not such great news is that the presumptive Republican Senate candidates in that same poll show that they're behind their Democratic counterparts in those same states. Sometimes it's a few points, sometimes it's a little bit more, what does that tell you?MOLLIE HEMINGWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think it shows that the Republican party still needs to unify if they want to have success in November, seems like a no brainer for a lot of Republican voters that they would like to see the establishment of the party unite with the base and really work together for victory. They think the situation in the country is extremely dire, extremely serious. And they would like to see their leaders in DC take it as seriously as they do.So, I think it's too soon to count anyone in or out. But if the Republicans want to have success, they need to be very smart. They need to be very unified, and they need to keep their eye on the ball and focused on the major issues in play.INGRAHAM: And Charlie, a lot of us are concerned that by summer, Hakeem Jeffries could be the Speaker of the House. We have these retirements; some people are walking out the door early. I know everybody has competing desires, and they're going to this company and -- but you did -- you did kind of swear to uphold the Constitution and do your duty for the people of your district. What happened to that idea?HURT: Yes, it's really extraordinary. I mean, whatever you think of Donald Trump and some of the antics that he gets into, he has notched more conservative wins for conservatives than any president going back to Ronald Reagan. And the idea that you have a lot of these Republicans would literally rather give up and go home, then take part in another administration of winning in the legislature. It tells you all you need to know about those people.INGRAHAM: Well, Mollie, I'm hoping someone like Mike Gallagher reconsiders. He did good work in my view on the TikTok stuff and some other issues. He's an interesting guy. And I think, look, just be -- just show up for the big votes. I mean, at this point, just show up for the big votes and make your way through the rest of the year. That's really the honorable thing to do. So maybe he'll change his mind.HEMINGWAY: Yes, he really should reconsider. It's outrageous to leave halfway through your cycle. It's not that long. It's two years for a term and the voters of Wisconsin, just like the voters in other states really want to believe that they have someone advocating for them. Mike Gallagher does have a pretty good reputation with Republican voters. But if he sabotages the Republican majority, and he does it in a really petty way that would really sour his reputation with Republican voters.And so, I think he should reconsider. It's not too late to do that. Or he should step down immediately so that the people of Wisconsin in his district can have a special election to replace him.INGRAHAM: Yes, I think Charlie, they're worried that special election, the Democrats have poured a huge amount of money into there, really fast and they might not win that. So, I think there's a lot of concern. I think the best thing is to reconsider. It's not too late. Charlie, Mollie, great to see you both.All right, now it's time for our political palate cleanser. Country superstar Zach Bryan shared a moment with a young fan battling a rare diagnosis in Wisconsin.(VIDEO PLAYING)INGRAHAM: My gosh, I was bawling. 19-year-old Megan Pederson had a surprise of a lifetime, she got a hug, of course signed guitar, had a chance to hang with Zach Bryan backstage. Good for him. Megan says the best moment was getting to thank him for being her revival. Coming up, is the President of Mexico trying to blackmail Joe Biden. His new demands, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: This video of the border rush in El Paso, taken last week by the New York Post, may end up being Joe Biden's undoing. But now the president of Mexico is offering Biden an election year lifeline, or as I see it, political extortion.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: With the ear of the White House, President Lopez Obrador proposed his fix, that the United States commit $20 billion a year to poor countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, lift sanctions on Venezuela and the Cuban embargo, and legalize millions of law-abiding Mexicans living in the U.S.UNKNOWN: If they don't do the things that you've said need to be done, then what?UNKNOWN: The flow of migrants will continue.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Typical socialist. When America had a strong president who knew how to exercise leverage on trade, Mexico agreed to the Remain in Mexico policy with no similar strings attached.Joining me now, Tom Homan, former acting director of ICE under President Trump, also Fox News contributor. And immigration attorney Alen Orr, former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association. Alen, how is it that Donald Trump had the border fairly under control by 2019? How did that work?ALLEN ORR, IMMIGRATION ATTORNEY: Yeah, I don't think it was under control. I think that COVID played a big role in it --INGRAHAM: 2019.ORR: -- and Title 42 played somewhat of a role in it.INGRAHAM: 2019.ORR: Yeah. Even then the numbers were still a little bit aggressive. I mean, the issue is there were still people who were coming to the United States using non-traditional methods to enter the United States. So, the border has never been a solution because Congress has not acted on it since the early 80's.INGRAHAM: Is that your whole argument right now? I mean, that's just -- I like you and I'm so glad you came on tonight. But it's just, to me, that's -- I mean, I feel bad for you making that argument because it's not true. The flow in 2019, Tom, I'm going to ask you a tough question next, but was -- is he right? Is the flow in 2019 still pretty high? And it's just immigration reform that we need?TOM HOMAN, FORMER ACTING ICE DIRECTOR: Under President Trump, we have the most secure border in my career. I started as a border attorney in 1984. You don't have to take my word for it. Go to CBP.gov. Look at the border patrol's own data. The illegal immigration was at a 45-year low. Illegal immigration was down 83 to 90 percent, depending on what time period you look at. Unprecedented success. And that's just a fact. Anybody can look at the data.INGRAHAM: Now, the chief of the U.S. Border Patrol was asked what keeps him up at night, Alen, by CBS. Let's watch his response.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: What's keeping me up at night is the 140,000 known got-aways. That's just what we know.UNKNOWN: Is that a national security risk?UNKNOWN: If we don't know who is coming into our country and we don't know what their intent is, that is a threat. And they're exploiting a vulnerability that's on our border right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Alen, do you agree with that assessment?ORR: I do agree with that assessment, but I think the evaluation is a little bit different. There were almost 2 million people who got away in 2000. And so, as we look at the numbers, the way to control the number of people who are getting away that we saw at the end of Title 42, when you end harsh enforcement at the border and give people a method to come into the United States, a way to address the people who are asking for asylum, you don't have the got-aways and the numbers that we've seen.INGRAHAM: Tom.HOMAN: You secure the border, you don't have any, you've got less got- aways. Look, again, the numbers speak for themselves. I mean, I'm just talking to the data that's available. We got just short of 2 million known got-aways. We've arrested 340, more than 340, just on the southern border off the terrorist watch list. Four years under Trump, 11, 11. Hell, this administration got 18 two-months ago, in one-month they got 18, Trump four years, 11. No, an open border drives more illegal immigration over.It overwhelms the border patrol. When you overwhelm the border patrol, this humanitarian crisis where 70 percent of agents are off the line daily, that's when the non-inspected terrorists are going to come in because there's no patrol on the border. They're going to take the route of least resistance.They're not going to try to get a visa or a plane ticket because there's a vetting process. But if you pay the cartels a little extra money, you can be part of that 2 million got-away.INGRAHAM: Alen --ORR: I think the way to get --INGRAHAM: Go ahead.ORR: Yes. I think the way to get away from the cartel is sort of making a legalized pathway for these individuals to get through. The concept that when there was a President Bush or there was an Obama or any other of the former presidents, that the border was 100 percent secure is just a falsehood.That's not something that we can ever reach in our society because we are not like Europe. We don't have a small border. We have a very vast border. We need to have a better way of managing the border and manage the influx of people. And part of that is dealing with the push, but also part of that is managing the border better.INGRAHAM: Well, let's see how the border was managed in Texas. This new footage that I don't believe has been shown before from the New York Post. We see people literally using bolt cutters to get through the razor wire at the border.So, they were clearly breaking the law, destroying other people's property before they even stepped foot in our country. So, how is this acceptable in any way, shape or form?I mean, I don't think any of the three of us would allow anyone that we didn't know to break and entering in our homes on a daily basis. We certainly wouldn't allow it. We'd try to get help to stop it. But we're supposed to say, this is all right.Alen, I think Americans, and it's not political at this point. This is just practical. The whole world will want to come here, right? And presumably none of us would want the entire world to come here, even if the entire world wanted to come here, because that would be totally unfair to the people in this country.ORR: Well, I don't see it quite that way. I see it as, you know, this is a holy week, so I invite as many people as possible to my church because there's plenty of good room for good people.And so, in that same capacity, I think because we're such a good nation, because you've made this such a good nation, and Tom has made this such a good nation, I'm working to make this such a good nation, there will always be people who want to come here.In the same veins that Ronald Reagan sort of spoke about his love for immigration in his parting speech, America has always been that beacon. And that's not something I want to turn away from.I think we need to manage it better to meet the jobs that we have available in this country, to meet the lowering birth rate, and to sort of meet the humanitarian need. Does everybody get asylum? Absolutely not. But we can do a better job of management. So, let's try management first.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Well, Tom, not everybody is kind of getting at least, you know, temporary asylum. What is it? Eighty, eighty-nine or ninety-five percent? Real quick.HOMAN: Yeah. Nearly nine out of ten never get relief from the U.S. courts because they don't qualify. They don't show up in court. But I want to address the last comment about the cartels. You know how we deal with the cartels? You wipe them off the face of the earth because they've killed more Americans than any terrorist organization.President Trump would declare them a terrorist organization, he'll wipe them off the face of the earth. That's how you deal with the Mexican cartels.INGRAHAM: Tom and Alen, good to see both of you tonight. Thank you. Just in time for the election, Mark Zuckerberg is trying to, well, affect, control what Americans can see on social media. I'll explain it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: It's election year and Donald Trump is leading in key swing states, which means it's time for big tech to put its finger on the scale to help poor old Biden. This time with a new rule on political content. Got to make sure the people never see posts from conservatives or even some true liberals.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I just want to thank my parents for not letting me pick my gender while I was trying to eat crayons and glue my hands together.UNKNOWN: Who do you think is better for the country, Trump or Biden?UNKNOWN: Trump.UNKNOWN: Trump.UNKNOWN: Trump.UNKNOWN: Trump.UNKNOWN: Biden ain't doing (BLEEP). We got to get rid of his sleepy (BLEEP).UNKNOWN: Virginity is a completely made-up concept. It's a term that was created simply to control and shame people, mainly women.UNKNOWN: Wait, what?(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Over the last few days, people started noticing a change in their feeds. So now you don't get any political content from someone you do not follow unless you physically go into your account and change certain settings.It turns out that Meta, which owns Instagram, has started restricting users' access to political content just months before the election. So, anything that has to do with laws, elections or social topics will be limited.Joining me now is journalist Michael Shellenberger, founder of Public on Substack. Michael, now, this is supposed to be for all political content, but I just want to remind viewers that Mark Zuckerberg, who owns, of course, the old Facebook, poured more than $350 million into the 2020 election via, you know, all the nonsense in Pennsylvania. So, what's he up to here?MICHAEL SHELLENBERGER, SUBSTACK JOURNALIST: Yeah. Hey, it's good to be with you, Laura. I mean, I think it's worth going back to 2017. You might remember everybody blamed Facebook at the time. I mean, not everybody. The Democrats blamed Facebook at the time for Trump's election. The people who had lost Brexit a few months earlier also blamed Facebook for losing the Brexit vote in Britain.And Zuckerberg actually was pretty strong. He said he was even -- he said he defended the right of people to deny the Holocaust on Facebook. Fast forward three years later and he caved in on everything. There had been a huge advertiser boycott led by organizations, very close ties to the intelligence community, that were putting a lot of pressure on him.He made up a reason suggesting that there was some evidence showing an increase of anti-Semitic hate speech on Facebook and real-world violence. They can't trace those things. And we documented recently that even with a big increase of hate speech, it doesn't translate into real-world violence.Happily, the real issue here is obviously politics. Zuckerberg, in response to all the pressure from Democrats to not have Republican and conservative content, he's just shut it all down and he's done it again. He restricted the content earlier, really a year or two ago, and then he's been restricting it ever since and he's doing it again right now.INGRAHAM: Yeah, this is why everyone has to be on platforms that don't do this. X doesn't do it. I mean, Truth Social has their big announcement tomorrow.But we reached out to Meta, which told us, this announcement expands on years of work on how we approach and treat political content based on what people have told us they wanted, Michael. And now people are going to be able to control whether they would like to have these types of posts recommended to them. What?SHELLENBERGER: Yeah, it's -- yeah, I mean, it's really -- I didn't know about the change until I saw the news coverage. I had to go in. I couldn't even find it in my settings very easily. I mean, look, obviously they're running away from being controversial, having people criticize them for feeding them content that they think would be, you know, pro-Republican.I mean, that's really the target here. It's been the target the whole time. The mainstream news media is so heavily dominated by the liberal Democratic perspective that social media now is where they're trying to basically exterminate any free flow of different information.So, I think it's very clear what's happening. I think you're right. It means that it actually, I think, hopefully increases demand for alternative platforms, including X, formerly Twitter, where people, you do get recommended content, including content you may not agree with. But at least there's some free flow of information, which is exactly what the first amendment was created to protect.INGRAHAM: But, again, I'll just repeat to everybody, you're big people. You can figure out what you like and don't like. And, but the idea that Mark Zuckerberg is going to stand there and say, oh, because I got a lot of, you know, C-R-A-P from the left after Trump won in 2016, I'm just going to say none of this is allowed. That's pretty -- I just think that's pretty convenient given that Trump is doing really well.Michael, it's always great seeing you. Thanks so much. Sean Diddy Combs, his home raided by Homeland Security. We have details. Plus, Americans may come face-to-face with grizzly bears if Joe Biden gets his way. Details next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: This is a Fox News alert. The feds just swooped in on homes owned by rap mogul Sean Diddy Combs. Fox's Bill Melugin joins me from our West Coast newsroom with all the details. Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, Laura, a U.S. official confirms to Fox News that the Homeland Security raids at P. Diddy's properties here in L.A. and in Miami today are in connection to a federal sex trafficking investigation. Heavily armed federal agents could be seen raiding Sean Diddy Combs' house in the Holmby Hills area of L.A. today. Several people could be seen being escorted from the property, some appearing to be detained or arrested and in handcuffs.Meanwhile, in Miami, some federal agents arrived at Combs' waterfront property by boat conducting a raid there as well. Sources tell Fox this has to do with a federal sex trafficking probe.But officially, HSI is only saying in part, quote, "earlier today, Homeland Security Investigations New York executed law enforcement actions as part of an ongoing investigation with assistance from HSI L.A., HSI Miami, and our local law enforcement partners. We will provide further information as it becomes available.Now, last year, three women accused Combs of abuse in two separate lawsuits. The day after the first lawsuit was filed, Combs and the woman, singer Cassandra Ventura, agreed on a settlement. In the second lawsuit, filed last November, two women claimed Combs forcefully drugged them and sexually assaulted them back in the 1990's. Two months ago, a male music producer also sued Combs, accusing him of abuse, including unsolicited groping and sexual touching.Now, Laura, right now it's not clear where P. Diddy is tonight. We are working on confirming his whereabouts. But TMZ is now reporting they've just tracked his plane, his private jet, to Antigua in the Caribbean tonight, though it's unclear if he's actually on that plane. We'll send it back to you.INGRAHAM: Bill, thanks so much.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Anyone is fair game because this grizzly preys on the easiest food of all, man.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Because life in Biden's America isn't dangerous enough, the White House is moving up its timeline to relocate grizzly bear populations to rural parts of Washington state. Locals, they're not thrilled.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: The number one thing, I think, is the danger. I mean, we're going to live right here.UNKNOWN: When we bring back the salmon, that's the time that we can look at those other building blocks of that ecosystem.UNKNOWN: The biggest fear is your kids or your -- somebody in your family gets mauled or, God forbid, killed by a grizzly.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: The proposed plan seeks to establish a population of 200 grizzly bears in the coming decades. And why? Well, releasing the apex predator into the region will improve social tolerance of the species, so says the Biden administration.Joining me now is Neil Kayser, who is a cattle producer in Washington state and a member of the Washington Cattlemen's Association. Neil, the dangers here, what are they?NEIL KAYSER, WASHINGTON CATTLE PRODUCER: Well, there's a real danger of the bear, of our livestock, of our families, of the people that are working and living in this area that they're going to bring those bears into. It's a real threat and a real danger to our families.INGRAHAM: Well, as someone who has come fairly and way too close to a grizzly bear when I was in Wyoming once, actually two grizzly bears, it's terrifying, no doubt. They'll take down a cattle or a horse. A dog is an appetizer. And a person, you know, usually they run away. But if they're provoked, they will come at you.And the Biden administration is moving up its timeline, not slowing it down, but moving it up. Your reaction to that tonight?KAYSER: Well, we've always said the local communities and the local state fish and wildlife people need to be the ones to manage this wildlife and manage the bear. If they were involved with input from the communities, the ranchers, the people living there, the orchard people that have their income in these areas, it's a real problem and going to be a real problem to try to survive in these rural areas that we live and work in.INGRAHAM: Well, Neil, here's how one wildlife biologist described this proposed relocation, as they're calling it, of Grizzlies. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: We'd be looking at young bears in order to make the move. Bears that are, number one, maybe more adaptable to a new landscape, but also bears with their life, their reproductive life ahead of them because these bears are going to be the basis for jump-starting a population.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Neil, your response?KAYSER: Yes. Well, that could be true. I'm not a wildlife biologist. But I also believe that anything that gets hungry is going to eat something. And if there's no wildlife there to eat, it's going to be livestock, it's going to be the pets, the dogs and the cats. It's going to harass the people that are hiking and walking in this area, the vacation there.It does not need to be done by a federal bureaucrat. It needs to be done by the Washington State Fish and Wildlife and the local communities.INGRAHAM: Neil, this is why I think these federal departments, by the way, it's so beautiful behind you. I just want to be there right now. It's so gorgeous. This is why the federal departments, like the Interior Department, it shouldn't be in Washington.I really believe it should be out west where we still have the vast vistas, or at least in some part outside of the swamp of D.C. because people get here and they lose all common sense.They don't know what it's like to build a business, make a payroll, certainly not, you know, how to drive cattle or raise cattle. It's, you know, you have a target on your back, unfortunately, right now.KAYSER: That's very true. Nobody asked to house these bears in Portland and Seattle. They're putting them out on our landscape that we try to make a living on to provide food and fiber and energy for the American consumer.INGRAHAM: Neil, friends of mine who are in the restaurant business have told me the pressure that is on them, because they're a big steakhouse, that's on them with the cost of beef, and everything from energy costs to reduced grazing to all the other regulations that are coming down the pike against your way of life, despite -- looks like the Biden folks want to bring us back to the 1800's.Do you feel that, you know, you're kind of on borrowed time as a cattleman today given what the environmentalists are doing?KAYSER: Well, that could be true in some instances, but we've been here for five generations and we've endured a lot of things. We're going to continue to work and support the industry and our way of life. And there will be challenges, yes.INGRAHAM: Neil, I'm going to come hang out there. Awesome to see you. Thanks so much. Up next, Jesse.