JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: We're talking about the housing crisis with Laura right off the top in her angle. That's what she calls her monolog.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: That's fantastic. That's fantastic.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: No, that's her show.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. Well --WATTERS: Isn't the angle also is the monologue?(CROSSTALK)GUTFELD: Are you going to get to meet Raymond Arroyo?WATTERS: Oh, God, I hope so.GUTFELD: I know.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, everyone, that is a great show. And that is it for us. Have a great night, everybody. Hey, Bret.BAIER: Hey, Dana. I think one of those moves that thief was doing was actually called hot corresponds.PERINO: In my event -- my event.BAIER: OK. Anyway, Thanks, dana.PERINO: Have a show.BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. "BREAKING TONIGHT", we're covering two big breaking stories at this hour.The Trump tug of war. the former president fights to keep his vast real estate empire intact, while the attorney general of New York closes in on a possible seizure.But first tonight, chaos at the border. Hours ago, several 100 migrants broke through a razor wire fence and knocked down guards there as they crossed into the country today. This big rush of migrants pushing through to get into the U.S.Correspondent Nate Foy is in Eagle Pass Texas tonight with new video. Good evening, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. So, sources -- law enforcement sources in Texas tell fox that at least one migrant is charged with assaulting a Texas National Guard soldier after more than 300 migrants rushed the border wall in El Paso today. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)FOY (voice over): The majority here, Bret, are single adult men. You see them push past the razor wire, shoved National Guard soldiers and rushed the border wall.More arrests becoming for assault or destruction of property. Congressman Tony Gonzalez posted on X, "There is nothing safe and orderly about this. It's a break in. It's illegal. And there needs to be consequences."But those consequences are unclear right now. Texas is still awaiting an appeals court ruling that will determine if the state can enforce Senate Bill 4. The law allows Texas to arrest and deport migrants who cross the border illegally.Today, in Jacumba, California, take a look at this. Over 200 migrants entered the country illegally. They are being processed by Border Patrol. Many of them will receive notices to appear in immigration court.However, Bret, a new report by a nonpartisan group called, TRAC, finds since President Joe Biden took office 200,000 deportation cases have been thrown out because DHS just didn't file the paperwork, the notices to appear on time.In one quick thing regarding the video that we showed you in El Paso with the migrants rushing the border wall, our colleague Aishah Hasnie is getting early reaction from Democrats. Listen here.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: And when you look at this video, it's pretty dramatic.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes. I haven't seen the video.HASNIE: It's -- I'm playing it right now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank you. Yes. All right. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Thank you.(END VIDEOTAPE)FOY: Not much to say right now. Texas Governor Greg Abbott just provided a statement to Fox, calling this a direct result of the chaos that President Joe Biden has unleashed on our southern border. Bret.BAIER: OK. Nate Foy, along the border. More on this with the panel. Thanks.Now, to former President Donald Trump's ongoing effort to try to hold on to his properties. As it is revealed the New York Attorney General has begun the initial steps to potentially take them for his failure to post a $454 million bond.Correspondent C.B. Cotton has details tonight from New York. Good evening, C.B.CB COTTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. It appears New York Attorney General Letitia James is gearing up for an asset seizure. A former President Donald Trump's legal team cannot secure a bond for nearly half a billion dollars.Now, earlier this month, James formally registered judgement in Westchester County New York, home to two of Trumps properties.The procedural step would allow James to secure a lien against properties there in the future. The New York Attorney General's Office has made a series of suggestions to the Court on ways for Trump to come up with the bond, including a sale of his assets or his real estate being held with the court.Trump's lawyers pushed back telling the Court, in part, "It would be completely illogical -- and the definition of an unconstitutional excessive fine and a taking -- to require defendants to sell properties at all.And especially in a fire sale, in order to be able to appeal the lawless Supreme Court judgement. But unless an appeals court intervenes or Trump posts the bond for the full amount come Monday, James can start draining Trump's bank accounts.Now, the judge who impose a staggering penalty in the civil fraud case also just ordered the Court appointed monitor, who now oversees the Trump organization to be informed of any efforts to secure this bond.his is Trump's campaign makes an urgent push for donations, asking donors to help stop the, witch hunt.Now, Trump has asked the appeals court to accept a smaller bond amount of about $100 million or accept no bond at all. Bret.BAIER: C.B. Thank you.President Biden's and cash flow. The president's reelection campaign is crowing about its monetary advantage over former President Trump's organization. While at the same time, the Biden campaign seems increasingly concerned about a number of new polls.White House correspondent Peter Doocy looks at the numbers tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. President Biden is about to land back here at the White House after three days in the southwest. Most of his events were off camera with wealthy donors and he insists that even in an election year, he is not stretching the truth about his first term.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I'm not being facetious when I say that I've never been fact-checked.DOOCY (voice over): President Biden is fact-checked all the time. But his campaign is celebrating numbers that can't be disputed. A commanding February fundraising lead more than tripling Trump's cash on hand.Biden comms director, Michael Tyler, says, "If Donald Trump put up these kinds of numbers on The Apprentice, he'd fire himself."Biden world doesn't talk much about third parties yet. But as RFK Jr. Plans to borrow from his uncle JFK with a Saturday launch of Viva Kennedy 2024, Democrats will ignore him at their own risk.JEN PSAKI, MSNBC HOST: People need to be shouting it from the rooftops because this is the one of the biggest threats to Joe Biden being reelected, is these third-party candidates.DOOCY (voice over): Many members of Kennedy's own family are backing Biden. And President Biden hopes to avoid criticizing RFK Jr. According to NBC News, that's out of respect for matriarch Ethel and nostalgia for decades of Democrats he frequently named drops.BIDEN: I have two heroes, Bobby Kennedy --And, no malarkey, Dr. King.It's exactly 60 years ago this month when President Kennedy hosted the Boston Celtics as the first NBA championship team.I remember, Teddy Kennedy and a few others came to me and said, look, Joe, just come and stay six months, we need your help.(END VIDEOTAPE)DOOCY (on camera): He doesn't speak about every predecessor so fondly. In fact, today, at a fundraiser in Texas, President Biden said about former President Trump during COVID. He said inject bleach, I think he must have done it. He told us to hit the body with the UV light, which I'm confident he does. Bret.BAIER: Peter, what is the attorney general is saying about the Special Counsel Robert Hur's report, critical of President Biden's memory.DOOCY: It doesn't sound like he felt any pressure to change the report even though President Biden's personal attorneys sent him a letter. A strongly worded letter asking the attorney general to intervene and remove references to President Biden's memory in that report before it went live.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MERRICK GARLAND, UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL: The idea that an attorney general would edit or redact or censor the special counsel's explanation for why the Special Counsel reached the decision that special counsel did, that's absurd.And that is likely going to add to frustration among people in President Biden's orbit who have been particularly frustrated that Merrick Garland has treated the Biden documents case so similarly to the way he treats the Trump documents case. Bret.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Peter Doocy, live in the North Lawn. Peter thanks.Lawmakers have introduced a $1.2 trillion spending package to try to avoid a partial government shutdown for several key federal agencies this weekend.The bill comes nearly six months into the current budget year, it would allow Congress to complete its work in funding the government through September.The house aims to vote tomorrow morning on the spending bill. We will speak with Delaware Democratic Senator Chris Coons of the Appropriations Committee and other committees in just a few minutes.He's also the National co-chair of President Biden's reelection campaign.Wall Street continued its record-breaking rally. All three major indices had their highest ever closes.The Dow surging 269 today. The S&P 500 finished ahead 17, The NASDAQ was up 32.The justice department is going after Apple.It has announced a sweeping antitrust lawsuit against the tech giant. It accuses Apple of engineering an illegal monopoly in smartphones that boxes out competitors and stifles innovation.The lawsuit alleges Apple uses its control over the iPhone to "engage in a broad, sustained, and illegal course of conduct."Apple is calling the lawsuit wrong on the facts and the law, and says it will vigorously defend against it.The Secretary of State Antony Blinken says an Israeli offensive into Rafah would be a mistake.President Biden's top diplomat adds the move is not needed for Israel to defeat Hamas.This comes as the U.S. submits a draft resolution to the United Nations, calling for an immediate ceasefire. Blinken will meet with Israeli officials tomorrow.Correspondent Trey Yingst is on the Israeli border with Gaza tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT (voice over): With the war between Israel and Hamas, approaching 170 dates diplomatic efforts are ramping up to find a temporary solution to pause the bloodshed.U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to Saudi Arabia Wednesday, where he met with Crown Prince, Mohammed bin Salman.Today, Blinken continued to Egypt as the Biden administration looks to call for an agreement that could address the humanitarian needs of Palestinian civilians and return Israeli hostages.He also delivered a warning message to Israeli leadership over plans to invade Gaza southernmost city.ANTONY BLINKEN, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: President Biden has been very clear that a major ground operation in Rafah would be a mistake and something that we can't support.YINGST: America's top diplomat also announcing that the United States has submitted a draft resolution to the U.N., calling for an immediate ceasefire. Last month the U.S. vetoed an Arab back U.N. resolution, calling for an end to the war.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Those against --YINGST: Saying it would negatively impact ongoing negotiations. Along the Gaza border tonight, more aid trucks entered the enclave bound for Palestinian civilians, while diplomacy plays out in increasingly vulnerable population is in need of support.YINGST: These aid trucks are headed into the northern part of the Gaza Strip to a U.N. distribution point. Once there, the supplies will be given to Palestinians in need.Right now, The United Nations says that northern Gaza is on the brink of famine. There are more than 300,000 people that needed supplies, medicine, and support from the international community.YINGST (voice over): Along the Israel Gaza border, Trey Yingst, Fox News.(END VIDEOTAPE)BAIER: Up next, we talk about President Biden's reelection challenges and also the spending battles on Capitol Hill with Delaware Senator Chris Coons, national co-chair of the Biden campaign.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. Russia aborts the launch of three astronauts to the International Space Station, moments before they were scheduled to lift off.The launch was stopped by an automatic safety system about 20 seconds before the rocket's scheduled departure.Officials say a voltage drop and a power source triggered that alert.And this is a live look at Palm Beach, Australia.One of the big stories there tonight, Australia and the United Kingdom signed a new defense and security cooperation agreement. The defense ministers of both countries say the deal was required to meet contemporary challenges and to maintain a global rules-based order.Just some of the other stories, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): There's nothing sacred about 72 hours. The idea is you want to allow the legislation to be reviewed adequately by the members before they vote on it. We're the -- we're the party that believes in that principle. So, we're trying to maintain it even in a time crunch.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Speaker Mike Johnson talking there about the time allotted by rule in the House to read legislation as they're getting ready for another fiscal cliff, trying to avoid at least a partial government shutdown heading into the weekend and beyond. Where do things stand?Tonight, we're going to examine some of the major challenges facing President Biden in this election year and yes, that spending battle. Delaware Democratic Senator Chris Coons as national co-chair of the president's reelection campaign. And he's in the middle of all of the back and forth up on Capitol Hill.Senator, we heard from the speaker of the House, he's hinting there that they may speed things up to try to avoid at least somewhat of a partial shutdown. What does it look like in the Senate if that happens?SEN. CHRIS COONS (D-DE): So, folks, I've talked to them here, both Democrats and Republicans in the Senate, are cautiously optimistic that speaker Johnson will take up this bill and pass it Friday morning, allowing his members -- the House members in his caucus some time to read the bill. It is a significant bill. It's about $1.19 trillion, or 70 percent of our total overall annual budget.And Bret, that's because the Department of Defense is one of the six bills that's up for us to pass. I think we have to avoid a government shutdown at all costs. It sends a terrible signal globally for us to shut down the federal government.BAIER: It doesn't seem like voters or American citizens have a real view about what happens behind closed doors and this stuff gets put together.COONS: The American people want and deserve transparency in how we conduct this annual appropriations process. But you're right, that it takes too long, and it's quite a mess.BAIER: Yes. Senator, I want to talk about a couple of quick foreign policy issues that are bubbling up now, obviously, the Israel-Hamas situation with Gaza, and how the administration is dealing with that. But first, take a listen to Florida Governor Ron DeSantis. This is about the Haiti rescue efforts of American citizens there.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. RON DESANTIS (R-FL): It has been like pulling teeth to deal with some of these federal agencies. And the reality is, you have an easier time getting into this country illegally than you do just to be rescued as a United States citizen. How the hell does that make any sense?(END VIDEO CLIP)COONS: Look, I disagree with the governor that there has been no effort to rescue American citizens. Many American citizens have been rescued out of Haiti, we've been working for months and months to try and get a multilateral stability mission approved, funded and deployed to Haiti not using U.S. troops.BAIER: I'm going to point to the job performance numbers for President Biden here. And they're upside down as far as approval. Israel-Hamas at 31 percent, to 65 percent disapprove.For critics who look at the administration from an Israeli point of view, have you heard of any other country that says this is how you have to conduct a war after they've been attacked? That's where the critics are coming from.COONS: Well, look, we're in an unusual circumstance here. Because Israel is continuing to conduct combat operations against Hamas as they should to protect their citizens following the horrific October 7th attack, and to try and secure the release of the hostages that have been held by Hamas for 166 days.But they are operating in an environment where the neighbor to the south, Egypt, refuses to allow any of the Palestinians in Gaza to move out of the way of the military operations by Israel. What President Biden has conveyed to the Prime Minister and what I've also said to Prime Minister Netanyahu is, before you go into Rafah at scale with a ground offensive to finish the job against Hamas, you must relocate innocent civilians, there's nearly a million of them, because the civilian casualties in the operations in the rest of Gaza have been very high.BAIER: Yes, there's a lot of concern about civilian casualties, no doubt about it. And -- but I guess the critics would say that some of the change, some of the shift for the administration is coming from a political point of view and a concern about places like Michigan, and a concern about the Arab Americans and the progressives who have a real problem with this overall. And the thought about holding back possibly Israeli funds based on what they're facing, that's a real question mark.COONS: I don't think this is something that's just become a concern because of a primary in Michigan. I think this has been a concern from the very beginning. This is a thread that runs through every single conflict, our conduct in operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.Our troops had to observe the rules of war and do their best to avoid civilian casualties in how they targeted and how they conducted their operations. That's part of how democracies that are based on the rule of law conduct themselves in wars.BAIER: Last thing, as the co-chair of the campaign, you look at those approval numbers I put up upside down, you look at the swing state polls and where they are. And I've talked to you before how polls are a snapshot of time and don't mean that it defines the election.However, how do you characterize it quickly after the State of the Union address? Where do you think the campaign is at this moment?COONS: I think President Biden gave a strong and a forceful and a clear State of the Union address, where he laid out his objectives going forward. He made it clear he's optimistic, that he believes in the American people, that our economy continues to grow, that he's going to continue to fight to keep us safe and secure overseas. And he extended his hand to President Trump and said, let's work together to pass a bipartisan bill that would secure our southern border and allow us to continue to make progress on some of the challenging issues in front of us.BAIER: And you don't think that executive orders are coming down the pike on the immigration front?COONS: I know they've been considered. But I continue to think that the best step for us to take is to take up and pass the bipartisan bill that was negotiated at great length here by Republican Senator Lankford and Democratic Senator Murphy with Senator Sinema.I also think the house should take up and pass the supplemental that will fund Ukraine, fund Israel and fund humanitarian aid. My hope is that speaker Johnson will put that on the floor just after we clear these annual appropriations bills today or tomorrow.BAIER: All right, well, we will watch all of that. Senator Coons, as always, thanks for coming on SPECIAL REPORT.COONS: Thank you, Bret.BAIER: Up next, a big company leaves a small town in Iowa high and dry, we'll take you there.And later, Florida prepares for a surge of Haitian migrants.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The sister of "Wall Street Journal" Evan Gershkovich says it has been a difficult year for her family. Evan Gershkovich has been in Russian captivity since late last March. He's charged with espionage. Danielle Gershkovich spoke to the National Press Club today about communicating with her brother.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DANIELLE GERSHKOVICH, SISTER: Evan and I write letter back and forth, so that's -- it's about once a week. We are just mainly trying to support one another and make each other laugh. I'm just in awe of him. I don't think any of us really know what it would be like to be in that position.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Gershkovich and "The Wall Street Journal" both deny any espionage charges.Republicans are pushing the Senate to pass legislation requiring federal immigration officials to arrest, detain, and deport migrants who commit certain crimes. It's part of the reaction to the murder of a Georgia nursing student allegedly by a Venezuelan illegal immigrant. Here is senior national correspondent Rich Edson.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)JASON RILEY, FATHER: A man with an evil heart stole her life.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS STATE DEPARTMENT CORRESPONDENT: Laken Riley's father addressed the Georgia State Senate less than a month after his daughter's murder. Prosecutors have charged Jose Antonio Ibarra, a Venezuelan migrant.RILEY: He was in this country and in this state illegally. My vision for every senator in this chamber is that you protect citizens from this illegal invasion.EDSON: In the United States Senate, Republicans announced an effort to try to pass the Laken Riley Act, a bill that would mandate federal officials take into custody migrants who are in the United States illegally and accused of theft. Ibarra had been previously cited for shoplifting.SEN. PETE RICKETTS, (R-NE): This tragedy could have been avoided if ICE had detained Jose Ibarra. But time after time he was let go.EDSON: Two weeks ago, 37 Democrats joined Republicans to pass the bill in the House. It stuck in the Senate. Senator Ted Budd says is he going to try to attach the Laken Riley Act this week to the massive government spending bill. Democrats are instead pushing Republicans to support the bipartisan Senate immigration proposal.REP. JERRY NADLER, (D-NY): Rather than approaching this tragic event in a thoughtful manner, Republicans appear to have just thrown together language from existing unrelated bills that target and scapegoat immigrants to score cheap political points in an election year.EDSON: Budd was also asked about Laken's father comment that he feels his daughter is being used politically.SEN. TED BUDD, (R-NC): This is not about politicizing his daughter's name. This is about remembering her and this is about preventing tragedies like this from ever happening again.(END VIDEO TAPE)EDSON (on camera): Several Democrats just introduced legislation that would allow Immigrations and Customs Enforcement to obtain a warrant for any non-citizen charged with committing a felony or violent crime. A handful of the bill's sponsors are running for reelection in swing states like Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. Bret?BAIER: Rich, thank you.Breaking tonight, embattled New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez says he will not run in the Democratic primary in June. Menendez is facing federal bribery and corruption charges. He said a short time ago in a video, quote, "I am hopeful that my exoneration will take place this summer and allow me to pursue my candidacy as an independent Democrat in the general election." The senator's trial is scheduled to begin in early May.As mentioned before, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis is making preparations for a possible influx of Haitian migrants seeking to escape their nation's growing political and social problems. Correspondent Danamarie McNicholl has a bird's eye view of the operation tonight from Marathon, Florida.(END VIDEO TAPE)DANAMARIE MCNICHOLL, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: The State Department's mission to rescue Americans trapped in Haiti is underway with 30 Americans expected to be airlifted to the Dominican Republic daily. This afternoon, a chartered flight with more than 60 people landed in Miami. Over 160 U.S. citizens have been evacuated so far. A flight sponsored by the state of Florida with 14 Floridians arrived Wednesday.PHILIPPE ARMAND, FATHER: We are finally reunited with Julian (ph), our two-year-old son. It took about two-and-a-half weeks. So the days were turning into weeks.MCNICHOLL: Florida is preparing for an influx of migrants beefing up security to patrol the waters, hoping to send a message to Haitians considering fleeing to the United States.GOV. RON DESANTIS, (R-FL): It's not worth getting in a boat and doing that because the chance of you making it is very small. What's most likely to happen is you're going to get intercepted and go back.MCNICHOLL: Florida Fish and Wildlife say not a single Haitian boat has been spotted this year. The same mission continues in the air with the Florida Army National Guard.Right now, we're 500 feet above the Atlantic Ocean just east of the Florida Keys. This helicopter is equipped with cameras that quickly identify the boat and the passengers aboard the boat. This is all part of the detect, identify, and report mission.Hundreds of people from Haiti arrived in the Florida keys in 2023. The Monroe County sheriff says he is bracing for a similar surge and looking to the federal government for a plan.RICK RAMSAY, (R) MONROE COUNTY, FLORIDA, SHERIFF: How long would it take if I call and say I need more Border Patrol, I need transport. If I have 400 migrants, you know what, I need probably eight large buses to transport them somewhere. I don't have eight buses.(END VIDEO TAPE)MCNICHOLL (on camera): And the state of Florida has positioned additional law enforcement, National Guard, and supplies along its coast in anticipation for any Haitians arriving here in Florida. Bret?BAIER: Danamarie, thank you.The closing of a major food processing plant is hitting a small midwestern town extremely hard. Not only are the factory jobs leaving, but much of the town will also be affected now. And there is controversy of just who the company is hiring now. Senior correspondent Mike Tobin reports tonight from Perry, Iowa.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: The little town Perry, Iowa, is worried about its survival. The largest employer in this town is a Tyson Foods pork processing plant. More than 1,200 employees got a letter that the plant is closing, the paychecks are gone in June.TYE HEGSTROM, TYSON EMPLOYEE: It's scary paycheck to paycheck. Now that's going away. It hits you.TOBIN: The closure went public around the time a subcontractor for Tyson held a job fair in New York to hire new immigrants to the U.S. Accusing Tyson of firing citizens to hire immigrants, advocates on social media called for boycotts, and investors with the American Conservative Values electronically traded fund sold their shares in Tyson Foods.TOM CARTER, AMERICAN CONSERVATIVE VALUES ETF: We think American voters, American citizens are against that. And so on principle, we're going to boycott Tyson.TOBIN: Tyson told FOX News the job fair hired only 87 people and "Any insinuation that we would cut American jobs to hire immigrants is completely false. We closed our Perry plant for specific business reasons."Mayor Dirk Cavanaugh cares less about accusations and more about the future of his town.DIRK CAVANAUGH, (R) PERRY, IOWA, MAYOR: It's more than just the 1,200 jobs that were physically working there. It's going to affect the whole town and the whole community.TOBIN: The whole town from the restaurants to the buildings.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you don't have a stable income coming in like that, then you can't come out and have fun anymore.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, I do construction, so for sure it's going to affect my family.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's going to kill this town. All the people, they have a lot of people who live here who will have to go somewhere else to work, and maybe even find somewhere else to live.(END VIDEO TAPE)TOBIN: Several different aid organizations and advocacy groups are rallying around the cause of Perry, Iowa, first to make sure the laid off workers have food on the table, second, to try to get them placed in new jobs. Bret, back to you.BAIER: Mike Tobin in Perry, Iowa. Mike, thanks.Up next, the panel with the latest on the presidential race and the fundraising battles as well as that new video from the southern border.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(SHOUTING)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: When you look at this video it's pretty dramatic.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I haven't seen the video.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm playing it right now.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All right, thank you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There are border solutions that need to happen. We all agree, Republicans and Democrats both agree that border solutions are important.REP. PRAMILA JAYAPAL, (D-WA) CHAIR, PROGRESSIVE CAUCUS: The key thing is we actually have to reform immigration policy, because the more legal pathways we have, the last chaos we have at the border.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Chaos at the border, as you see that video from "The New York Post" where the wire, the razor wire has been ripped down. And the guards there overwhelmed as some of them are pushed through. This as there's new data out, about 200,000 deportation cases were tossed due to DHS, Department of Homeland Security failure to file paperwork. There are more and more of these border issues, and it continues to be, obviously, a major political issue as well.Let's bring in our panel, start there, Guy Benson, political editor at Townhall.com, host of "The Guy Benson Show" on FOX News Radio, "USA Today" White House correspondent Francesca Chambers, and Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.Guy, every day we see something, some element of the immigration story that's different. This one, as you look more into that video, it is pretty dramatic as they rush through the border past those guards.GUY BENSON, POLITICAL EDITOR, TOWNHALL.COM: It is. And you just cited that statistic about the 200,000 cases tossed because of what appears to be negligence from the Biden administration. That is a bad headline for them.And this video, I think, is more impactful even than some of those drone shots that we have gotten from Bill Melugin and his team and Griff Jenkins, and they have done great work down there, with huge numbers of people just walking and wading across the river. This one, I think, will probably anger people more because you have roughly 100, let's say dozens of people, who clearly do not have a right to be in this country, bull-rushing actual American officials, Texas officials, as it turns out, being sued by the Biden administration, a separate question. But U.S. officials or Americans saying you can't come in here right against the border. And those people having no regard for that authority and pushing past them, shoving them aside, and demanding to enter this country in a way that they don't have a right to do.I think many Americans will look at that video and having something of a visceral reaction, which is why I suspect the Biden team is keeping a careful eye on this one because the optics, which they care about so much, are terrible for them, worse than usual here.BAIER: Yes. Francesca, I know this is the first time you have seen the video, but the issue, obviously, is front and center. And the president has traveled out west. A lot of his speeches dealt with Latino voters this time. But if you look at the issue of immigration, and the latest FOX polls that track with other polls, 66 percent of voters disapprove of Biden's handling of immigration.And I asked Senator Coons about this and the numbers being upside down on all of these issues, economy, inflation, Israel, Hamas, but immigration probably the most significant. They're right now hanging their hat on that bipartisan bill, and we say bipartisan. It never really passed. Is that going to float them through this issue?FRANCESCA CHAMBERS, "USA TODAY": Well, that's exactly what they are trying to do, Bret. They are saying the president endorsed a piece of legislation that couldn't get through the House of Representatives, so this is now up to Congress to pass some sort of a bill relating to this.And this was part of the national security spending bill with the Israeli aid and Ukraine aid. And we heard earlier this week from Lindsey Graham saying that he still hopes that there is some sort of border security bill that would pass alongside that. So that is potentially something that could happen in the future, but it's just not something that lawmakers have been able to come to any sort of an agreement on so far, and not something that seems like it's likely to happen in the near term.BAIER: Yes, and, Matthew, I mean, just last thing on this. We talk around this in circles all the things the president could do today, tomorrow, the next day, that he is not doing. And then that video, obviously, exacerbates that situation.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: You look at that video and you see a disaster by design, the direct consequence of Biden administration policies now entering their fourth year, Bret. I think Donald Trump has been asking Americans this week quite prominently, are you better off today than you were four years ago? When you look at this footage, you see on the issue of immigration, America is much less secure than it was four years ago under Donald Trump. And the flow of migrants to the southern border is much greater under this president than under his predecessor. So I think that's why it's a winning issue for Trump, just as the rise in prices and the general sense of things being out of control are helping him lead Biden in the polls.BAIER: Speaking of former president, Guy, is he in a bit of a bind, trying to come up $454 million bond in New York. "Newsweek," "Joe Biden," the president, "joking about Donald Trump's debt problems," saying "Speaking at a campaign fundraiser in Dallas, Texas, Biden joked that a man had come up to him to discuss his heavy debts. He said just the other day this defeated looking man came up to me and said Mr. President, I need your help. I'm in crushing debt. I'm completely wiped out. Biden said he then responded, Donald, I'm sorry, I can't help you."I wonder how that plays? Here is former President Trump's attorney Alina Habba about forcing him to sell these properties to make this bond.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALINA HABBA, ATTORNEY FOR FORMER PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Forcing him to sell prized company such as Trump Tower, iconic properties like 40 Wall Street, to pursue his appeal is manifest injustice. And it deprives him of that due process that we are all entitled to. So imagine, you can't reverse selling off Trump Tower on a fire sale at a discounted price. We can't fix that if we win on an appeal. So it's complete injustice.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And, as you look at these properties, the Trump New York properties, they are iconic. Guy, the thought that the attorney general is going to move on these properties, to take them in response to not making this bond, in order to post for an appeal, how does that play?BENSON: I think it would raise evening more eyebrows. A lot of people even who aren't big Trump fans view that judgment as punitive. They have watched Letitia James taunting on social media about the debt that's been incurred and the interest that's racking up. And then if she moves in, basically try to claim the deed one to of these giant buildings, I think it would play very well within the resistance crowd. Among other Americans, I'm not as sure.And as for the joke from President Biden, I mean, his whole standard that he set for himself was to float above the lawfare, or at least plausibly do so, for his own reelection services, and, of course, he is the president, right? But for him to make that joke, again, will get applause and laughs in certain quarters. Whether it's viewed as spiking the football and really reveling in something that appears political to many Americans, that's a different question, and potentially risky, actually, for Biden in some ways.BAIER: Yes, Francesca, they are crowing about the campaign cash on hand. The Biden campaign stands at about $71 million currently to the Trump campaign at $33.5 million. But this issue specifically, of all these legal cases and how he is commenting on that is just interesting to see how independents and particularly suburban women will respond to that.CHAMBERS: Well, and it was a one-off comment when you look at the cash on hand, which is what they are touting today. You look at where Trump was and his cash on hand a month ago, he barely improved his position. Meanwhile, the Biden campaign and the Democratic National Committee, even as they are spending big in this election, keep racking up their cash on hand to be able to spend into the general -- in the general election. So they are just decidedly in a better position financially, which has then allowed Biden to do things like spend $30 million on advertising as Trump does have to pay into legal fees.And the RNC, by the way, and the DNC, they are paying for other things besides the presidential election. They are paying for down ballot races, too. So that's why those numbers are significant why the Trump campaign is definitely want to hustle to get some cash.BAIER: And quickly, Matthew, Marist poll is matching other polls in these swing states. You have got Trump holding a lead in North Carolina 51-48, the presidential race there. You look at Georgia and the new Marist poll, 51-47. So as the campaign cash goes up, as the travel goes up for the president, these poll numbers are not going up, and the approval numbers are still upside down.CONTINETTI: The polls show that money is overrated in politics, Bret. Trump has been spent in election after election, and he won in 2016 despite being outspent. Biden is spending all this money. Trump's numbers are staying the same and Biden's numbers aren't improving, in some cases they are sinking. The joke isn't on Trump. The joke is on Biden.BAIER: OK. We'll see how it plays. Panel, thanks so much.Up next, a special day for a World War II Ghost Army. We'll explain that next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: That is live look at the cherry blossoms. It is cherry blossom festival time, runs from March 20th to April 14th in D.C. Beautiful to look at, that's the Tidal Basin around the Thomas Jefferson Memorial. Thousands and thousands of visitors come to look at them every year. Not so great for the allergies.Finally tonight, a special day. A secret military unit from World War II finally recognized today. It is an amazing real-life drama from World War II. Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram, our resident historian, has the story of the Ghost Army that duped the Nazis.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: They never fired a gun, never parachuted behind enemy lines, but they did blow up tanks, as in inflatable tanks.BERNARD BLUESTEIN, GHOST ARMY VETERAN: They made these things out of neoprene rubber, and all we had to do was to inflate them with air.PERGRAM: It is said that war is business, but in case, show business. So as the curtain rose on the European theater, the U.S. Ghost Army staged a blockbuster. With prop tanks the Americans hoodwinked the Germans into thinking American troops were one place when they were actually someplace else. Voice actors read fake radio transmissions, diverting the Nazis along the Rhine. Stagecraft of the Ghost Army practically qualified for the Oscars.CHRSTINE WORMUTH, ARMY SECRETARY: We teach our army planners that the cornerstone of what we now call military deception operations is the story, and the Ghost Army were master storytellers.PERGRAM: Lawmakers under the ghost Army with highest honor, the Congressional Gold Medal.REP. MIKE JOHNSON, (R-LA) HOUSE SPEAKER: Because of the courageous work of this group, it is estimated that 15,000 to 30,000 lives were saved.PERGRAM: The Ghost Army staged nearly two dozen decoy operations in France, Luxemburg, Belgium, and Germany.CHRIS STEWART, (R) FORMER UTAH REPRESENTATIVE: They would plant themselves and have conversations in hotels or in cafes to, again, to deceive the enemy, as they would overhear these conversations.PERGRAM: The operations remain classified until the mid-1990s.SEN. ED MARKEY, (D-MA): The Ghost Army's tactics were meant to be invisible, but today their contributions will no longer remain unseen in the shadows.PERGRAM: Which means for members of the Ghost Army, it's finally time to take a bow.On Capitol Hill, Chad Pergram, FOX News.(END VIDEO TAPE)BAIER: Great story.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, Houthi terrorists partner with China and Russia. We'll bring that you story.Thank you for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" starts in just a minute.