SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.And tonight, let's get right to our top story. We are only 228 days away from the 2024 election and there is a major development out west. For the third day in a row -- well, the president of the United States, president failure, Joe Biden was seen in public away from the White House and not on vacation.That's almost miraculous. That's a record. Good boy, Joey. We're proud of you.Anyway today, he did travel to Texas for several ritzy campaign fundraisers. Now, across the state in El Paso -- well, there, mass chaos at our southern border, no shock, huge crowds of illegal immigrants -- look at this -- storming, storming protective barriers in a violent clash with border guards. Take a look.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: Probably any minute now, they'd be blaming Border Patrol. Remember, they blame the guys on the horses, they were whipping illegal immigrants. No, they weren't.Now, Joe did not have the time to see his border disaster up close and personal, which now looks like a scene straight out of an apocalyptic movie. Instead, Joe Biden was hobnobbing in Dallas, drinking glasses of champagne, in caviar, at a fundraiser for his campaign. He has no plans to visit the border, or even talk about the border.We have close to, what, 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants officially crossing into our country. He's the president. He's not enforcing the law and worse, he's aiding and betting in the law breaking. We have more people undetected every single day and that is more than the entire population of New York City, the largest city by population in the entire country.And, by the way, there's plenty of illegal immigrants there and they're often seem committing crimes like beating up cops in Times Square.And yet, Joe Biden doesn't seem even a little bit concerned. And, by the way, very few of Joe Biden's illegals have been deported. Look at how bad this is, 200,000 deportation cases were just thrown out of court. Why were they thrown out of court? Because the Department of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas and the bureaucrats at the DHS, they simply did not complete the required paperwork. In other words, they missed the deadline.Now, nobody's going to be held accountable, especially Mayorkas, who continues to, quote, lead the DHS despite getting impeached. They've all lied to us for three years, told us the border is secure. It was not. The border is closed. It was not.Now, few fears that some of the illegal immigrants currently enjoying life inside the U.S. would become so-called -- the new phenomenon -- squatters. You ever hear of squatters. They're people who look for empty homes. They break inside, then they move in.Many blue states have very strict laws in place preventing the homeowner from evicting squatters without a lengthy and very expensive legal process.I know a guy that went through nearly five years in court to get a squatter, a guy not paying his rent, out of his house, costing him a fortune.And get this one, TikTok, well, they have one user and this has gone viral, he's filming a step-by-step guide in Spanish for illegal immigrants that want to become squatters. But again, no one in the Biden administration seems to care.Meanwhile, an illegal immigrant from Colombia covered in gang tattoos and wearing a bullet necklace was arrested by authorities who found images of people getting brutally tortured on his phone. Now, he was caught trying to cross the border near El Paso, where Joe Biden was and he was drinking champagne in Dallas.Now this, that's where this video that we showed you was filmed. We showed you moments ago, chaos, anarchy, violence, human trafficking, drug trafficking, violent cartels. Now, we also know terrorists from overseas countries, our top geopolitical foes, an utter nightmare, unmitigated disaster, a recipe for death and destruction, a horror show now spreading to every city, every town every neighborhood across the country, all while your President Joe is sipping wine at a fundraiser in Dallas, totally unbothered by the crisis he himself created.Joining us now with more, "The New York Post" reporter who's at the scene of where that video took place today, Jennie Taer.We'll -- we'll also show this as you give us this report. You were there. You saw it. Kind of looked scary to me. Was it scary for you on the ground?JENNIE TAER, NEW YORK POST TEXAS REPORTER: Yes, I was there with my photographer James Breeden (ph), and we were completely taken aback by the chaos that ensued within just seconds. You know, these migrants were separated into two groups. There were 300 male adults mostly, and then there were another 300 women and children.The women and children were going to be taken for processing by Border Patrol. The Texas National Guard here on state orders was taking small groups of the single adults and pushing them back into Mexico. Well, they didn't like that, and eventually they realized what was happening.They realized that their fate wasn't going to be to get processed and released into the United States, and so they decided that rioting and basically encircling Texas National Guard who were totally outnumbered in a very violent situation, they were banging on the border wall, they were pushing against the Texas National Guard, there were physical altercations and it couldn't be controlled by those authorities.HANNITY: Yeah, did I lose Jennie? I don't know if we might have lost her there. I think we might have but -- you can -- you can see.Okay, okay, okay. So let me ask you this, Jennie, while you're here, I'm looking at this and it's almost like as they're doing it and then after they finished with, you know, this attack against our own border patrol agents that they literally like holding up their hands in celebratory fashion like the hell with you, are those the people that were letting into the country, that some Democrats now are even openly saying like -- I believe a Senate candidate in Maryland, that they want now to be all to become full citizens? Is that what -- is that the reward for that behavior?TAER: These people -- yeah, these people were processed by Border Patrol. Border Patrol took them into custody and charge them with the same thing they charged people that they release into the country with court dates. That's what they did for them, and this is the consequence that they received for this.And migrants all across the world get that message, including the Ibarra brothers who came through El Paso just like these individuals did, were processed by Border Patrol, were released into the country with court dates and this is what happened. We saw the result of that, the tragic murder of Laken Riley in Georgia. And that's just one instance.Another instance is a few days ago, you had a man who admitted that he was a Hezbollah terrorist and we confirmed that he is on the terror watch list. He told health personnel at the Border Patrol facility here that he was intending to make a bomb. He was also charged with the same thing these migrants who are processing really are charged with and he could have been released had he not self-admitted that he was a terrorist because it took more than six days to get his terror watch list confirmation from border patrol.HANNITY: All right. Great report, Jennie. We appreciate it.And I've been saying it is when not if that, there's going to be an attack. The terrorist cells now have absolutely entered the country, and Joe Biden still has no sense of urgency at the problem he created himself. He doesn't need Republican Party help. He literally -- they bragged. Mayorkas was bragging, oh, the list is too long to give you in terms of all of the Trump policies that we rescinded with a stroke of a pen.They could put those successful policies back in place. They won't do it. They don't care. We know terrorists crossing that border and when they attack this country, and I pray to God I'm wrong, they will all have blood on their hands.Now, Democrats also tonight, they're in panic mode, and they're not just worried about Donald Trump. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, MSNBC HOST: These third party candidates are a huge, huge, huge problem and there's a number of them. If you look at RFK, Jr., it's the name recognition issue as Tom was just talking about and there are still states in this country -- obviously, I mean, Georgia is one of them I will name where the Kennedy name is beloved, right, where people may just not still -- where they may just not know a lot about the fact that he is an anti-vaxxer who's a conspiracy theorist. They don't know that yet.So this is something -- there is an aggressive effort that the campaign has been working with the Democratic National Committee on to run on this, but it needs to be broad, people need to be shouting it from the rooftops because this is -- the one of the biggest threats to Joe Biden being reelected.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, circle back Jen Psaki probably given poor liberal Joe a heart attack.Anyway, she now does the exact same job that you was doing in D.C. but at the conspiracy theory channel or conspiracy theory central, MSDNC.Now, people like Jen Psaki, almost every other Democrat is extremely worried about RFK, Jr., and other third party candidates, were typically more charismatic, more coherent than their buddy Joe. But Joe's problems don't end there. Major Democratic donors just issued a letter blasting Biden's Israel -- Israel policy, demanding that he abandon our number one ally and become a little more pro-Hamas in order to secure his base in Michigan.He's already stabbed our closest ally in the back along with Senator Chuck Schumer, calling for elections, while Israel is in the middle of a war for their very survival. All driven by what? One thing. Political ambition.No principle here. Israel stood by America after 9/11. We should be standing by them after the worst terror attack in their history. But they're not? Pretty pathetic.Meanwhile out in Arizona, Nevada where illegal immigration is a top issue, Biden trails at almost every poll. The president's prospects were looking bleak. Democrats are now counting on the weaponized DOJ of Joe Biden to lend them a helping hand for the past several months. Far left government lawyers all across a country, they have been cooking up charges, all designed to distract Donald Trump for the next 228 days during the election.For example, President Trump's bond from the New York civil fraud case that stands at an unprecedented half a billion dollars for an alleged civil offense no victims a full disclaimer and a judge that stands by the worst valuation ever made in the history of mankind -- a valuation of Mar-a-Lago at 18 million when a two-acre lot, not a 22-acre estate on the ocean and inter coastal, but a two-acre lot, just on the ocean with no house on it, just selling in palm beach for 200 million. Extrapolate out that math.The state of New York, they are trying to force a fire sale of President Trump's properties across several states and now, the New York attorney general who ran on a campaign to destroy him and his organization and his family, they're gearing up with great glee to seize Donald Trump's Westchester golf course if he doesn't come up with the half of billion dollars in cash that even Mark Cuban acknowledges no billionaire has just sitting in a bank somewhere.Now, of course, this does send a chilly message to everyone who does business in New York they disagree with your politics, your property, your livelihood, your freedom, your liberty, it will all be seized but you can - - before you can even file are get an appeal. You'll be totally and complete the canceled.Here with reaction, the host of "Kudlow" on the FOX Business Network -- Business Channel, Larry Kudlow, along with former senior Clinton advisor and pollster Mark Penn, and FOX News contributor Kellyanne Conway.Kellyanne, we start with you. Between the issue, if you look at the border, I know the giggling trio of conspiracy theorists at MSNBC, they laugh at the exit polls that show the state of Virginia, that the number one issue on the minds of people in Virginia was immigration, where a 14-year-old girl was raped by an illegal immigrant, this on the heels of what happened to Laken Riley. By the way, not Lincoln, Laken Riley.And, you know, I raised this because are they really that out of touch with the American people on this issue? Are they out of touch with how they feel?KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, they are and no one more so than Joe Biden and his so called border czar, Kamala Harris. The polls show this. The disaffection with Joe Biden is coming from inside the house. He is underperforming Donald Trump in all six wing states and particularly as goes each man vis-a-vis their party.So Joe Biden averages somewhere in the 70s, low to mid 70s in terms of Democratic support in each of the swing -- six swing states, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, Georgia, Arizona, Nevada, Donald Trump is anywhere from 81 percent to 91 percent, why is that important? Because if you have attrition in your core constituencies, African-Americans, Hispanics, women, people in the suburbs, young people, political independents, you open up -- you expose yourself to third party challenges. RFK, Jr., Jill Stein and Cornel West are all eating into Joe Biden, none of them are really taking anything significant from Donald Trump in terms of vote tally.You mentioned Nevada, this is important. A Republican has not carried the state of Nevada presidentially since 2004. Twenty years ago, Donald Trump is beating Joe Biden in the polls in Nevada. Nevada has the -- the highest unemployment rate, one of the highest housing costs compared to wages in the country.And it is the only state that went from a blue governor -- Democratic governor to Republican governor in 2022. That's the kind of state that Donald Trump can flip and it's all because of what you're showing, people know what they see, not what the Democrats say.They see the borders out to control, 60 percent disapprove of Joe Biden's handling of Israel, over 60 percent disapprove of his handling of the economy and inflation and separately of the border and immigration. It's not a big mystery.HANNITY: Mark Penn -- Mark, you've been doing polling like Kellyanne for a long time, I -- we really saw this on display in the strongest way during the State of the Union or jacked up Joe, and that was he was going so hardcore after his base that there was no reaching across the aisle. This - - this was a speech I'd expect at a at a convention at the DNC, and he Biden is down 22 points with Hispanic Americans right now from where he was in 2022. He is down 30 points with African-Americans, double digits, he's down with suburban women and young people.That is the base of the Democratic coalition. I don't know -- what is he -- what can he say or do to get those people back? Maybe half of them will return home, but the people that are feeling the economy don't like what they're seeing on their screen right now with immigration, the people that don't like what's going on worldwide in America abdicating its role on the world stage, the price of everything, law and order is deteriorating in big cities and small towns, they're looking at their lives and they're not saying they're better off than they were four years ago.How does he get those people back or can he?MARK PENN, CHAIRMAN OF THE HARRIS POLL: Well, look, I think you're quite right that that Joe Biden has to look more at the center of the country, and the suburbs and those swing voters, and not sorry so much about the base. Don't worry, those base voters will come back in the end when they're faced with a stark choice between Democrats and Republicans and Trump and Biden.But he's got to do more. He's got to solve the immigration problem He's got to solve the immigration problem because that has skyrocketed to number 1. He's got to do something about the inflation and the high housing --(CROSSTALK)HANNITY: Mark, I'm going to give you all your time, hang on a second.For three years, he said the border is safe and closed and secure. He lied. Now, he's trying to blame Republicans. You're saying that in the final 228 days, he can, all of a sudden, pull out of his hat an answer to the border crisis he himself created? I don't believe that's possible.PENN: Well, look, I think the polls and I agree with Kellyanne on this. His lowest ratings right now our own immigration, which didn't matter much during most of the three years, but now it shot up to be the top issue of the country, he's got to do a better job addressing it. He's got to really both show compassion to people like DACA recipients but most importantly, do something about what most voters think is an open border.I don't think he has any choice. It's the absolute key to what he's got to do to try to get back here to even -- he's losing by Donald Trump by a few points and immigration is that number 1 issue. He's got to address inflation, got to address crime, education, sure.He's got core issue like abortion and climate change but we know those. Rally the base at the end. Go for swing voters now.HANNITY: I'm listening to you but I'm sure you're right that some of those people will come home. But I'm sure many won't either. And I would argue, Larry Kudlow, that the reason they will not be so inclined to get home because they don't like what they're seeing on the border.They don't like what they see in their grocery store. They don't like that their dollar is not going anywhere near as far as it was four years ago. They don't like defund, dismantle and no bail laws. They don't like high gas prices. They don't like any of it. Why should they?LARRY KUDLOW, FBN HOST: Well, first of all, thank you for having me.And I want to go back to those pictures, incredible pictures. That is an invasion of the state of Texas and it is an invasion of the United States by a mob -- a mob of illegals. And that picture which runs throughout the country is a message that there is no safety, no security and no law and order.I mean, Trump calls it Biden's immigration crime and that crime is not just down there in El Paso or Texas, that crime has become nationwide. You know, the story in New York, $4.5 billion of stolen goods from the stores, who knows, it probably is even greater than that. So that picture is important.Mark Penn is a very smart guy, and he's an old friend of mine, but the fact remains, Biden will not close the border. When he was inaugurated, the next couple days, he undid by executive orders all of the Trump guards against the kind of picture we're seeing in El Paso. He took out the remain in Mexico. He took out the wall. He increased the parole. He increased the asylum.And again, it's not just the fact that all these illegal mobs are coming in, which is bad enough. It just sends a picture that there is no law, no order, no safety, no security and remember, Trump is building this phenomenal middle class working folks coalition of whites of Latino, Hispanics, of Blacks. Take a look at the numbers, they're phenomenal.These are people who -- they're losing money, their real wages are going down, prices are still high, 20 percent increase in the CPI, 20 percent increase in groceries, 30 percent increase in energy, their mortgage rates and mortgage costs if they want to buy a home, over 70 percent on the rate, it probably cost you another 1,200, 1,500 bucks than it did a year ago -- three years ago.Car purchases, you got to pay about 10 percent on that rate. Credit card purchases, you got to pay about 25 percent on that rate. So you have these economic pressures, you have these fears of law and order and you have pictures of literally an invasion of the United States by a lawless mob. It is absolutely astounding and I do not think Biden will lift one finger to change that. I don't see any evidence that he wants to change that.HANNITY: That ship has sailed. And like you, I've known -- I've known Mark a long time.Mark, you're going to smile because you know what I'm about to say is true -- you would have told him to pivot two and a half years ago, true or false? Last answer?KUDLOW: Yes, yeah.PENN: Absolutely true. I've been saying this for a while. Pivot to the middle, that's where this election going to decided.HANNITY: Well, guess what? He didn't listen and he can't catch up. That ship has sailed. That's my prediction. Let's see who's right.All right. Thank you all. Appreciate you being with us.Coming up, whistleblower has now come forward claiming that the CIA -- listen to this -- this is the cover up here, blocked federal investigators from interviewing, you know, the guy that we call or refer to as Hunter Biden's sugar brother? The guy they gave him millions, the guy Kevin Morris? Yeah, they prevented him from being interviewed during Hunter's tax probe.Congressman Jim Jordan has that detail, those details, coming up straight ahead as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Welcome back to HANNITY.A whistleblower has now come forward to allege that the CIA intervened to prevent Hunter Biden's sugar brother. Remember we've told you all about him? That's the L.A. attorney Kevin Morris who gave Hunter all that money. They prevented him from being interviewed during the investigation into Hunter's taxes.Now Chairman Jim Jordan and James Comer, they have launched an investigation, writing to the CIA director, quote, two DOJ officials allegedly summoned to CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia, for a briefing regarding Mr. Morris. At that meeting, it was communicated that Morris could not be a witness during the investigation.All right. Here with more on this mystery is House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan. Okay, this makes no sense to me.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yeah.HANNITY: Is he working for the CIA?JORDAN: We don't know if he's an asset. We don't know if he's regularly talking with someone who is being surveilled maybe under the 702 program in the FISA statute. We just don't know, but we'd like to know because again, this is not just anybody. This is Kevin Morris. As you said, Sean, the guy who has loaned and or bought millions of dollars for Hunter Biden, loaned him like $6 million, bought like I think a million dollars in artwork, you know, artwork from Hunter Biden.So we'd kind of like to know what's going on here, and this all happened before the sweetheart deal was taken to the court in last -- last summer, you know the sweetheart deal that was laughed out of court and then, of course, the DOJ says, oh, the guy who made put the sweetheart deal together who takes it to court gets laughed out of court, that's the guy we're going to make special counsel. There are so many things wrong with this investigation that we think frankly the American people deserve answers too, and that's why Chairman Comer and I have sent the letter finding out, you know, why couldn't they talk to the guy.HANNITY: All right. So this is what we've had. In 2016, we had the FBI involved in helping Hillary, followed up by the absolute abuse of a FISA warrant, even James Comey who signed three of the four warrants said, knowing what I know now, I would not -- I would not have signed them, a little -- too little, too late. No reasonable prosecutor would prosecute, that other big moment.Then we had in 2020, we had the FBI meeting weekly with big tech, telling big tech they're likely going to be victims of a misinformation campaign and it's probably going to be about Joe or Hunter Biden after they had fully vetted and verified the authenticity of Hunter's very real laptop. They knew -- they knew Rudy Giuliani's lawyer Bob Costello had a copy, they knew it was going to leak.Then when they finally leaked it, then they went to the FBI and said, is this what you were warning us about or is this a legitimate story? The FBI wouldn't tell them the truth. On top of the fact, you had the 51 intel agents.So, you know judge me whatever you -- whichever way you want, but call me one of the suspicious people. I don't -- I don't trust what's going on here. Something doesn't smell right, Jim Jordan.JORDAN: No, it sure doesn't. And, you know, I think the biggest thing in that -- that whole list in -- of things that they've done in these several -- in the past several presidential elections, the -- really the big one was that 51 former intel officials who signed that letter, because remember, that actually started when we depose people. That started with the campaign.It was -- it was Antony Blinken who called up Mike Morell. Mike Morell who wanted to be CIA director in a Biden administration and ask him about this whole issue. Mike Morell goes to work, puts together the statement that says this has all the earmarks of a Russian information operation, these guys sign it. They use it in the last debate and then when the debate's over, Steve Ricchetti running a campaign for Joe Biden calls up Mike Morell and thanks him for the statement.It worked exactly like they planned and I think that was the big election interference in 2020 campaign, keeping that valuable information from we the people right before the most important election we have, the presidential election.So, yeah, all this comes along and now we hear about this? So many strange things, we just want the facts, we want the truth and we'd like the Justice Department, the FBI to just stay out of the election and let we the people decide who we want to be president of our great country.HANNITY: So we have all these shell corporations. We -- we have -- you have not identified any specific work or performance or actions for the millions and millions of dollars that this family has. Even the grandchildren, what services did they perform? What did Hunter perform?Then Joe on tape bragging he leveraged a million taxpayer dollars, got a prosecutor in Ukraine fired, Hunter admits he has no experience in energy, oil, gas, or Ukraine. He didn't have experience for the CEFC, China's oil conglomerate. He says he was either high or drunk when he sent the WhatsApp message, but it seemed pretty coherent to me for a guy that was out of his, quote, mind.And all of this information is out there and people say ,well, where's the evidence?JORDAN: Yeah.HANNITY: And I'm like what -- what -- what part of this smells right to you because it's all pretty obvious. Tony Bobulinski was pretty clear yesterday.JORDAN: He sure was. He did -- he did a fine job, so did -- so did Jason Galanis.Yeah, millions of dollars from foreign entities run through like 20 different companies for what? Jim Biden and Hunter Biden weren't getting paid for their business acumen because they -- they -- if you look, they owe all kinds of people all kinds of money, hundreds of thousands of dollars. So, it wasn't for their -- what were they getting paid for?Hunter Biden's business partner told us it was for access to the brand, the brand was Joe Biden, and the brand played golf, took phone calls, took meetings, went to lunches, went to dinners with Hunter Biden and his business associates and influenced the business. That I think came out loudly and clearly yesterday in the hearing from both Mr. Bobulinski and Mr. Galanis.HANNITY: And enough evidence that that proves candidate Joe Biden and President Joe Biden lied through his teeth. I never once talked to my son, my brother or anybody for that matter about their foreign business deals. No, he was having dinner at the Cafe Milano and calling in and making conference calls when the big meetings were going on, uh-hmm. But he did nothing, never talked about it.JORDAN: Sure was.HANNITY: All right. Jim Jordan, thank you.Straight ahead tonight, former NBC executive walking back a very bizarre comment that he made about Barron Trump on his 18th birthday, saying -- well, we'll tell you what he said about Trump's youngest child for -- when we come back. We'll check in with Charles Payne as well, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Now, a former NBC executive drawing massive and justifiable criticism tonight after posting a very disturbing tweet on Barron Trump's 18th birthday this week, saying Donald Trump's son is now, quote, fair game. The former NBC executive since deleted the X post and said that he does not wish physical harm on anyone.Joining us now with reaction, he's the host of "Making Money with Charles Payne" on FOX Business, Charles Payne.First, I've met this young man. This kid is smart as hell, he's a handsome young kid, he's got -- he's great. He's smart. He's intelligent and he's 18 years old.What the hell is wrong with a former news executive that he wants to go after an 18-year-old kid? There's got to be a screw loose somewhere here.CHARLES PAYNE, FBN HOST: You know, Sean, the most important thing that you're saying is that Barron is a kid, he's still a child. And this executive suggesting or hint -- saying that he had no idea that fair game could be -- could be interpreted a certain way. Someone who was in the media industry, someone who understands words and how powerful they are, he picked those words specifically because of the power behind them.And it's -- it's not a sickness per se, it's a vitriolic hate it's a hatred so deep so ingrained that the people who get to pull the string (VIDEO GAP) are the ones who are driving us into the ground. They're really crushing us.HANNITY: I thought we lost you there for a second. Welcome back. You kind of got frozen up there for a second, Charles.You know, it was funny during the Obama years and I was -- I couldn't stand the presidency or the policies, it was never personal for me, but people would say, Hannity, can you ever say anything nice about the Obamas? I say, yeah, I can. They seem like good parents. They seem like they raised two really, really great daughters. And I meant it.And, well, Hannity you go after Hunter Biden. The guy's 50 some odd years old. He's not a kid, very big difference.Moving on, the well-being of Americans, by the way, is plummeting under Joe Biden. Look at this, according to the 2024 for world happiness report, our country, the U.S. did not make the list of the top 20 happiest countries for the first time in the report's 12 year history. The U.S. dropped to 23 after coming in at number 15 last year. The data shows this is largely due to a low -- a life satisfaction among Americans under 30 and a sense of social disconnect.Now, I wonder, could the fact that law and order has broken down in many big cities and small towns, is that a part of it? Is Biden inflation and the struggles financially people are going through, is that a part of it? Because you know what? If 60 percent of our country are living paycheck to paycheck like they are, that's a lot of stress, Charles.I've been there. I live that way. It's -- there's a lot of pressure behind that.PAYNE: There's a difference though between folks and generations that live this way in the past because you're right, this is not necessarily new. A hallmark of America has been the way -- the reason, the way we've been able to work our way out of this, you know, there's a lot of things going on right now. One thing they call for instance doom spending, where young folks are just spending every nickel they have and borrowing money, maxing out their credit cards not because they're frivolous and not even because of so-called YOLO or FOMO.It's just because they have zero hope in the future. And that's one of the things an elected leader has to do. You know, the person in the White House has to be the CEO of America. When I say CEO of America, chief excitement officer, you have to make us love this nation, embrace this nation and every single body, everybody in this nation should feel a part of its future, instead of separating us, dividing us, chastising us and brow beating some of us for not being on the same political ideology as you.That has failed and by the way, the 30 -- the 30 to 40 year olds are plunging right now because they cannot afford to raise their families.HANNITY: Yep, and telling you, you must buy an EV by 2030. You can't eat meat, no gas stoves, no refrigerators, no air conditioners. Gee, thanks, Joe.Let me ask you this, is Joe Biden trying now to buy votes ahead of November because earlier today, the president announced in spite of a Supreme Court ruling, yet another round of student loan forgiveness totally nearly another $6 billion for public service workers, bringing the grand total of student debt cancellation to almost a $150 billion?Can you explain to me, Charles, why I have to pay back my student loan, why so many Americans that if -- have to pay the loans that people willingly took on themselves? Why would the taxpayers ever be responsible for that? And why does Joe not listen to the Supreme Court?PAYNE: Well, Joe doesn't care about the Supreme Court, and I think they made that clear on many, many occasions, include the State of the Union where his vitriol -- his disdain for the Supreme Court at the State of the Union was shocking to be quite frank. And we knew that he and other Democrats do not like the three branches of government.They've already mitigated Congress, they'd love to kick out the Supreme Court and just make it the executive branch.Having said that, this is a Democratic Party that is only for the wealthy, only for those who are doing extraordinarily well. And what they do is they hijack programs like earn income tax credit, foods -- food credits, things like that and they give it to folks who are doing extraordinarily well at the expense of taxpayers who aren't. It is really crazy to see. It's obscene and it's un-American.HANNITY: Well, it's just unbelievable actually.Charles Payne, great to see you. Thank you, sir.When we come back, remember the Gold Star father, the one arrested at Biden's State of the Union? Well, finally, the charges were dropped against him, thank God. He will join us for an update and an exclusive interview, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Earlier this month, during Biden's State of the Union, Gold Star father Steve Nikoui, whose son was killed during Biden's disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal at Karzai International Airport, was inexplicably arrested after briefly interrupting Biden's State of the Union with a message, a simple one but a profound one.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The year before I took office, murder rates are up 30 percent.STEVE NIKOUI, GOLD STAR FATHER: Do you remember Abbey Gate?BIDEN: Thirty percent they went up.NIKOUI: United States Marines, Kareem M. Nikoui.BIDEN: The biggest increase in history.NIKOUI: 2n Battalion, 1st Marines!BIDEN: It was then through no -- through my American Rescue Plan.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, Mr. Nikoui was arrested, charged with misdemeanor, disturbance of public peace, a charge that carries up to 90 days in jail.Thankfully, finally, this week, it should have happened immediately, the authorities in D.C. have come to their senses and the D.C. attorney general finally dropped the charges.Steve Nikoui is back with us for an exclusive reaction on this, and Congressman Darrell Issa who's been very helpful in this as well.Mr. Nikoui, I'm sorry it took so long. As I said before, it should have happened immediately knowing what you've gone through. I'm sure you're relieved to say the least?NIKOUI: Yeah, thank you, Sean, for having us. I am really relieved. There was a lot of pressure. I was -- I was scared.But I was ready to do whatever I had to do, you know, for my actions.But I want to thank, you know, Congressman Issa who from that night, you know, said, I'm not going to -- I'm not going to leave you alone. You know, we're going to -- we're going to -- we're going to take care of you, and he did it.And so did Congressman Waltz and my friend Brian Mast, and Mills. And I appreciate that. And I'm in awe of them because of that. I was scared and they never left me.HANNITY: Yeah. Well, I'm -- I'm glad for you.And, Congressman Issa, I've known you for a long time. And I know when you commit to something you do.Why -- why this was -- why was this even a thought? I mean, once they realized that he was only talking about Abbey's Gate and his son who never should have lost his life because of Biden's, you know, bungled withdrawal, he has every right to say his son's name and remind the president. I'm sorry but he never should have gotten -- charged in the first place.REP. DARRELL ISSA (R-CA): You're exactly right, Sean. In the past, there have been interruptions that quite frankly were more deliberate and less justification, and they were not charged. And that's something that Congressman Ken Calvert and Mike Waltz and Brian Mast and all of us kept making a point of, finally writing official letters and pushing hard with the sergeant at arms.And with the help of the sergeant at arms, we were able to convince the D.C. attorney general that this was inappropriate and that ultimately the House was not interrupted in any significant or unusual way.HANNITY: Yeah.Well, Mr. Nikoui, let me ask you this. I understand and I saw testimony, people like the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs, General Milley, that you had contact with him. My understanding is that the military did not support the operation being done this way, that they had very different plans for a peaceful withdrawal, that would have gotten not only every American out, but all of the allies that helped us to many years our troops were there, and would have gotten our military equipment out and instead of leaving billion of dollars of equipment in the hands of the Taliban.How did that meeting go with General Milley?NIKOUI: Yeah, Sean. So early this week, we did have an opportunity. Some of the Abbey Gate families, as well as myself, which represents a larger coalition of the families, had an opportunity to sit down with him in a roundtable.I found him to be empathetic and understanding to our cause surrounding our children's death. And I respected the fact that, you know, he was able to look us in the eyes as we were able to tell him some pretty disheartening information about our family. He was committed to, you know, helping us get the -- get the facts and the answers that we need.But, you know, Sean, let me -- let me make sure that everybody understands, we're going to make sure he is held accountable to what he's promised us, and that his promises are upheld, and that, you know, we can get the answers that we need to get from this administration concerning this disastrous withdrawal.HANNITY: Yeah. Mr. Nikoui, I know words don't really offer a lot of comfort for people like you or people like Laken Riley's family when the something like that happens, but your son was a hero, this never should have happened. I don't believe if Donald Trump was president, he would have allowed the Taliban to march all the way to Karzai Airport and then have a hasty withdrawal like that.But our prayers are with you and your family.And, Congressman Issa, thank you for all you did here and all your fellow congressmen that got involved. We appreciate it a lot. Thank you.All right. When we come back, you're not going to believe this, but the family of the teenage girl charged -- remember that a brutal beating in Missouri? Well, allegedly now claiming she's the real victim. Excuse me?Kevin Corke has a live report, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Now, for an update on the story we told you about last week, we showed you this horrible video, 16-year-old girl being brutally beaten. I mean, look at this, by another teen in Missouri.Part of this fight honestly is so horrific as you look at this. I mean, you know, banging your head into the cement. We can't even show you on TV.The victim Kaylee Gain sustained life-threatening injuries and as a -- as of yesterday still unconscious from that beating. But now the family of the teen charged in the attack is reportedly now claiming she's the real victim?Kevin Corke with the very latest.Kevin, explain that one.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Sean, listen, I can barely watch that video. You and I have talked about this. I mean, it is so seriously disturbing and yet even tonight in spite of what you've seen, what millions across this country have seen, the family of the alleged -year-old attacker says she's an honor student and she was harassed and bullied by the victim before the fight we all saw on video.Now, the girl, of course, has been charged with felony assault and is being held by St. Louis family court with a hearing expected in early April.Meantime, the young woman you see there, 16-year-old Kaylee Gain left in a life-threatening condition suffering a skull fracture and frontal lobe damage during that attack.Now, Missouri's AG Andrew Bailey is saying we're all looking for justice. I think most Americans agree with that, Sean.HANNITY: Our prayers are with that young lady and her family.Thank you, Kevin.All right. Let not your heart be troubled. "GUTFELD!" is next. He'll put a smile in your face. Thanks for being with us.