NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Read it and leap, Dow 39000, first time we have closed over that.And a lot of that has to do, in deference to what we're just talking about, going back to the moon, everyone is going back to technology, and all because of a company called Nvidia that blew away all estimates and added some Street cred to the notion that artificial intelligence isn't artificial at all. It's real and it's making real money.And, today, it sent a lot of stocks into real record territory, not only the Dow at a record today, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq, rich in all those big technology names also moving into record territory. And that had a lot of people thinking, all right, maybe we get the hat trick going.It pulled back a little bit on that tech-rich average, but look at Nvidia. Just to put it in perspective, my friends, if you had invested in this stock about five years ago, you would have $20,000. If you were lucky enough to see its promise 10 years ago, that same thousand bucks, you would have $160,000 today.Now, let's say you didn't do that. A lot of people are looking at this as forward-looking, as a sign of things to come and the promise of artificial intelligence. We shall see.Welcome, everybody. I'm Neil Cavuto.Let's get right to it, because this is a company that really kind of got contagious at the corner of Wall and Broad and way beyond. By the way, because of its strong earnings numbers, it lifted Japan too, rich in technology stocks, that average yearly or weirdly closing above 39000 as well, the highest ever, just like the Dow, the highest ever.Lauren Simonetti keeping track of it all.Hey, Lauren.LAUREN SIMONETTI, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: It's unbelievable.This is the Taylor Swift moment for technology. Nvidia is doing to tech what Taylor Swift does to music, right? And it's happening before our very eyes. Take a look at Nvidia right behind me, you can see up 16 percent, closing at a record $784 a share, market cap just under $2 trillion, meaning it's now bigger than Google and Amazon.Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang says, we are in year one of this 10-year cycle to spread artificial intelligence to every single industry.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)JENSEN HUANG, CEO, NVIDIA: Generative A.I. has kicked off a whole new investment cycle to build the next trillion dollars of infrastructure of A.I. generation factories.We believe these two trends will drive a doubling of the world's data center infrastructure installed base in the next five years and will represent an annual market opportunity in the hundreds of billions.(END VIDEO CLIP)SIMONETTI: Last quarter, profits of $12.3 billion, increasing over 700 percent from a year ago. Sales topped $22 billion.They tripled. And Nvidia says they're going to hit $24 billion this quarter, unbelievable numbers. You can say this tree, Neil, appears to grow to the sky. Didn't think that could happen, but it's happening right now, investors obviously reaping the rewards.And it's not just for Nvidia. Supermicro, they make software and servers for A.I., their shares up 750 percent in the past 52 weeks. Chipmakers AMD and Broadcom, they have doubled in the past year.And, Neil, when you look at the Magnificent Seven, they're all surging today, right? So it's not just Nvidia. Meta shares, they too hit an all- time high. They're using artificial intelligence obviously for their Metaverse.But back here on planet Nasdaq, even the Nasdaq composite flirted with an all-time record close. It's about 16 points shy, but really this rising tide that is Nvidia is lifting all boats.CAVUTO: It is amazing. Lauren, thank you, as is that analogy with Taylor Swift. Brilliant. Brilliant.When I think Taylor...SIMONETTI: I was going to use Adele.CAVUTO: Yes, you're going -- well, I know. I know.But she kind of some Debbie Downer songs, so it's probably just as well. Love her just the same.Just like I love this next guy. I compare him to sort of like a male market version of Taylor Swift, Scott Martin of Kingsview Asset Management.Scott, you and I talked about this tech rally. And you can't really fight the tape on this. And a lot of people say, well, it could be like an early Internet boom, but we know that one went bust. But I hasten to add, a lot of that boom went bust because there were a lot of companies that weren't really scoring any big earnings, that were really big players, and they proved big disappointments.In the case of Nvidia, it's making money hand over fist. So there's money to be made an artificial intelligence, and nothing artificial about that. What do you think?SCOTT MARTIN, FOX BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: Not at all.Webvan being a name that I remember well that my parents lost a lot of money on, because exactly that, Neil. There was no business behind it. I mean, they had like two vans to deliver groceries across the country.CAVUTO: Yes.MARTIN: So the groceries would be there and be spoiled.(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: And remember PetSmart? Remember PetSmart and all that? There were a lot of victims there, a lot of victims. Yes.MARTIN: Oh, my gosh, terrible.Global Crossing. My goodness, we're all there. And that's the funny thing, Neil, today. And I think the market, though, needs to -- or let's say investors needs to maybe shake it off a little bit on this one, because I'm not sure...CAVUTO: I see what you did there.MARTIN: ... if this is '98 or '99. You know I'd bring that up. You compared me to Taylor. Hi, Taylor. How you doing? I miss you.CAVUTO: Understood.MARTIN: It's also one of those things, Neil, where it feels a little bit rich. It feels like things can't go wrong, doesn't it?And that's a scary thing both for stocks, to some degree, but it's more so for the technology. And I love the name of it my friend, artificial intelligence. That word artificial gets me, because is it real? Is it smart? Is it something we should be doing?I like this intelligence better, but, hey, I'm one of many who does not, I guess.CAVUTO: Now, that's the story of my career, the artificial stuff, but I will take it.Let me get your sense, though, Scott.When we look at this -- and I get it. Nvidia surprised everyone. It makes a gazillion dollars. It has some new offerings that it's planning to offer to the globe. It makes the chips that power all of this technology. There are other players doing it. AMD is out there, but it's the leader.But I'm also reminded the fact that, in the last Internet boom, AOL was the leader for online searches and the like and, of course, that didn't last very long. Google came up. Google is still a dominant player today.So is it possible? You have a stock now thanks to this run-up today that's trading at more than a hundred times earnings. Now, those earnings are soaring. Those revenues are soaring. That business is soaring. The demand for this is soaring by the day. So I get that.But are we getting ahead of our skis? What do you tell people? What do you tell investors?MARTIN: We tell investors we're going to ride these skis down the slope, but then we're probably going to get off them at some point.And to your point, I mean, remember Lycos and Netscape.CAVUTO: Absolutely.MARTIN: Those companies made a couple missteps, just like Nvidia or the AMDs could. I mean, we're talking about high school days for me, of course, when I was prom king. I haven't had a company like this that's more, say, apt to make a mistake like maybe an Nvidia or Microsoft even, Neil, these days based on valuations that could be right around the corner to the point where all of a sudden the stock crashes because something happens.Not there yet, but something to keep in mind and something we have learned from the past that, my goodness, investors seem to forget often.CAVUTO: You know what's interesting about this?It used to be with the Internet boom you invested on the promise of companies making money. Early investors in Amazon, for example, that company was not making money. Jeff Bezos at the time kept reinvesting, reinvesting. So the sales were strong, the profits were not.In fact, they were virtually nonexistent. Now, in the case of Nvidia and some of these other big players, like Amazon today, like Apple today, like Microsoft today, you can make the argument that they are subscribing to this A.I. rollout and then all beneficiaries of it.But what if the rollout gets stymied by what's going on internationally, chilly relations with China, a market there that Nvidia wants to reach out to, but it might not be that easy, that there could be these disruptions, not crashes, but disruptions to that? Because a lot of people -- this stock has been easy money for them, technology easy money for them, technology disproportionately weighted in a lot of people's portfolios, in the S&P 500, in the Nasdaq, of course, in the Dow now.Soon Amazon is going to be a Dow component. What do you -- what do you say?MARTIN: Welcome to the club Amazon. And you're right.It's one of those things where it feels like the money is almost too easy being made or too easily being made. And that's something too that we just have to remember with these companies going forward a regulation or a legislation away from changing the business of these companies.But I will tell you the one thing, Neil, that we're seeing today in a lot of the investing that we do for our personal clients both in our ETFs and mutual funds and things like that is, these companies, my friend, have scale. And so unlike some of the companies of yesteryear, those companies had to put a lot of capital in.You mentioned with Bezos and, say, Tim Cook and, say, Steve Jobs were doing back in the days building software and things like that, but building hardware as well. Nowadays, we're having a lot more scale and a lot more profitability that becomes very exponential as there's buy-in to these companies' products.So that's a little bit of a different scenario here and why I think we're seeing the prices so robust these days and what we're talking about hereCAVUTO: So what do you tell new investors who come up to you, Scott, and say, Scott, I want in on this, and I want to start buying the Nvidias and all?They're all very rich, but you could have said that about Nvidia 400, 500, 600 points ago. So you never know. It's sort of like catching a rising knife here. But I'm just wondering what you do when, just for sake of holding these technology names, your portfolio, if you're lucky enough to have one, is way over, way overweighted in technology?Now, the smart guys like you tell people that's a problem. You have got to diversify. But by sheer math, this is what it's creating.MARTIN: Yes, rebalance is always a good idea, taking profits. You don't lose money.Rising knives can really cut your whole arm off if you're not careful because you have this emotional investment, Neil, in your portfolio all of a sudden, instead of the fundamental investment you should have, where you're thinking about how great it makes you feel when Nvidia, like today, like we own it, goes up 18 percent, almost 20 at one point, when in reality you have to know that there's also downside risk in there too.And we always talk about this too on "Cavuto: Coast to Coast" on FOX Business. Demand it if you don't get it.CAVUTO: Well said. Well said.MARTIN: With respect to how much more a stock or the market goes up -- see, I'm a good company man.How much more stock goes up, Neil, the more likelihood, my friend, it probably will go down or revert to what's called a mean price. Similarly, if a stock goes down, the more likelihood it might actually go up, so there's certain things at play that investors typically forget that we're here as investment advisers, and you're here as well to help prompt me with this, make sure people know where they are and where they stand.CAVUTO: Yes, and you got to step back and just see, I mean, are you buying a stock? Are you going to buy something that you think is going to be part of the fabric of American society?Stocks like Apple fill that, Amazon fill that. Too really tell whether Nvidia will be that, but it's been around a while. People think it's sort of like a Johnny-come-lately. It's only lately that we have discovered that it's a big player, right?MARTIN: And it's still here.And that's the thing.We're making -- and the neat thing about Nvidia, and the neat thing about what Microsoft and some of the other companies are doing these days, AMD, like you mentioned, they're making new strides for other companies as well to break out...CAVUTO: Right.MARTIN: ... to make new products, to get visibility, and so there's a lot of nice things that are going on in the stock market besides the Magnificent Seven that are helping other companies, that are helping the stock market in general, and why it's a good reason to be bullish here long term.CAVUTO: All right, thank you, my friend. Always good catching up with you.Scott Martin on all of that.MARTIN: Same here.CAVUTO: By the way, you might've heard Scott mentioned ETFs, exchange trade funds. This is a way you can sort of gobble up a lot of these players under the umbrella of a fund, and sort of hedge your bets.Some do that, and they sleep better at night, but it depends on your perspective. By the way, there is a risk/reward with technology. And didn't we find out today? Let's take a peek at what happened across the world today when we saw that AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile all had serious outages.We're told right now, or at least AT&T is saying that its outages and problems for customers have been dealt with and that everything's A-OK right now. But a lot of the back-and-forth on how this happened, what happened, and how so many were caught with their, well, devices down.Jeff Paul has more -- Jeff.JEFF PAUL, FOX NEWS Yes, CORRESPONDENT: Neil, we just got a new statement from AT&T less than an hour ago.The company, which is the largest telecom provider in the U.S., says -- quote -- "We have restored wireless service to all of our affected customers. We sincerely apologize to them. Keeping our customers connected remains our top priority, and we are taking steps to ensure our customers do not experience this again in the future."No word yet from the company as to why this all happened, but data from Downdetector.com, which tracks outages, shows some of the areas that experienced the most problems, places like Atlanta, Houston, and Chicago.Now, at its peak at 9:00 a.m. Eastern this morning, more than 73,000 outages were reported on that Web site. There was some confusion then that the outage impacted other cell networks like T-Mobile and Verizon, but both networks said they were operating normally.The White House's John Kirby was asked today if the outage was the result of any sort of foreign interference. Here's how he responded.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)JOHN KIRBY, NSC COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS: The FCC has been in touch with the AT&T and those conversations are ongoing and they're trying to kind of figure out what exactly happened here.The DHS and the FBI are looking into this as well, working with the tech industry, these network providers, to see what we can do from a federal perspective.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAUL: Now, Neil, there was also some concern about people's access to emergency services, many police departments urging folks to not test-call 9/11 after they got several non-emergency calls flooding the lines, trying -- people trying to test that out to see if their phone works.Their advice was to simply make a regular phone call, and if there was some sort of true emergency to use a landline or Wi-Fi calling if they were experiencing an outage -- Neil.CAVUTO: Yes, we were all at a loss with this, Jeff. It's wild.Jeff Paul, thank you very much.Jeff in Los Angeles.We were mentioning about the markets and everyone. Investors say, OK, time. Two guys running for president, well, not necessarily. I'm not talking about their investments. I know a little about them, but I am talking about the money they're raising and who's giving to them -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: Barack Obama, you're very close friends. You were very helpful getting him elected president.He's apparently concerned about his former vice president. In fact, he's quite alarmed. Are you?DON PEEBLES, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, PEEBLES CORPORATION: Yes, I mean, I think that the Democratic Party should turn the page.President Biden wants to be a transitional president. I even said it on your show that I thought that he would be president and Kamala Harris would be waiting in the wings learning how to become president. I think she has disappointed a lot of people, including me.And I think that the team that's in place now ought to step aside. I mean, I don't see how he can beat Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: I want you to think of the significance of that.Some of you might not know who Don Peebles is. Let me just put it to you mildly. He is a bigwig within the Democratic Party, a close confidant and friend to this day of one Barack Obama. So he has a good idea of the pulse of the former president and what he makes of the current president, but, more importantly, what he himself, Don Peebles, a successful businessman, makes of the Democratic landscape with him at the top of the ticket.He says it's time for a change, no fan, as you might have heard, about Kamala Harris as well, who thinks has passed her prime.Karl Rove on all of this, the former White House deputy chief of staff, brilliant column in today's Wall Street Journal, where I guess he concluded that he who makes the least mistakes might get the big job after all. But Karl, let me ask you a little bit about what Don Peebles is saying. Been there, done that, loved the guy, regarding Joe Biden, he's not the guy. But there aren't that many who think that will happen, that they will find a new guy. What do you think?KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I wrote about this last week.I couldn't agree more with Mr. Peebles there. You cannot look at the president and not wonder what is he thinking, what is his wife thinking, and what is his sister thinking. She plays a big role in his political decisions.He's in bad shape, and it's not going to get better. He's getting older. And the idea of him as a second term is scary. And so the idea would be, as I wrote last week, they still have an out. On March 31 of 1968, Lyndon Johnson pulled the rip cord and dropped out of the presidential race. Democrats ended up nominating Hubert Humphrey.By the 5th of April of this year, 76 percent of the delegates to the Democrat National Convention will be selected, nearly 90 percent by the end of April. That doesn't include the superdelegates that are already set in. He could -- the vice -- the president could easily say, I have decided to focus my remaining months in my term on the big job I have ahead of me and it's up to the Democratic Convention to select my successor.CAVUTO: The big difference there, of course, with LBJ, even though he won New Hampshire, he did barely against Eugene McCarthy, and, of course, the knives were out. He might have interpreted that and said, all right, I'm persona non grata here.You could argue with Joe Biden he's running away with it with weaker candidate opposition, now down to a single candidate. And he might feel and the party might feel, for all his troubles, he polls pretty well with Donald Trump, not so well with Nikki Haley. But they might say, well, it's not the best of circumstances, but it could be worse.What do you think?ROVE: Well, there is a difference, admittedly.Lyndon Johnson was burdened by the war in Vietnam and decided to pull up because of that. I think the bigger enemy that is faced by Joe Biden is age itself. I mean, he is old. He's not up to this. He can't string together two sentences. He's seen as a weak leader.And Americans will vote for a strong leader even if they sometimes disagree with him and/or have questions about his personality because they know how important the job is. So you got one guy who's strong, another guy who's seen as weak. At the end of the day, I think that's very problematic for the Democrats if they hope to hold onto the White House.CAVUTO: Well, and that other guy, Donald Trump, you carry a lot of baggage as well. He might be seen as very strong on certain issues.ROVE: Right.CAVUTO: But, but he is also seen by many to be nuts. So how do you balance that?ROVE: Well, that's what I put in my column today. I mean, this is going to be one for the books. You cannot sit here and say, I know how this is going to all come out. You can't say that, because there are so many things that could happen.What about debates? Are there going to be debates? What happens in those debates? Does Joe Biden surprise? Does...CAVUTO: Yes, what if there are no debates? It's happened.ROVE: Well, and who gets blamed -- and who gets blamed for the -- yes, who gets blamed for there being no debates and how does that affect the outcome of the election? What happens on Donald Trump's 91 legal counts?What happens if there's a -- if things get worse in Europe and somehow or another Joe Biden appears to either raise himself up and be a strong leader on that or not? I mean, there are so many imponderables in this. How these candidates, these two men, if they become their party's nominees, which is likely, conduct themselves every day between now and November is going to have a huge impact on the election.And so is the presence of third-party candidates. How do they strike? And last time around, 1.8 percent of Americans voted for a third-party candidate. And yet the libertarian candidate in Arizona, Georgia and Wisconsin got more votes than Donald Trump lost those states by.And the same thing happened with the Jill Stein candidacy in 2016 in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania.CAVUTO: Yes.ROVE: She got more votes than Hillary Clinton lost those states by.CAVUTO: Real quickly on what Nikki Haley's position is going to South Carolina on Saturday. We just had her on that too long ago. She said, I'm in this race well beyond South Carolina. I'm ready for Super Tuesday, believe it or not, less than two weeks away.Then what? There's -- there is pressure on some in the party to tell her to drop out. I don't see why she would have to do that. It's still early. I understand the math that it could be prohibitive. But what's the harm her staying in the race?ROVE: Well, that's what's interesting to me, is the people saying -- President Trump's campaign is very blunt. They said they were going to give her a blank whipping in South Carolina, and -- which I thought was over the top.But it's generating a counterreaction. She's had her best fund-raising month in January, doing well in February, got money to combat it through, she says, until March 5. And, look, we have chosen how many -- 57 delegates out of the several thousand who will be at the Republican Convention.So we will see what happens in South Carolina. RealClearPolitics average has Donald Trump up by 25.3 percent. He claims to be ahead by even more than that. We will see what happens. But this -- the negativity of the Trump campaign, the personal nature of their attacks on people like Ron DeSantis, now that he's out, Nikki Haley, strikes me as counterproductive, because it is causing a counterreaction.She's raising money off of his animosity and his personal attacks. And I suspect in South Carolina and other open states, the independents and Democrats are going to come in and vote in the Republican primary, because, in states like South Carolina and Texas, for example, in Ohio, there's no party registration.So you're able to vote in whatever primary you want to vote in. And that could be very problematic if it generates a big reaction.CAVUTO: But the polls must be reflecting that, and she still trails by about 30 points even with that.ROVE: Well, she's moving.If you take a look at that...CAVUTO: OK.ROVE: ... it's like a big curve going up like this.And we will see where it ends up. And we will see if it ends up in such a place that people after Saturday say, you know what, she's got a right to stay in, or if they say, she gave it her best shot and she got beaten badly in her home state.CAVUTO: Yes.ROVE: It's time for her to get out.The voters are going to decide, partly with their pocketbooks and partly with their ballots.CAVUTO: She doesn't have to worry about the pocketbook part thus far, to your point.Always good seeing you, Karl, thank you very much.ROVE: You bet. Thank you, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, we have a lot more coming up, including, as we were mentioning the president, and one thing he's doing that Republicans have been demanding for some time, just start issuing executive orders to deal with the border, make them reverse what were the orders that you did when you first became president.He actually is doing that -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: That's one small step for man, one giant leap for a private company.For the first time every, the U.S. is trying a private company to land a rocket on the moon. It's going to happen in maybe a little more than an hour from now -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: Republicans have long argued President Biden has the power with just the stroke of a pen to get some action or something done on the border, and he seems to be taking them up on that with a plan to address the border via an executive order.Now, he issued better than 90 of them when he first became president, having everything to do with the border and pretty much undoing everything that Donald Trump had been doing with the border.Peter Doocy has more on what he could be considering -- Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: And, Neil, what a difference a year or two makes because we had been led to believe that President Biden had already done everything he could do on his own, and not just, that he had already done a historic amount.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: He has done more than any prior president to secure the border and build a safe, orderly, and humane immigration system. And that's what the president has been able to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Now, the line from the White House is: "No executive action, no matter how aggressive, can deliver the significant policy reforms and additional resources Congress can provide and that Republicans rejected."Well, the Republican House speaker, Mike Johnson, says: "Americans have lost faith in this president and won't be fooled by election year gimmicks that don't actually secure the border, nor will they forget that the president created this catastrophe and until now has refused to use his executive power to fix it."The policies being considered, we're told, would apparently make it impossible for anybody at the border to claim asylum for any reason, unless they are at a port of entry.That sounds familiar to AOC. She tweets: "Doing Trump impressions isn't how we beat Trump. Seeking asylum is a legal right of all people. In the face of authoritarian threat, we should not buckle on our principles. We should commit to them. The mere suggestion is outrageous and the president should refuse to sign it."Republicans, though, are saying that executive orders like this aren't new.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. RICK SCOTT (R-FL): He's got all the power he needs. When Donald Trump was president, the border was secure. Joe Biden made the decision through executive orders, through illegal acts, to open the border.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: President Biden remains in California today. He talked for about a minute on camera about a meeting he had with Alexei Navalny's widow, but nothing on this, at least not yet -- Neil.CAVUTO: Peter, thank you very much.Peter Doocy at the White House.Want to go to Congressman Tony Gonzales, Republican from the state of Texas.Congressman, great to have you.Well, you have been advocating for this for some time: Mr. President, you have the power with a stroke of the pen to make some big changes.We don't know the details on all those big changes, but the asylum thing could be a big start. What do you think?REP. TONY GONZALES (R-TX): Thank you for having me, Neil.And it's almost as if President Biden had a senior moment and he forgot that he's the president of the United States and he could secure this mortar with the stroke of a pen. I am encouraged to hear that they're finally starting to entertain some ideas.And it's long time that he get behind what President -- what Governor Abbott is doing here in Texas. Some of the things that I have been advocating for is to deport, deport, deport those people that do not qualify for asylum. You do that by surging immigration judges to the border and giving ICE the resources they need for these repatriation flights, not these endless off-sided facilities.You also raise the credible fear standards. These are some things the president can do today, and I hope they do it.CAVUTO: Now, one of the things that is still being debated, I don't know if they will go this far, is to have these types of cases adjudicated in Mexico. In other words, that you stand and make your case in Mexico and not on the U.S. side of the border.It's been just the opposite since Joe Biden became president. That would go a long way, but Mexico isn't too keen on those ideas. What do you think?GONZALES: When I have met with the president of Mexico and had these discussions, they're going, well, Tony, you all aren't doing anything, so how are you going to make us do something? So how about you start by the United States acting first, and then maybe we will follow?So -- but the facts are, it worked previously. The remain-in-Mexico policy worked because Mexico was terrified of President Trump hitting them over the head with a big stick, right? And nobody is terrified of President Biden, other than maybe the stairs to the -- to Air Force One.And so I'm looking at it through the lens of, we need partners. How can we get our partners to work together in order to solve this problem? And, also, let's talk about legal immigration. You want to come here and work? You want to come fill -- we know who you are. You don't have access to voting. You don't have access to social services.There is no discussion people that are trying to do it the right way, which so many Americans have had over the course of our history.CAVUTO: Democrats come right back at you, not you personally, Congressman, and they say, Republicans in general, we had a great crafted package. It wasn't perfect, but it was something. If we had done that, coupled with what the president's doing, we'd be off to the races.What do you say?GONZALES: That package failed because the number they agreed on was 5,000. The number that should have been agreed on should always be zero for illegal immigration.There should be no number that is acceptable. And there should be a discussion those that want to come and do it the right way. And you do that by...(CROSSTALK)CAVUTO: But, Congressman, didn't that package really -- but -- I'm sorry, sir, but didn't that package really fail...GONZALES: Yes.CAVUTO: ... because Donald Trump didn't want it?And many in your party -- I'm not saying you are, sir -- are scared stiff of the guy. You didn't want to offend him. You didn't want to tick him off. So that was why it died.GONZALES: Well, what if I told you, Neil, this is a lucrative topic and everybody wants to just mine it and nobody wants to solve it?That's all fun and games. But what if you're little old Eagle Pass or Uvalde or San Antonio or New York City or Boston or Denver or anywhere else in the country? I think Americans have had enough with the politics. And we're not going to wait until a new president comes to solve it.Let's solve it today. This is something that Congress...CAVUTO: But wasn't that the chance that both parties had, sir, with this interim agreement? It wasn't perfect, to your fine point.But the fact that Donald Trump didn't like it, many in your party didn't want to fight him. They're scared of him, or he's bedeviling them, or, I don't know, he's going to come back and do something horrible to -- I don't know what it is. And that's what blew it up.GONZALES: It fell apart.And I'm of the mind-set we have to do something today. House Republicans...CAVUTO: OK.GONZALES: ... should take a down payment on border security in '24 and we come back for the rest in '25.And I'm committed to not stopping until that happens. And I will work with anyone as long as it's meaningful. It can't just be window dressing. It can't just be moving the problem around, meaningful. Deport people that aren't here, surge immigration judges to the border, and get cases heard in days, not years.Give ICE the resources they need to get these planes sent back to their country of origin.CAVUTO: All right, there were a lot of good ideas right there.Congressman, thank you very much. Good seeing you again.GONZALES: Thanks, Neil.CAVUTO: All right, we were mentioning Donald Trump. A judge rejected his attempt to push back this deadline to go ahead and pay that $350 million or so that he has to put up front while he challenges this civil suit against him.We will fill you in on the details of that and what it could mean -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, no delay, just pay up and get it done.Donald Trump was hoping that a judge would reject that notion that he had to raise this money to fight this civil suit that requires him to pay upwards of $355 million, some say as much as $450 million when you include back interest and all that.Well, it's not going to happen, the judge rejecting delaying that. So he's got now less than 30 days, actually a lot less than 30 days, to get hopping.Charlie Gasparino has been following that.Charlie, what does this mean? He has the wherewithal in assets to go ahead, collateralize, whatever you're going to do, but time's a wasting to do it. And it's a lot easier said than done, isn't it?CHARLIE GASPARINO, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: Yes, the people in the Trump Organization I have been speaking to say that they got the means, they got both cash and properties at hand that could make -- basically post a bond, so to speak, that they would have to post.CAVUTO: Right.GASPARINO: I'm not exactly sure how all that gets done. I haven't gotten a straight answer on that. Do they have to put down 10 percent or whatever? It's really all over the place.But they believe that they have...CAVUTO: We're told it's the whole good caboodle. I mean, it's the whole amount.GASPARINO: Yes. I heard that too.CAVUTO: And that's a lot to come up with.So, how -- if that's the case, he was quietly selling or offering properties prior to all of this. So maybe you know something about that. But it's still a lot of money to come up with in a short amount of time.GASPARINO: I mean, listen, they got -- they do have the properties. They have Doral.CAVUTO: Right.GASPARINO: I mean, that's always -- that could be on the list. I know they don't want to do that, but that's on the list.They -- I have asked them. They were unspecified on the number of properties. But they say they have them to make up the difference. Remember, one thing that Donald Trump always been -- has always been is cash-poor. I mean, he's not...CAVUTO: Sure.GASPARINO: He's -- his wealth is tied up in these properties and these elegant golf courses and country clubs, not necessarily cash, although I have here they have been raising cash, probably in anticipation of this.So they tell me they got the money and they're ready to do it if they have to. I think what they're really banking on, Neil, is an appeal, that some court steps in. And I think we have got to watch the filings over the next couple of days. Somebody steps in and says, whoa. This -- because this number is way out of balance if you -- I mean, it doesn't take...CAVUTO: But that would have to be fast, right, Charlie?GASPARINO: Yes. Yes.CAVUTO: You would have to get that appeal going, and fast.GASPARINO: Get it now.(CROSSTALK)GASPARINO: I mean, listen, they're working on it. That's why he hires -- that's why Trump hires -- has all those lawyers on staff, you know?CAVUTO: Yes.GASPARINO: So, I mean, that's where I think they're going with this.But, listen, as I reported over the weekend, there are -- with The New York Post, Neil, we did a whole blowout on this thing. There are a number of properties that he has that he can tap into. One thing I think they're going to do, and I'm hearing this behind the scenes, is that they're going to get the hell out of New York.I mean, I think there's a good chance you could see Trump sell most of his New York stuff and move domicile totally in Florida, because of the environment here. I mean, listen, he can't get a fair shake here. I mean, this 355 thing, million thing, is just out of bounds for the crime, which was -- there was no crime. There was no victim.The bank did its own due diligence. It said in the documents they did their own due diligence. I mean, say what you want about Donald Trump, but you got to be fair. And I think that's where this thing is going. It's going to go before an appellate court, and hopefully there's some stay along the way.But $355 million, that's a lot of money for anybody, including Donald Trump -- back to you, Neil.CAVUTO: Yes. You and I would have to sell our bocce ball sets, and only that would raise a few hundred.(LAUGHTER)GASPARINO: Yes, I mean, Jesus. I mean, I have to sell my Dan Lurie weight set downstairs in my basement.CAVUTO: Yes. Yes. What about my pasta maker? On and on we go.(LAUGHTER)CAVUTO: So good seeing you, my friend.GASPARINO: You got it.CAVUTO: Thank you, Charlie Gasparino, with inimitable reads on all things business and finance and real estate and culinary as well.All right, in the meantime here, we are looking at this Ukraine aid package that does seem to be coming together, but not soon enough for the president of Ukraine, who just talked to our Bret Baier.We will explore that -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT: We have to be more quick. That means to lose all the bureaucracy what we have. Otherwise, we will not have any chance to -- so, to be smart technology, more technologically, and, of course, quick.It's not money. It's people -- people's lives.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Now we have seen Russia on the move. It took full control of this town, Avdiivka, south of here. It's the biggest gain, as you hear in artillery round there.ZELENSKYY: Yes.BAIER: The biggest gain in nine months for Russia. And is -- does that mean that we're seeing the tide turn here, the war change?ZELENSKYY: It's not -- not a new page, because, during these two years, we deoccupied the Kharkiv region. Now we are in this region, also with dozens of villages, small villages and cities.And, also, we unblocked the Black Sea. Now we have their grain roots, and et cetera, and destroyed a lot of their ships, Russian fleet. That's what we did during two years. Yes, the last year was mostly complicated for us at the end of the year.But what we -- what have been done, I think it was a good job. And what they could do, only this one place, but what for?(END VIDEO CLIP)CAVUTO: You heard those explosions in the background.Bret and the Ukrainian president were about a mile from the front lines of this war that goes on now into a third year. You can catch that full interview tonight on "Special Report" with Bret.I want to welcome Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick of Pennsylvania, what he makes of this standoff right now on aid for Ukraine and if and when it's going to come.As you know, Congressman, President Zelenskyy is getting anxious. Should he be anxious?REP. BRIAN FITZPATRICK (R-PA): He is Neil, and he should be.We have introduced a two-party solution that's pending in the House right now that addresses borders, our border, Ukraine, Taiwan and Israel's border. It's called the Defending Borders and Defending Democracies Act.So in the past eight weeks, Neil, I have been to our southern border, I have been to Ukraine, Israel and Taiwan's border, met with the presidents and prime minister in the case of Israel and the head of CBP here. We have a problem and it's all consistently tied back to invasions of borders.We have a two-party bill to address it, but, Neil, Ukraine in particular, as you heard President Zelenskyy say to Bret, they have weeks and not months. They have already lost Avdiivka. That is a loss that's directly tied back to the lack of artillery.And the sense of urgency couldn't be stronger right now for many of us in the House. And, hopefully, it's 218 of us that have that same sense of urgency to get this done.CAVUTO: Well, you have been very consistent, sir, on that urgency.A lot of your colleagues, a lot of your Republican colleagues have not. What do you tell them?FITZPATRICK: This is existential and time-sensitive, and you cannot play politics with people's lives. Politics is bad enough when it gets injected into a transportation bill or a post office naming.But when you're talking about people's lives -- and in the case of our southern border, it's generations of children that we're losing to fentanyl. In the case of Ukraine, people are getting slaughtered on the battlefield.And, Neil, if we don't get that aid in a timely fashion, all the money that we have spent to hold the line, help them hold the line will have been for naught. And it's also very important to know that the military piece of this, which is a piece that we ought to lead on here in the United States, 80 percent of that gets spent inside the United States.We're modernizing our own military through the course of this to prepare our nation for potential conflicts, including if China moves on Taiwan. So we have to put politics aside here. And in the case of our border and Ukraine, the two most time-sensitive matters, I hope my colleagues will sign on to our bill.It's a two-party bill. It's equally bipartisan, Democrats, Republican.CAVUTO: All right, we shall see. We will watch it closely.Congressman, thank you very much.In the meantime, we want to keep you posted on our return to the moon. It could happen within the next hour, maybe two. This is a private venture and a very different venture and very much a signal of the way we're going to do this going forward, companies doing this, but American companies, at that -- after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)CAVUTO: All right, we're about to go back to the moon.The last time we were there, 1972. Of course, this is an unmanned, it is a private spacecraft, a private lunar lander, interactive machines. It's a Nova-C, Odysseus, aptly named. It's going to try this in a little bit more than, an hour, I'm told.That fellow you might be seeing, a very handsome gentleman, joins us, Clayton Anderson, former NASA astronaut. Love having Clayton on.Clayton, this is a preview, I guess, of coming attractions. A lot of countries are crowding the moon and the lunar surface, some unmanned, a lot of man. It's going to be a busy place up there. What's the -- what's going on?CLAYTON ANDERSON, FORMER NASA ASTRONAUT: Well, I think it's important that people realize that there are a lot of players now. There are commercial players, there are government players, China, Japan, India, America, Russia.There are a whole lot of people trying to do good things to get humans back to the moon. And that's a big thing to me, is that we must do this collaboratively. Otherwise, I don't think we will succeed. No -- no government's big enough with enough money to pull all this off. So having these commercial companies involved is a good thing.CAVUTO: Do you trust all the players going there, I mean, and their intentions?ANDERSON: Part of this is -- I guess it was President Reagan says that you have to trust, but verify.I trust most of what's going on here, but I think that sometimes we don't hear everything that's going on.CAVUTO: Right.ANDERSON: We see some successes, great successes. Then we see some failures.And when people have the failures, it tends to back away. And then we have to figure out...CAVUTO: And the Chinese don't really spell out what they're up to, though. China doesn't spell out what it's up to.I'm not implying nefarious intentions here, but they don't share a lot. And does that worry you?ANDERSON: I'm not sure it worries me.I think that there are enough people in enough powerful places that they can figure out to a general level what's going on with them. But I do always want us to be the leader, right? I want us to be doing the things that break the boundaries, that push forward faster and better and safer than anyone.Because I think a lot of those other countries learn from us. They follow us. They do -- they try to emulate what we do.CAVUTO: Got it.ANDERSON: And that's very important for me, being a United States astronaut.CAVUTO: All right, well said, Clayton. I wish we had more time, my friend. Thank you, and for your heroic service to this country.That will do it here. "The Five" is right now.THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.