MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right. Thank you very much, you guys. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum, and this is the big story today. Breaking news reaction from former President Trump to a big victory in one of his cases here in New York.As the clock was literally ticking for him to come up with $454 million in cash or bond or risk having his bank accounts frozen or properties seized and it was all kinds of glee and excitement over that in a lot of areas, a last-minute appellate court decision provided the former president and current presumed GOP nominee, a big reprieve.And it was a big loss today, no matter how you slice it, for Attorney General Letitia James and many, as I mentioned, in the salivating media over all this, who hope to see Trump banged up by this judgment mid- election. Here he is a little while ago.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You can't have an election in the middle of a political season, but we're in the middle of an election right now and we're fighting crooked Joe Biden, who's the worst president in the history of our country by far, who's let this country go to hell.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Our panel, the legal and political fallout today, Andy McCarthy, Matt Whitaker and Marc Thiessen. First, let's go to correspondent, C.B. Cotton, as we look ahead to the news today and also the president's next legal hurdle, which is the hush money trial now scheduled here next month in New York or this month, I guess. Hi there. Next month. Hi, C.B.C.B. COTTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: That's right, Martha. Well, now former President Donald Trump's legal team will now be allowed to file a motion arguing the hush money case should be delayed because of pre-trial publicity but prosecutors pushed back on that in court, Martha, saying that any publicity has been made worse by Trump unless the court rules in favor on that -- in favor of Trump on that motion.As you said, jury selection is slated to begin on April 15th in the hush money case which alleges Trump attempted to cover up hush money payments to adult film star, Stormy Daniels, and therefore voters never had the chance to fully assess Trump's candidacy. The Manhattan District Attorney and Trump's lawyers have been sparring over a dump of thousands of documents, potential evidence from federal prosecutors earlier this month.Trump's lawyers argued in court today they needed more time to review those documents and accusing the D.A. of trying to bury the material. But the D.A.'s office said only a handful of the new records were relevant, and the judge ultimately decided the D.A.'s office was not responsible for the late disclosure. If the hush money trial starts in April, it will be the first of the former president's four criminal trials to begin. Trump today repeating his claim of election interference.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I don't know how you can have a trial like this in the middle of an election, a presidential election. And this is again, this is a Biden trial.(END VIDEO CLIP)COTTON: And today, as you mentioned, Martha, Trump counting one legal victory, he will now be allowed to post a lower appeal bond to secure the civil fraud judgment against him. Martha, today the former president said he'd likely pay for that appeal bond in cash. Back to you.MACCALLUM: All right, C.B., thank you very much. Let's bring in former Federal Prosecutor and Fox News Contributor Andy McCarthy, former Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker, and American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow and Fox News Contributor Marc Thiessen. Great to have all of you with us today. Andy McCarthy, the president mentioned you a few times as he came out after this decision was made. I mean, it was swift. This was the deadline today to start this whole thing in motion to maybe freeze his assets or maybe start to begin the process of seizing some of his assets. You know, what's your overall view of what this does to this situation? Does it rectify the New York State's judicial system in any way?ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it's certainly a step in the right direction. You know, Martha, this bond that he would have had to get there, people keep calling it a $454 million bond. He actually would have had to post something more like $550 million because the interest on this is accruing at a rate of $112,000 a day and they make you post a bond for more than the judgment amount ordinarily. So, this was just astonishing. The $175 million is about a third of what was being essentially demanded of him. And you know, it's an existential event for him financially because it's not just the monetary penalty, they're trying to put them out of business.MACCALLUM: Yes, I spoke with some people very close to the situation earlier today, and they said, you know, there's literally no way to come up with that kind of bond in this sort of situation. And, you know, Matt Whitaker, talk to me a little bit about Letitia James and her reaction. Let's just put up what she had to say today after this, she says "Donald Trump is still facing accountability for his staggering fraud," as she puts it, "The court has already found that he engaged in years of fraud to falsely inflate his net worth and unjustly enrich himself, his family, and his organization.The $464 million judgment plus interest against Donald Trump and the other defendants still stands." And it's got some Egg on her face here because these are the tweets she's been putting out on an, you know, fairly regular basis, Matt, she puts up the number on her X account, I think we have it here. And then she puts what the interest is all the time like she's just so excited that he's going to lose all this money which now it seems to be changing, Matt.MATT WHITAKER, FORMER ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yes, there were too many people that were excited about this and a lot of people outside of New York were watching this very carefully because the court should be fair, it should not be dependent on who the defendant is for what kind of justices meet it out. You know, Judge Engoron has a judgment that he issued on summary judgment and then ran the penalty phase.And actually, the evidence was counter to what he finally found for this massive judgment that is untethered to any number related to the case. It really was pulled out of thin air and because there were no victims, there was no amount of loss. These were, the behavior that he was penalized for is loans that he took out that he paid back in full with interest. It's just, it's outrageous. I mean, this is a small victory to reduce this amount, but it's still just a complete miscarriage of justice.MACCALLUM: Yes, as you said, there were literally no victims here. The banks on the other side of this equation, you know, essentially said they wanted to continue to do business. In fact, they wanted to do more business. They called him a whale client, somebody that they, you know, who repaid his bill, his debts on time, sometimes early in some cases. So, I mean, you know, it is an astonishing situation.And, you know, Andy, I want to ask you about this. Colangelo, who he brought up at, you know, when President Trump was speaking and Mark Pomerantz, two attorneys who are involved in this case, he said, you know, in Colangelo's case, he used to work for the DOJ in the Biden administration. And Mark Pomerantz worked in the Clinton administration. He's like, why are these people all lining up against me in these public court systems? Quick thought on that, Andy, before we go to Marc.MCCARTHY: Having known that office very well when Robert Morgenthau was for decades the district attorney there, I think it's quite amazing that they have to recruit people from the federal government to do this. That office always proudly carried its own weight and did its own work. So, I think it's very interesting that people who are connected to high level democratic politics and the Biden administration are in the thick of it.MACCALLUM: You know, Marc Thiessen, in terms of the media watch on all of this, you know, the past few days, and we've played the soundbites here, the ladies on "The View" have been cackling with excitement, you know, saying, oh, are they going to throw a big chain around Trump Tower and just haul it, you know, off of its foundation and take it away? And I noticed this morning when this started coming out, you know, there were some long faces across some places in the media because this morning, Marc, they were all excited about what was to come. And I don't think they got what they were thinking they were going to get.MARC THIESSEN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think they ought to be relieved because if, if they this judgment had not been lowered and Trump couldn't meet it and -- if you want to make sure that Donald Trump is elected president of the United States, go let Letitia James walk up to Trump Tower and stamp an eviction notice on the side of that building and seize it. I mean, even people who don't support Donald Trump would see that as an outrage.And the fact that this was lowered from 454 to 175, 454 would have been outrageous, 175 is outrageous. This prosecution should have never happened. He's being prosecuted for, as you've pointed out, a victimless crime. The crime he's guilty of is running for president. None of this would be happening if Donald Trump wasn't running for president. They've issued 91 indictments against Donald Trump. Charles Manson faced 10, OK. They've got multiple cases trying to bankrupt him.They're trying to use the 14th Amendment to kick him off of the ballot. I've never seen such collusion between the left on the federal, state, and local level, working together in concert to destroy a man. And what they're doing is, they're guaranteed that he's going to be the nominee because they think he's going to be easier to beat. Well, guess what? Every single poll today shows him winning. So, they're going to regret what they're doing come November.MACCALLUM: Yes, I mean, it looks like a classic case in many ways politically of, you know, be careful what you ask for because you might get it. And I think that the analogy that you make is apt when it comes to Charles Manson. I always think about it. And you're right, $175 million is still what he has to come up within 10 days for a victimless crime.And I think about O.J. Simpson in the civil trial, the deaths of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman, deaths of two people in the civil trial, $30 million, which I'm sure never got. I think I'm pretty safe ground saying they didn't get paid from O.J. to the families. But thank you very much, you guys. Great to see all three of you today. Thanks for all your coverage throughout the day. So, our breaking coverage continues after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We're going through this weaponization of our government to try and knockout somebody's political opponent. And so far, based on the polls, it's not working at all --(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Blockbuster moment today for former President Trump, as he railed against the many legal battles that he's facing as November approaches. Big developments in two of the New York cases today. The two New York cases, I should say. The civil fraud case, which is the real estate evaluation case, which had so many holes in it from the beginning, whether you, you know, love or hate the former president. People have poked holes in that fund since the beginning.And then, the other one, which is also weak on the list, according to all the attorneys we talked to is this hush money trial involving Stormy Daniels.Fox News Digital political correspondent, Brooke Singman, just spoke with the former president and got his reaction to all of this, some of which we saw a little while ago. But what did he have to say about all this, Brooke?BROOKE SINGMAN, FOX NEWS DIGITAL POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT: Of course. Hi, Martha.MACCALLUM: Hi.SINGMAN: Thanks for having me. It's been a big day for Trump. I mean, I just spoke with him. He says he's confident his lawyers are feeling good. Of course, he says he will abide by this appellate ruling, in the New York Attorney General Letitia James's case, in terms of posting that $175 million bond within the next 10 days.They are looking at that as a win. And in terms of the fact that they have been appealing this, they were set on deadline to turn over that $454 million bond tonight at 11:59.So, they plan to post that bond. He seems confident that they will ultimately win their appeal. You know, I spoke with him also on Friday before the appellate court came to this decision. And he said, he's willing to take this battle against Letitia James, all the way up to the Supreme Court, if necessary, because he didn't want his properties to be at risk in the middle of an appeal.So, obviously, James's office today says OK. Yes, the bond ruling has been slashed considerably. But that doesn't mean that he's not on the hook for the, you know, the total judgement, which, of course, the former president's team plans to appeal.MACCALLUM: Well, that's one of the big questions in my mind, because now you have this lowered judgement. And, you know, it's kind of like, you know, you, you know, you don't realize like how good it feels until you stop banging your head against the wall. So, it's like, oh, $454 million, and you've got this number in your head.SINGMAN: Right.MACCALLUM: And it could be a lot more than that with these interest payments. And then they say, oh, $175. And suddenly, that's sounded a good deal. But really, I mean, $175 million, given the holes that so many people who know this law very, very well have poached in all of this still feels like a lot.Based on what the appellate court has said on this case in the past, which is, you know, about how nothing is relevant behind -- before 2016. And a lot of this does fall the hood, does this look like it's going to fall apart, given the appellate court stance on this -- prior to this?SINGMAN: Well, ultimately, and Trump has said this a number of times that Judge Arthur Engoron has been overturned, at least five times.MACCALLUM: That's right.SINGMAN: You know, in terms of being overturned, it goes back to -- it was last summer was Ivanka Trump was a defendant in this case. She was taken off. And the appellate court also said that, you know, the children and former President Trump couldn't oversee the businesses while the appeal was going on.They overturn that decision. Now, they can. They obviously have that person overseeing all of that. But the appeals court has ruled in Trump's favor a number of times, and that's what they are -- they are hanging their hats on. And we'll see what happens.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes. They also said, they weren't going to go after Eric and Don, Jr. And then, in the decision he did.SINGMAN: Right.MACCALLUM: So, he, you know, the question is about how far over his skis Engoron went, and whether or not that will blow up in his face, I think are a huge question here.SINGMAN: Absolutely.MACCALLUM: So, we'll see where it goes. And Bragg, remember, he didn't -- want this case.SINGMAN: Right. He didn't --(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: He had this civil fraud case.SINGMAN: Right.MACCALLUM: And he was like, I'm never just going to go anywhere.(CROSSTALK)SINGMAN: Never mind.MACCALLUM: And he put all of his eggs in the Stormy Daniels' basket.SINGMAN: Exactly.MACCALLUM: So, we'll see how he does with that venture coming up.Brooke, thank you very much.SINGMAN: Thank you so much, Martha.MACCALLUM: Always good to have you on. Thanks so much.SINGMAN: Thank you.MACCALLUM: So, Prime Minister Netanyahu pulling the plug on a -- on his visit to Washington as the bitterness between Bibi Netanyahu and President Biden intensifies.So, where is all this going with one of our strongest allies? Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)This isn't going very well. The White House saying that it is perplexed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's decision to cancel a visit by senior advisors to Washington this week after the U.S. chose not to veto a U.N. Security Council vote for a ceasefire in Gaza.The U.S. abstained in this vote, which they have not done to date on any of this, because the resolution didn't condemn Hamas.So, in moments, former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. But first, let's go to correspondent Trey Yingst in Tel Aviv.Hi, Trey.TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT: Martha, good afternoon. There is a growing diplomatic divide between the United States and Israel over the war in Gaza. Today, the U.N. Security Council voted 14- 0 on a resolution that called for an immediate ceasefire, and also the release of all hostages.The United States had the opportunity to veto the resolution, but chose to abstain letting it pass.The move angered Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu so much that he cancelled a planned visit to Washington for his strategic affairs minister and his national security adviser.Israel's Defense Minister Yoav Gallant is already in Washington and responded to the vote today, saying this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)YOAV GALLANT, MINISTER OF DEFENSE, ISRAEL (through translator): We have no moral right to stop the war, while there are still hostages held in Gaza. The lack of a decisive victory in Gaza may bring us closer to a war in the north.(END VIDEO CLIP)YINGST: In the north, we are looking at the front there, more than 170 days into the war. It does remain active. The Lebanese militant group, Hezbollah, launches daily attacks along the border with anti-tank missiles, rockets and drones.On the southern front with Gaza this afternoon, Hamas fired eight rockets toward the city of Ashdod. It gives you a sense of just how active the war is.And today, with rockets going out of Gaza, we're also learning American C- 17s were overhead, dropping aid into the northern part of the strip, creating a potentially dangerous situation. Martha?MACCALLUM: Trey, thank you very much. It's still a very hot war going on in Israel and Gaza. So, former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo joins me now. He also served as CIA director and as a Fox News contributor.Welcome, Secretary. Good to have you with us as always.MIKE POMPEO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: It's great to be with you, Martha.MACCALLUM: So, let's talk a little bit about this. So, this U.N.-vote, the United States said they would abstain on a ceasefire vote. They did not vote against it and veto it. And that was seen as a pretty strong signal in Israel.Here is what John Kirby said when he was asked about it. Let's watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REAR ADM. JOHN KIRBY (RET.), COORDINATOR FOR STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS, NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL: Does not represent a change at all in our policy. It's very consistent with everything that we've been saying we want to get done here. And we get to decide what our policy is.It seems like the prime minister's office is choosing to create a perception of daylight here, when they don't need to do that.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: I mean, it sure feels like there is a lot of daylight, Secretary Pompeo, and it's increasing all the time -- getting brighter all the time you could say.POMPEO: Yes, yes. That's -- it's a sunny day. There is a lot of daylight there. A big gap, Martha.Most importantly, Kirby knows better. He knows this was escalation. You are either on the side of Hamas or you're on the side of Israel. Either you are prepared to the -- allow the Israelis to do the necessary to destroy Hamas, or you could abstain, and say, no, we're going to demand that there be a ceasefire.I always think about this, Martha in terms of how the other actors will respond to this.Hamas when they saw the abstention were thrilled. The Chinese Communist Party, happier than heck. The Russians, happier than heck. The Iranians? Absolutely beyond themselves, thrilled that the United States of America refused to stand up for its ally.I think that's so telling. That's very risky for every American, when you see the United States walk away from its long-term strategic ally and friend in the Middle East.MACCALLUM: You know, you look at the political pressure on the White House when it comes to this. They see protesters everywhere they go. They are increasingly concerned about what's going to happen in Chicago at their convention this summer, with protesters who are in favor of this ceasefire and want the administration to really call clearly for this.Kamala Harris on the Sunday show on ABC on "This Week", Here is what she said watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It would be a mistake to move into Rafah with any type of military operation.RACHEL SCOTT, CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT, ABC NEWS: Are you ruling out that there would be consequences from the United States?HARRIS: I am ruling out nothing.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, militarily, sir, does you know, does Israel have to go into Rafah? Could they do it in a more -- in a more sort of pinpoint way? What do you think about the way that they are handling this?POMPEO: Well, two thoughts on this, Martha. The first is, the Israelis get their own independent judgement on that, in spite of what Mike Pompeo or Vice President Harris might think.They have concluded that the most effective way to protect their own sovereignty and their own security is to plan an operation to deliver security for their own people. I've heard no one, including Vice President Harris, provide an alternative theory.How is it that you root out these terrorists, who raped and killed and maimed on October 7th, and who continue to threaten to do so. How is it that you get them, if you can't go chase them out of the cubby holes that they're hiding in under civilians?That -- to see the United States walk away from Israel in this way, to see the vice president suggest somehow to threaten the Israelis if they just do the simple task of defending their own nation and their own people is something I've not seen in a long time in the United States. It is deeply important to me, and it presents enormous risk to the region, not just the Israelis, Martha, but the Gulf states, who can see Tehran's hand behind this.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Yes. 100 percentPOMPEO: And the United States of America.MACCALLUM: 100 percent. One very quick question for you. There is a proposal that's been discussed a trade of 800 Palestinian prisoners, including 100, who were convicted murderers for the 40 -- maybe that's the number remaining hostages in Israel.What do you think of that deal? And do you think this this hostage negotiation is going anywhere?POMPEO: I'll leave to the Israelis the best decision but to give up people who have murdered Israelis in exchange to get back innocent civilians seems like an awful stretch to me.MACCALLUM: Secretary Mike Pompeo, thank you as always. Good to see you, sir.POMPEO: Thank you, Martha. Have a good day.MACCALLUM: You as well.All right. So, the White House was pressed on the growing national security threat at our southern border after U.S. Border Patrol chief, Jason Owens. Nobody is closer to the situation than he is, issued a warning to the United States on the more than 140,000 migrants who are gotaways. They have no record of them. They don't know who they are or where they are.They are roaming free in the country. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON OWENS, UNITED STATES BORDER PATROL CHIEF: That is a national security threat. Border security is a big piece of national security. And if we don't know who is coming into our country, and we don't know what their intent is, that is a threat, and they are exploiting a vulnerability that's on our border right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: He said that's what keeps him up at night. Tomi Lahren and Richard Fowler, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So apprehensions, which is kind of a wobbly word, because it really means like that they touched the US have paperwork, but are most likely still here in the vast majority of cases at the southern border. But that's the number. They're headed obviously in the wrong direction under President Biden, up 13,000 just in January, bringing the total for fiscal year 2024 to about 1.1 million. US Border Patrol chief Jason Owens says more concerning are the 140,000 gotaways and you've got, you know, at least 6 million who have entered the country since the President took office. That number is probably very conservative.So with that Tomi Lahren and Richard Fowler are with us to take this on, and Nate Foy is an Eagle Pass Texas. Let's go to Nate first. Hello, Nate.NATE FOY, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hey, Martha. So Chief Owens says that the smugglers and cartels are dictating the flow of illegal immigration. And right now it's focused in El Paso, Texas where we added to the count just a few moments ago or a few hours ago, I should say, as you take a look at this group right now, smaller group than we've seen in recent days. But Chief Owens is more concerned about the migrants who don't turn themselves over to Border Patrol.You mentioned those 140,000 known gotaways this fiscal year those are migrants who triggered a sensor or were seen on camera but then disappeared into the United States.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JASON OWENS, CHIEF, US BORDER PATROL: That is a national security threat. Border security is a big piece of national security. And if we don't know who is coming into our country, and we don't know what their intent is, that is a threat and they're exploiting a vulnerability that's on our border right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)FOY: Martha, new CBP numbers show the El Paso sector led the entire southern border in migrant encounters on Sunday. That was also the case last week after that migrant stampede. Over 300 single adult men trampled Texas National Guard soldiers. Today Governor Greg Abbott tweeted, "More Texas National Guard soldiers deployed and more razor wire installed at the border this weekend in El Paso. We continue to reinforce border barriers and repel any illegal immigrants. Texas is holding the line."Meanwhile, we continue awaiting a ruling on Senate Bill 4, which If in effect would allow Texas to arrest and deport migrants who cross the border illegally, Martha?MACCALLUM: All right. Nate, thank you very much. Let's bring in Tomi Lahren, host of "Tomi Lahren is Fearless" on OutKick and Richard Fowler host of the "Fowler Show," both are Fox News contributors. Welcome to both of you.I actually want to start a control room with callback number five, because this takes us back to first this Sunday, and then to what Kamala Harris, who was put in charge of root causes for this situation which has exploded beyond anybody's imagination. Here's what she said Sunday and here's what she said back in September of '22.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Did you watch that border video down in El Paso? And does that send a message to Americans that the border is secure?KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES: We are very clear, and I think most Americans are clear that we have a broken immigration system and we need to fix it.We have a secure border, and that that is a priority for any nation, including ours and our administration.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, Richard, how has she done on this job of the root causes and addressing this problem? She is announcing a $5.2 billion investment from US taxpayers in Central American countries today. What do you think when you look at her answers then and now?RICHARD FOWLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTORS Look -- thanks for having me, Martha. I think at the beginning of this administration, this industry was caught a little bit flatfooted when it comes to how they deal with border security. I think that's a marked difference from where we are today. Not only have we seen them back one of the most conservative immigration bills backed by Democrats in the Senate that failed, but also in that package you talked about today, what you actually see the Vice President doing there is something that we saw the Trump administration during the Obama administration do is we've got to, one, protect our southern border and, two, ensure that folks don't even make the journey.And the only way to stop them from making the journey in the Western Hemisphere is to say what can we do in your countries to make sure their job is their, their opportunities, so you're not making this journey to the southern border. Remember when we entered -- when Mexico entered NAFTA, right, at that point in time, Mexicans are the number one folks crossing the border, we increase the Mexican economy by doing so. Right now, Mexicans are not crossing the border, the folks from other countries crossing the border --MACCALLUM: Yes --FOWLER: -- from farther down in South and Central America.MACCALLUM: And the second largest group is from China.FOWLER: Exactly.MACCALLUM: Yes.FOWLER: And that's actually stabilized Mexico's economy.MACCALLUM: Richard, you said they were caught flatfooted. They weren't just caught flatfooted. They undid everything that the Trump administration had done. They were very aggressive in undoing all of that. Quick thought on that and then I want to have Tomi chime in here.FOWLER: Sure. I think that's a very valid critique. I think they also were on it.MACCALLUM: That's the truth.FOWLER: There's also this understanding that they what they really wanted to get done was they wanted to rewrite immigration laws that were first passed in this country in 1996.MACCALLUM: But leave everything in place first, Richard --FOWLER: Fair enough, fair enough.MACCALLUM: -- and then go (inaudible) was.FOWLER: Whether you're a Democrat or Republican --MACCALLUM: We're in a very dangerous situations.FOWLER: -- watching this, we can all agree that immigration laws that we currently have aren't working.MACCALLUM: Yes. These are very scary situation. So there was an interview with the Mexican president, OK, and he is not inclined to do what he did under the Trump administration, Tomi, which was to put Mexican police on the border, and engaged in some pretty decent cooperation. Let's watch this. This is the man known as AMLO, the Mexican president, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDRES MANUEL LOPEZ OBRADOR (through translation): We are not going to act as police for any foreign government. Mexico first, our home first.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: And he has a list of demands, Tomi, $20 billion to poor countries in Latin America, lift sanctions on Venezuela, and the Cuban embargo, legalized law abiding Mexicans living in the United States. He seems to think that he's on a much stronger footing here, Tomi?(END VIDEO CLIP)TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, he is because he's been emboldened that way, but I also think it's interesting that you've got leaders from other countries saying that they're going to put their country and their people first. Wouldn't be nice if our President and our Vice President had that same attitude when it comes to the United States of America?The fact that other nations are making demands of us is a utterly ridiculous, it's embarrassing. Joe Biden could fix this today he could also re-implement Remain in Mexico which would actually trigger Mexico to cooperate with the United States and work with us because they don't want those individuals residing in their country either as you just heard.So Joe Biden could act on this two day, this was a choice. And I am so tired of hearing the Democrat talking point that they had a Senate bill, that Senate Bill would essentially codify illegal immigration. There is no reason we have to be playing this game when you talk about the God away numbers. As you mentioned, Martha, those are just the estimates. We have no idea how many gotaways are in this country.And I'd also like to make a point about investing in Mexico, investing in Central America. Right now, what this administration is doing is investing in cartels and criminal organizations, enriching them. If you want to fix the problems in these other countries, you don't actively enrich the criminal organizations that are causing a lot of the problems for the people that are fleeing.MACCALLUM: Yes.LAHREN: So Joe Biden could act right --MACCALLUM: They are very corrupt --LAHREN: -- it's a choice.MACCALLUM: -- a lot of corruption and $5.2 billion coming their way without a lot of strings attached is probably going to end up in those pockets as you say. Richard and Tomi, thank you very much. We'll continue on the story as we have through the election period. It's a huge issue.And coming up, an update on Kate Middleton's cancer diagnosis next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Well, we reported Friday afternoon this breaking news that a cancer diagnosis had come for Catherine, the Princess of Wales. And, of course, it's still all over the front pages and will be for some time likely in the United Kingdom as the Royal Family rallies behind her. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who live in California, reportedly learned about it the way the rest of us did on the news when they watched her announcement and have been "in contact privately."Daily Mail columnist Maureen Callahan joins me now with her thoughts on the latest on all of this. Maureen, welcome. Good to have you with us today.MAUREEN CALLAHAN, DAILY MAIL COLUMNIST: thanks.MACCALLUM: You know, your thoughts on this a few a few days after it all been said. Every person I had a conversation with over the weekend, at some point brought up this story.CALLAHAN Oh yes, it's the biggest story going. It's the only thing everyone's talking about. Same for me, Martha. What I think was very interesting were several things. First was the announcement itself. And the image of Kate sitting alone delivering her news, her diagnosis, telling her story, showing a lot of bravery.One gets the sense that had -- she had her way, perhaps she wouldn't have gone public this soon. But given all of the conspiracy theories that were flying around in the past couple of weeks, there were no shortage of jokes, especially in the United States. It felt as though her hand may have been forced, and yet she did it with so much dignity and so much class.Secondly, was the announcement out of Montecito that Harry and Meghan learned about this at the same time the rest of us did. And that tells us that the Sussexes are not trusted with an iota of information coming out of the British royal family. And sources close to Kate and William said as much over the weekend telling UK press they were not told, they are not to be trusted. Kate and William are putting the Harry problem behind them. They have far too much to deal with.MACCALLUM: Yes. It didn't surprise me at all, Maureen. I can't imagine why they would have given them a heads up, given the fact that, you know, the two of them have called the family racist, have you know, gone after Kate, which obviously did not go down well with her husband at all, and that breach appears to be pretty deep. Here's Piers Morgan talking about all this this morning, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PIERS MORGAN, UNCENSORED HOST: These two have spent the last four years pouring petrol onto the fire of the misery of the royal family. The idea that these two, from the California mansion, are now offering their thoughts and prayers, and demanding privacy when they've been attacking Kate, branding her and the king racist, of course we saw recently making other wild allegations about. Those two should sit this one out.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: That they should sit this one out is, Maureen.CALLAHAN: Yes, absolutely. I mean, Piers makes great points, you know? Let's not forget that Harry has said hateful things about Kate Middleton, the woman he once described as the sister I never had. He said that William did not marry for love, unlike him. He allows Omid Scobie, their sort of mouthpiece, their stenographer out in Montecito to spread all kinds of vile things, including the naming of Kate and King Charles, himself now battling cancer, as the so-called royal racists.And the idea that they would call for privacy for Kate and William, I mean, look in the mirror. I think we know who knows how to conduct themselves with a sense of privacy and who knows how to run to the media every five seconds caterwauling about their latest complaint. It's ridiculous.MACCALLUM: Well, you can only imagine what this was like for Kate and William to absorb when they were going through the King's cancer diagnosis and worrying about him, first of all, and secondarily what that might mean for them and their own future. And then she has this news to absorb as well in all of this. Tough times to be sure and many American families and all around the world know what this feels like, but are sympathizing with her to be sure. Maureen, thank you.Callahan: Thanks, Martha.MACCALLUM: Thank you very much, Maureen. See you soon. Thanks so much.So Senator Tim Scott on the big twist in former President Trump's fraud case and how it could help his campaign coming up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: So today is National Medal of Honor Day and for my new Untold Story podcast I had the privilege of speaking with two Medal of Honor recipients. Staff Sergeant Salvatore Giunta ran through enemy fire in Afghanistan in 2007, rescuing his injured squad leader and other wounded soldiers even after gunfire hit his own body armor, and Staff Sergeant Clint Romesha also ran through enemy fire in Afghanistan in 2009 taking out Taliban fighters who had his post surrounded. Even after getting injured by shrapnel, his team secure the outpost and kept enemy fighters from taking the bodies of their fallen comrades like so many other veterans and Medal of Honor recipients. These heroes insist that they are not the real heroes. Watch(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SALVATORE GIUNTA, MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENT: Clint and I are on your show right now representing so many amazing men and women that some of them still wear the uniform today. And to have this day gives us a chance to recognize them, highlight them, talk about them, you know, talk about America really, and what brings us together, not what divides us.CLINT ROMESHA, MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENT: you could have plucked me out and put any other red-blooded American in that position, and someone who was going to rise to the occasion because that's what we do as Americans. When we're challenged with adversity and facing that hardship, that's when we see the best of us.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Such humility, these two heroes are truly the best of us. The Untold Story podcast is available. It is Medal of Honor Day today, I encourage you to listen to it as a tribute to them and all of the other Medal of Honor winners to whom we owe so very much.And listen to former President Trump's response today when asked how he's going to pay the $175 million due in his civil fraud trial, 10 days from now.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Well, as they say, I have a lot of cash. You know I do because you looked at my statements. I mean, you've been examining my statements for a long time. And I have much more than that in cash. But I would also like to be able to use some of my cash to get elected. They don't want me to use my cash to get elected.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: All right. Let's bring in Republican South Carolina Senator Tim Scott. Senator, always good to have you here.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-S): Thank you.MACCALLUM: It sounds like the former president is going to have a whole lot more cash pretty soon when this spat goes through on Truth Social. There's a report in Bloomberg a little while ago that says that he will now be among the 500 wealthiest individuals in the country, thanks to this spec. So pretty interesting developments here, what was your reaction?SCOTT: Well, I think it's just disgusting that anybody would have to pay $175 million, and there's no victim because there was no crime. What is unbelievable is that we talk about election interference all the time, especially on the left. This is as close to election interference as I can imagine. I can't think of a worse decision of the state of New York in the legal system than to target the political opponent of the person they support.It is so disgusting, Martha, to see this two-tiered justice system play out. We know Joe Biden kept classified documents, but he doesn't have a memory that allows him to go before a jury. We know that the family has all kinds of tentacles around the world making money, nothing happened. The reason why Americans are so frustrated and disgusted with this justice system, whether it's New York or the DOJ, is because Lady Justice needs to wear a blindfold, and she doesn't hear. And that's just frustrating.MACCALLUM: Yes, it is frustrating. And as we say, you know, whether people are supporters of the foreign president or not, this parts of what's going on here, I think a lot of people find abhorrent. Are you surprised that this continues to fuel his election run?SCOTT: I'm not because if you are a red-blooded American and you believe in fairness, you believe in justice, you believe that America must be the fairest nation on the planet. And when you see this level of injustice, you are disgusted by it. And you will rally to the cause of the underdog.And this media, national media on the left, this justice system in New York, and the DOJ continues to make President Trump into a victim. And whether you're Republican or Independent and a few Democrats, you want a nation that the law and order applies to all Americans fairly. And we are watching with our own eyes that's just not true.MACCALLUM: I think that's true. And I think a lot of people find it horrifying, no matter what side of the political fence they're on, in this case, in particular.SCOTT: Absolutely.MACCALLUM: I want to play this for you. This is your fellow senator, Marco Rubio, and in an exchange with Jonathan Karl yesterday. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JONATHAN KARL, ABC NEWS CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: But you said it would be an honor to be offered a spot on his ticket, really?SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Yes. I think anyone who's offered the opportunity to serve this country as vice president should be honored by the opportunity to do it if you're in public service.KARL: Look what happened in the last guy. I mean, the mob stormed the Capitol, literally calling to hang Mike Pence. Trump defended those chants of hanging Mike Pence.RUBIO: I will tell you this, that when Donald Trump was present United States this country was safer.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: What would you say if pressed on that same question, sir? Quickly, if you can.SCOTT: Well, there's no doubt. Marco Rubio 100% right. We live in the greatest country. If you have a chance to serve this country, whatever it takes, you should be willing to do. Here's what I would say. Let's make sure that we get four more years of Donald Trump, because we can't afford anything else.MACCALLUM: Senator Scott, thank you. Always good to have you with us. Lots of coverage to come on the 2024 election. Thank you,, senator.SCOTT: God bless.MACCALLUM: And you as well, thank you very much. So that's THE STORY on this Monday, March 25t, excuse me. THE STORY goes on as always so we look forward to seeing you back here tomorrow at 3:00. Enjoy the rest of your evening and afternoon depending on where you are in the country. "YOUR WORLD" starts right now.