NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: At the corner of wall and broad today, the Dow soaring more than 320 points, the S&P hit a record today, NASDAQ up a lot.Tomorrow, the Federal Reserve announces its decision after a two day meeting. Not expected to move on rates but very much expected to possibly move the markets. Here's THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Jessica Tarlov, Dana Perino and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.Donald Trump hitting back while Democrats take their law fair to unprecedented levels, they could now start seizing his iconic properties. The former president has just six days to fork over nearly half a billion dollars in his civil fraud judgment or New York Attorney General Letitia James could throw a padlock on Trump Tower.Trump's lawyers say that making the $454 million bond is practically impossible under the current circumstances. But Tish James has been fantasizing about this moment for a long time.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LETITIA JAMES, NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL: If he does not have funds to pay off the judgment, and then we will seek, you know, judgment enforcement mechanisms in court. And we will ask the judge to seize his assets.We are prepared to make sure that the judgment is paid to New Yorkers. And yes, I look at 40 Wall Street each and every day.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Donald Trump unleashing on the Democratic law fair against them, listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I built a great company. One of the greatest companies anywhere in the country, especially when it comes to real estate, have some of the greatest assets in the world.And this is a rigged trial. This was a rigged trial by a crooked judge and a crooked attorney general, they'd like to take the cash away, so I can't use it on the campaign. And this is just a corrupt group of people. It's election interference, and we'll see how the courts rule on it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But this isn't just about getting Trump, it has much bigger implications for the country. Shark Tank star Kevin O'Leary not mincing words in how outraged he is over the whole thing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KEVIN O'LEARY, BUSINESSMAN: You think about America, the reason this is the number one economy on earth is that we have laws and we have due process, and we have property rights. It attracts foreign capital from all around the world.All of that is being shaken to the core here. It has absolutely nothing to do with Donald Trump at this point, in my view, and it is completely bipartisan.This is an attack on America. No one is going to put any money to work in New York in these amounts until this thing settles down. The whole world is watching. And everybody's waiting for one thing we haven't got yet, adult supervision.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Jessica, do you think Tish James has conducted herself professionally? She's out there eyeballing 40 Wall Street, kind of relishing, being able to seize it.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I don't think it's ideal. No. And I think that what she said on the campaign trail was definitely inappropriate that that was part of your pitch to the people of New York, that you were the one that was going to get Donald Trump.That doesn't mean that he didn't lie and inflate the value of his assets between 800 million and $2 billion. Of course, it doesn't. But it's not a great side-by-side picture, obviously, to hear her talking like that.And it was interesting when the news came out last night that 30 companies have refused to give him the money for his appeal bond. He got the money for the E. Jean Carroll settlement, Schwab gave him that, gave him the bond. People were rejoicing, right? Saying, well, this guy who's supposed to be so wealthy, right, doesn't have the cash to do it.And Mark Cuban of all people came to his defense on Twitter and said, I really don't like Donald Trump. I'm not voting for the guy. I think he's unbelievably corrupt, etcetera. But there's a difference between your net worth and what cash you have on hand. And the people who work in real estate famously are not keeping a lot of cash.But the problem is, is that Donald Trump told us that he had the money. In April, he was in a deposition for this case. And he said, developers usually don't have cash, they have assets, not cash. I have over 400, fairly substantially over 400 million. That's just cash. That's just cash.So, when was Donald Trump lying? Because he was either lying today or he was lying then.WATTERS: Well, he has 400 million cash. He just doesn't have 454.TARLOV: He said, I am substantially more than that. And you're telling me that the $54 million is the problem here? It's not.The issue is that we have no idea what's actually going on with these properties, how many mortgages he has out. That many companies don't say no to you, unless there's something wrong with your assets.WATTERS: That's not true.TARLOV: And Mark Levin went on Twitter last night saying where -- why are there no Republican multimillionaires offering to lend Trump the funds? Because the man is a credit risk, because the man lies about all of these things. And that's how he got into this level of trouble. And because he's going to be tied up in court.WATTERS: He doesn't have a sugar brother like the Hunter Biden does. (INAUDIBLE) There's never there's never been a bond this high in the history of the United States.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: I think this is the time to talk about how Joe Biden lies, because that's how Jessica would answer this question.Look, here's the bottom line, it's more than $454 million. It's 120 percent of that, that is almost a half a billion dollars in cash, give me a break. And I'll tell you why they don't want to take a risk and give him that money. The reason they don't want to take a risk and do that is because they -- this market, this real estate market in New York is very, very vulnerable. Nobody knows what the valuations are worth anymore. New York is now a crime ridden city. There is crime all over, immigrants all over, they're about to go bankrupt because of the immigrants in the hotels and all the areas of New York City.And there's another reason, not only is New York unstable because of the Democrats who've literally destroyed this city. But because of the fact that people in business fear Letitia James, they fear an absolutist, authoritarian, totalitarian, I will get him.If I ran for office under that line, they would have had me out on ethics grounds before I even made it to the office on the first day.But let me say one thing, no private company has ever been faced with this kind of money that they had to put up in order to appeal. Everybody understand, this is just so he can appeal. If he doesn't come up with a half a billion dollars in cash, he can appeal the case, which on Eighth Amendment grounds of the Constitution is an excessive fine by anyone's analysis.And finally, the thing and I heard this today is maybe it's time for him to go to federal court on this Eighth Amendment claim so that he gets some kind of proposal or something that gives him the chance to hold on for a minute.And by the way, her drooling, I look at 40 Wall Street, that is beneath the office of attorney general, stop being so trashy in the way you approach this defendant and in the way that you approach the resolution of this.WATTERS: Greg Gutfeld.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You know, I'm old enough to remember when the Democrats predicted that Donald Trump would operate like a mob boss, do you remember that? From "Morning Joe" to Rachel Maddow, he was the Godfather, he was going to like -- he was going to extort, it turns out, they were actually laying the groundwork so they could exact mob justice.You can predict what the Dems will do by the accusations of the people they don't like. Trump's inciting racism, they said in 2015, then five years straight, they incited enough racism to cause billions of dollars in incinerated cities.So, if you're not worried now, because you're not a billionaire named Trump, and you're missing -- you're missing the big story. We are all open game. They choose the person, they find the crime, they work out a law or the interpretation of a law, and then they get you.Inflated assets, this is part of the real estate world and the banks didn't have a problem with it. If you look at this as a movie, who are the good guys? Well, find out who the victims are. Oh, wait, there are no victims. So, it's the person that is prosecuting somebody on behalf of people that don't exist. Where would that money go? Oh, it's going to New Yorkers. What exactly does that mean? Would that go to a homeless program? Do homeless programs even exist? What happened to the $800 million?If this were a movie, the bad guy is Letitia James as much as you a Donald Trump. He is the victim here. Every day I spent in New York, I wonder who's next. Right? Because now they can do it. It's not whether they should do it. That doesn't matter. It's because they can do it.I don't know if the Democrats know what they're doing. You know, when you imprison nonviolent political opponents, while you don't imprison violent allies of your own, again, look outside or look at the -- look at the riots, you know, throw Peter Navarro in prison while he's on appeal, but not Hunter Biden while he was on appeal. Reverse engineer laws. So, suddenly, the statute of limitations no longer matters.Do you realize that this will come around, that they're redpilling a country? When you have a select group of people feel you need to be punished. It's predicated not on you being wrong, but they believing that you are evil than they think that they have a right to destroy you.WATTERS: Give me all your cash or I take all your property, that's not the American way.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I would just say this, every time they bend the rule of law to try to get Trump, they make him more powerful. And if you're weighing the court of public opinion, versus a court of legal opinion, Trump is clearly winning in the court of public opinion.So, they've screwed themselves up and then they're screwing over New York because the businesses who don't want to invest or scurrying out of here looking for other states that they want to go, which hurts everybody.So, I think she's a very -- Tish James, a very flawed messenger on this and I hope that he can figure out a way to get some relief. This seems so unfair.And I understand like the legal reason of why you make somebody pay a bond and all that stuff, but it does make -- when Judge Jeanine points out that no private company has ever been asked to do this. I do think that that makes a difference also for people at home watching.WATTERS: Sure does. Ahead, Joe Biden juicing up the fear factor to win back minorities.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Wages up across the board. So, folks, look -- I'm going on too long. I apologize.That must be my traveling staff.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Joe Biden out in Reno, getting an Oscar-style music send off after rambling on too long. Team Joe keeping a tight leash on Old Yeller while he campaigns out west. They even gave Biden maximum stability sneakers to avoid falling, but no amount of fancy footwork can solve the fact that the old man's got nothing to run. James Carville suggest Biden fill that void by going all in on Trobe.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: He's clearly going mad. And I would -- I would attack right now, I'd spend that money, I would jump all over him because my feeling is when your opponent is drowning, the first thing you do is throw him or her an anvil. And that's what he needs right now. He's drowning, give him an anvil.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Music to my ears.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Are those Halloween stores already open? Biden is already heeding that advice and turning to some good old-fashioned fear-mongering because he's losing key voters to Trump. The big guy now pumping out ads to try and win them back. But it looks like it isn't working.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: In 2008 and 2012, you voted for?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Barack Obama.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Barack Obama.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: 2016?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I vote for Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hillary Clinton.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: 2020?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Biden.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And who will you vote for in 2024?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You may vote for the former president?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I may.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why do you say that?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: My views on certain things have changed. It's just so expensive to survive. And we're planning on having kids. I don't want to live in a stressful environment trying to rub two pennies together to try to make it either.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Wow. Well, I guess according to Joe Biden, they aren't black.PERINO: Oh, I was just going to point out that it's not a surprise that they're going to put you back in chains, Joe Biden, remember that from 2012?GUTFELD: Mitt Romney.PERINO: That was an election cycle and he tries to scare black voters into supporting him. If I were the Trump campaign, I would just run that clip.GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: It's like it reminds me of when Guy Benson was at the first debate and we were in Milwaukee. And he talked to an Uber driver, a woman, black woman who said, I've never voted for a Republican. But I have a feeling that not only might I but everybody in my family might as well. And it was all about the economy.And even today, Larry Summers, who was big Democrat, was trying to warn Biden about immigrant -- inflation for a long time. He said inflation is probably worse than they realized.So, I know why he went to Wisconsin, he's going to try to figure out a way to run that up. But the problem is the AWFLs that you talked about, they are all for policies, like E.V.s, student loan forgiveness, the climate stuff, that are pushing up inflation and hurting the people that the Democrats have usually been able to reach.And so, I don't think that this is falling on deaf ears in the black community. Now, does that mean that President Trump can get them out there to vote for him? I think that remains to be seen. I think there's a lot that has to be done in terms of the actual get out the vote efforts at the RNC on the national level, but certainly at the state level, the RN -- the state Republican committee czar. No bueno.GUTFELD: Yeah. And they want to start a family. So, I guess that the abortion ruling won't have an effect on them, sadly, to all you Democrats.Jesse, I think Carville wants us to accept the premise, which is that Trump is drowning.WATTERS: I mean, he's swimming backstroke around Joe Biden. He's up in every battleground. He's ended up nationally, which is unheard of for a Republican candidate. And he's cruising to the nomination. It's going to be a nice convention.And Biden's afraid to debate him, I wouldn't say he's drowning at all. I mean, and he's saying go negative. What more can Joe Biden do to go negative against Donald Trump, launch a drone strike in to Mar-a-Lago, they're going to arrest him for the 17th time, take all of his buildings, all of his cash, what more could they call him? They've called him every name in the book.If you're a black American, and you would be offered a choice, would you rather have the Trump economy rather than the Biden economy? It's a no brainer. There was lower gas prices, only 2.47 a gallon under Trump, rates were lower. The inflation rate averaged 1.9 percent, Black homeownership was up. Black wages were up, extra $400 a month after four years.Wages are down under Joe Biden, rates are high, homeownership is out of reach, gas prices are high, because inflation is just eating everything.GUTFELD: It is. Judge, he's turning to fear-mongering, but fear-mongering is nothing new. Fear is an actual persuasion technique. So, is this that surprising?PIRRO: Well, it is surprising, because that's what they've been doing for the last three years. So, why all of a sudden are they coming up with this as like a new idea?You know, the truth is, what we just saw was what a lot of people are experiencing, and that is people who would never have considered voting for Trump, having lived the last three years under Biden, it forced to come up with an extra $11,000 a year to live the same way they lived under Trump are saying, wait a minute, maybe Trump wasn't so bad. Wait a minute, the economy was better until COVID, of course, hit men, they lied to all of us and told us we had to stay home and all that other stuff.But the bottom line is that you cannot -- you cannot be so authoritarian, so dictatorial, so totalitarian, that you say you must fear this man, when truth is that people don't fear him. They felt more freedom during Donald Trump.And, you know, they're not buying into it and blacks are not -- look, Trump is ahead with blacks at point where Democrats who have never thought it possible, and with the Hispanics. Why? Because not because they're black or Hispanic, but because they're real people.And they're saying, you know what, the economy matters to me, safety matters to me, the Democrats aren't helping me with either. And immigration is important to me. And I'm furious because as an African American, someone in the minority community, I am suffering where illegals are taking priority over the places where I want my kids to go after school. They're taking priority where they're getting credit cards and free food, free apartments, free health care, and I have to work.You know what, blacks, minorities, everybody are alike, I just want to live and make money. Have my family safe.GUTFELD: Jessica, you know that I'm easily frightened. What scares me is war, attacks on free speech, unchecked crime, city disorder and chaos, that happened under Joe Biden, who should be fear-mongering? I believe it should be me.TARLOV: Well, there are new crime stats. I know you love them.GUTFELD: Yes, but the crime stats are off, you know that.TARLOV: OK, you're right. They're comparing at action at the summer of 2020.GUTFELD: If you want to pivot, we could talk about the fun fact. I have it right here as a matter of fact, according to the Gutfeld Institute of Statistics.TARLOV: OK.GUTFELD: Most crime statistics are in -- are fallible because most aren't being reported correctly. That's from the Gutfeld Institute of Statistics.TARLOV: Heard that one before. Yes, I will not be sending you a big fat check for next year's research on that.The Biden campaign recognizes a very real issue with the soft vote with Latinos, and black Americans, the $30 million that they have rolling out after the State of The Union is going primarily into those markets, and they absolutely should. It's important, of course, to have Spanish language ads, up to 20 percent of the Latino population speaks Spanish, see ads in their own language.I wouldn't consider it fear-mongering, though, to tell people things that Donald Trump is saying, because we have seen that there is this void, where people don't remember the things that he said in rally speeches or when he was president. They don't remember details of the Trump economy. And you did. You were correct in the timeframe of this and the Trump economy was going well, and then COVID hit.That doesn't mean that it wasn't the Trump economy. It still means, for instance, that black unemployment is lower under President Biden than it was under Donald Trump, that we're creating millions more jobs under Joe Biden, and this is when it was "healthy" under Donald Trump, that millions more people have health care under Joe Biden than under Donald Trump.And yes, you're right, the Real Clear Politics average, our favorite, does have Trump up 1.7, I think it is today 1.8. But there have been five polls since the State of the Union that have Biden up.And we know how elections are won, and they're won with cash and Donald Trump's campaign --PERINO: Buy them?TARLOV: Yes, that's what Citizens United told us.WATTERS: Well, how are you going to win if you get your cash seized?TARLOV: What? No, I'm talking about actually fundraising, not his personal cash. So, the Biden campaign --(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: He has no money. He just got money from China.TARLOV: He didn't get money from China. And that's why they had to drop the stupid impeachment because it was like from another planet. Can I just --GUTFELD: What, Jessica?TARLOV: Great. OK, thanks.GUTFELD: I wasn't cutting you off.TARLOV: Well, a little. OK. So in February, the Biden campaign raised $53 million, which is the biggest fundraising haul that we've seen. The Trump campaign said they also had the biggest month ever, but refuse to tell you how much that is.And the real problem is the small-dollar donors. The people that you say love Donald Trump, they're not giving, he's down 63 percent from where he was at this point in 2019. You cannot win elections without people giving to your campaign, without caring about your campaign. And so, you can stand out there and you could wear a black for Trump t-shirt or a mug shot t- shirt. But at the end of the day, that's not --PIRRO: Would you rather have more money or higher numbers? Trump's got the higher numbers, OK, that's the end of it.WATTERS: He's actually overperforming and not fundraising as well.PERINO: And then what messaging is going to work to turn it around? We shall see I guess.GUTFELD: And I think I mean, to your point about, they don't remember what Trump said. Maybe they do remember what Trump said, but they're more interested in what he did. The things about what he said --TARLOV: I just told you the things that he did that were worse than Joe Biden economy.GUTFELD: No, you made some crazy spin.TARLOV: No, I didn't --GUTFELD: There's no spin here.TARLOV: If someone said to you, if you're a Black American and you're being told that you should like someone more because now he's been indicted. You won't find that offensive?GUTFELD: I know that's your angle that you're trying to like slap a felon on him because you think that will affect him.TARLOV: Slap a felon? The judicial system is doing.WATTERS: Good for you.PIRRO: Joe Biden system. Department of Justice.TARLOV: Oh, come on.WATTERS: Republican prosecutors and data?(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: Answer the question. The answer is no.GUTFELD: I have to get time for Jesse's book.WATTERS: Thank you.GUTFELD: Yes. Up next, hope you like electric, your gas car could go bye- bye if Joe Biden gets his way.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: Joe Biden is still charging ahead with his Dopey electric vehicle push that most Americans aren't buying. His administration is getting ready to finalize regulations that target gas-powered vehicles and would accelerate the clean vehicle transition by forcing automakers to more rapidly expand electric options in their fleets. But so far forcing car companies to sell EVs has been a bloodbath for their bottom lines.The CEO of Hurtz is resigning after the company's big bet on EVs went bust. America's Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm is in denial and thinks green energy is the way to go.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JENNIFER GRANHOLM, U.S. ENERGY SECRETARY: Most companies who are doing the investments in clean energy are not making these choices out of charity or because they're nice to have. They're doing it because their bottom lines demanded, goosed by the way by incredible tax credits.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Gavin Newsom is also having a tough time selling his E.V. revolution. A new study claims that California is unlikely to meet landmark goals for reducing greenhouse gas emissions unless it nearly triples its rate of reduction through 2030.OK, Dana.PERINO: Yes.PIRRO: All right, now, what Elizabeth Granholm just said, the Energy Secretary, she's saying they can't wait to get into it, businesses, because there bottom line benefits from it. Am I stupid or did I miss the point?PERINO: No, Jennifer Granholm drives me up a wall, and this should drive everyone up a wall. Remember the Black couple that we saw who said that they likely to vote for Trump and they want to start a family. Like, one of the things they're frustrated by is that the American Infrastructure Act, whatever it was called, it actually -- it goose inflation, at the same time it had all this big Green New Deal stuff in it.Do you know that the E -- electric vehicles were about eight percent last year. The guy from Hertz had to resign. And is she saying they want to do it for their bottom lines. No, you told them that they had to. This deal that they're going to do tomorrow is that they want roughly two-thirds of car and truck sales in 2032, not that far away, to be electric vehicles, and it doesn't work.And all of the federal taxpayer subsidies in the world are not going to change the fact of three basic things. One, we don't have the materials. We know that the materials have to come from adversarial places like China. And also, if they can come from here, we make it so difficult to get it out of the ground. It makes it very difficult.President Biden when he drove that electric Ford 150, Bloomberg source of materials for it. And it goes -- they found that it all went back to the Amazon and that the battery factory that produced it had poison an entire village in the Amazon. So, how do you like that awfuls? Let's talk about it.The emissions from actually building EVs on their batteries are terrible. We know that. And the market when it's allowed to work works. I would just ask the Democrats please stop trying to help us with your Green New Deal. Like, we'll get there when the technology is available.PIRRO: You know, Jesse, I like to think that Biden is pushing this. As Dana said, one of the regulations is coming out tomorrow. You like to think he's pushing it, yes, because the election's coming up. But this guy is serious about this and -- but the EVs aren't catching on. As Dana said, they're too expensive, they're too difficult to charge. I mean, charging power infrastructure, nobody wants them.WATTERS: I like to ride slow and low. I don't want to be all peppy with the weird-shaped vehicles. No one likes these things. It's a boutique car and the market penetration has been this big. You can't scale up green the way Jessica wants. It's just not there. Lithium as an energy source is just not dense enough. They need another energy source and there's not enough minerals in the world to make it work.Meanwhile, we got an electric grid that is like suffering from this huge jumping demand because everyone's plugging in cars, they have these big data centers, everyone's doing the air conditioning, we have all this chip manufacturing going on. Pick one. You can either just kill the rainforest and the whales or we can all live comfortably.PIRRO: You know, the truth is, Jessica, that people don't want this. But there's more -- there's something that gets in my craw and that is that China, OK, is benefiting from this. China is going to be making these E.V. cars in Mexico and that's what the whole bloodbath thing was about. But really is true that you know, the automakers aren't going to benefit from this. China is making the vehicles through their own supply chain. They have a mineral supply chain that we don't have access to.TARLOV: Yes, I wouldn't want if I was the Biden Administration to lose the support of these CEOs, and that's what is happening with this if they're not being allowed to have a mixed offering so that you have your gas guzzlers next year, EVs next year, hybrids and they're seeing a lot of success with hybrids which make sense if you think about what a big transition it is to go from oh, I'm driving a truck to oh, I'm driving a Tesla.If you get an in between you can feel better about your emissions, you can get the tax credit or a lower one than you would get if you went full E.V. and you could keep these CEOs happy and in business. But when you have companies of this size like Ford, GM, Mercedes Benz, Land Rover -- I mean, Aston Martin is in there too which is obviously a smaller luxury company -- telling you the same thing you have to heed that warning.And it's not -- it's not admitting defeat to just say we tried to do what we think is a good thing too fast, we're pushing back our goals to 2040, let's say.PERINO: Yes, OK.TARLOV: And people will go with it.PIRRO: But he's not going to do that Greg, is he?GUTFELD: No.TARLOV: Because he's awful.GUTFELD: Jessica, I always feel better after my emissions. By the way --TARLOV: I actually was going to say -- I was like, this is not an indoor emission, Greg. It's an outdoor.GUTFELD: Jesse, I disagree with you. Alternative energy is dense. And we should be calling them electric guzzlers. We're going to call cars gas guzzlers. Let's call these -- but you know what? This is another FIVE prediction that played out. You can't force a tech on a public when both the tech and the public aren't ready. The replacement theory here went bust, Jessica.TARLOV: Well, I agree with that.GUTFELD: As an alternative -- and I will defend EVs -- as an alternative, they're great. The innovations are to be applauded. I like a lot of stuff that Musk is doing. But an alternative is not actually replacement. When Nirvana exploded onto the music scene, we didn't immediately ban Credence Clearwater or Leonard Skinner. No, you had alternative rock and you had classic rock. The mistake was in the hubris of thinking that alternatives could replace the classic.The other big issue here is data. The climate people are constantly setting and resetting the climate doomsday clock and that's exhausted our good faith. The credibility bank has gone bust. No one believes by the way. No one in their hearts believes you can effectively measure the planet. If you just think about it for a moment. Think about it, can you effectively measure the planet? If you ask anyone, they will tell you they can't accurately do that. But forcing the public to adopt practices that hamper their lives based on bad stats, that you can measure.TARLOV: At the Gutfeld Institute.GUTFELD: At the Gutfeld Institute, nonprofit so send all your money to me.PIRRO: Yes. 501(c)(3).GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Up next, Get It Together. Jesse Watters dives deep into the minds of the woke radicals destroying this country in his brand new book that's out today.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: It's time to get it together and get yourself to the nearest bookstore. Finally, Jesse's latest literary creation hits shelves today in Get It Together: Troubling Tales from the Liberal Fringe. I read it, loved it. And here you are to tell the tale. Are you glad that this baby is now born?WATTERS: I am. It was a long pregnancy. And --PERINO: Yes. Like more like a horse.WATTERS: I feel like I haven't really mentioned the book that much and might be the first time many people are hearing about it. So, in case you are hearing about this for the first time, these are about 20 interviews with people that have personality disorders, Liberals that are on the fringe, people that want to legalize drugs, open the borders, legalize prostitution, empty the prisons, those types of people. And they told me their life story. I talk to them for hours.And what I learned from their life story explains why they believe what they believe. And as Greg said yesterday, when you're talking with a lot of these liberals, you're not dealing with rational people. You're dealing with people that have emotional problems that are trying to make their problems our problems. And what we need to do is just tell them to get it together.GUTFELD: You got a question for him?GUTFELD: Well, first, I got to -- I'm extremely touched for the acknowledgements to include me with your family. He says, I'd like to thank my beautiful and loving wife, Emma, and thanks for the title. To Ellie, Sophie, Jesse, and Gigi. You know, that is so sweet.PIRRO: So sweet.GUTFELD: That is very sweet.WATTERS: Gigi.GUTFELD: So, I have -- I have two questions. Is there anything in the book that you had to take out? And do you think this will help anyone besides you and your bank account?WATTERS: It'll help America and it will help the people who I interviewed. They're -- we're already seeing breakthroughs.GUTFELD: Right.WATTERS: And we had to change some of the names for legal purposes. We had to drop a chapter on a pimp. I interviewed a pimp for several hours and he told me how he handles women and it was eye-opening, and now I'm glad I dropped it.GUTFELD: OK.WATTERS: Because do I really need a pimp in here?GUTFELD: Yes, I don't think so.PERINO: I don't think so. I read -- I think that we -- like, he covered it. We covered it.WATTERS: We had a pretty -- we had a voodoo priestess. We don't need a pimp.PERINO: I learned -- I learned a new motto --WATTERS: What's that?PERINO: That your personal problems do not mean we need a cultural revolution.WATTERS: Yes.PERINO: I like that. I can be empathetic, I can be sympathetic to your problems, but you don't have to change -- I don't have to change my whole life because you had a bad upbringing.WATTERS: Just because someone had a rough start in life and they identify as a wolf, doesn't mean we have to have wolf bathrooms and I have to call you Wolfie.TARLOV: I'm going to leave that because it is your book release day and just say congratulations.WATTERS: Thank you, Jessica.TARLOV: And what was the process like writing this book versus How I Saved The World?WATTERS: Well, you should know, I did an interview for this book -- we did a chapter together. Remember you're on the Liberal fringe.TARLOV: Oh, I thought it was the pimp that you cut out.WATTERS: We dropped Jessica and we dropped the pimp. I tried to fight for you, Jessica. How I Saved The World was more of a -- Greg, how do I say it? Memoir.GUTFELD: Right. Yes, memoir.WATTERS: I was 40. I wrote my memoir just like Barack Obama. This was a process where I'd sit down, interview people for two to three hours, and then I'd have it transcribed, and that I have to write it based off that. My editor said nothing like this has ever been done before.TARLOV: The first man to do interviews.GUTFELD: True.WATTERS: And many people say that about things I do.PIRRO: Yes, yes. That's very interesting. You know what I like about the book, Jesse, is it that you say to mom and dad, you raised me well, I love you. That's very sweet. And that Get It Together is a quote that your mom used to say to you.WATTERS: When I used to misbehave, all she had to do was look at me, get it together. And I know what that meant and everybody knows what that means. Get it together.GUTFELD: Yes. And we need to hear more of that in this world. The parents have left the building and I think it's time for dads like you to step in.WATTERS: I'm America's dead just like you speak for all the men in America.GUTFELD: Exactly.PIRRO: OK. By the way, is there an audio for this book? Can someone buy it on tape?WATTERS: Yes, but it won't be me speaking.PIRRO: No.PERINO: That really hurts.WATTERS: I had to save my voice for THE FIVE.PIRRO: Oh, I get it.WATTERS: And "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME."PERINO: And aren't we good? Well, congratulations.TARLOV: Yes.PERINO: I'm sure it would be a bestseller.PIRRO: It's a great day.PERINO: I think your book will sell better than the Pope's?WATTERS: We hope.PIRRO: Oh, blasphemy.PERINO: I don't know. I mean, does the Pope have two shows?WATTERS: I don't think so. And he's not that great of a writer.GUTFELD: What does he do in the woods anyway?PERINO: I don't know. What does the -- what does the bear do?GUTFELD: I don't know.PERINO: Is the bear Catholic? All right, Jesse's new book is so dang good it might leave you in tears, so why not hit up a cry spa. That's next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: You know my co-hosts are always in need of a good sob session after I absolutely annihilate them. I actually read this and didn't realize it was funny. Thanks, guys. On the battlefield of facts, reason, and logic. And now, there's a place they can physically go to ball like a baby. Sob parlor is a pop-up cry spa that provides you with a spot to shed your tears.Greg, I heard that you are their number one customer.GUTFELD: That's right. I go there and just weep. Tears of joy for what a wonderful life I have. Thank you, God. You know what? This is a P.R. stunt obviously. These are places designed only for reporters in Midtown to do stories about to fill space like a cuddle bar. Do you remember the cuddle bars? Do you remember the places that you could go destroy things, like to let out your stress. And you go there and the only other people there are reporters.Now, if there are people actually using this, then they are a perfect mark to take advantage of. Any person paying $20.00 to cry has money and is extremely vulnerable. So, go after them.TARLOV: Dana, what are you thoughts?PERINO: I blame Tish James. Hedge funds and companies are leaving New York and droves. And this is the kind of reinvestment we get.TARLOV: Judge, don't you think though sometimes you just really need a good cry?PIRRO: No.TARLOV: No. No cry?PIRRO: No. The last thing I would do is pay somebody to cry.TARLOV: I would cry at home.PIRRO: You know, I mean, I'd take the 20 bucks and spend it on myself and then I wouldn't cry.GUTFELD: Give the money to charity and you'll feel better, you know. Walk out -- one of those guys that are with the garbage cans and the blue shirts that actually work for you, you give that guy 20 bucks. Your day goes up.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: True.TARLOV: Crying thoughts, Jesse?WATTERS: A lot of guys are now descending on this cry bar because that's where all the women who are vulnerable are.GUTFELD: Yes.PIRRO: Only you are thinking that, Jesse. Only you.WATTERS: I'm telling you, a lot of people that I know.PERINO: You think the pimp is going to be there?WATTERS: The pimp is really cleaning up, Dana.TARLOV: All right, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." There's going to be a major event this weekend in New Jersey, major event. If you want to see me, you go March 23rd to Northvale, New Jersey. And then the 24th, I'll be at Point Pleasant Beach, New Jersey. Dana is rumored to be there as well on Sunday. So, if you want to see us, you want to touch us and smell us, and have me sign the book --TARLOV: I don't think anyone wants that.WATTERS: -- and take a picture, I will be there entertaining all of your ferality. So, bring it on. Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," the Kate Middleton investigation.PERINO: Excellent.TARLOV: I'm going to watch.PIRRO: I'm going to watch.WATTERS: Judge?PIRRO: Oh, my turn. OK, it's allergy season. And you know how you really want to -- you got the itchy eyes and you want to scratch your eyes. But if you have an itch and you can't just seem to get it, take a page from this leaf-tail gecko named Gwen. Most geckos don't have eyelids, so they keep their eyes moist by licking them with their tongues. But most people can't do that, so we have to get allergy medication. I wanted music, Greg, but they wouldn't let me use it.WATTERS: Greg, hit it.GUTFELD: He's got a line at the bedroom. I tell you that much. Tonight, Kevin O'Leary, Adam Hunter, Kat Timpf, Tyrus. That's tonight. Watch it. Let's do this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Animals are great! Animals are great! Animals are great!(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: We haven't done this in so long. Oh, my God. It seems like forever, right? Well, this is a good one, a heartwarming tale where we go to some place in England. Take a look at this these are rescue dogs getting to pick their own toy. And the reaction, dare I say it, is priceless. Look how happy they are to get their own little toy.These shelter rescue dogs are from home and abroad and finds them home -- and then they find them homes all over England in a place called Wales, which is named after whales. Did you know that? Look how happy they are. We'll be right back.PIRRO: It's so sweet.WATTERS: Jessica, try to beat that.GUTFELD: Yes.TARLOV: I can't.GUTFELD: Try to do something hateful.TARLOV: That's not a You Go, Girl though. NBA fans or just basketball fans, dunk of the year coming last night. Minnesota Timberwolves star Anthony Edwards --PERINO: Wow.TARLOV: Unbelievable. He's six-foot-four. He scored over six-foot-nine, John Collins for the shot. It immediately went viral on social media which went crazy. His landing not as graceful. He dislocated his finger, but well worth it. He taped up 32 points, eight assists in the game.GUTFELD: So, he can walk now?TARLOV: What?PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: He's clearly walking.TARLOV: Dislocated finger.GUTFELD: No, I'm saying he was walking. Thank you.PERINO: OK, let me go.TARLOV: Oh.PERINO: Yes, I saw it. Can I go?TARLOV: Yes.WATTERS: Please, Dana.PERINO: OK, attention job seekers, in case like you're about to graduate and you don't know what you want to do, the U.K. Antarctic Heritage Trust is looking to hire five people for a five-month sit in Port Lockroy. This is including someone to count the number of penguins in the area. So, what you do is either you go run the gift shop or you could count penguins. And I think this might be a really good thing for somebody to do for your gap year.PIRRO: I'd like to do that.WATTERS: Can the penguins lick their eyeballs, Bret?