ANITA VOGEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: This week we will learn from Judge McAfee if Fani Willis can still oversee this case, we'll see what happens there.That is going to do for us, folks. We're going to see you next weekend.LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now. Have a goodnight.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday.Thank you for being here.You know, when I was growing up it wasn't that long ago, but long enough, I really looked forward to television on Saturdays and Sundays, particularly in the evening.I was glued to the screen watching "The Firing Line" with the great Bill Buckley, even PBS from time to time, particularly when they ran a series, "Free to Choose" based on Milton Friedman's book. We were introduced to great men, Meese, Saul, Hayek and so many others, Ronald Reagan. I miss that today, I really do.TV has changed a lot. We have a Congo line of guests, boom-boom-boom. And that's okay, and I try to do this program a little differently, slow things down, think about it, dig a little more deeply, even go into the great philosophers and writers and so forth.We have two of those great guests this evening. We have Victor Davis Hanson and Newt Gingrich.It will be a great show not because of me, because of them. But I do want to dig deeply.When you look at what has happened to our justice system and the law, how it is being used against President Trump, how it is being distorted at every level -- local, state, federal, civil and criminal; and you look at how the media are all supportive. When you look at how there are mobs and factions of citizens who think this is fantastic, and when you look at the Oval Office and Joe Biden who is behind the scenes and actually, out front now, encouraging this sort of thing and trying to take Trump off of ballots it, trying to rush the appellate process, destroying due process and the attorney-client privilege and all of these other things.This smells to me like the French Revolution.Just have a phony trial and get them to the guillotine as fast as you can, because we have a country to destroy, we know what is best. We want one party rule. Now, we are going to get there by hook or by crook.So I got to think of a book that was one of Ronald Reagan's favorite, certainly one of mine by a man named Frederic Bastiat. It's called "The Law." Frederic Bastiat was born in 1801 and he died in 1850, a very young man.He worked in the French Legislature and saw his country destroying itself, moving towards socialism and he said, which means it will eventually move towards communism.Individual liberty, private property rights, the whole rule of law is being destroyed, he said, right in front of our eyes. That is exactly what is taking place in this country today, exactly.That horrendous State of the Union address, the constant coverage of these outrageous rogue prosecutors, all Democrats. These rogue Democrat judges appointed by Obama and Biden, one after another, some of them elected locally in our inner cities by Democrats, all aimed at taking out a man who disagrees with them.I want to read you a little bit of this and then I want to encourage you to pursue it further on your own. It's called "The Law."Bastiat says, ". unfortunately law by no mean combines itself to proper functions. And when it has exceeded its proper functions, it is not done so merely in some inconsequential and debatable matters. The law has gone further than this. it has acted in direct opposition to its own purpose." These are profound words."The law has been used to destroy its own objective. It has been applied to annihilating the justice it was supposed to maintain, to limiting and destroying rights, which its real purpose was to respect it. The law has placed the collective force at the disposal of the unscrupulous who wish without risk to exploit the person, liberty, and property of others. It has converted plunder into a right in order to protect plunder and it has converted lawful defense into a crime in order to punish lawful defense. How was this perversion of the law been accomplished and what has been the results?"He was looking at his country, the influence that Marx was having on his country and throughout Europe. He said: "There is also a tendency that is common among people when they can, they wish to live and prosper at the expense of others. This is no rash accusation nor does it come from a gloomy non-charitable spirit.""The annals of history bear witness to the truth of it, the incessant wars, mass migrations, religious persecution, universal slavery, dishonesty in commerce and monopolies.""This fatal desire has its origin in the very nature of man -- in that primitive, universal, and insuppressible instinct that impels him to satisfy his desires with the least possible pain.""Men naturally rebel against the injustice of which they are the victims. Thus, when plunder is organized." he doesn't just mean financial and economic plunder, he means when you plunder the liberty of somebody."Plunder in its fullest sense it, thus, when plunder is organized by law for the profit of those who make the law, all the plundered classes try to somehow enter by peaceful or revolutionary means into making the law."So, his point is, it starts with a few but then everybody wants a piece of the action. Everybody wants a piece of the pie. "According to their degree of enlightenment, these plundered classes may propose one of two entirely different purposes when they attempt to obtain political power. Either they may wish to stop lawful plunder or they may wish to share in it." Stop it or share in it."Woe to the nation when the latter purpose prevails among the mass victims of lawful plunder, when they, in turn seize power to make the laws."He is basically saying, now everybody is in on it, which destroys the law, justice, liberty, and the civil society. "Until that happens, the few practice lawful plunder among the many. A common practice where the right to participate in the making of law is limited to a few persons, but then participation of the law becomes universal."This is why Thomas Jefferson said you can have tyranny in many forms including he said, tyranny of the legislature. If they do not comply with their oath and follow the Constitution and the limits placed on them, they are tyrannical, just because you vote for them does not mean they are not."And then men seek to balance their conflicting interests by universal plunder." That is what I am describing."Instead of rooting out injustices found in society, they make these injustices general. As soon as the plundered classes gain political power, they establish a system of reprisals against other classes." That's exactly what's going on against Trump and his supporters right now."They do not abolish legal plunder. (This objective would demand more enlightenment than they possess.) Instead, they emulate their evil predecessors by participating in this legal plunder. Even though it is against their own interests."What he is saying there is, do you understand? In America when you destroy your Constitution, when you destroy the Bill of Rights, when you destroy due process, the whole purpose of a trial; when you eliminate attorney- client privilege, when you target a single man in order to destroy him by hook or by crook with 91 felony charges from the Ku Klux Klan Act to federal elections, to the Enron obstruction, to documents, do you understand that you've destroyed the very foundation of the law and justice that is supposed to protect you?Do you think, you perpetrators are going to be unaffected by this? That is what he is saying."It's impossible to introduce into society," he says, "A greater change and a greater evil than this. The conversion of the law into an instrument of plunder. In the first place, it erases from everyone's conscience the distinction between justice and law."Again think about what they doing to Trump: "No society can exist unless the laws are respected to a certain degree. The safest way to make laws respected is to make them respectable. When law and morality contradict each other, the citizen has the cruel alternative of either losing his moral sense or losing his respect for the law," which is what is happening in this country."The two evils are of equal consequence and it would be difficult for a person to choose between them. The nature of law is to maintain justice, this is so much the case that in the minds of the people, law and justice are one of the same thing. There is in all of us a strong disposition to believe that anything lawful is also legitimate. This belief is so widespread that many persons have erroneously held that things are just because the law makes them so.""Thus, in order to make plunder appear just," plunder again beyond the property, the plundering of the law, the plundering of the justice system, ". that is in order to make plunder appear just and sacred to many consciousness. It is only necessary for the law to decree and sanction it."And you hear it today: You are not above the law. Wait a minute. The law is an ass the you are using it, rewriting it, changing it. No. It is just because it is the law and it is just because the government is using it and it is just because the prosecutors are bringing it and it is just because the judges aren't supporting it. It's just because we are going to have a trial, we are going have a jury.You say no, it's not. It is plunder. You are dressing it up as justice. "If you suggest a doubt as to morality of these institutions, it is boldly said you are a dangerous innovator, a utopian, a theorist, a subversive. You would shatter the foundations upon which society rests," hence Trump is Hitler. Trump is going to be a dictator.Trump is going to put people in prison. It is Trump, Trump, Trump.This man was a genius that he saw was going on in France. This is going on right now in the United States of America, thus he says, "There exists a law which sanctions slavery or monopoly or oppression or robbery in any form whatsoever. It must not ever be mentioned for how can it be mentioned without damaging the respect which it inspires now.""Still further, morality and political economy must be taught from the point of view of the law," now this perverse, bastardized law."From the supposition that it must be a just law, merely because it is a law."This is profoundly important to help explain what is taking place in this nation. People are being told that what is being done to Donald Trump is just, no, it is not. It is the criminalization of politics by the perversion of the law.Oh, no, no. You don't understand. We have heard it from leftists all over. We have heard from people here who are liberal, from different panels and so forth. He has been charged 91 times, you are telling me, he is not going to get convicted of something? Bastiat answers this.This is immoral. This is perverse. This is the destruction of your lawful society. And of course, it is going to devour all of us because no longer are the people that make the law just, no longer are the people who make the law and execute the law just. No longer are the consequences of the law just.This could apply to what would come later with the Soviet Union, the Communist China, Communist Cuba, to Islamist Iran and on and on and on, but the problem is, it is applying to our country.Just step back and think about it. Are we really willing to accept a Democrat administration, the Democrat prosecutors and Democrat judges imprisoning the former president of the United States, perhaps imprisoning him before the election? Is that what this has come to?This is the definition of the democrat party -- lawless, dictatorial, it wants a one-party state. This is the undoing of the American system.Now you know why I used to like the older shows and the hosts and how they went about explaining things. And how they would talk about things like the law like Frederic Bastiat.I will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.You know, speaking of these shows I used to watch as a young man with great thinkers and so forth, we have one with us right now.Victor Davis Hanson, who I have enormous admiration for and Victor is at the Hoover Institution. He is a senior fellow among other things.Victor Davis Hanson, even though the speech was very forgettable, it will go down in history as a footnote to a footnote of what presidents shouldn't say. I still want your take on it since I haven't heard. What did you make of the Biden speech?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW, HOOVER INSTITUTION: Well, he only becomes animated and angry when he is talking about his own domestic opposition, his fellow Americans. In other words, he does not to that level of invective or slander or smears when he is talking about the Houthis, or the Iranians, or the Russians, or the Chinese. So he comes alive when -- so he a deep loathing for half the country because he mischaracterizes them, almost every issue he brought up, Mark, whether it was the deficit, or crime, or the border, what he said was not true.And he knew what he said was not true, but he felt that if he was animated enough and angry enough, then the media and his supporters would think well, at least he is animated.So, I thought it was very a forced speech. There were some really bad scenes in it when he personally attacked the Supreme Court justices in the chambers of Congress or when talked about people not paying their fair share of taxes when his own son has now been charged with tax evasion and avoidance, and he just got a cheque that said loan repayment that was an obvious mechanism to dodge federal taxes.So I thought it was a disaster, myself and I hope it is not a precedent that you use these occasions to attack and smear and mischaracterize half the country.LEVIN: Victor Davis Hanson, was it the point of putting this so-called State of the Union and the Constitution where a president is to a tell Congress from his perspective in that branch the status of the country? Not to go up there and rant and rave and use it as a massive free in-kind contribution by the networks and others to your political campaign? He seems to abuse and trample in all traditions. Isn't that what he did?HANSON: Yes, I mean, I thought if he is going to talk about the deficit, he would say my fellow Americans, this has gone over many generations, many administrations. Let's come together and find a way to solve this every hundred days, every hundred days, we owe a trillion dollars. But he did not do any of that.He said, he did not try to have a consensus on the border. He did not have any consensus on crime. He just is in denial.And essentially, he was telling the American people, the subtext was, I undid everything of my predecessor and that has resulted in record low popularity about me, the president and my policies in general. And therefore, I am going to blame the people for the predicament I am in.And I've got to show to my base that I can scream and yell and should not be removed at the convention, and that was the vehicle he used to convey that.LEVIN: You're an expert on ancient history -- Athens and Rome -- and you know better than anybody else that republics don't survive forever. You know better than most people that most of the history of the world is not of Republicanism. Most of the history of the world is of empire, it is of dictators of one form or another, genocidal maniacs and so forth.So when you have a Republic like the United States, there is no guarantee it will survive in perpetuity. As a matter fact, none do. Do you see the undoing of this country in ways when you look at Athens and Rome that we are kind of repeating a lot of what happened there?HANSON: Yes, I do. I think, the last century of the Roman Republic and the four centuries of Athens and the common denominator is there is no symmetry in the law, that people use the law to go after political opponents on the expectation that no one would ever do that to them or if they did do that to them, it leads all in a cycle, a downward spiral.So what we saw with that circus in Georgia, what we saw with E. Carroll horrendous settlement, what we saw with James, what we are seeing with Smith, all of it -- all of it suggest that we do not have a symmetry of fairness of the application of the laws, and I think everybody knows that if Donald Trump had not run for president or if he had been a man of the left, he would not have been targeted.And now, the president is, if you are a conservative or you're a celebrity, especially if you're a businessperson in New York, you better donate generously to the James or the Bragg or the Eric Adams campaigns or you are going to be targeted, and that's not America, but that has a precedent in history and it's the unwinding of a Republic. We have no confidence in the laws.I think a lot of people have no confidence in the fair application of laws because of this administration.LEVIN: Isn't that why the Democratic Party wants to change the voting system and self-righteously proclaims that they want more people to vote? Don't they want to change the voting system so they never lose again? Isn't that's what going on here?HANSON: I think it is. I think the biggest revolution that we missed was under the pretext of COVID in 2020. We went from 70 percent on average voting on election day to 70 percent not voting through mail-in ballot or early voting or absentee ballots, and yet, the rejection rate of fraudulent ballots died by a magnitude, down to 0.3 to 0.4 from four or five in most states.And I think they understood what had happened and that was an opportunity, and I think, we are really mischaracterizing the open border. It was by intent for that purpose.LEVIN: You were sitting in the audience when the late Governor, a Democrat, Lamm of Colorado stood up and he cited your book, "Mexifornia" and he said things that Democrats dare not say today or if Republican say them, they come under a horrendous attack, which is if you want to destroy America and I will cut to the chase and do exactly what we are doing on the border right now, that it's how you destroy America.You remember that? What do you think about that?HANSON: Yes, I do. Governor Lamm, I remember, he was an old fashioned centrist Democrat and he fought his own party, but even Bill Clinton and his wife in '92 and '96 at the Democratic Convention sounded pretty much like Donald Trump. They wanted -- at least they felt they had to sound that way.But this is not naive, it is not incompetence. This is a choice. This is a deliberate plan to let in eight to 10 million people that will not only grow the state and the entitlement industry, but more importantly under this new protocol of absentee or mail-in balloting, it will give them opportunities to flip states in the way that they feel they flipped Nevada and California. Now, they are looking at Arizona and may be, you know, Georgia or Texas someday.It is all planned and they know it and anybody who objects is considered an advocate of the great replacement theory even as they brag with book titles like "Demography is Destiny" or "The New Democratic Majority" So, they know what they're doing.LEVIN: So, you destroy the law, you destroy the border, that is citizenship.When we come back, people are destroying the law and destroying citizenship. I guess, they are fundamentally transforming America.Do people love their country when they are intentionally entering into policies like this and doing it to the American people?And then secondarily, I have asked this of others, why do tens of millions of people vote for their own destruction?We will be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I am Jon Scott in New York.Ukraine's Foreign Minister is pushing back against Pope Francis who called for Kyiv to have "courage to raise the white flag." The pontiff said Ukraine should be the stronger nation and negotiate with Russia. He is also encouraging Kyiv to think of its people as the war between the two rages on.Tens of thousands have been killed since the war began. The Foreign Minister argues this is a battle between good and evil, and says Ukraine will not negotiate.Other leaders are also condemning the Pope's comments.It is an important week for former President Trump. A US district judge will hear arguments on two motions to dismiss his classified documents case in Florida. Trump's legal team and prosecutors will argue whether the charges against him should be thrown out due to the Presidential Records Act.The hearing is set for Thursday.I am Jon Scott and now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Victor Davis Hanson a two-part question. You love your country when you're trying to destroy it like this, intentionally? And number two, why do tens of millions of people vote for their own destruction?HANSON: Onto the second. First, I don't -- I think they either feel that they're not voting for their own destruction because of the power of the media or social media or the corporations or the boardrooms or the corporations or entertainment, all of these institutions are not just liberal now, but they are radically progressive, and they have a monopoly on the communication and transmission of the news. So I think a lot of people are victims of that.But more importantly, I think they're promised something. They've been told that Donald Trump and the MAGA people are dangerous to the Republic, and they have any means necessary, are allowable to end that Republic.I think there's been a radical shift, Mark, the bicoastal elite product of globalization in this century. We are enriched beyond measure, and the people in the interior were not and they feel that that was sort of an arbiter on relative morality and genius. And they think the losers are bitter and angry, and we are the anointed.What they don't understand is they're not -- they're going to be subjected to the consequences of their own ideology, we already see it with some of the pushback in San Francisco on ballot measures.Their zip codes and their money and their neighborhoods cannot protect them from the monsters they've created. And so that's going to be interesting to see if we can -- if they'll switch quick enough, or at least enough of them will switch before they destroy us.LEVIN: And this issue of love country, when I watched this Biden speech, he didn't sound like a man who loves this country. It sounds like a man who hates every institution in the country.He sounds like a man who demands that every institution bow to his demands. He sounds like a man who is prepared to further burn down the culture, whether it's the border, whether it's the justice system, whether it is the economic system, whatever it is -- women's sports, and utterly unhinged.And so my question is, how is it even possible that a man like that isn't 10 percentage points behind say, Donald Trump?HANSON: I don't know. It's baffling to me. He has no empathy for any of the consequences of his policies. He never talks about the people who are killed through open borders, or if he does, it's only for a cheap political gain. But there's thousands of people whose lives are disrupted.He doesn't care about the destruction of women's sports and what that does to young women, he has no concern. He talks about abortion and abortion, but there's five to 10,000 partial birth abortion every year that no one talks about.So he is a very callous person. It's almost a Stalinist idea that to make his progressive omelet, he doesn't care about all the human eggs that he breaks.He likes humanity in the abstract. He doesn't like humans. And that came across in that speech, just yelling and screaming at all of these imagined enemies.We are not his enemies, but he seems to want us to be his enemies and he wants to demonize us and I think to destroy us, I really do believe that.LEVIN: Are we given the permanent state, the massive bureaucracy, the courts, lifelong politicians, and how difficult it is to reverse things, even if when we win elections, the efforts of sabotage, coup efforts, impeachment, criminal investigations -- are we still a Constitutional Republic? Or are we a post Constitutional Republic trying to hold on to what's left?HANSON: I think the latter. I think, in the next two or three elections, we're going to either lose the Republic entirely, or we're going to try to crawl back. But I think the problem is we have people who are not elected, and have no intentions of turning their policies over for public appeal, and they are judge, jury, and executioner on all of these policies.They have enormous resources, and it is going to be very hard to dislodge them, and I don't think we've understood that peril. The Republican Party hasn't understood it. They've tried to slow it down a little bit, but I guess we're at the point where the historian Livy has said, the medicine is worse than the disease because what's necessary, we all know what's necessary, Mark, it is to get rid of Cabinet, whole Cabinet seats, whole bureaus. Cut back government, balance a budget, defang all of these bureaucrats but we failed to do so.It would be so hard that we'd be called racist, we'd be called xenophobes, tribalists, so we don't -- we just are paralyzed. We're ossified.LEVIN: Yes. We're handed a scarlet letter. It gets very, very difficult when they control the media, the culture, the politics, Hollywood, the whole kit and caboodle, but we can't surrender. You've got to just keep doing everything you can because that's the only option we have.Victor Davis Hanson, I want to thank you for everything that you do and write and say, just fantastic. God bless you my friend.HANSON: Thank you, Mark, for having me.LEVIN: When we come back, Newt Gingrich.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Another very smart man, our buddy, Newt Gingrich, who used to sit back there as Speaker and watch presidents speak. I'm sure this time it would have been very difficult.It was a grueling, exhausting speech, not for Biden, but for the rest of us. You know, Newt, it's been three days since he gave the speech. I think it would go down in history, if it goes down at all, as the worst State of the Union speech in history.But I want to get a little beyond that. I watched this speech. It's very upsetting, very frustrating. The serial lies and distractions and all the rest.But I started really taking a measure of this man, Joe Biden.You know, he has been around a long time. We've been around a long time. We think we know who he is. But the extent at his core and his soul of who he really is, I thought came out big time during the course of that speech.When you watched that speech, surely in your mind, you were thinking, similarly, what am I dealing with here? What are we as a nation dealing with? What were your thoughts?NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL POLITICAL ANALYST: To have somebody who is such a vicious, dishonest liar standing in front of you, and know that you can't get up and jump him, you can't hit him in the back of the head. And I thought Johnson, you know, he would nod no, he would laugh at things that were absurd. So I want to give him some credit here.I wasn't surprised. I have for a long time concluded that Joe Biden is a dishonest, lying, corrupt person who has no regard for his own country, who is pathetic in his inability to protect America anywhere in the world. And who, frankly, I think is rapidly going to become maybe the second worst president in American history, and I think that it's just astonishing to watch him.But I thought, the speech the other night was beyond the pale. I went back and read Harry Truman's 1948 State of the Union. It is patriotic, unifying, visionary. The comparison -- because Truman is clearly their model and Truman in September and October was very partisan. But in January and February, he was the president of the whole country.But what we saw, I think, the other night was the, we don't have a commander-in-chief, we have a Democrat-in-chief. We don't have a president, we have a chairman of the Democratic National Committee and I think it is a disgraceful performance.LEVIN: And of course, he is celebrated in the Democratic Party media, but not by very many other people.Do you think this is a consequence of him and half a century of him? Or do you think because he is so chameleon like, that it's really the Democratic Party and the radical elements of the Democratic Party that are leading this direction? Or is it him that's leading the party?GINGRICH: No, I think he's sort of evolved this way. But it's also that he is surrounded now, think of this as the third Barack Obama term. He is surrounded by left wingers. They have a worldview that is radically different than us.You know, you have -- you really have in this country today two alternative realities. You have a group of people who believe that if you bribe the Iranians and you abandon Israel, and you accept people can have 297 different sexual identities, et cetera, then you're a good person. They believe that. I mean, you have to at least give them credit that they are genuinely weird, and that they're sincerely weird. Biden has decided that he is part of the weirdness. And that, therefore, it has to be good, because he is for it.But this is, in fact, probably the most corrupt man ever to be president. He's a man who is a serial liar. Her is closer to the Sopranos, than he is to a normal American president. And, you know, they accomplished two things, I have to be in all honesty, they proved he could, in fact, speak energetically for over an hour and I thought pretty intelligently, drift out of the House chamber, slowly proving it enough extra energy, enough ability to engage so they got out of the way.Second, they destroyed any effort to get him off the ticket. If you watch the number of Democrats jumping up yelling "four more years," there's not going to be any effort to dump Joe Biden.So at one level, if I were Donald Trump, I'd feel this was a pretty good speech, because he just locked down that he is going to be the Democratic nominee. And as "The New York Times" reported last Sunday in what I thought was an amazing article, the chief analyst, Nate Cohn said, "People just don't like Biden." That's his biggest problem.LEVIN: Well, what's to like? I mean, his personality is horrendous. What's to like? The way he speaks and the way he attacks people?Let me ask you this. You said he's the second worst president ever. Who's the first? I can think of Buchanan. I can think of Woodrow Wilson. Who would you say is the worst?GINGRICH: I think I have to say Buchanan because he allowed the south to seize all the federal arsenals and he allowed the concept of secession to grow under his presidency, and aggressive -- you have to go back and look at how Andrew Jackson, a generation earlier handled the idea of secession and he was going to mobilize the Army and South Carolina backed down.Had we had an Andrew Jackson in the 1850s, we probably wouldn't have had a Civil War.LEVIN: Of course, the Democrats hate Andrew Jackson too, even though he was a Democrat.Let me ask you this about Joe Biden. Joe Biden, threw in with the worst racist segregationist senators imaginable -- Eastland, Stennis Talmadge, Byrd -- when he came into the Senate. He was not just the young, you know sophomore coming into the Senate or junior coming into the freshman, he was a leader.He wrote legislation and he got Eastland to back it to oppose integration and so forth and so on. Now, he walks around like he is the great hope, he is the savior of democracy. How dare you challenge him and challenge his viewpoints and so forth? How does he get away with this transition from one of the big time segregationists, racists 50 years ago, to really pretending to be the great hope?GINGRICH: Well, first of all, remember that Delaware 50 years ago, was a dramatically more conservative and more southern state. It was actually more sympathetic to Jesse Helms than it was to John Lewis.Second, you cannot overstate the importance of the elite news media. They're going to cover Biden, they're going to protect Biden, they're going to defend Biden, they are so -- they hate Trump so deeply that no matter what Biden does, they're going to prop him up, because he's the only hope they have of stopping Trump from getting to be president again and the prospect of a Trump presidency is so terrifying if you are in the news media, that anything you can do, no matter how big the lie, anything you can do counts.You may remember that in the 1930s, "The New York Times" won a Pulitzer Prize for a correspondent in Moscow, who explicitly, deliberately lied about Stalin, refused to report on the famine that killed 10 million people in Ukraine and was generally a despicable person, got a Pulitzer Prize.While the same thing is going on here. This is comparable to the degree to which they lied about Castro, and the degree to which they lied about Stalin. And all of the elite media has joined "The New York Times" in a conspiracy of dishonesty trying to prop up Biden and more importantly, trying to stop Donald Trump.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Newt Gingrich, I'll raise it because nobody else will. What if the Democrats get what they want? What if President Trump is found guilty in one of these 91 bogus charges and they can say he is a convicted felon, that these courts are so corrupt, they may not allow him to appeal in a timely way. Maybe they won't even stay the sentence? Are we to expect that 70 million Americans are going to tolerate that and just put up with it and be happy on Inauguration Day with Joe Biden? How is this going to play itself out, do you think?GINGRICH: You're going to have turmoil either way. If Trump wins, you're going to get turmoil on the left. If Trump loses, you're going to be a turmoil on the right.I mean, we're not headed towards a picnic right now. We're headed towards a huge cultural crisis between a totalitarian left and everybody else in America.The problem the left is facing is that with every passing week, it is more obvious that the justice system is corrupt, it's more obvious that the whole thing is rigged and I think that builds a momentum for Trump, that begins to be almost unassailable.And I think that it would be an enormously dangerous thing for them to move forward, and at some point, I have a hunch, I could be totally wrong, but at some point, I have a hunch that the attorney general is going to pull the plug and say, you really can't try somebody in the summer and fall of a presidential election year, it's just not sustainable.And I think as it sinks in, you're going to see members of the House and Senate go crazy. You're going to see governors and attorney generals go crazy. They're all going to say, this is totally unsustainable, and you can't do it.And one of the breakpoints, frankly, was the size of the fine that they totally illegitimate and dishonest, left-wing judge in New York, all of a sudden, people woke up and said, that's crazy. And I think day by day, more Americans realize, you have a system, which is deeply, seriously corrupt at levels that we've never imagined.LEVIN: I can be quite wrong, and I'll bet you a dollar that the attorney general doesn't intervene to stop a damn thing. Because if he's going to do it, he ought to do it now. He's got many opportunities to do it, and he's not taking any. I don't think he's going to play right to the end of the wire.Here's the problem and here is the reality. Despite all of the media and the propaganda, and unfortunately, this is considered counterintuitive, and I believe it's intuitive. That is, if Donald Trump doesn't win, we're going to lose our justice system forever. We're going to lose these traditions, these practices, our constitutional system forever.And you're an expert on these things, a historian, what the radical left does, whether in our society or other societies, they project onto their opponents, who they are and what they actually believe and they use propaganda to push it.So it is they who want to destroy the electoral system, it is they who are more fascistic and Marxist and that's why they project that and character assassinate Trump.Your final thoughts?GINGRICH: Well, that's exactly why the Supreme Court voted nine to zero that it was the Democrats in Colorado, not Trump, who are the threat to democracy. And it's no wonder that Joe Biden in an unprecedented way, attacked the Supreme Court while they were sitting there in the State of the Union unprecedented, because from the standpoint of the left, the Supreme Court may be the last bulwark of defending American liberty, and they are growing to just hate it.LEVIN: That is such a profound point. Very, very important and we will see how it goes down the road. They're threatening the court now, you better rule our way on immunity and you better do this and you'd better do that. They've threatened it with packing it.Roosevelt did. They do now. It's really quite terrible. They're attacking all of these institutions, constitutional institutions, including the founders while they're waving around the Constitution.Newt Gingrich, you're a national treasure.Thank you, my friend and God bless you, sir.GINGRICH: Good to be with you. Thank you.LEVIN: We'll be right back(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Well, obviously, events that are swirling around us are very daunting. And we can surrender, we can give up. Our forefathers did not, they refused.I get asked all the time and I may have mentioned this once before: Mark, are we going to win the election? Mark, are you optimistic or pessimistic? Mark --Whatever. I'm not Nostradamus. Why does it matter? What matters is that we fight and we don't give up.Do you think George Washington was contemplating whether he was an optimist or pessimist when he lost most of the battles against the British? At Valley Forge when he could have easily given up or other battles? That the odds just seems so overwhelming, so great -- and yet we won after eight years.So my answer to everybody is, don't even ask the question. It is about spirit, motivation, patriotism. The good guys need to win and we are the good guys.See you next time on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.