JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Quite the incentive program to come here, wouldn't you say?TOMI LAHREN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Just saying.CONCHA: Gosh.ANITA VOGEL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Thank you, Biden.That does it for us. We're going to see you back here tomorrow at 7:00 PM Eastern for "The Big Weekend Show."LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN starts right now.MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST, "LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN": Hello, America. I'm Mark Levin and this is LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN Saturday.You know, something is playing out in our country and in our politics that is very, very important. It actually goes beyond Israel and Judaism and the horrors of Hamas and so forth. It is the Democratic Party.If you criticize the Democratic Party, you will be attacked as a racist, as an antisemite, as a bigot, as a homophobe, or whatever it is.The Democratic Party, as I've demonstrated in the last few weekends is a totalitarian party, that's the mindset, to try and imprison their political opponents, to try and trigger a coup against people they disagree with and say Israel; wide open borders, the purpose of which is to change the citizenry to accommodate the Democratic Party's agenda, and on and on and on.Now, we have a situation here in America, which has played out right in front of our eyes over the last six months, and that is, since the Israelis were attacked on October 7th by subhuman terrorists who call themselves Hamas, Israel has come under attack diplomatically, publicly, economically, and even militarily now, not by the United States of America, but by the Democratic Party that runs the executive branch, and pretty much the media, that is the Democratic Party.And what are they doing? Well, I'll tell you what they're doing. First of all, was Donald Trump, right? Was he right when he said if you're Jewish, basically, if you vote for Democrats, you're voting against yourself. You're voting for antisemitism, you're voting against Israel. Really? What was so wrong with that statement?I've said it myself, so have other conservatives and patriots who see what's taking place. You literally are going to have people standing in line, Jewish people behind other people who are talking about river to the sea and the obliteration of Israel, voting for the same candidate. How can that be?And so when you point it out, all of a sudden, oh, you're entertaining an antisemitic trope. No, we're not. We are calling out antisemitism in the Democratic Party. The Democratic Party has a history of racism, bigotry, eugenics. It has a history of attacking minorities, all through most of its history -- slavery, segregation, separate, but equal -- and then it wants to claim that it's the savior party.All of those segregationists were Democrats, all of those filibusters led by Democrats, and supported in many respects by their current President, Joe Biden.So I want to really drill down on this. Let's start.Was Donald Trump right? You damn well, he was right."Washington Post": Biden imposes sanctions on Israeli Westbank settlers. He doesn't put sanctions on any Palestinians who are slaughtering Jews, committing acts of terrorism. No. Or anywhere else in the world -- on China with the Uyghurs? On Russia with the Chechens? And we can go all over the world.No, just the Jews in Judea and Samaria. Why? Because he wants them out of there. That's why.Senate Democrats Eye Israel conditions and latest defense package snarl: What's that all about? The Senate Democrats are prepared to cut off Israel as it fights for its very survival. Cut off Israel? Does that sound like they are pro-Israel?Here We have another one. Reuters: US Senate Democrats block Republican bid to aid Israel, not Ukraine. So the Republicans say let's just fund support for Israel, so they have their armaments. The Democrats in the Senate following Biden's lead say no.The Biden administration is investigating Israel's possible war crimes despite public claims to the contrary. Here it is in one of the most rabidly left-wing news sites, "The Huffington Post." War Crimes, Israel? Yes.How the Gaza Ministry of Health fakes casualty numbers. We had that gentleman, the professor on this program last week. They lie about their casualty numbers. They're a terrorist organization. They are a propaganda organization. And yet, as "The New York Post" points out, Hamas says Gaza's death toll stats are pure fiction yet world median leaders like Joe Biden still use them to smear Israel.Why is Joe Biden using provably false Hamas statistics to paint Israel as the aggressor trying to kill Gazan civilians? Why is Joe Biden doing that? Why are the Democrats doing it? Why are the American media doing it?Here we have Biden administration reportedly is now delaying arms shipments to Israel. Now we have -- oh, but most of the Palestinians want peace with Israel. We've got to have this two-state solution. We've got moderate Palestinians and so forth.No, actually, most of them are not, according to surveys done by Arab organizations and Palestinian organization, over and over again. The latest one I found was from the other day.Poll: Over 70 percent of Palestinians still maintain Hamas was correct to commit October 7th atrocities. Oh, mostly peaceful, huh?"Jerusalem Post," an editorial, which is a left of center newspaper in Israel. No, Joe Biden, most Palestinians support Hamas, survey after survey. Oh, but we will create the second country because we will make sure.Biden presses Netanyahu working toward a Palestinian state. He has been doing this for decades, despite the fact what I just showed you, that in the culture of that community, of that group of individuals, they don't want to live side by side in peace and they've had a hundred opportunities to do it.This is the reality, but Joe Biden doesn't care. He is prepared to carve up Israel. He is prepared to stop Israel from defeating Hamas.Joe Biden is the biggest propagandist and special pleader for the enemy. He stood between good and evil, and he is siding with evil.The verdict on Schumer: "The New York Sun." Schumer has been widely condemned even in liberal Jewish organizations and communities. That speech he gave on the Senate floor, the Democrat leader in the Senate, the Democrat Majority Leader, the highest ranking Jewish person in Congress gave one of the most horrendous, antisemitic, anti-Israel speeches in the history of the Senate, which is now being repeated and used by the terrorists and other enemies of Israel, both overseas and in our country, they are citing Schumer. He gave them cover.Now, what just happened? Nineteen Senate Democrats, you can see, urge Biden to publicize framework for establishing Palestinian state. So don't defeat Hamas, lose to Hamas. Don't stop Iran and their nuclear weapon, create a new country, which will be populated by the very elements that are trying to destroy Israel, because they will. They will take it over regardless. It will be an Iranian puppet state.And now 19 Democrats, because you see Schumer opened the door to the whole thing. They're saying, let's do a framework. Chuck Schumer.Chuck Schumer says I'm very balanced about these things. NBC News: Chuck Schumer rejects Netanyahu's request to talk to the Democrats as Israeli leader addresses the Republicans.You notice the Republicans are not doing any of this other than trying to support and defend Israel."The Daily Mail": Biden calls Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu a bad effing guy, in latest foul-mouth tirade from 81-year-old president.He has been doing this for 20 years because Netanyahu will not agree to a two-state solution. This is what Biden is doing.Now, does it sound like that party is pro-Israel? Does it?Biden administration officially turns on Israel, because it has. The Biden administration's antisemitism blind spot. We have rabid antisemitism going on in this country. We have a Chabad synagogue that was destroyed. We have Jewish grocery stores that are -- this is going on every day.We have Jewish kids in colleges still scared to death, there are surveys on that. Has Biden even given a speech about this? No. Has he made this an issue? No.He sends his senior advisers to Dearborn, Michigan. He sends them to parts of New Jersey, sends them to parts of California where there are concentrations of Muslims and Arabs to beg them to vote for him, to beg them.Has he criticized the colleges and universities, hundreds of them that are allowing antisemitism to spread on their college campuses? He did. When? When?The guy mumbles about everything else. What did he do? He did nothing. What else?Antisemitism reaching historic levels in the United States in the Biden administration. Under Joe Biden. Gee, I wonder why.This is "The New York Post": Antisemitism is reaching historic levels in the US following the October 7 attack on Israel by Hamas. Christopher Wray, FBI director said this is a threat that is reaching in some way, sort of historic levels in part because as you know all too well, the Jewish community is targeted by terrorists really across the spectrum.The FBI director noted that the Bureau's statistics show that Jewish Americans are disproportionately the victims of hate crimes, including the majority of religious based attacks.In fact, he said, our statistics would indicate that for a group that represents only 2.4 percent of American public, they count for something like 60 percent of all religious based hate crimes.What did Biden say? Islamophobia. He is worried about Islamophobia. Well, let me tell you something, Biden, there is no systemic Islamophobia in America. It exists in Iran where your buddies are, and all throughout the Middle East where Muslims are slaughtering Muslims, not in America.Look at this. Gallup poll: Democrats' sympathies in Middle East shift the Palestinians.Look at this. Michigan, Friday ,sermon by Imam Abdou Zindani: One day, the Muslims will slaughter the Jews like sheep. Oh Allah, make us soldiers for you, make us die the way you want us to die.This is all over the internet. MEMRI is the greatest place. What's the FBI doing about this? What's INS -- the old INS doing about this? What did Biden say about this?No, they're attacking Trump. They didn't say a word.What about this one? Friday sermon by Florida Imam, Dr. Fadi Kablawi: Oh Allah, make this Ramadan a blessed month of victory. By Allah we will seize, enjoy, live in the Jewish settlements. We will inherit the land, homes, property of the Jews.Right here. What do you hear from our courageous leader, Joe Biden? You don't hear a damn thing.Well, Donald Trump sees all of this. He is watching it. He is reading it. He is hearing it.And he says in a radio interview to my buddy, Sebastian Gorka, and I paraphrase, why did the Jewish people vote for a party like this? Or vote for a candidate like this who have turned on Israel, and are doing very little of anything about antisemitism? This is coming from a man who the Israelis believe was the greatest American president to help Israel, and he did it in hundreds of ways.He went after Iran. He went after the terrorists and the PLO, he cut them off financially. They were in a box. Iran was collapsing. He threw out funding for UNRWA because he saw what that was doing, too.He put in place the Taylor Force Law, which prevented any American money going to the PLO, as long as they continue to support terrorism, and use that money to give pensions to the families of terrorists.He did so many things: The Abraham Accords and on and on and on. And now they dare call him an antisemite because Dana Bash and Chuck Schumer's effort to divert attention.Let me explain something to Dana Bash and Chuck Schumer and reprobates of their sort. We don't owe loyalty to the Democratic Party. None of us. Why the hell would we?Whether you're Jewish or Black, the history of the Democratic Party is one of evil. It's one of racism. It's one of segregation. It's one of antisemitism limiting the number of Jews who could come to the United States in the 1930s and 40s, who wound up in gas chambers. They don't get to rewrite American history. We get the pushback.When Donald Trump says, wait a minute, why would you vote for a Democratic Party given what they're doing? And I just showed you, just a little bit of it, how they obviously have turned on Israel and are betraying Israel, and in our own country are embracing, promoting, and seeking the votes of people who listen -- not all people -- but to many people, the river to the sea, the people carrying the flags with the swastika, the people going into the mosques where these imams in the United States of America are preaching -- are preaching -- the extinction of Jews in the United States and elsewhere.He is sending senior advisors to get votes for these various areas, and he turns on Israel, betrays Israel, undermines Netanyahu publicly. What do you think Hamas thinks of this? Or Iran? They love it.Why? Because here is the truth. We talked about it before, so I won't belabor the point.from "The Tablet": The realignment by Michael Doran and Tony Badran. Page after page of what Obama wanted Blinken, who worked for Obama, now Biden, who worked with Obama, what did they do? They came into office. What did they do? They removed sanctions on Iran's energy sector, automotive industry, financial services, banking, industry and ports to eliminate, in other words, all the most significant economic sanctions ever imposed on Iran by Donald Trump.Well, why did they do that? The president's ultimate goal, wrote Malley, this is the guy now who is under investigation for violating our classified documents laws, was to help the Middle East find a more stable balance of power that would make it less dependent on direct US interference or protection.And how do they plan to do that, America? Build up Iran who they never -- they never badmouth, who they never attack even they killed three of our soldiers, who are funding all this. Biden is funding Iran.Here another piece: Iran sponsored the October 7 massacre America paid for it. By that, they mean Biden. Iran has actually received more money than Ukraine as a result of Biden's direct and indirect agreement to fund that regime.And at the same time, they were attacking Benjamin Netanyahu publicly and privately. Another $10 billion flowed into Iran.The Democratic Party is not only betraying America, it is not only betraying the Black community, the Hispanic community, the Asian community, and all other communities.Look, America; listen, America every day, they are betraying Israel and betraying the Jews. We used to say never again. Well, apparently, it's again. They have all these little Kristallnacht going on in the United States of America, and Joe Biden is begging for votes in communities that hate the state of Israel. That's what he is doing.If you're Jewish and you vote Democrat for Schumer or Bernie Sanders, or you vote for an AOC, or Tlaib or a party, an organization that has made its position known, despite the best efforts of its propagandists in the media, you're destroying yourselves. You're destroying this country. You're destroying other countries, including the country of Israel.Now right away, have a grand old time and I'm sticking to it, because facts are facts and you've got to stand up to tyranny when it is taking place and swirling all around you.I'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with our good friend, Leo Terrell, Civil Rights attorney, Fox News contributor, and one of my buddies.One of the great legal minds, quite frankly, thank God a few years ago, he left the dark side and came to the light side over here. I don't know what I'd do.Anyway, Leo Terrell, you've been around a long time. I've been around a long time. We have a judge in Florida, who is really playing it by the book on the documents case. The Feds go in there and they say don't show the classified information. She says, what do you mean, don't show the classified information? Well, wait till the trial.Well, the defense has a right to prepare. Then the judge says, we can't go so fast. We have some motions we have to entertain here like big time constitutional issues that you, Mr. Prosecutor and the government have brought. So we have to consider those.Then we get into other motions and issues like voir dire, what kind of questions can you ask a jury? What kind of information can you present to a jury?This judge -- this judge is coming under non-stop attack from the left wing media, who seems to be threatening judges to do what they want them to do or they have every intention of smearing them? What do you make of that?LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I'll tell you right now, Mark, and thanks for that question.The Democrats are going to do everything possible to try to get Judge Cannon off the case. Why? Because it's all about the power and control. They're not following any rules. Let's be very clear.They find Judge Cannon as a threat to their cause to get Trump off the case. They want Trump off the ballot. They do not want Trump involved in the election of 2024.So they're going after Judge Cannon because Judge Cannon is fair. She is impartial. She is applying the law and they don't like that. They don't play by the rules, Mark, and that is what we have right now in the Florida case.Bravo for Judge Cannon for following the law and making sure that Donald Trump gets his right as a defendant in that frivolous case being brought by Jack Smith.LEVIN: Jack Smith actually brings the case in Washington, DC, violates the Department of Justice requirements. You're supposed to bring these cases in the jurisdiction where the events allegedly occurred. He gets the grand jury he wants, made up of a population of people in DC who hate Donald Trump, then he transferred the case to a grand jury in Florida. Look how sleazy this guy is.He transfers it to a grand jury, and one of the things the judge says is, look, one of the issues has to be this equal protection and equal treatment. I mean, you look at these other cases, can anybody name anybody else who has been a president or a vice president or a secretary of State, or a Cabinet officer who's been charged under the Espionage Act, when in fact, they have removed classified information?And the media and the phony legal analysts and the phony legal scholars are all there yelling that proves she is in the tank. Doesn't that prove she is not in the tank? She is trying to get to the bottom of it.TERRELL: Absolutely. Here is the problem.You know, Mark, you and I, we've been lawyers for a long time. We know it is not being analyzed. These cases are not being analyzed legally.We know that it has been weaponized by the political process. We know where the Democrats are going. They're going after Trump for one reason. You know it and I know it and the nation knows it. They know they do not want him on the ballot. So they don't follow the rules of law. They don't follow the rules of justice.What makes this country great is our legal system and it is under attack.The Democrats will not follow the law because of the obsession to get Trump off the ballot. If Trump was not on the ballot, he doesn't face these charges. But I'm telling you, he said it over and over again. You said on your program, the legal system has been weaponized against Donald J. Trump.No other president has gone through this ordeal, and they find him as a threat because he is scheduled to win this election in November. So all bets are off. They want to take him off the ballot and they'll do anything they can.LEVIN: Let's look at this attempt to bankrupt him under the phony law applied in a phony way with a phony judge and a phony prosecutor.I don't know, when I was growing up, I was a young attorney, Leo Terrell. If you were running for office to be the attorney general of the state, and you campaigned and you said I'm going to target Donald Trump, I'm going to get Donald Trump and you said all of those things, that matter would have been brought to the bar. It would have been brought to the bar, the bar would have brought it up itself and they would have condemned it and they would have sanctioned that attorney.You're not allowed to even run for office, no less a prosecutorial office, and to make claims like that under any rules of ethical conduct in any state that I'm aware of. It's so corrupt as the bar filled with Democrats that they haven't said or done a thing What about the legal profession now? What do you make of that?TERRELL: Let me be clear, there is no legal profession in New York because what you just articulate -- I want to be clear as possible, Letitia James is a racist. Letitia James has targeted Trump. I submit to you the following evidence -- videotape of her claiming that if she gets into office, she will go after Trump, not the crime, but after Trump.And then she colludes with a left wing progressive judge who doesn't know anything about accounting, doesn't know anything about real estate. And again, they are trying to, not prevent Trump from running for office, they are trying to destroy his livelihood. They're trying to take everything that he built up, to take away from it, to try to discourage him from running for office.I find the conduct of the New York Bar offensive and it is disgusting. And what should happen is that that case should be appealed and it will be appealed and it should be reversed because that was not justice, it is political warfare.LEVIN: The Democratic Party, my contention is and we will continue to be is it is a totalitarian party. There are different types of totalitarian degrees, but it is definitely a totalitarian party.When they are celebrating the effort to bankrupt a political candidate, celebrating the effort to try and put them in prison so their candidate literally has no one to run against; if that's not totalitarian, I don't know what it is. But the legal profession is destroying itself.These frauds who come on TV and talk about the cases, these frauds who start to target judges like Judge Cannon in Florida because they won't bend to their political agenda, the frauds who attack the constitutionalists on the Supreme Court who are trying to keep this country together, these are not lawyers, these are not professionals. They're nothing but slip and fall ambulance chasing hacks.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)JON SCOTT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Welcome to "Fox News Live," I'm Jon Scott in New York.Russian President Vladimir Putin is vowing to punish those behind the deadly attack on a Moscow concert hall. It left more than 130 dead and nearly a thousand others hurt. Russian officials say multiple gunmen opened fire inside the venue Friday night before setting the building ablaze.Nearly a dozen suspects including four directly involved are under arrest.While ISIS has taken responsibility, Russia is claiming Ukraine is also linked to the violence. Ukraine emphatically denies any involvement.Well wishes pouring in from around the globe for Princess Kate following her cancer diagnosis announcement. World leaders, celebrities, and Royal fans all sending messages of support to the beloved 42-year-old.It comes after months of speculation about her health after she stopped public appearances to recover from abdominal surgery.I'm Jon Scott. Now back to LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.LEVIN: Leo Terrell, the Supreme Court has this case on immunity, we wouldn't have an immunity case, but for Jack Smith bringing phony charges against Donald Trump that aren't even related to January 6th. I don't know, I don't think Donald Trump was around in 1871 during the Ku Klux Klan era and beyond.But all of that said, and all you hear is, if the court doesn't put a stop to this, then any president can do anything, for which he will not be held accountable after he leaves office.Well, isn't the contrary true, which is if the court agrees with what this corrupt partisan panel on the DC Circuit did, that, in fact, a president can be charged for official actions -- the official actions that he took us president after he leaves?Isn't the point then that well then every president will be charged because there are going to be situations where a president makes a decision that's a little ambiguous or a little nebulous, or somebody is out to get them, and isn't the perfect example what is happening to Donald Trump right now? That is you're using the Klan Act, the Enron Act, and some federal government contractor act, to charge him effectively with sedition without charging him with sedition.Isn't the example the one we're living through right now?TERRELL: It is perfect example why President Trump and every president in the future, should be entitled to absolute immunity during the course and scope of their role as president. If you don't do that, they will be blackmailed in office. There will be extortion towards them while they're in office trying to do their job.There are constitutional checks and balances, and this case right now being presented by Jack Smith, who waited 30 months to file these charges against Trump is a perfect example of why Trump is entitled -- Trump is not just fighting for every American, Mark. He is fighting for every future president to make sure they have the opportunity to serve as president without the threat of going bankrupt or being threatened after they leave office with criminal prosecution by rogue special prosecutors and little DAs in New York or other states.LEVIN: We also have this defamation thing, this libel thing that keeps going on in New York under the same federal judge. It is another weird New York law that can reach back decades, that an allegation of sexual conduct or whatever it is, and then be brought forward now. That law has been used against Trump. Trump was not found guilty of rape. Period. That was the allegation.He is found guilty of something else, sexual something else. He says I don't even know this woman. The charge was never really even considered a long time ago. There were no criminal charges that were brought at the time. Nothing.And so the rumor is that one of these lawyers, one of these legal analysts whispered in her ear or somebody's ear and said, you have a case here, and this is how you bring it, so they bring it.And so now, every time he criticizes her, she is being urged to sue him for libel, and we are talking about $100 million now, and she is on TV talking about how she's going to spend it. If somebody needs a loan, she is happy to give them some money and so forth and so on.So now, I feel we've turned the libel laws, and I'm not just talking about that, into another weapon, to try and use against a president and I don't think it's an accident that so many of these things are happening in New York where these laws seem to be passed to empower the Democratic Party and to be used as a weapon the way that they're being used.TERRELL: They are being used against Donald Trump because they are afraid of Trump winning the election, and the American people want Trump.By the way, newsflash, ABC, President Trump was never found liable for rape. You're in trouble with that statement. And the point here is that when you're in New York, if your name is Trump, you are going to be subject to every possible way of being taken off the ballot.Mark, it is all against Trump because they are afraid of him. They are afraid of him exposing the deep state, they are afraid of all of that dirty laundry being exposed.The Democrats are obsessed with power and control, and when you have President Trump on the ballot, that is a threat and the Democrats are going through everything. So these repeated defamation lawsuits. I think it's kind of illegal, but it seems like they'll do anything to try to keep Trump off the ballot. That is what is happening right now in New York.Trump is a victim of being in the state of New York.LEVIN: God knows how much taxes he paid to the city and state, how he changed the whole horizon of that city, how he turned some of the areas that were more destitute into prosperous areas, all the jobs he created.All the jobs he created, all the families he helped. It's just horrendous what they've done there, but they don't care. They'll burn down the city in order to advance their political agenda.Leo Terrell, I want to thank you, my friend. God bless you, brother.TERRELL: God bless you. Keep up the good work.LEVIN: You too.When we come back, John Ratcliffe.We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Former Acting Director of National Intelligence, our friend John Ratcliffe, former prosecutor, by the way, a member of Congress as well.John Ratcliffe, I opened the show by saying why would a Jewish person vote for the Democratic Party? It's a perfectly legitimate question. There's nothing, you know, antisemitic or dual loyalty about it. You know, I'm talking about the country. We're talking about the Democratic Party.So I want to ask you this, when it comes to the State of Israel, and when it comes to the terrorist state of Iran, why is Joe Biden pouring billions and billions and billions of dollars into Iran and threatening Israel, threatening their weapons, putting their foot on her throat demanding that they dissect their country, demanding that they not defeat Hamas. Is Joe Biden betraying Israel and coddling Iran?JOHN RATCLIFFE, FORMER DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE: Well, I think he is, very clearly.What's going on in the world certainly reflects that, and to answer your question in the simplest manner, Mark, you know, we were warned that Joe Biden was going to be terrible when it came to American foreign policy and protecting Americans' national security interest. Robert Gates told us that, that Joe Biden is always wrong and that's certainly proven to be the case.So I think it's important from the standpoint of, you know, I did serve as the Director of National Intelligence and what I can tell you is that, with the possible exception of the Brits, there isn't another country on the planet that is more important to the United States, that we do more intelligence sharing with, that is a more important strategic partner to us and then when you talk about Israel, you're talking about it in the context of the most volatile region in the world.So when we talk about supporting Israel, we are really supporting US national security interests and posture.We need Israel, this isn't about charity, and yet, you have Joe Biden, a guy who claims to have been an ardent supporter of Israel his entire career, and I don't know about the past, but he certainly doesn't look, sound, or act like a guy that supports Israel.We've seen him undermine the Israelis at every turn, all of the -- you know, even at the State of the Union speech last week or two weeks ago, you know, he talked about having a come to Jesus meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu and then saying, Chuck Schumer's speech, calling for Israeli elections to remove Netanyahu as prime minister was a good speech that reflect the concerns of a lot of Americans -- I mean, all of these things, undermine Israel, our most important strategic partner.And, you know, the funny thing about it, Mark is, from the Israeli perspective, they have to sit there and wonder, why would we want to take advice from Joe Biden and the national security apparatus that's been so wrong from a national security adviser who eight days before these attacks, said the Middle East has never been quieter, and that he didn't have to spend any time there and in fact, bragged about the fact that Israeli- Palestinian conflicts were at an all-time low before he went on to a rant about climate change.The bottom line is, Mark, these guys are just really, really bad at what they do. And as we've seen, there is no accountability for one failure after another and it is not just limited to the Middle East. It is, you know, obviously, including Afghanistan, but in the Indo Pacific, really, you can't find a place on the globe where American national security interest has improved.But, I think that the irony of all things that we talk about here, Mark, when we talk about this situation is, this is a situation that, as you correctly pointed out, Joe Biden helped create. What we're dealing with when we're talking about war in Gaza right now is due in part to Joe Biden rebuilding an Iranian economy and directly funding Hamas.I heard you reference the fact that in the Trump administration, we cut off funding to UNRWA because we had intelligence that told us that the UN Relief Work Agency was too cozy with Hamas, and that aid wasn't going to innocent Palestinians, it was going to support Hamas fighters. And now after these horrific attacks against Israelis and Americans, US intelligence and Israeli intelligence confirm that UN Relief Work Agency workers participated in the attacks against Israel. So Joe Biden actually was sending money to the very people that were conducting these attacks on October 7th.And so, you know, it's just -- it is a terrible, terrible situation, but what people really need to understand is, it is undermining US national security interest and US national security.People forget that in addition to the 1,400 Israelis that were killed, murdered, raped, burned alive in some cases, there were 40 Americans that suffered that same fate or are being held hostage currently.LEVIN: We'll be right back(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.We're here with somebody who actually knows something about what he's talking about which is a good thing, John Ratcliffe, former director of the National Intelligence.John Ratcliffe, what is the Biden foreign policy? Is it to defund our military? Open borders, so anybody can come in here? Not meet our recruitment numbers in our military because of this wokeism? What exactly is the foreign policy?I've called Joe Biden the world's arsonist, but what is the foreign policy?RATCLIFFE: Well, I don't think anyone can answer that other than to say it's been a schizophrenic failure across the board.Look, maybe the best way to answer it, Mark, is that, you know, as the country was listening to Special Counsel Robert Hur talk about Joe Biden's mental capacity and whether he is frankly even fit to be making these kinds of decisions, what they missed was a worldwide threat assessment hearing that involve all of our top intelligence officials and law enforcement officials.And at that hearing, Joe Biden's own FBI Director Christopher Wray said: I have never seen a time where all of the threats against the United States are elevated all at the same time. The lights are blinking red.That really encapsulates what's happened. The foreign policy of the of the Biden administration was to basically reverse everything that the Trump administration had done, to basically take their eye off of legitimate terrorists and focus on domestic extremists like Catholics and PTA moms and prolife abortion protesters or January 6 protesters, to not support our allies, like Israel, but confront them and try and force them into solutions that would appease our adversaries.You know, it has been -- I mentioned Mark before, literally, find a place, take out a map -- find a place where America's national security interests have improved over the last three years anywhere. Eastern Europe? No. Indo Pacific? No. Central and South America? Our own southern border? No. The Middle East? Clearly not.You know, again, this is a team whose batting average is zero, who has failed everywhere. And by the way, no one has been fired, no one has been held accountable. You talked about the hearing this week where the admitted failures from his top military officials talking about the humiliating defeat that the US suffered because Joe Biden was in charge in Afghanistan, and yet no accountability.And so, the good news in all of this is that many of the things that we're suffering from in this country right now, as a result of Joe Biden's failed, foreign policies are reversible.Donald Trump, if elected will reinstitute a maximum pressure campaign against Iran, will target Iranian nuclear facilities, oil infrastructure, naval assets, whatever is necessary, if they are, in fact, using proxies to attack US troops.Those are the kinds of things that should have been happening and haven't been happening in the last three years -- securing our southern border -- all of those things that have caused great harm to our national security posture, much of it is reversible with the right policies, because we saw success in the Trump administration.Unfortunately, if you think that we're going to have success over the next seven, eight, nine months of hopefully, end of the Biden administration, I think you're misguided.We just have to endure it. We have to hope that our partners and allies around the world don't abandon us and feel like the United States isn't standing up for them, and that these relationships with important allies that are damaged, like with Israel can be repaired. That's what we have to hope for, Mark, is that November brings a change in leadership, that puts America back on its front foot instead of on its back around the world, which is what we're seeing with the calamity and chaos everywhere.Ironic, isn't it? The adults that were supposed to come in and end the chaos are the ones that have started everywhere.Joe Biden really is a wartime president because war follows him everywhere. He lost a war to the Taliban. He failed to deter a war with Putin in Eastern Europe, and he helped fund a war in the Middle East.We should be so lucky that there aren't going to be more between now and the time he's out of office.LEVIN: You're so right. Of course, I'm sure our enemies are rooting for Joe Biden in this election, because Christopher Wray is right for once, they are on the move, and they were not on the move with Donald Trump. They feared him and respected him and they backed off.And thanks to you as well, my friend, John Ratcliffe, former Director of National Intelligence, Chairman of the America First Policy Institute.God bless you, my friend.RATCLIFFE: Great to see you, Mark.LEVIN: We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)LEVIN: Welcome back, America.Don't forget tomorrow night's show, LIFE LIBERTY & LEVIN Sunday, 8:00 PM Eastern. We are going to have the great Allen West and fantastic lawyer, David Schoen.You know, in life you've got to make decisions. You don't live forever, and I made a decision a long time ago, I don't want to be on my deathbed and say "I woulda, coulda, shoulda." You do not compromise fundamental principles. You do not compromise fundamental values and beliefs.The Democratic Party is a very evil party. It has been a very evil party for a very, very long time and Americans have suffered as a result.And we can do the history right here and now as I have in the past, but let me just say this. It is a betrayal of the Jews in Israel who will not be silent on this program, no matter how much they try and intimidate, threaten, and point the finger and project what they are doing on President Trump, on me, or others.We are going to stand up to them and fight them and with God's grace, defeat them.I'll see you tomorrow night on LIFE, LIBERTY & LEVIN.