LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Dr. Kulldorff, I hope with a change in leadership in Washington, perhaps in November, that is exactly what happens.Time to pull taxpayer funding for that research, if they continue to do this nonsense. You're a treasure.That's it for us tonight. Thank you for watching.Remember, it's America now and forever, and Jesse is next.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Welcome to JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME. Tonight.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: The real reason Congress is banning TikTok.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)REPORTER: Hey, where are you guys moving these kids to in this black car?Where are you going? Where are you taking these kids to?DRIVER: Sorry, buddy.REPORTER: Oh my God.WATTERS: Joe Biden's child trafficking scheme, exposed.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)REPORTER: Why are you getting in my face?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Goodbye, you've got nothing to do here. Goodbye, bro.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)JIMMY KIMMEL, "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" HOST: If you could describe what his prison experience might be like, you think Melania will bring stuff into the prison for him?WATTERS: The liberal fantasy of locking up Trump keeps crashing down.Plus --MIKE FORCIA, THE NATIVE AMERICAN INDIAN MOVEMENT: That's what Christopher Columbus brought with him. He brought alcohol, Satan, and Jesus with him.WATTERS: It was 1987, a bright and sunny day in Washington, DC and the steps of Capitol Hill looked like a punk rock concert when members of Congress began sledge hammering boom boxes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Does the punishment fit the crime? After all, many companies including American firms have been found selling equipment to the Russians and members of Congress aren't smashing their products.The second question, however, maybe even more to the point, do we have more to lose than win by making an example, maybe even a scapegoat of Toshiba?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The Toshiba scandal had rocked Washington after the Japanese tech giant was accused of selling electronics to the Soviets, but Washington's rage got results.While Congress smashed Toshiba stereos, a major chip war was breaking out between the United States and Japan and we were losing.Bipartisan congressional majorities then voted to ban Toshiba products for two years, crippling Japan's foreign revenues and launching IBM ahead in the chip race. This was the beginning of big tech and the American intelligence community was the biggest beneficiary.Today, Congress is in a data war: The more data you own, the more power you have and in an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, the House gave TikTok a Chinese company an ultimatum: China must sell the company to Americans or face a total ban.Since over half of adults use TikTok and millions of young Americans would rather give up their right to vote than give up the social media app, Nancy Pelosi had to be very clear.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): This is not a ban on TikTok. I'm a grandmother of teenagers, I understand the entertainment value, the educational value, the communication value, the business value for some business on this.This is not an attempt to ban TikTok, it is an attempt to make TikTok better. Tic Tac Toe. A winner. A winner.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Guarantee Pauli P will be buying a piece of TikTok, but what does Pelosi mean when she says, this will make TikTok better? And why are young Americans so obsessed?Well, TikTok turns anyone starving for attention into a star. The weirder the better.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)WATTERS: You're thinking, why do I care? I'm not on the app. Let the freaks be freaks.Well, there are 150 million American freaks on TikTok, including me, and the Chinese can use it to spy on us. The app doesn't even have to be open on your phone, once it's downloaded, it invades your privacy, collects every keystroke, Google search, financial purchase, trip, phone call -- it grabs it all. And if the Chinese military demands it, they can get it.It's not just for spying on individuals. The Chinese government vacuums up huge tranches of Americans' personal data and exploits it to damage our brains -- you saw the videos -- and diminish our national power. This is cyber psychological warfare.You're probably asking well, when did the US government start caring about Chinese spying? We don't even pop their balloons. They've stolen our tech for decades. They're sleeping with our politicians, bribing them, even posing as their chauffeurs.If TikTok is a national security risk, why does the president use it?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JIMMY FALLON, "THE TONIGHT SHOW STARRING JIMMY FALLON" HOST: The Roman Empire is the Roman Empire, it is out there.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I am always happy to be made fun of by America's most watched late night host because Colbert won't do it.You're fine, too, Jimmy.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: So it seems like Biden doesn't mind using a Chinese spy app to stay in power, he just wants to become an American spy app. You know, like the way the government uses Facebook? Hey, Zuckerberg, the laptop is fake, shut it down. Yes, sir.You can't do that when China owns the app, but when the Americans own the app, you can. Some members of Congress who voted no, believe we're giving the president the power of a dictator.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. THOMAS MASSIE (R-KY): It's dangerous to give the president that kind of power, to give him the power to decide what Americans can see on their phones and their computers, to give him that sort of discretion, we also think is dangerous.The bill is written so broadly, that the president could abuse that discretion and include other companies that aren't just social media companies, and that aren't, you know, as some people would believe controlled by foreign adversaries.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The Patriot Act after 9/11 made sense, to monitor and disrupt terrorist activity online, but there is a catch. Every time you give the government more power, they abuse it. Just ask the Trump campaign.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MARJORIE TAYLOR GREENE (R-GA): Never forget that the United States government also was the one that provided the Russia hoax to Americans. It also worked to ban Americans' free speech. It also has worked in so many ways to illegally warrantless spy on Americans through FISA.This is really about controlling Americans' data and if we cared about Americans' data, then we would stop the sale of Americans' data universally, not just with China.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Well, the government lost control of Twitter when Musk bought it, they still have Facebook, so TikTok needs to be brought back into the American orbit. It's an election year, of course, and the Bureau and the agency need platforms to run disinformation campaigns and censorship. So they have to force a sale to the Americans or ban it.And the American team who buys TikTok will pick up the phone whenever the White House, the FBI, or CIA calls. Heck, they'll probably have former Intel guys on the board backdooring and interfering.The second America owns TikTok, it is not going to be the same. Pelosi says it is going to be better, which means instead of the app being open season for Chinese intelligence, it'll be open season for American intelligence, which is the lesser of two evils. I'd rather be manipulated by my own country than a foreign country that wants us all dead, but I shouldn't have to be this cynical.All of these big tech apps steal our private data, sell it to the Chinese, the CIA, and the scam artists anyway. They rewire our brains for profit, keep us distracted and buying and compliant.So Congress can't plan its flag and say, yes, we stood up against the Chinese don't worry Americans, we own TikTok now, you're safe. Maybe safe from China, but not safe from you. We have a constitutional duty to have a convention for the Internet to establish a digital Bill of Rights, right? To stop these predatory agencies from lying to us, piercing our privacy, and commoditizing our lives.This TikTok bill ban goes to the Senate next.Let's bring in Senator Lindsey Graham.Senator, how you going to vote on this thing?SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): That's a really good question. I want to divest the Chinese Communist Party from our data that's going to require an American sale. So I'm leaning, yes, but here's the problem. If you shut down TikTok, and there's no competition for Meta and Facebook and Google, they become the most dominant force in America. So I'd like to have somebody in the conservative world buy TikTok.WATTERS: Can the US government create the investor group that is going to be buying TikTok?GRAHAM: No.WATTERS: Okay.GRAHAM: So here's what I worry about. I worry that the Chinese probably won't sell it. What are we worried about? The data is in Texas, by Oracle, all of our data is in Texas under the control of Oracle, an American company. The algorithms are controlled in China by the Chinese, you know, bad guys over there. So the algorithms allow them to use our data potentially against us.If you had an American owned company that had the data and also the algorithms, you would solve this problem.WATTERS: But what if it's not a patriotic conservative guy like Musk, who is going to buy this company?GRAHAM: Good question.WATTERS: Well, what if it's another guy that's friends with Biden that gets this investor group together and they buy it? And the next thing you know, it turns into another app that they use to censor Americans before an election?GRAHAM: That's why we should be allowed to sue these people when we're harmed. Right now, if something happens regarding you and your family and social media, you can't take them to court. If you think they're censoring your data, if you think they're knocking you off the app, because you're conservative, there's nobody to go to, to complain.So what I want to do, I want to open up the American courtroom to the American consumer, so they can sue these social media companies like they could any other company, if you feel like you're wronged.WATTERS: I love that idea. But do you think that'll ever pass Congress because these guys have an army of lobbyists taking you guys out to dinner and to golf every day?GRAHAM: Yes, well, I go to golf with Trump. And you know, that's a better deal for me. But the bottom line is, this is the most important decision we'll make as a country.Google and Facebook can determine what you see and how you see it. They have a tremendous ability to shut down information. You saw that in the last election. I hope somebody in the conservative world buys TikTok, but every American should have the ability to complain if they're wronged, right?So if these social media sites take down your content, shut you out as a person, I want you to be able to go to court or some agency and say I was wronged, I want some relief. This is my reason for living, is to open up the social media sites to lawsuits by American consumers. You literally can't sue these people no matter what they do to you, because of Section 230.WATTERS: All right, so let's just not let all of your compatriots in the House and the Senate get greased by these deep-pocketed lobbyists and do the right thing.GRAHAM: And give the money back.WATTERS: For the American people.GRAHAM: I gave the money back. I gave every penny back from social media companies. I know exactly what you're saying. We're going to kick their ass.WATTERS: All right.GRAHAM: There are people being bullied. There are people being sexually exploited on these social media sites. Parents are losing control of their children and there is not a damn thing you can do about it now, but you should be able to be able to sue.WATTERS: All right. They're very powerful and they have agency and the Bureau right in their pocket.GRAHAM: They are.WATTERS: We've got to stop it. Congressman, you're not a congressman. Senator, I just gave you a demotion.GRAHAM: I've been called worse. I've been called worse.WATTERS: Lindsey Graham, thanks as always.GRAHAM: Thank you. Thank you.WATTERS: Democrats confronted on Capitol Hill.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Joe Biden apologized this weekend, not to Laken Riley's family for getting her name wrong or letting the illegal migrant who killed her into the country, but for calling her murderer an illegal.What other Democrats are apologizing to Laken Riley's killer? Fox Business reporter, Hillary Vaughn found out.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HILLARY VAUGHN, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Do you think it was appropriate for the president to use the term "illegal" in the State of the Union address there?JAYAPAL: He already clarified that, and I am glad he did.VAUGHN: Why is it wrong for someone to call someone that entered the country illegally an illegal immigrant?JAYAPAL: Because it's classifying the human being and no human being is illegal.VAUGHN: Do you think the president should have used the term "illegal" in his State of the Union address?Do you think it was appropriate for the president to use the term "illegal" in the State of the Union?REP. TED LIEU (D-CA): No. And he addressed that.VAUGHN: Why not? Why is that term bad?Not accurate to use the term illegal to describe someone who entered the country illegally?Is it not accurate to call someone who entered the country illegally an illegal immigrant?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Have a great day.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: There's a lot that doesn't make sense about the border, but what really puzzles PRIMETIME is why does Jeffrey Epstein seem to be giggling in his grave? We're told that somehow kids hiked thousands of miles through dangerous deserts and jungles all by themselves. Obviously, that's not true. The cartels traffic.Once they show up to the border, the government asks, do you know anybody here? If they say yes, they leave with a sponsor. Sponsors are supposed to be family members, but these kids are sometimes put back into the hands of child traffickers.Over 85,000 migrant kids are missing, Biden lost them, and the party that claims they care about kids doesn't care.What if the kid says they don't know anybody here? They're being dumped into our foster care system, the most dangerous place on earth. Thousands of foster kids go missing and are never found.Did you know that more than half of child sex trafficking cases involve kids from foster care? Foster care is a big business. These organizations rake in billions from the government. We need to know more about what's going on here, so reporters at Muckraker decided to follow the pipeline that pumps migrant kids into a foster care system that's riddled with pedophiles.It starts in Texas --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Where you guys moving these kids to?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: None of your business.REPORTER: Where you guys moving these kids to?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It is none of your business, papa.REPORTER: But, do you guys have paperwork for these kids?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Don't worry about it.REPORTER: I am worried about it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Don't worry about it.REPORTER: I am worried about it.You know about third of these kids go missing.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's all right.REPORTER: You guys proud of what you're doing here? It's pretty wild, man.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Welcome to America.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Once the children land in New York, government contractors in shady black vans scoop them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Hey, where are you guys moving these kids to? Whoa. This is -- where are you guys moving these kids to?Hey, where are you guys moving these kids to in this black car? Where are guys taking these kids? That's all we want to know. Where are the kids going?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do they tell you? What did they tell you?REPORTER: They won't tell me anything. Look, he's told me to roll with the window. He is told me to roll up the window. Where are you taking these kids? It's going to look really bad if you rolled up that window, bro. Where are you taking the kids too?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Okay, so. Who do you work for?REPORTER: I'm independent. I've work for myself. I'm an independent news reporter.Where are you going, man? Who do you --Whoa.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sorry, buddy, sorry.REPORTER: Where are you going? Where are you taking these kids to?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sorry, buddy.REPORTER: Oh, my God.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Then the migrant kids get driven to government funded foster care after the sun goes down, but you're not allowed to see what happens next.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: What's going on?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, can't do that please.REPORTER: Hey, don't touch me.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get the (bleep) out of here.REPORTER: Don't touch me, dude.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can you go?REPORTER: Don't touch me.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Can you go? You have to leave.REPORTER: Don't touch me.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Nobody's touching you.REPORTER: All right. All right. All right.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Goodbye. Bye.REPORTER: Don't get in my face.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Goodbye. Goodbye.REPORTER: Why are you getting in my face?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Bye-bye, bro. Goodbye.REPORTER: Why are you getting in my face?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You've got nothing to do here. Goodbye, bro.REPORTER: There's kids in that car. What's going on?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't tell you that information.REPORTER: Why? Why are you guys driving these kids around?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't tell you no information.REPORTER: Is this legal?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't tell you no information. This is private property.REPORTER: All right, I'll get off the private property. But I'm going to have to call the police.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Three of the foster care homes the migrants were sent to are dealing with serious sexual assault allegations dating back decades. But they're still getting hundreds of millions in taxpayer dollars.Anthony Rubin is the reporter who uncovered all of this and founder of Muckraker. Anthony, great job. What is the government up to here?ANTHONY RUBIN, REPORTER AND FOUNDER OF MUCKRAKER: Well, you have half a million children who have come over the border unaccompanied since Joe Biden became president of the United States and what are you going to do with them? I mean, we're going to let them loose in the streets? We will be like the country of India, right? So we don't want to do that.There is really no good solution here. But the solution is to load these kids into black vans after their "sponsors" have been vetted. It's not really a vetting procedure, we can get into that. A lot of times, they're dropped off in the hands of human traffickers, sex traffickers, and much worse, and they're driven across the country and dropped off at these homes and 85,000 kids have gone missing, and that's what's going on.There's really no good answer when you have half a million children coming across the border in a very short time period.WATTERS: So, they are being paired up with either fake sponsors who are child sex traffickers, or taken to foster care facilities with long recorded histories of pedophilia and sexually exploitative behavior.Why does the government continue to fund this operation?RUBIN: Because they don't have a choice? What exactly else are they going to do with all of these kids that are coming across the border? There is nothing else that they could do with them.And what I want to say is this, people need to understand how shady this operation is, how shady this vetting procedure is. When these kids come across, they come across with, you know, a note that says I'm going to this address, here's the number, here's the person I'm going to, right?Then within 72 hours, Border Patrol hands these kids off to ORR, that's under HHS, the Department of Health and Human Services, and you have the Office of Refugee Resettlement. And what they do is they do a vetting procedure to try to say, okay, is this really the parent or guardian or relative or whoever they say of this child, right?And there have been instances, one such instance is there was a person who worked for ORR who reported a case of human trafficking to a government hotline, because this appears, we're not doing anything about it and they were actually fired for doing so if you could believe that.WATTERS: So it looks like the government is covering this up and you asked me, well, what else is the government going to do about it? They started this pipeline, they invited, Joe Biden through his words and actions, millions of people into the country. So they brought this into the country. And they're continuing to feed these children into places that are ripe with sex traffickers.It's probably the most disturbing thing we've ever seen and no one's talking about it. What does that tell you?RUBIN: It tells me that the operation is incredibly shady and you know, there is a reason why when I confront these people, you see what they do immediately, they put a mask on, they take their name badge and they hide it underneath their jacket.They tell the kids, turn away, don't look at this man, don't look at the camera. Don't answer him. And a lot of times, the kids -- this is not the first time I've confronted these so-called escorts. I confronted them about three or four months ago, put up that video, people can go find that at muckraker.com, where I'm filming these people, and the children look at me as if they want to talk and the escort gives them this horrible look. And they look down, they cower in fear and that's what's going on.So I can't give you all the answers here, but we could look at the body language and the way these people operate and know that something is not right.WATTERS: Well, thank you for getting under the hood of this. This is just very disturbing. Muckraker is doing a great job. Thank you and continue to keep banging at this.Anthony, great stuff.WATTERS: Thank you, sir.WATTERS: Charges dropped for Trump in Georgia, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The history of Haiti isn't pretty. For hundreds of years, the Spanish and French made it the epicenter of the Atlantic slave trade until 1791 when the slaves revolted and overthrew the French in a bloody coup.The Haitians won their freedom and established the only nation in the world born from a slave revolt. But sadly, prosperity didn't follow.In 1825, France got its revenge, tricking Haiti into taking out a high interest loan that has crippled the country financially for the next 150 years. And what followed was a revolving door of corrupt leadership and natural disasters and voila, you've got a country constantly teetering on the edge of hell.But if you listened to Hollywood a few years ago, you thought that Haiti was a Caribbean paradise. That it has always been great. It had to be true. It was on a t-shirt.But Haiti wasn't great then and it isn't great now. It is a living nightmare.Prisons are empty, dead bodies litter the polluted streets and savage gangs patrol the alleyways and the prime minister resigned and has fled to Puerto Rico. A warlord who goes by Barbecue, because he likes burning the bodies of his enemies, has claimed full control over the capital, Port-au-Prince, and Biden deployed our Marines to protect their embassy.Haiti is the size of Vermont, but home to about 11 million people. And it's just about 800 miles from Florida. So if you want to leave, you have to take to the seas.The first free slave state is on the brink of collapse, but it shouldn't have been this way.Since the 2010 earthquake, the State Department poured nearly $6 billion into Haiti. That money came with a promise of better schools, new hospitals, and a stronger police force, but none of that happened. Because as you know, foreign catastrophes are a boondoggler's dream.A lot of the cash for Haiti made its way into the pockets of corrupt local politicians, government contractors, and of course, the Clintons.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Why don't you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture.HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER US SECRETARY OF STATE: Well --TRUMP: Because she takes a tremendous amount of money, and you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was at Little Haiti the other day in Florida and I want to tell you, they hate the Clintons. Because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace and you know it, and they know it and everybody knows it.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: But not all of that money magically disappeared. Some of the emergency relief funds made its way into Haitian DEI programs.We forced the Haitian Police to be more gender inclusive. And now all the cops, both men and women are deserting so they don't get barbecued.But don't worry, Joe Biden has a plan and it is takes the exact same plan he has always had, spend more money. How much? Just a half bil --(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATTHEW MILLER, US STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: There are several different types of money we're providing. So $33 million that the secretary announced yesterday in humanitarian assistance, on top of that $300 million that we have announced in support for the multinational security support mission. $200 million of that comes from the Pentagon will come in the form of equipment, and other logistics support, and they can speak to that. And then there's $100 million that will come from the State Department that we've been in consultation with Congress about.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: A hundred million here, 50 million here, 150 million here, so the American taxpayer is going to spend millions of dollars turning Haiti back into a democracy by paying defense contractors and politically connected nonprofits? How's that going to help inflation?And how did Haiti lose democracy anyway? We have a call into the CIA, but we haven't heard back.Now the media went into overdrive after Joe Biden's very loud State of the Union, declaring the speech a victory that would relaunch his campaign.Well, that didn't happen. Joe got zero bounce from the speech -- zero. Who would have predicted that Americans didn't like being screamed at by a man who won't fix the problems he started?So Democrats are back to bedwetting and the only been keeping hope alive are Trump's court cases, but even that ship is taking on water.Today, in the Georgia election interference saga, Fulton County Judge Scott McAfee quashed six key charges against Trump and company, ruling that they were fatally flawed and will decide soon on whether he's going to DQ Fani and Lover Boy.But liberals are still fantasizing about Trump in the big house. Jimmy Kimmel, scratched his itch last night, interviewed a group of ex-cons to visualize what life would be like for Trump in prison.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think he will fit right in.KIMMEL: You do?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, because, you know, he's dealing with politics with the Democratic Party and the Republican Party.KIMMEL: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I mean, they are almost the same, but now you're dealing with Mexicans, Blacks, Whites, and Asians.KIMMEL: Yes.You're talking about like these racial divisions in prison. What would Donald Trump -- what group would he be in? Is there an orange?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think a big Black man will go ahead and take him under his wing?KIMMEL: Do you think Melania will bring stuff into the prison for him?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think he'll go to visitation and be like, hey, you need to go ahead and bring back that phone and there is only one place to put it up. Right?KIMMEL: The phone?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.KIMMEL: Yes. Sure. Yes, I think so.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, you've got to get the charger in to so.KIMMEL: Oh, the charger also.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I'm old enough to remember when "lock her up" chants were treated like hate speech. But it looks like little Jimmy has a fetish for jail play.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KIMMEL: Hey, everybody, it's me. Donald Trump.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, come along with me. I've got the knife. Don't talk to the police.KIMMEL: Okay. I can't talk to you anymore. Give me a kiss.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get away. I'll grab my pepper spray.KIMMEL: Ah.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You're going to pull up on this guy.KIMMEL: I love your flesh colored underwear. What are you doing over here?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Kicking your ass.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get down. Everyone get down. Get down and --KIMMEL: But I can't get back up.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: No dolls, no straws, no soup.Radio talk show host, Tommy Sotomayor joins me on. What's going on here, Tommy?TOMMY SOTOMAYOR, AUTHOR: It seems like, well, first off, when we talk about Joe Biden, there is a movie that comes to mind, "Failure to Launch." And that's what happened after that speech.But if you listen to Jimmy Kimmel, doesn't it sound like these guys have some kind of weird fetish? Where they're kind of sexualizing jail and sexualizing Donald Trump.On my show, I like to talk about it when people call in and they're really upset with me, but they can't really explain it, but they can't get enough of me and putting me in these types of situations. I call it sexual beef.It's not real beef. It's sexual beef. I want to be with you, but I don't know how to say it, so I'll say it in some derogatory way about you doing it with someone else.WATTERS: So Kimmel wants to be with Trump?SOTOMAYOR: Many of them do you, if you think about it.WATTERS: And he doesn't know how to go about expressing that except to play with dolls and prison.SOTOMAYOR: That's exactly what it is and I want to just take a serious look at this for a second if we can. We would never allow things like this.This shows you where masculinity is in the United States now and how we don't respect it, because if liberals say they love the people in jail, like they say they do. One thing it seems like they don't do is protect them.Because when men are told they're going to jail, the first thing we say is that they're going to be sexually violated while they were there. So I actually have a problem with this type of speech, because Jesse, we would never allow this to be said about a woman getting ready to go to jail, how we constantly say that men will be violated.WATTERS: Well now,. if you go to jail, you just transition into the opposite sex to get out of it. So Tommy, that's what I'm doing. Okay?You're going to call me Jessica if I ever get locked up.SOTOMAYOR: Well, yes, I'm going to be like the guy who I saw on the news the other week, that guy got three women pregnant. I was like well, I'm going to turn into a woman and keep my member.WATTERS: Hey, guards, I'm hungry. Tommy, I'll see you later.SOTOMAYOR: Thank you, Jesse.WATTERS: Don Lemon is back on CNN. What?And what's going on with Kate Middleton?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: Many of you remember Don Lemon was fired from CNN, disappeared for a while, then reappeared on Twitter.Don Lemon, announcing that he was launching a news show on Twitter and Elon Musk was going to partner with him. Well, Elon Musk sat down with Lemon for an interview to promote the partnership and then fired him on the very first day.I guess the interview didn't go very well, because Don Lemon ran to CNN of all places to tease what went down. Here's a clip.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DON LEMON, JOURNALIST: Hate speech on the platform is up. Do you believe that X and you have some responsibility to moderate hate speech on the platform that you wouldn't have to answer these questions from reporters about the great replacement theory? Is it really --ELON MUSK, X: I don't have to answer this question.LEMON: Great replacement theory as it relates to Jewish people. Do you think that --MUSK: I don't have to answer questions from reporters. Don, the only reason I am doing this interview is because you're on the X platform and you asked for it. Otherwise, I would not do this interview.LEMON: So you don't think -- do you think that you wouldn't get in trouble or you wouldn't be criticized for these things?MUSK: Of course, quite possibly. I could care less.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: The whole thing was a little icy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEMON: You recently met with Donald Trump in Florida. What did you guys talk about?MUSK: I was at a breakfast at a friend's place and Donald Trump came by, that's it.LEMON: What did you discuss?MUSK: Let's just say, he did most of the talking.LEMON: Did he ask you for money?MUSK: He didn't.LEMON: Are you going to loan him money to help pay his legal bills?MUSK: I'm not -- I'm not paying his legal bills in any way, shape, or form.LEMON: Did he ask you for donation?MUSK: No.LEMON: Are you leaning towards anyone?MUSK: No.LEMON: You're not leaning towards anyone? Because you've been --MUSK: But I am saying, leaning away from Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Charly Arnolt is an Outkick host. So have you ever been fired on the day you were hired?CHARLY ARNOLT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I actually have not, not yet. Hopefully never/WATTERS: Well, you're doing a good job of -- hopefully that never happens. But this was not a great start to the Musk-Lemon relationship.ARNOLT: No, it wasn't and you look at Don Lemon and the golden opportunity he was given. He was fired from CNN, abysmal ratings. No one wanted to hire him.Elon Musk has the power to blow up people's brands. He said we'll give you a sponsored show. Come on. Speak your truth, right? Whatever side of the argument you want to take, feel free. What's the first thing he does? He gets on there, disparages Elon Musk and X. Not a good move.It's kind of like, you know, and then run to CNN, of course, to do his first interview. It just reminds me of a student or a kid who, you know, goes off on their own and realizes they can't cut it and then runs back to live with their parents in their basement afterwards.WATTERS: It would be like the first time Charly was on JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME and you just insulting me.ARNOLT: I would never do that.WATTERS: Right. You would never pull a Don Lemon.ARNOLT: Never. Never.WATTERS: And that's what Lemon did.ARNOLT: It is exactly what he did. And also, he is finally being held accountable for the liberal garbage that he's spewing, for example, saying that people can't oppose illegal immigration because it's the same rhetoric that radical shooters use in their manifesto.This isn't the platform and the reason why that Elon Musk built it the way that he did. He wants it based on fact. And of course, now Don Lemon has to realize that not everyone is going to agree with him especially not Elon Musk.WATTERS: Well, there's something even more controversial going on and I'm usually a heat-seeking missile for controversy. And even I can't figure this out, Charly.Kate Middleton, who I believe is a princess , was just coming back from surgery. People hadn't seen her in a while and then she posted a photo of her with her children and everyone is freaking out because it's Photoshopped. Listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This whole thing suspicious Where's Kate Middleton?Multiple images were merged and the section of the image featuring her face was cut out and replaced.Interesting.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: In reality, if she was okay, you know, the Royal family would say hey, get on Instagram Live and say, hey guys, here I am. This is a live video. I'm totally fine.But they're not.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What can be keeping Kate Middleton at home under constant care? What is this grave health condition? Is she even awake? Is she in a coma?(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: I don't believe she's in a coma. Where is Kate? Is she okay, Charley?ARNOLT: Well, it's trending on X. It has been for days now. Where is Kate? No one really knows where she is because like you just mentioned she had surgery in January. No one has actually seen her in person since they've seen photos of her, doctored photos as it seems, but I just have to give credit to the internet sleuths because I never in my life -- I stared at that photo for minutes when it first came out.WATTERS: Me, too.ARNOLT: And I was like, what are we looking for here? What is the doctoring going on? And it wasn't until I read the article that I saw the nuances that weren't supposed to be there, but I never would have noticed.WATTERS: I still, even after seeing all the circles where all the things were still can't figure out what's doctored about that photo.ARNOLT: Well, there are some issues, I guess she's not wearing her wedding ring A., I think down by the girl's arm in the red there's like some type of gray peeking through in that space that should just be grass and --WATTERS: Well, no wedding ring.ARNOLT: There's just a couple of them.WATTERS: No wedding ring.ARNOLT: Listen, I don't know what's going on, but here's what we do know. The butlers have butlers in the Royal family. No chance Kate Middleton is doing her own Photoshopping, no chance.WATTERS: Okay, you heard it from Charly. It has to be true."Get It Together" series. It's continuing after the break.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FORCIA: There was no redeemable qualities of this guy. He brought alcohol, Satan, and Jesus with him.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: In our new, "Get It Together" series, some of the people I interviewed for the book decided to come on TV and talk to us on PRIMETIME.Today, we're highlighting Chapter 15 to talk to a statue toppling American Indian. As you know, I'm a big advocate for keeping historical statues up, they symbolize our identity and what we've achieved. But not everyone believes in this.Mike Forcia is a part of the Anishinaabe tribe, a father of four and a leader of the American-Indian Movement. He became infamous for toppling the statue of Christopher Columbus in downtown Minneapolis during the George Floyd riots.Let's bring in Mike.Why do you hate America so much?FORCIA: Because to me, America was built on genocide, slavery, and colonialism. And we have been through so much trauma and America doesn't even realize that they don't know what we've been through.And I don't hate Americans, I dislike this experiment, this failing experiment because one of your most important documents. It talks about how all men are created equal, their Declaration of Independence.And then when you get down to the bottom it says, the merciless savage Indians, that's what they refer to us as, the merciless savage Indians.WATTERS: You say that your Declaration, your Constitution. You're an American-Indian, but you don't seem to believe you're an actual American.FORCIA: I'm Anishinaabe and my allegiance is to the Anishinaabe Nation and to the other First Nation peoples of this country. That's where my allegiance lies.I do not stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. We do not stand for that flag, because that flag does not stand for us.WATTERS: Mike, what do you believe gives you the right to topple our statues?FORCIA: Well, it's not our statues. It's that one in particular, I believe Christopher Columbus should never take up space in the public square.He's a rapist. He's a murderer. And that's what I don't understand is why would you look up to this guy? I mean, he got lost for heaven's sakes. There was really no redeemable qualities. There was no redeemable qualities of this guy. He brought alcohol, Satan and Jesus with him.And those have done so much damage to our people.WATTERS: So for toppling the statue, that judge sentenced you to teach about the American genocide to young school kids. I'm not sure if that judge had the best idea there.FORCIA: Whenever I talk to anybody, a group of people, the first thing I tell them is a message for the non-natives, a message for the White people that you were not here. You didn't do it. I wasn't here and it did not happen to me.But the animosity -- see, we're not blaming them, but the animosity comes from the fact that they have it all. They already took it all. And they're benefiting from the genocide. They're benefiting from what happened.And me and my people, we're still suffering. We're still suffering from what happened. And so I want to let them know that we do not blame White America. They were not here, but we need their assistance on getting some of this land back.WATTERS: Now, while we may not agree on much, we appreciate Mike from the Anishinaabe tribe. We have lots of conversations just like this in "Get It Together" and I'm going to be bringing you more of these throughout the week and next week. And tomorrow, we're going to talk to a prison reformer who wants to revolutionize jails.So go order your copy of "Get It Together" now because we have to beat the Pope. The Pope's book comes out on the same day my book comes out, beat the Pope.I feel a little conflicted about saying "beat the Pope." I don't have any personal animosity towards the Pope. I'm sure his book is fine, probably not as funny or as deep or as philosophical as mine. And he doesn't have two shows to promote his book. He's probably not doing book signings in New Jersey, Florida and California, but that's fine. I am sure a few people enjoy it.But I'm a competitive guy and I don't want to be beaten by the Pope or anybody.Text message time.Matt from West Virginia: Pelosi is going to make TikTok better. Where can I buy some shares?Summer from Florida: Why isn't AOC weeping over Biden losing migrants?I don't know. The performance artist is just suddenly has got stage fright.Tom from Anderson, South Carolina: The child trafficking story is the most disturbing thing I've ever seen on your show. And that's saying something.And I know, we showed a zebra being assassinated.Leon from Dallas, North Carolina: Anthony Rubin has more guts than anyone in Congress.Fox should hire that guy. He's tenacious.Nisha from Chicago: So Biden took down Corn Pop, but he's paying up Barbecue. Got it.Dan from Hamtramck, Michigan: I think you and the Pope should have a book signing together. You'll probably help out his sales.Totally.I'm Watters. This is my world.