GERRY BAKER, EDITOR-AT-LARGE, WALL STREET JOURNAL: Immigration is more important than any economic issue. I'm not at all surprised that Trump does well in those circumstances.CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Great. OK, Gerry, thanks.BAKER: Thanks.PAYNE: Folks, thank you very much. You can catch them tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. Eastern on the Fox Business channel. A lot of stuff going on with the market but right now leave you in the capable hands of THE FIVE, they'll do OK.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hi, I'm Greg Gutfeld with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Watters and Sandra Smith. THE FIVE.He went on liberal "Late Night" to prove his brain works right. Joe Biden leaving his CPAP machine on Air Force One for an afternoon taping of "Late Night" with Seth Meyers.The big guy trying to show America how hip he can be without breaking one. As a staggering number of Americans say he's blown a short circuit. His latest poll has 64 percent of registered voters saying that they don't think Biden is mentally fit for another term. And boy, did he reassure them?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: You got to take a look at the other guy. He's about as old as I am. But he can't remember his wife's name. It's about how old your ideas are.Look, I mean, this is a guy who wants to take us back. Everything we've gotten done. He's just friendly state, he wants to do away once he gets elected. And I really think his views on where to take America are older than -- anyway, I know you get me.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: He ran out.Well, it was a race to see who fell asleep faster. The president or Seth's dwindling audience. And even Obama's whole crew isn't optimistic about fixing up the old busted geezer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JON FAVREAU, FORMER BARACK OBAMA SPEECHWRITER: If you watch Joe Biden speak, oftentimes, he sounds frail. And he sounds more frail than he used to, even in 2019 and 2020.Now, that may and I think doesn't have anything to do with how sharp he is mentally. But the voice sounds frail. And he shuffles more because of the arthritis in his back.So, for most people in the country who were just watching him be president, what do they see when they turn on the television?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Not much. Later on that day, Joe's caretakers allowing him a little treat. And the president using the moment as an ice cream olive branch to the Muslim community who were upset with his handling of the war in Israel, and vowing to withhold their support in today's Michigan Democratic primary.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Can you give us a sense of when you think the ceasefire will start, sir?BIDEN: Well, I hope by the beginning of the weekend, I mean, the end of the weekend.My security adviser tells me that we're close. We're close. We're not done yet. My hope is by next Monday, we'll have a ceasefire.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: That's interesting, Jesse. Apparently, you know, he skips the Super Bowl, which had 125 million viewers to do a show with 12 people watching, was it because the questions were like softballs?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: So, I've never done one of those late-night shows. But I've known --GUTFELD: You've done mine.WATTERS: Not including yours. And I've been there behind the scenes with a guest on the shows. And these are very highly scripted events, even days before you'll appear, you'll have to do pre-interview after pre-interview, maybe three to four pre-interviews with the producer to make sure everything is perfect.What you're going to say, what even they're going to ask you, exactly the order it's going to go in. And then when you get out there, I believe they're having a guy hold up a sign that says applause because the president puts his sunglasses on, and everybody starts clapping.Now, I've seen people put their sunglasses on, I've never clapped. I've never laughed. What's so funny about a man putting his sunglasses on?And then, he's asked if, you know, what the difference between him and as Donald Trump is. And he starts talking about all that he's accomplished. And he can't name one single thing that he's accomplished. And then he's basically just lost his train of thought.So, these are teed up for him, and he can't even deliver those lines.Now, this ice cream, you know, my rule about men eating soup in public. I don't think it's manly to go like that with a soup and you're blowing on. It's just not a good look.I think the same thing for ice cream. You should save that for vacation. A grown man especially the president should not be licking ice cream in public, especially while he's talking about life and death. When a woman is dead in Georgia, when there's a ceasefire underway, possibly in the Gaza Strip, it sends the wrong message, Greg, and I don't think anybody's scared of him.And it's almost like if you were running this operation behind the scenes, I would make him lick ice cream like that in public to make him look weak and stupid and old.GUTFELD: He only -- he only has ice cream in public. There's no sense in like having a half gallon at home. It's like having a green banana for Joe.WATTERS: Do you eat the green bananas?GUTFELD: No, I'm just saying it's too risky.WATTERS: For what do you mean validly?GUTFELD: No, to it's like having a green banana. You won't be there when it ripes.WATTERS: I got -- the age joke.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: Kind of like your sweater.GUTFELD: Yes, thank you, by the way. So, Harold, I don't know, who's more deserving of sympathy, Joe or Seth?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Good to be back with you. You have to think the White House was trying to figure out an audience that he's not reaching, I would agree. Nobody has the numbers that you have exclamation point.GUTFELD: That is true, Harold.FORD JR.: But I think that maybe there's a younger audience, he'll get some good reps, get us another rep for him. They'll have some social media footage that chime out.Two, we have to accept both of our candidates it looks like we're going to nominate for president, Democrat, Republican side are both older guys. And they both -- you -- one thing you're not surprised by is if you hear tomorrow, and it says my father, 79 and my -- and my best friend in the world. But if you hear that a 75-year-old girl older passes tomorrow, you're not totally shocked.So, these guys are older. I'm not saying anything like that's going to happen. So, we've got two guys that we've nominated that are pretty old, that are likely nominated to run for president.Three, the Obama speech writers, I listened to them. The last thing they said was the advice they had for Biden, and they certainly were critical of some of the things and we played it. Their advice to him was for the handlers in the White House to let President Biden be himself, that they say that he has a temper. They say that he quips about things that may be off -- kind of off-brand or off-color. They said, let one of those things tweet out or let it go viral and let people see it. He does have a lot of things going on in his mind and a lot of thing -- a lot of ways he may say things that people may not think.Four, this situation in Michigan is real. It'll be interesting tonight to see what those numbers are. I say not for tonight, but for what it means in the fall. There's a long time between now and November, obviously.But I know the White House is looking at this not just from the Michigan vote. But I think the notion and the push and whatever momentum we have in trying to achieve some sort of different posture on the part of the Israelis, the Gazans and the Palestinians in that region of the world, obviously conditioned upon the release of the hostages, and making sure that Hamas is as weak as they can be. And even looking at what Netanyahu did not do before October 7th. That's what they have to be aiming towards not just for Michigan, but I think for the country.Because you look at our effort in Ukraine, which I support. You look at our effort in Israel, and I support the Israelis our efforts to support the Israelis, the American people and President Trump is reflective of this as well, does not believe that America should be engaged or embroiled in wars, be at a proxy war or an actual war. We'd rather be a proxy than actual.But I think the American people by and large, and I think President Trump's campaign reflected this in 16 and even now, is when it says we need to have less war, and more peace.GUTFELD: So, you're actually coming out in support of Trump? I caught that last part.FORD JR.: That was your takeaway?GUTFELD: Yes, that was. Well, I kind of drifted for a while.You know, Judge, let's be honest here and Jesse hit on it. That this was a heavily orchestrated moment. They would -- they took Seth Meyers's show because they know nobody watches it. And may -- if it does OK, it'll be clips. And they can control every movement from the applause to, you know, getting them carted in and you know, unpacked for the set.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL LEGAL ANALYST: Yes, there's no question. It was carefully curated. It was pre-taped so that they can edit it. But you know, in between slurps of his ice cream cone, Forrest Gump is like starting to exhaust me with all of this. I personally am sick and tired of hearing about how much he loves ice cream, and how much fun it is.And you know, it's almost like he's a weak child, who's got to get ice cream as a prize in order for him to go out and talk to the American people.Look, as the world is burning, Joe Biden is licking his ice cream and it's pathetic, and so many Dems want to replace him with someone else. One of the stats we found out about was that 20 percent or the likely Dems want Michelle and 15 percent of Dems likely to vote want Kamala.Now, I really think it's time for Kamala to be the person to run for president on the Democrat side.FORD JR.: Is that an endorsement?PIRRO: Yes, absolutely. I think it's her time to grind and run for president. You know, picking anyone else would be unfair to this woman and insult to a woman who climb the ladder the hard way.So, I think it's really Kamala Harris's time to be able to run for president but that's another issue.I'm sick and tired of they're saying that Donald Trump doesn't know Melania Trump from a Mercedes Schlapp. He was talking to Mercedes Schlapp at CPAC. And they said, oh, he was talking about Melania and then call her Mercedes. No, he said Mercedes, do you believe it?I mean, it's ridiculous. And in the end, they want the best result from a guy they won't even let out of the White House. And it's not going to work. The American people are not stupid.Biden did 86 interviews. And during the same time, Obama did 422 and Trump did 300. Now there's a reason he's only doing 86. He's not capable of doing more than 86, the man cannot get up for two hours without a note and go on and ad-lib in front of an audience of thousands of people. He's incapable of doing it.So, stop telling us how great he is and how much energy he has. Or is it that he only has energy in private but not in public.GUTFELD: Joe has given you an ice cream headache. So, Princess Pepto what say you?SANDRA SMITH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you, Greg. It's always a pleasure to join you. I'll wrap this up pretty succinctly. I think those were two moments of really important honesty coming from the left that Obama aide, sounding the alarm over a frail mumbling stumbling Joe Biden, calling it a very real issue.While not a unique thought when many at home are having as they watch the current president, still something that is being said by the left and on Ro Khanna on the move in Michigan and the call for a ceasefire while holding an ice cream cone. Democrat Ro Khanna busting the president's chops saying he only cares about politics. He's just trying to avoid embarrassment in Michigan.I'll finish this thought, while he's standing there with that ice cream. Think about that moment where there are Americans all over the country who are skipping their ice cream because they can't afford it right now.The president's own U.S. Department of Agriculture just came out with spending prices. The American people right now are spending more of their disposable income on food, whether it's grocery or at the restaurant, than they have in over 30 years. 11 percent of their disposable income.GUTFELD: That's our c block, Sandra.SMITH: That's incredible.GUTFELD: Don't jump ahead.SMITH: But I digress.GUTFELD: No, go ahead.SMITH: No, and but I think it's a really, really, really real thought that you're hearing from Democrats and they started to say it out loud. And I think that's really important. Thank you, Greg.GUTFELD: You're quite welcome. And you look great, by the way.SMITH: Oh, thank you.GUTFELD: I like pink. All right. Coming up, the media is upset with Republicans for seizing on a border crisis that's getting Americans killed.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)SMITH: Gut-wrenching new details in the murder of Georgia nursing student Laken Riley as the media blast Republicans for daring to bring up the border crisis over it. Police reports revealing how the 22-year-old was beaten so badly. She suffered a "disfigured skull." Her body was then reportedly dragged to a secluded area.The illegal immigrant suspect who cops say committed the heinous murder is a Venezuelan national who crossed the unsecured southern border back in 2022. And as the nation debates the broken border, the liberal press would rather accuse Republicans of using Riley's death for political reasons.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN ANCHOR: Republicans obviously seizing on this horrific tragedy at the University of Georgia. They're seizing on this as an example of Biden's failure to protect the American people to secure the border.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Riley's death ignited a political firestorm. State House Speaker John Burns indicating that the Georgia House this week will take steps on illegal immigration.ANDERSON COOPER, CNN HOST: If the initial facts were not horrifying enough for the sense of loss not deep enough by now. And all of it has now been compounded by the revelation the suspect was in this country unlawfully, and how quickly that fact became politicized.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: The Democrats are no better. California Congresswoman Katie Porter says it's important. We don't make too much out of this one innocent girl's murder.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. KATIE PORTER (D-CA): One instance shouldn't shape our overall immigration policy, which has so many different facets, including economic choices about what workers to allow in and how to create prosperity in America.So, the situation is tragic, and it's a loss and it's important to acknowledge that but also to recognize all the other -- how all the other parts of immigration policy fit together.(END VIDEO CLIP)SMITH: But let's not look too far into it and don't change anything based on this poor innocent girl's murder, Jesse.WATTERS: So much seasoning, I want to be careful. I don't want to seize on the story or politicize this story. Hate to talk politics.This is what they do. They turn a policy disaster, a fatal disaster into a process crime by Republicans. But this is what they do. They don't want to talk about the sanctuary policy. They don't want to talk about the broken border. They want to talk about Republicans reacting and then it becomes something that they're not on defense anymore, now they're on offense. Now, it's Republicans are politicizing a death.And this is how they get away with not solving any problems. The one woman in the soundbite. She was aghast that Georgia Republicans may take steps on illegal immigration. Oh, my goodness. You mean, they might take steps to stop illegal immigration? They call that a political firestorm. Everybody else in the country calls it solving problems.And then Porter, we're not trying to trade economic growth for death. That's not the calculation. We still want immigration. That's fine. We just don't want illegal immigration. And we definitely don't want to keep illegal alien felons in the country so they can continue to commit crimes.SMITH: Well, Judge, that lawmaker might want to make this out to be just one instance. But there are many instances and latest is in Virginia, where a minor was assaulted by another Venezuelan illegal immigrant.PIRRO: Well, Katie Porter should know better because Katie Porter although a congresswoman in California is originally from Iowa. What happened in Iowa? Mollie Tibbetts was killed in Iowa.So, she actually has the gall to go on television and say, one instance shouldn't change overall policy. Are you kidding me? The overall policy of this country is protected citizens. It is a number one obligation of any nation to protect its citizens. And she's on there complaining that people are demanding that problems like this be solved.First of all, yet Mollie Tibbetts, you had Kayla Hamilton, you had Lizbeth Medina. And that's only in the past couple of years that I could think of without researching it.Not to mention the Angel Moms during the Trump administration, all of the mothers whose kids were killed by illegals, and President Trump tried to get the numbers of those to collect them. And there are certain states that wouldn't go along with collecting that information.So, you know, the liberals. I mean, as soon as someone dies from a gun, they call for gun control. But as soon as someone is murdered by an illegal, they never call for border control. They're not into that at all.But you know, once Bragg in this city let the Venezuelans loots, right? And they ended up going to I think it's Arizona, then Randall's Island that you started attacking the cops. And then you've got the Venezuelan in Virginia who just sexually assaulted a cop, the Venezuelans in Chicago for them who choke the guy and robbed him.I mean, this is only in the last couple of days, it's time that we stop the process, you can do it under the law, it's Section 212(f) of Article Title 8 of the immigration law, he can stop it.It's time that we recognize with number one, we have to take fingerprints of every illegal, fingerprints with a photograph. And I'm going to do you one better, if we don't take DNA from these illegals who were all claiming asylum, so at least we at some point will know that they are who they say they are, because they can make up any name coming into this country.Plus, if we have a database with illegals in that database, we can match up crimes that are unsolved going forward in the criminal justice system. And the bottom line is until we know who they are, until we can identify them, they should not be allowed in this country. There are too many crimes that have been committed, too many lives that have been taken and too many families who've been destroyed.And to let people in about who we know nothing. And we've got 7.2 million and how many known gotaways and unknown gotaways? Now why have they got away? Because they -- I'm sorry, they got away because they don't want to be identified. Because they are criminals. There are criminals in the mix.I want to know who the pedophile is, who the batterer is, who was drunk and drives, who is an identity thief. They're in this group.SMITH: Yet the media says the real problem are Republicans.GUTFELD: Yes, I mean, don't you guys understand that only Anderson Cooper can talk about this issue. Only Jake Tapper can talk about this issue. No one else can. So, if you want the simplest way to identify truth, when the media claims you're seizing or you're pouncing, that means you've struck reality gold.If you say illegal aliens have killed innocent young woman. That's a pounce. It's true. If a man claims to be a woman and beats real women in sports, that's a pounce because it's true. If you say there are higher rates of crime, violent crime, that's a pounce, but it is true.When an anchor uses the phrase pounds or seize, they're telling you to shut up and stop telling the truth, stop doing their job because then it reveals they're not doing theirs, that they're lying.You know like CNN accused Fox in this show of pouncing on the crime wave. The crime wave didn't go away but Chris Cuomo and Don Lemon did because we push the pounce, we call them accountable on this and you can -- you could -- right now, there is good news. Everyone is pouncing on the news. We're seizing on the people who distort the information that they themselves control.That's the beauty because Google Gemini, for example, is imploding. Because every single person can now pounce, because everyone's an expert on themselves.So, you can put your name in there and see what they say. And then you learn what everybody in the media has already known for years, that they are lying to you, that they make up crap. Anybody could do it.Jesse, put your name in to Google Gemini, you will find -- you will be -- you will find this smear, it's great. Pouncing and seizing is what's going to save this country, seize and pounce on every story. Hell, it saved Bud Light. If people didn't pounce on that, Bud Light would be done and now they're back, it might actually save Harvard if they change their ways. It's going to save this country.SMITH: Harold?FORD JR.: There's no excuse for anyone in the media making the case that someone raising the point that our broken border is a part of what needs to be fixed to ensure that we don't have illegal migrants killing people.President Biden should reinstate some of the smartest and the best and most effective of the policies executive orders that he rescinded when he was elected president. He also should probably shut the border down for a week or two.But I will remind everyone around this table that two things can be right. If the president of the United States and an executive order could reform the asylum process, President Trump would have done it. You know why he didn't do it? You can't. You have to have legislate -- legislation to do that.The president of the United States regardless of whom it may be, cannot have an executive order to spend more money to ensure that we get more people at the border to stop catch and release, so we have more people there, more law enforcement there.The president should reinstate the policies, the executive orders that were working on the President Trump and state new ones to help us out. And Republicans and Democrats, shame on you and shame on President Trump for telling Republicans not to support anything that would help President Biden get reelected.Democrats I listened to Congressman Porter whom I like. Democrats often say when there's a gun shooting and all Republicans do is say we need more mental health money. That's what we sound like now when we say that the border should not be fixed. Two things can be right at the same time even if they --PIRRO: One is constitutional right.FORD JR.: But my only point is they argue.PIRRO: They don't have a constitutional right to come here.FORD JR.: But it's the political argument that people have, you're making my point by making the political argument now. We have to fix the problem. And there's no reason --WATTERS: I don't want to fix it. I want to stop it.FORD JR.: It's a metaphor.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: I want to stop it.FORD JR.: So, we're different. I don't think you in the asylum process, we're the United States of America.WATTERS: I'll pause it. I'll pause it for a while.PIRRO: Everybody wants in at the same time anywhere they want.FORD JR.: We need more money to --PIRRO: I don't want more money. I want to stop it.FORD JR.: You can't do what you want. You can't do what you want without money. It's easy for you to say this. I get it,PIRRO: He reversed 94 executive orders that Donald Trump did.FORD JR.: Reinstate them all.PIRRO: Look, Greg Abbott. Look at what Greg Abbott did. He closed that border.SMITH: Harold, you know what, at the day, everybody is happy that Democrats are at least acknowledging the problem. The administration downplayed it and ignored it for years while these criminals were coming at the border.FORD JR.: But I want you guys at least as your own party to come to the table as well.WATTERS: Don't you dare seize on this issue. Don't you dare.SMITH: Up next, Wendy's is causing a fast food freak out over a plan to surge charge your Baconator, Jesse.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Judge, I'm listening too.PIRRO: It's hard. It's hard. I was singing for Jesse. It's hard times for Bidenomics. Companies are trying to pinch every penny out of customers as Americans spend the most money on food in nearly 30 years. Wendy's is freaking out fast food lovers nationwide over a plan to use Uber-style surge pricing where the cost of a burger fluctuates based on demand, which means the price of your Baconator could update in real-time on the menu as you wait in line.And if you think that's bad, how about having cereal for dinner? Kellogg CEO is catching heat after suggesting cash-strapped families eat Frosted Flakes over filet mignon.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GARY PILNICK, CEO, KELLOGG: The cereal category has always been quite affordable and it tends to be a great destination when consumers are under pressure. So, we're advertising about cereal for dinner if you think about the cost of cereal for a family versus what they might otherwise do, that's going to be much more affordable.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: All right --SMITH: That's going to go over well.PIRRO: You -- OK, I'll start with you, Sandra. Do you think surge pricing is going to help or hurt?SMITH: I really dug into this because I think this is fascinating, worth a shot. You know, publicly traded companies, CEOs, they're always looking for a way to improve business. I just looked at the stock. It's down on the year. It's underperforming, the broader stock market. Obviously, they've got some issues.This a major investment. They're putting $2 million into the new boards that are going to tally what the price of the burger is in that moment. Look, they're doing this because inflation has been a huge problem for them. This is the most expensive fast food chain right now. Their costs rose 35 percent because of inflation in just a one-year period, so they've got to do something.This isn't going to work for a fast food customer though. Guess what? If you go into a fast food chain, you know exactly how much things cost. And you see it fluctuate 25 cents, 50 cents, a dollar, it's going to have a big impact whether or not you return there. So, I think -- I think it's interesting but in an era where you're already paying $9.00 in Time Square it says for a Wendy's Burger, it's going to get interesting.PIRRO: All right, eating cereal for dinner, Jesse. Do you want to give up salmon and go for Fruit Loops?WATTERS: Cereal is probably the worst thing for you, probably worse than drinking gasoline for dinner. If you ever go back look at the box -- it's all sugar and fake things. And no one should be eating cereal for breakfast or for dinner. Now, Wendy's is a different animal. The burger at Wendy's is thicker. It's a higher quality beef.PIRRO: Is it?WATTERS: It's flame-broiled. Trust me. I've done some research in this department, Judge. So, they're always going to have elevated prices. Sir and bacon is more expensive and the bacon is juicier and fattier and crispier. I'm getting hungry just talking about it. When you do have surge pricing, try to book a hotel and a flight around Christmas. It's the same kind of idea. If everybody wants the action where the action is at that time, you can raise prices a little bit. And that is not an artificial stance. I stand by it.PIRRO: All right, you know, Harold, under Bidenomics, you know --FORD JR.: What did you call me?PIRRO: I'm sorry. Under Bidenomics, people are paying more for food than they have in 30 years. Now, how's anyone going to be able to afford a house under Bidenomics.FORD JR.: Well, I think when things stabilize a bit, we're going to find housing coming back. In fact, housing prices -- things are going up in January --PIRRO: When do you predict this going to happen?FORD JR.: I hope sooner rather than later. I'm not a fool nor am I naive. There's no doubt that we face inflation. But inflation is coming down year over year, month over month, and I hope it continues to. But I agree with Jesse here. I think that this -- on this Wendy's thing, I think that market forces dictate what's going to happen. If people don't want to pay or can't pay, they won't pay. I like Wendy's. You and I talked about a single with cheese is one of our favorite hamburgers. And if we could have gotten it here, we would have eaten it on air.And McDonald's has raised prices. And the customers balked a bit at the price increases, but guess what, revenue went up for McDonald's as a result. Now, there are number of factors and Sandra touched on one of them. We have high food prices that these companies are having to ship in. Prices including -- higher prices and higher cost for labor is chipping in.But at the end of the day, economies sort these things out. And if it doesn't work, guess what? People won't go to McDonald's -- I should say, won't go to Wendy's. A marketplace works. You'll get new hamburger places springing up. But if it gets to a point where I can't afford the bacon here, and I really can't afford it because of this, I won't go anymore. But I agree with you on this.PIRRO: You know, I do feel bad for some families where it's really a close question. But what about your spare ribs, Greg? What's going to happen?GUTFELD: They're always uh cheap because I got them at a Chinese restaurant. Here's the deal, OK.PIRRO: Oh, my god.GUTFELD: Do you think -- do you think that CEO is having Cocoa Puffs for dinner. I don't think so. Cereal for dinner is fine if you're a man. This is a man's solution. We'll eat Frosted Flakes for dinner and have cold pizza for breakfast. But if you're married, that's grounds for divorce. If your wife looks at you and go, we're having cereal for dinner, you're -- it's over.If you're dating, no one is going to be eating, you know, Fruit Loops under candlelight. This is not going to happen. This is -- he stepped in it in a big way. But this is why the Biden White House is seizing the youth vote. Because if you told them that food prices are highest they've been in 30 years, how would they know? Why would they care? 25 is the new 15. They don't see the grocery bill until they're like 30. Once again the Biden voter has to be low information, immune from the economic pain that is felt by everybody else.If you asked a 25-year-old about inflation, you might as well ask him about the hadron collider which is a wrestling move, Jesse. They don't understand where things come from. It's why they're the best marks for protesters and panhandlers.WATTERS: Wait, what's the move? How do you do it?GUTFELD: The hadron collider?WATTERS: How do you do it?GUTFELD: Well, it's a -- it's a kind of a nuclear move.WATTERS: How would -- is it a finishing move?GUTFELD: No. No. I'll finish you.WATTERS: I'm going to finish your face.GUTFELD: At least you didn't say on.PIRRO: All right. And coming up --WATTERS: You're so sick.PIRRO: Shamed over a Chick-fil-A sandwich. You won't believe what triggers the woke New York Times.GUTFELD: Disgusting.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: A former opinion editor for the New York Times revealing how the place is run like a woke adult daycare. An office where you have for lunch you can trigger people. He writes about attending an orientation where they tried to break the ice. "I blur it out the spicy chicken sandwich from Chick-fil-A and considered the ice broken. The H.R. representative leading the orientation chided me, we don't do that here. They hate gay people. People started snapping their fingers in acclamation."Is this a thing, Greg? Is this a thing?GUTFELD: If that's a thing, you have to leave the company immediately. It's part of the woke culture. It's like when I see it, I get up and leave. But this is a good lesson in how wokeism works. You can be an absolutely terrible person. But if you amp up the virtue signaling, you can be a selfish, greedy, egotistical loud. But just say climate change and daily conversation, you're good.Conversely, if you're a decent person who mentions Chick-fil-A, that's a vice signal, you are worse than Hitler. Going back to Google A.I. Google AI was asked who was worse, Adolf Hitler who killed millions or Chris Rufo who wrote critically of teachers unions. Google said Rufo may have more lasting damage. So, that's because I guess Hitler is a vegetarian and an artist and Rufo is a conservative but it just -- it shows you that this is everywhere.WATTERS: He was going to answer truthfully that he liked some $19 fancy sandwich, but he went with Chick-fil-A and then he got burned, Sandra.SMITH: Just looking at the New York Times -- you know, I was talking to Larry Kudlow about a piece that they did today, Trump's got no plan on inflation. Every single day we look at the New York Times and we wonder the bias from which that particular writer is coming from. There's a quote in front of me that automatically says this person is not being a journalist.They started from a place of party politics assessing how a particular story could affect the election. That's not journalism so immediately that removes you from the equation of being a journalist. I will defer my time.WATTERS: Yes, I mean, I definitely don't do that on "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME."GUTFELD: Never.WATTERS: Harold?FORD JR.: Look, there are people whom I disagree with whom I like. And there are people whom I agree with, some of them I don't like. I don't think I could work for an organization that doesn't allow me and don't want me to eat Chick-fil-A. And I certainly couldn't work for an organization that denounce Popeyes. Having said all that, I think that we have -- just to remind you of the story yesterday with the comedians, if you don't like someone who makes you laugh or makes you a little uncomfortable or makes you disagreeable, don't watch them, don't go there, but don't punish people who do.WATTERS: Judge Jeanine.PIRRO: You know, the scary part of the whole thing is it's not about journalism anymore. I mean, I remember a time when journalism involved like deep investigations, you know, sources and just making sure that they were breaking a story after months of you know, intensive research. It doesn't happen anymore. This is just nonsense. It's just woke nonsense.And the people who claim to be the most inclusive are the people who don't want to accept anything other than what they think is important. To hell with them.GUTFELD: Yes.WATTERS: He should have just said the Baconator. It would have been fine.SMITH: That's great.WATTERS: Up next, you got rage issues like Harold Ford Jr.? Don't sweat it. We'll share some tips on how to keep your cool.FORD JR.: Popeyes.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back. Are you addicted to outrage like my friend from Philie, Jesse Watters is here? A new article is sounding the alarm on the rise of outrage culture, which refers to our collective tendency to act negatively all the time. Social media of course is a big role in fueling the flames of our fury.Judge, when I think of fury, you're the last person I think of. When I think of energy, you're the last person I think of. What are your thoughts about this?PIRRO: You know what? It's a mob mentality that is supported by anonymity. So, you go online and you see what other people are saying and you say yes, yes, I join them in that, things that you might not say to someone directly. But then the more people who say it, the more you believe in. It's mob mentality. Everybody takes on the feelings of other people and it's dangerous.FORD JR.: Exclamation, how -- you know, do people say things that really shouldn't get worked people?GUTFELD: Shut up!FORD JR.: There we go. Exactly.GUTFELD: All right, I'm pissed off. I wrote this, The Joy of Hate. Fans of Gutfeld, they know. I was on to this. This is almost 15 years ago. I'm going to --SMITH: That's really good.GUTFELD: Thank you. I'm going to read the opening paragraph for you, Harold, OK.FORD JR.: Thank you.PIRRO: Good.GUTFELD: You know what really pisses me off, people who are always pissed off or pretend to be pissed off. We've created a new frantic world of the enraged, the phony grievance, the manufactured outrage. If you make fun of something or say something truthful, someone somewhere will be unhappy or say they're unhappy even when they're not. When they're bored. When they're lonely. When they need attention. They come for you, whining, crying, screaming and they are coming for you the children of the corn with a platform."That book is still available on Amazon, by the way. It was my first New York Times bestseller, but this is -- this has been around. And this -- I'm outraged that this -- people are acting like this is new.PIRRO: That's right.FORD JR.: So, Sandra, and Jesse here, so I agree with -- I agree with Greg here for a second. This has been happening forever. It's like when we say - - when we -- when some people say that's a problem because of mental health or that's a problem because people are this, people have had these challenges forever. It's just these social media platforms, now give people an opportunity to vent and share the -- share with viewers or voters or people trying to attract people who are like-minded. Do you sense that? Is that something --WATTERS: If you are going to go on Amazon and get Greg's book, get mine, Get It Together, while you're there.FORD JR.: What's it called again?WATTERS: Get It Together: Tales from the Liberal Fringe.SMITH: Get it together.PIRRO: Get it together.WATTERS: See what I did? Subliminal messaging. You're telling them to buy it. I just thought of that. Harold, you can't let people control you. You have to control yourself. If someone does something that upsets you, don't give them the power. Because then when you get upset, you're giving them the power to make you emotional. You stay grounded, you stay within, you stay in control.FORD JR.: Stay in peace as they stay in the bottom.WATTERS: Stay in inner peace. That's just enlightened thinking from Jesse Watters.SMITH: I really think that's --FORD JR.: Sandra, what do you think about Dr. Watters?SMITH: I would just -- the only thing I would add to that excellent advice is to stop and take a deep breath and take a minute. And I think with social media, we're not doing that. We send and we can't take it back, right?PIRRO: Yes.SMITH: So, just take a minute.WATTERS: Breath.SMITH: Think about it. And maybe you'll change your mind. Calm down.FORD JR.: Again, when I think of fury, I do not think of Judge Jeanine. "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: OMT. Harold?FORD JR.: A historic donation by our retired professor at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine will provide free tuition to all students. Dr Ruth Gottesman gifted one -- gifted $1 billion to the Bronx medical school which has a yearly tuition of $59,000 a student. The sum is believed to be the largest financial -- those are the kids when they heard she was doing it -- financial donation to any medical school in the country and will have an immediate impact on these kids and communities all across New York City particularly to Bronx.SMITH: Wow.FORD JR.: Her husband was one of the early investors in Berkshire Hathaway.WATTERS: Oh, her husband's money. Got it.FORD JR.: No, no. But she taught at the school.WATTERS: I'm kidding.FORD JR.: The family that she taught at the school for all of these many, many years. She's on the board of the school. I just love the fact that she took the money that they invested together and gave it back to those kids making a difference in communities who need -- who need medical care.PIRRO: That is a fabulous story.FORD JR.: So, thank you Dr. Gottesman.GUTFELD: I can hear the grandkids screaming right now.FORD JR.: They still have $2 billion. They still have $2 billion.GUTFELD: Jesse?WATTERS: Would you like to hear a book excerpt from --GUTFELD: No.WATTERS: You don't get to choose. That was a rhetorical question. Here it is, Get It Together. I will be doing a dramatic reading."Suddenly there's drama. A hostile homeless woman is making a scene. She's loud and big and naked."WATTERS: To pre-order Get It Together: Troubling Tales from the Liberal Fringe, you go to Amazon or hold your camera, part of your phone, shove it against the screen.(CROSSTALK)WATTERS: My mom texted me. And Trump wants money. Tonight, Patrick Bet David, Peter Schweizer, Tomi Lahren, and Jim Florentine.GUTFELD: That was amazing. Tonight, we got a great show. Mike Baker, K.T. McFarland, Timpf and Tyrus 10:00 p.m. Let's do this. Greg's Sleepy Sloth News. You know, you got to be sleepy when you doze off while you're eating. I know that. Jesse does that. Check out this little fellow. He was -- this is at the Cincinnati Zoo. That's Juno. He fell asleep while eating kale. You know, he was probably watching the Seth Meyers Show. He's like, oh, my God, you're killing me here. Turn it over to "GUTFELD."FORD JR.: Even the music makes you seep.GUTFELD: Even there's a redo. The sexy music.PIRRO: I like your sexy music.GUTFELD: I know. But sometimes they won't let me do it.PIRRO: Who won't let you do it?GUTFELD: The perverts at the zoo. Judge?PIRRO: OK, it's not a -- well, it's time for -- OK, it's not $1 billion but when a New Jersey bridal boutique went out of business in 2017, hundreds of wedding dresses were donated to Camden County, hence the program salute the dress created providing veterans and first responders with wedding dress of their dreams.The program says it's saving these vets thousands of dollars to enjoy the happiest day of their lives is the least they could do to give back. I love it.SMITH: Love that.FORD JR.: It's a nice story.SMITH: Real quick. A seventh-grade girl steals the ball, sinks a three- pointer during a tie game from half-court.PIRRO: Yes.SMITH: And wins it. I love it.GUTFELD: Well, altogether, one, two, three, you go girl.WATTERS: You go, girl.PIRRO: You go, girl.SMITH: You go, girl.GUTFELD: That makes me feel so good. All right, that's it for us. Have a great night.