JONATHAN SACERDOTI, ROYAL EXPERT: Kate deserves to be given the time and space that they need for the treatment and recovery. I think this is how it should be.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Jonathan, good words all. Thank you very much for joining us. Jonathan Sacerdoti.We'll be exploring the impact of this and of course what's going on in Russia. A lot more tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. Right now, THE FIVE.JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everybody. I'm Jesse Watters along with Katie Pavlich, Jessica Tarlov, Shannon Bream and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City and this is THE FIVE.A lot of big breaking news to get to. New York Attorney General Letitia James getting ready to seize Donald Trump's properties. The White House reacting for the first time to that stunning video of an illegal immigrant invasion at the border.But first, Kate Middleton shocking the world after revealing that she has cancer. For more, let's go to Jonathan Hunt.JONATHAN HUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF CORRESPONDENT: Jesse, a shocking news, terrible news coming out of London at 6:00 p.m. local time there, 1:00 p.m. our time here in the U.S. The dreadful news that she had gone in for that abdominal surgery that we knew about on January 16th. We had not heard anything about her health status in the intervening two months. And then finally today, Kate revealing what happened. In her own words, listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CATHERINE, PRINCESS OF WALES: The surgery was successful, however test after the operation found cancer had been present. My medical team therefore advised that I should undergo a course of preventative chemotherapy. And I'm now in the early stages of that treatment.(END VIDEO CLIP)HUNT: That of course explains why we have not seen or heard from the Princess of Wales or indeed anybody else at the palace for the last couple of months about her health status, as the family as Kate said, have been trying to manage and process that shocking news and her ongoing chemotherapy.She said that they still need time, space and privacy to get through this and as she put it, to explain it, to tell her children that she is OK in her words. And remember, the couple has three children George who is 10, Charlotte who is 8 years old, and Louis who is just five. So, you can just imagine what they are all going through as they deal with this.And she ended her statement today, reaching out to everybody as she put it who has been affected by cancer, sending a message that, "You are not alone."Now, obviously, there's been some talk, Jesse, about what this might mean for any sort of reconciliation with Prince Harry who lives not far up the road from me here in Southern California. Well, Prince Harry and Meghan put out a statement in the last few minutes. I have to say it was short and rather terse, a one line statement saying, "We wish health and healing for Kate and the family and hope they are able to do so privately and in peace." But that is it from Prince Harry. Obviously, the world's well wishes are with Kate and her family tonight, Jesse.WATTERS: Jonathan, thank you. The Democrats closer than ever to turning America into a full-blown Banana Republic. Donald Trump has just three days to post a half-a-billion dollar bond in the civil fraud penalty against him or Tish will drop the A bomb.The New York attorney general could freeze his bank accounts and seize his property and she's already taken the first necessary step to do so. Filing judgments to get her hands on his golf course and private real estate. The media acting like total psychopaths by relishing in Trump's financial misery.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Donald John Trump is broke and begging for money. Carry the three (INAUDIBLE).WHOOPI GOLDBERG, ABC NEWS HOST: Is Letitia James going to go like, put a chain on the Trump tower?SUNNY HOSTIN, ABC NEWS HOST: I can't wait to see the chains on Trump Tower actually on Fifth Avenue. I'm like excited about it.JIMMY KIMMEL, "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" HOST: They can even seize his plane. I'd vote for that. I can think of nothing more delightful.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's going to say, you know, you're cheating me. You know, you're trying to destroy me by not getting the right price. Well, go find your own buyer then, Donald.REV. AL SHARPTON, MSNBC HOST: Now he's down to tech revivals in Florida. Maybe he'll be selling blessed oil before this is over.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Joe Biden also thinks it's hilarious that his lackeys are trying to bankrupt his political opponent. Telling a group of donors this, "Just the other day a defeated-looking man came up to me and said, Mr. President, I have crushing debt and I'm completely wiped out. And I had a look at him and say, Donald, I'm sorry. I can't help you."They can laugh all they want. But millions of Americans are waking up to the Democrats law fair and one pundits warning that they may pay a price for it in November.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FRANK LUNTZ, COMMUNICATIONS STRATEGIST, POLLSTER: If the New York Attorney General starts to take his homes away, starts to seize his assets, it's all going to be on camera. Pundits is going to sit there and scream about this, this man cannot be elected, you're going to create the greatest victimhood of 2024. And you're going to elect Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)WATTERS: Greg, do you agree with Frank Luntz?GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I take everything back that I've ever said about your hair.All right. Whether this happens or not, we're in a bad place. This is the Tonya Harding method of politics rather than compete fairly, take the opponent out. Tish is Jeff Gillooly. And the telescopic baton is her office.And who's cheering this on? Not just the Democrats, you have the media, who if they did 10 minutes of soul searching, they find that they didn't have a soul. But they'd also realize that they are the very evil, they've turned into the very evil that they accused Trump of being. Their drooling mob with pitchforks and torches.I get the glee, I understand the human weakness involved and finding joy when somebody you don't like is being punished. But you have to understand that long term, the punishment that you're taking glee out of it is going to destroy this country. They're marveling at the financial penalty. And why? Because it's so obviously excessive. It's so excessive. It's hilarious.So, that means that they admit that this is a violation of the Eighth Amendment. It's obviously an excessive fine, which is prohibited by the amendment. And it's for a non-crime in which they're no one is owed any restitution.They also -- they also congratulate like Liz on this unprecedented groundbreaking legal charge, which again proves that she made good on a political threat to get Trump and then twist it a law that is not used for mundane transactions in real estate in order to punish him.So, the people doing that admit that it's illegal. It's against the Constitution, but they don't care because Trump is Hitler. And they're trying to save democracy.But if they just realized in a quiet moment, that you're willing to destroy an industry, the real estate industry, you're willing to destroy the city, New York because no one's going to invest here. You're destroying law, liberty, private property in order to confiscate a person's livelihood, because politically, you despise them.If they haven't considered the consequences on that, cultural Marxist normally don't. But they're going to end up -- I mean, I said before, this is going to red pill a lot of Americans, it's going to radicalize a lot of people when you realize that what you think and what you vote and what you believe makes you a target. You're going to get the eff out here, and you're going to end -- and you're really, really never going to look back.WATTERS: Well, Shannon Bream has already been radicalized. So, I mean, welcome to the party. Shannon, what are the legal options for the former president right now?SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, I got to tell you, if they take this to the Supreme Court, it gets to this issue of the Eighth Amendment, which is going to for some people on the left, make their heads explode, because it's going to be A.G. Letitia James versus the late Ruth Bader Ginsburg, because the Justice ruled in a case back in 2019, that the Eighth Amendment does apply to state action.So, if you think this is an excessive fine, and a lot of people, as Greg pointed out, would say, where were the damages? Where were the victims for a half a billion dollars that the former president is now supposed to show up with? I'd be very interested to see what the Supreme Court does with that.And you have to remember that this is setting a precedent. So, if you don't like President Trump, if you do like President Trump, this is a court precedent now that if somebody you like, your favorite billionaire who's maybe on the left one day, this precedent is going to apply to them too.So, people have to remember, when you make these choices, or you cheer for something, your team may be affected.WATTERS: I can't wait to seize all Soros's properties. Take his bank account, Jessica, you started it.JESSICA TARLOV, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I love the concept of the ghost of Ruth Bader Ginsburg in the courtroom with everything, that's an interesting parallel.I've been uncomfortable with this since the beginning when the Stormy Daniels decision came down. I don't think that this are a set of decisions that resonate with the American people. They have said survey over survey, you know, January 6th election interference, the classified documents at Mar-a-Lago, these are things that compute for them, and that these cases here in New York feel personal, right, especially when people have campaigned on them.But Donald Trump went on Truth Social.WATTERS: To you Katie.TARLOV: Just a little faster. Just a few more seconds.KATIE PAVLICH FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I'll let Jessica go first.TARLOV: He posted on Truth Social through hard work, talent and luck, I currently have almost $500 million in cash. Well, your lawyer said that you didn't have that money. You have before. And we talked about this a couple of days ago, he had before said, I have like 400 million. You said, well, where's he supposed to get the extra 54 million? I guess he found another 100 million in the course of the last two days.And his lawyers have been in court, arguing that it's an undue burden that they can't get the bond for this. Even though the state has come back and said you can get a bunch of smaller bonds. It doesn't have to be the for the 454 million. And he's just squandering good faith, like Mark Cuban defending him.Saying, you people don't understand the real estate market. He went hard after a Congressman Ted Lieu from California, saying real estate developers don't keep cash like this, that would be stupid.Well, Donald Trump is now telling us that he does. So, if he has the cash, that doesn't mean he has to put up his properties. And they lose value if he wins his appeal. I don't know if he will. But that's the argument that he's been making. Why is he saying that he has $500 million in cash, Jesse? Why is he saying that?WATTERS: I don't know, I'm not Donald Trump.PAVLICH: I think if Americans look at this issue, they're not thinking about that aspect of it. OK. This whole example shows just how hard it is to build a great American company, to build something that employs thousands of people and how easy it is for the left and government weaponization -- Shannon, is that your phone?BREAM: I'll call you back, Mom. Sorry.PAVLICH: To me, it's so easy to tear everything down. And that's exactly what's happening. All these people in the media are laughing, they're loving this, they've never built anything in their life.And when it comes to people watching this, one of the scariest things for the average American is to get a phone call from a lawyer, or from a government official saying we're taking you to court, you've been sued, because it costs a lot of money and your livelihood gets completely wiped out.They're watching this play out on a huge level and for Letitia James to be confiscating buildings. Now, these aren't just buildings. These are places that employ in hundreds of people, thousands of people, people live in these building.And you say maybe they haven't thought about the consequences. I think they have and they don't care because they are willing to sacrifice people for the sake of their agenda. And their agenda is to stop Trump from running for office and they are sure making it look like they're scared to run against him. When all along they said, he was the guy that wanted to run against in the first place.GUTFELD: You just made me think of this. What if you live in -- who's your landlord there?PAVLICH: Right.GUTFELD: And how -- your government is now your landlord, think about that.BREAM: But you notice it sounds like what they're looking at are the properties outside of New York, like Westchester, the golf club, the private estate.TARLOV: Mar-a-Lago.BREAM: Right. Because I think that even for Tish James to look at the Trump Tower and the optics of what it would do to take his name off, to kick people out, to kick businesses out. I think they know in the city that would create a ripple of fear.GUTFELD: So, just take his homes.BREAM: Right. I think that's where we're going.PAVLICH: Where people work.GUTFELD: Amazing.PAVLICH: Who's going to sign their paychecks?WATTERS: Unbelievable, Jessica, unbelievable.GUTFELD: You should be ashamed.WATTERS: You really should be ashamed of yourself.TARLOV: I'm doing fine, I must say that. $500 million, not a lot of cash.WATTERS: So, if you can't just seize his cash, so he can't finance his campaign.TARLOV: -- volunteering it.WATTERS: No, this is ugly and you're accountable for it. We're never going to let you forget about it.TARLOV: OK.WATTERS: Ever. Up next, the media and the Democrats blaming this insane border invasion video on Donald Trump.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BREAM: It is the shocking border video that's causing outrage in Washington and beyond but the White House isn't even sure if President Biden has seen it. More than a hundred migrants trampling over a group of National Guardsmen and ripping through razor wire to reach the U.S. Somehow the media attempting to lay the blame for that on Donald Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: If I were a Democrat running for office, I would do this. I would be carrying this around all day. Look at what the Republicans are doing to you. Look what Donald Trump is doing to you. Donald Trump said kill the bill. And blame me for everything that happens after this point. Donald Trump said blame me. So yes, Donald, we are blaming you.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: But business reporter Hillary Vaughn catching up with some Democrats on the Hill who seemed very reluctant to call what happened there an invasion.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HILLARY VAUGHN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Is this an invasion?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I know that you are trying to ask an I got you question. Of course, you don't want anybody getting assaulted.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I wouldn't use the word invasion. And I'm saying there's a lot of disinformation about what happened. I saw the video. I've read reports that a lot of those folks were on U.S. soil already.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: So, the New York Post reporter who actually captured those stunning damages claims that those stampeding migrants have been released into the U.S. under Title 8, and will be able to make a case for asylum.White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre, not denying that.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Everyone was apprehended by the Border Patrol agents that is important to know, they were apprehended.DOOCY: Were they deported?JEAN-PIERRE: They were apprehended. I can't speak to individual cases.(END VIDEO CLIP)BREAM: Jesse, apprehended. But I think for most people who see that video, regardless of where you are in this debate over immigration, you don't feel like that that group of people should just be released into the U.S.WATTERS: They released them already.BREAM: Sounds like it, most of them.WATTERS: Yes, they're -- none of them were deported. They were all caught and released as is every single invader that comes across. I liked the Democrat that said, well, it was an invasion, they had already invaded. What is that supposed to mean?This is like you move into someone's house, and you tear down the fence, you open the gate, and you unlock all the doors. And then all of a sudden, the entire neighborhood pours into your house. And you blame the previous owner. What are you talking about? You're the one that tore down the gates, the fences, the locks and took away the security. That's what Joe Biden is trying to do.And I don't know the difference between Joe Biden and Joe Scarborough. They're both yelling at me. Ones yelling at me at 9:00 at night, the other ones at 6:00 in the morning. Why are they yelling at me? Why?TARLOV: You don't listen.WATTERS: I listen. I listened for like five hours apiece. When I interviewed all these kooks. You should have been in the book, Jessica.BREAM: You have a book out?WATTERS: Man, do I have to tell you, Shannon?BREAM: I don't know. OK, so we get to this issue with Joe Scarborough, Katie, you know, he's saying, OK, blame Donald Trump and all these people. I talked to, by the way, Senator Lankford this afternoon, who spent four months negotiating that thing that didn't go anywhere.And I said to him, I've asked him before, what -- you know, Republicans, you spend all this time negotiating, and now you're going to get blamed for this thing not getting passed. I mean, we know it took three years to get here. But are some people going to buy that?PAVLICH: This is not working. The polling is showing Trump running away with the issue of illegal immigration with Hispanics, this issue is going to the right, pushing more people to the Republican Party.I would point out that this took place in El Paso when Joe Biden went to El Paso the first time in history of him going to the border, the North Korea style, got everybody out. So, he didn't see any of this going on. He didn't see a single illegal immigrant crossing the border, didn't see anyone in the detention center. This is what's really going on.And the details of this are actually very important here, the fencing that is put up, that was from the Texas National Guard, they're the ones trying to prevent these people from coming in. The Border Patrol under direction from Joe Biden is supposed to let them in, process them, and then let them go.So, all of these guys, and many like millions of them, like them had been processed and let go into the country. And Democrats are you know, they're not concerned about it, they think it's just fine. They actually think these people should own guns, and they're in your neighborhoods.And so, this is what they're dealing with. And this will be in lots of different ads. And people can see for themselves. It's kind of like telling people inflation is better. People can see what's happening on the border. And they know the difference between Trump's border policies. And Biden's regardless of this bipartisan bill, and the bipartisan bill wouldn't have fixed this issue, Remain in Mexico would help a lot.BREAM: I thought it's interesting that Brandon Judd, who heads up the Border Patrol agents council said this morning that this isn't actually a once-in-a-lifetime thing. I mean, just like he said, this just happened to be that there was a camera there that caught this, but he says this actually does happen regularly.TARLOV: I would believe that. I don't know if it's as many people each time but I'm sure that things like this happen constantly. And it's tough, and they're understaffed, and those are things that the bipartisan border bill would get done.But I've noticed the proverbial tea leaves are saying this just isn't going to happen. We know that Donald Trump wants to run on it, that's fine. But it's not going to get passed, right, by the time that the election comes around.So, this is what it's going to be like. And for Democrats and border Democrats, the way they talk about the border is so different from the way the Democrats in other parts of the country do.Obviously, some that are near these liberal metro poles that have had migrants bussed in have changed their tune. Nevada, they sound more like a John Fetterman. But if you listen to Mark Kelly talk about it, even Katie Hobbs, sometimes he was talking about the National Guard there. Henry Cuellar, it's a different world and it will become close to an insurmountable problem for Democrats if this isn't addressed.I couldn't believe this. This Monmouth poll has support for a border wall for the first time in history over 50 percent. It peaked at 44 percent when Donald Trump was president, someone who was talking about the wall all the time. 60 percent say illegal immigration is a very serious problem and 61 percent on migrants to stay in Mexico while their asylum claims are processed.Now, you need cooperation from Mexico for that to be able to happen.BREAM: And that's very questionable.TARLOV: Very questionable, and they don't want to do that. But when you think about --WATTERS: Trump got them to do it.TARLOV: Trump is amazing. When you think about that, that's where the American psyche is at this moment. You need to get something done.BREAM: So, Greg, is that -- these poll results mean that what President Biden has done for three years has pushed people to now embrace Trump policies?GUTFELD: Well, yes, I think that -- well, first, let's go to Joe Scarborough, OK. This is why it's so important to have friends. Right?Like, I could swear to all of you, my friends. And that means if I were ever to become like that, I would expect one of you to kill me. And you have my approval that you could even you, Shannon.BREAM: What's your preferred method?GUTFELD: I don't -- surprise me, back of the head. I don't care.BREAM: Surprise you? OK.GUTFELD: But don't ever let Greggy become that crazy. The logic here that it's somehow Trump's fault for this incredible mess. That's like Mika blaming Joe's ex-wife for ending up with Joe as her loser husband. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, don't blame her, blame yourself. We're allowed to call this an invasion. Right? I was thinking of an undocumented nature walk or a parade for peace.But it isn't say that we've had -- you know, young men and young women have fought and died defending this country from various attacks. And in this case, we just lay down and say come on in.I mean, we -- God forbid we act like any other country, and respect our home. But here we've been brainwashed by the media that believing in a border is nationalistic, xenophobic. I think the Democrats also have to make up their minds. You can't have a porous border and free stuff at the same time. And they advocate for both, so what you see is America turning into one giant smash and grab, a nationwide target.WATTERS: Can you go back to the part and repeat about how we can kill you again?BREAM: He said just surprise him.PAVLICH: I like this part.GUTFELD: You can't just do it. You have to -- if I become anything like that.WATTERS: OK.PAVLICH: We reject the request or put it on someone else.BREAM: We're going to get -- we're going to get creative. TARLOV: I think Jesse's going to take it.BREAM: We'll discuss during the commercial.All right, up next, Democrats about to go nuclear on what some say is the biggest threat to President Biden's reelection, third-party candidates.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PAVLICH: Well, Democrats are in a total panic that a third-party candidate like RFK Jr. could spoil Joe Biden's reelection. The DNC has said to be building a crack team of operatives and lawyers to squash the contenders like bug whether it's through dirty opposition research -- hello, Christopher Steele -- or challenging their access to the ballot.Former Biden mouthpiece, Jen Psaki, says the candidates posed the biggest threat to Biden.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEN PSAKI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: These third-party candidates are a huge, huge, huge problem and there's a number of them. If you look at RFK Jr., it's the name recognition issue. This is the -- one of the biggest threats to Joe Biden being reelected.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAVLICH: RFK Jr. is also getting on the nerves of the Liberal media. The candidate recently declaring the New York Times is a "an instrument of the Democratic Party in this tense interview." Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: 70 percent of the people in this country do not want a contest between Trump and Biden. The New York Times is not going to give those -- allow those people to get -- those Americans who don't want to see a rerun of this contest, don't you think they deserve something? The New York Times Democratic -- is essentially an instrument of the Democratic Party.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAVLICH: So, Jesse, it's interesting that the party of democracy has been filing all these lawsuits to keep RFK Jr. off of the ballot for people to vote.WATTERS: I mean, are you shocked? Katie, these people will stop at nothing. They're taking people's money. They're taking people's homes. They're not even giving this guy Secret Service protection. The CIA framed Trump as a traitor. What else are they -- you -- I mean, this is nothing. This is Tiddlywinks. What, are they going to have a couple of lawyers try to keep them off the ballot? So what? They arrested their opponent. That's nothing.They're putting this guy's life in danger. They're putting Trump's life in danger. The Democratic Party does not have any rules anymore. Anything goes. They can call you Hitler. They can smear you as a Nazi. They can frame you, they can plant evidence, they can take everything that you've ever worked for.If I were the Democrats, I'd be scared because he's a threat, RFK Jr. He's peeling votes away from Joe Biden and they have to do whatever it takes, whatever it takes, Katie. Look at her eyes. She's capable of anything.PAVLICH: Especially with those glasses on, disguised. Jessica, do you want to respond to the accusations being lobed at your --TARLOV: That I'm demonic? No, I'll let that one go for today. But third- party spoilers are a problem for both parties. If you go back to the 90s, Ross Perot. H.W. Bush would have had a very different life if Ross Perot hadn't run.WATTERS: Ross Perot got Secret Service protection.TARLOV: Way to change the subject.PAVLICH: What about Jo Biden losing as a result of this? Because the polling shows that actually RFK pulls more from --TARLOV: Some of it. Some of it shows that he does hurt Trump as well, and there's crossover. I understand but this -- what you're seeing play out and I think it is completely warranted is PTSD from 2016 with Jill Stein. If you look at the margins in Wisconsin and Michigan and Pennsylvania, Hillary Clinton, and there are a number of reasons that she ended up losing the election, but Jill Stein being in the race is one of them.And RFK Jr. it's interesting obviously the anti-vax stuff, it's way on the other end of this, but has this green party history right or green agenda history and was a great climate activist. The accusations about the New York Times though completely unfounded. And we've talked about this a few times before. Democrats do not think that the New York Times is on our side and can point to a number of stories going back to the Hillary Clinton server story, Uranium One.If you even look at the polling and how they cover it, the New York Times- Sienna poll, for instance, we did the whole two days, right, of cycle on the New York Times-Sienna poll showing that Trump was doing so much better with Black Americans, with Gen Z voters, that he was somehow within -- I think it was a couple of points with female voters, and then the breathless coverage of how Biden is too old for this. The Ezra Klein piece of that. Ezra Klein is at the New York Times. That essay turned into multiple news cycles about Democrats are coming around. They understand that Joe Biden can't do this. That's all our "beloved New York Times."And I'm sorry for RFK Jr. that he doesn't know that there's tape of him talking about being antivaccine, talking about policies that are completely out of step with the Democratic Party to the point that his own family wants to do St. Patrick's Day at the White House and doesn't want to be around him. And they're only going to be upping their campaign against him and not because we're in a cult, but because he doesn't represent our values.PAVLICH: Well, if you think the New York Times is not nice to Democrats, you should see what they do to Republicans.TARLOV: I do --PAVLICH: But RFK's strategy has been not to use the mainstream media, Greg, it's been to go to alternative sources to get more support even though he has high name I.D.GUTFELD: Well, a couple of points. Jessica, Perot did get 19 percent of the vote but he didn't get a single electoral vote, so that's something to ponder.WATTERS: Greg studied.GUTFELD: Yes, I did. This guy's dad and uncle were assassinated. You could argue one by the CIA and I don't mean the Culinary Institute of America, Shannon. So, maybe he might deserve some protection. I mean, it's kind of weird. The reality is if you have a third-party candidate with some substance, it could have an effect.And I don't know who RFK would actually pull from because I actually -- you know, I like him, you know, because he sounds like a Democrat of old. He sounds like he's smart. But you got to leave it to the Democrats. Instead of trying to win at the ballot in November, they're going to try to take the candidate out, so people don't have the choice. You know, why beat him if you can cheat him. I mean, at least the Republicans are OK with choice. The only time Democrats believe in choice is when they deny it to the unborn. Take that, baby killers.TARLOV: But the Republicans don't want No Labels.BREAM: Democrats don't want it either.TARLOV: I know, but I'm just saying when he says that Republicans welcome it.WATTERS: What's No Labels?GUTFELD: Yes.TARLOV: Well, No Labels, it's --WATTERS: No one knows what No Labels is.TARLOV: It's a grifting operation that's raced $70 million to try to get Larry Hogan on the ballot, they wanted Joe Manchin on the ballot.(CROSSTALK)PAVLICH: Shannon, would you rather talk about the CIA accusations or the Culinary Institute of America?BREAM: Well, I will say this. I think there's good reason for Democrats and the White House to be -- have consternation and be worried about this. When you have in a single state more than 100,000 people show up to vote Uncommitted because they're so ticked off, and thousands -- tens of thousands more votes in other states. There is some real angst and real pushback that -- if people think there's a viable third-party option that's dangerous for the White House.PAVLICH: Yes, indeed. All right, "THE FASTEST" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)TARLOV: Welcome back. It's time for "THE FASTEST." First up, is the melting of the ice caps getting you down? We got the place for you. Climate cafes are springing up in cities across America and the world offering a place for people to discuss their grief, fears, anxiety, and other emotions about the climate crisis.PAVLICH: No.TARLOV: Is that it?PAVLICH: Don't go inside. Like, get outside, get out of the city, get some fresh air, pick up some trash. Do something good for the environment. Like, I don't know, do a project with like the Arizona Antelope Foundation or the Bighorn Sheep Society, or clean up your local river. Something. Don't go sit inside in the air conditioning or wherever and talk about this. It's not the place for it. Like, go into nature if you're worried about it and do something positive.GUTFELD: They don't.PAVLICH: They don't. But they should.GUTFELD: They don't like nature. They don't -- they like feeling as though that humans have some kind of impact. It makes them feel important. We have the research that shows that climate alarmism is a detriment to your mental health, right? And telling Gen Z that the planet's going to end in 10 years, it's not conducive to like planning long-term goals, if any goals. Why do you think everybody's so depressed?And they're saying OK, let's talk through it. That's like saying you're going to cut back drinking by throwing a kegger. They're just going to sit around in a room and just -- but it's good because it gets them out of our circulation. They're away from us. And by the way, if they do go outside, they're not going to be good out there.PAVLICH: That's true.GUTFELD: They're probably going to get killed by a falling tree.BREAM: Yikes.TARLOV: But we had -- in one week alone, we had the crying cafe or what was it called, the place where you go and you have a good cry for 20 minutes?GUTFELD: That's Brian Kilmeade's dressing room.BREAM: Bream?TARLOV: The cry spa. And now the climate crying cafe.WATTERS: Get It Together features a chapter about a guy who sits and blocks traffic to save the climate, and it's very similar to what Greg just alluded to. This is an emotional problem. And when you hear this guy's life story, when you buy the book, Get It Together, you will realize it's all about a personality disorder. It's nothing to do with science.GUTFELD: No, not at all.BREAM: I think these are slightly better than the cat cafes, you know, where you go and sit and the cats get on you.TARLOV: Cats are pretty cute.BREAM: Not if you're super allergic like me, and you just don't like cats. Sorry, half of America.GUTFELD: Why would you just arbitrarily trash cats, Shannon? See, this is why people think you're evil. You constantly bring these --PAVLICH: Well cats are not nice to her either.BREAM: No, no, no. Cats have sent me to the emergency room.GUTFELD: You have cat scratch fever?BREAM: Something like that.GUTFELD: Ted Nugent (PH) will be --TARLOV: OK, everybody thinks that pennies are annoying and stupid, so should we get rid of them. A Chipotle customer stirring debate on that after dealing with a worker who was confused on how to make change and specifically asked her if she wanted pennies back.Does anyone like pennies?WATTERS: I do. I have a whole jar of change and I let Jesse Jr. go through it, and we count it, and then he thinks he's rich.TARLOV: Do you take it to the bank and actually --WATTERS: He puts it in his piggy bank. Yes.TARLOV: That's cute.PAVLICH: I think I like coins because my grandpa used to give me coins as gifts, you know, but we spend more money to produce pennies than pennies are worth.WATTERS: We do?PAVLICH: So, it's like a big taxpayer-funded project that sucks a lot of money, like everything else, yes.BREAM: But if you're going to get rid of pennies, don't you just get rid of all change because that's the thing I hate.TARLOV: Quarters are great.BREAM: Like, putting it into my purse and it's all flying around in there. But I feel like if we get rid of pennies, just get rid of all of it. What I liked is that this person had to give back 77 cents in change, and they couldn't figure out the math to give back 77 cents.PAVLICH: Three quarters and two pennies.BREAM: Right. Apparently, people don't deal in cash anymore.PAVLICH: I got it. I got it, guys.BREAM: If they're under 30s.GUTFELD: I'm with Katie. You know, creating -- keeping pennies around makes no sense.WATTERS: Nice.GUTFELD: Do you know that there are 150 billion pennies circulating in the world that comes to $1,500 billion. One million pennies, by the way, is $10,000. Did you know that? I think you should make an executive order that confiscates all the pennies and then give it to me.WATTERS: Oh, give it to you?BREAM: I'd give them up.TARLOV: That's some serious research.WATTERS: You give pennies to homeless people, Greg.GUTFELD: No, they'll just get violent. They'll just get violent and beat you.TARLOV: All right -- true.PAVLICH: Yes.TARLOV: "FAN MAIL FRIDAY" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: All right --WATTERS: If you want to be my lover --GUTFELD: That is the greatest --BREAM: On the recorder.GUTFELD: That's a medieval version of Wannabe by the Spice Girls. I'm going to buy that. All right, first question for Maria T. That was incredible. Imagine today is a Friday night in your early 20s. What are you up to after work? That is a great question, Shannon. What were you doing?BREAM: My early 20s, I was in law school. I was poor my power got turned off and I was depressed and eating all the time. So, probably on Friday night, I was alone, fat, in the dark reading books.GUTFELD: Wow.BREAM: That was my 20s.PAVLICH: That is so --TARLOV: It's all uphill story.GUTFELD: Jesse?BREAM: So, it's all uphill from here.PAVLICH: Wow.WATTERS: All right, so I get off work, go back to the apartment. I was staying at my friend's parent's penthouse in 69th and Park.BREAM: Wow.WATTERS: Oh, it was phenomenal. I'd bring girls back. They thought it was my place. Forget about it, Gutfeld. Anyway, I put my jeans on, I put my stylish leather shoes on, and then I put this like really weird stripe, colorful, button-down shirt on real tight because I was working out, then roll the sleeves up, knock back a few cocktails, spend all of my paycheck for the week, the whole paycheck, and then come back by myself.BREAM: Did you pop a cola?WATTERS: Oh, no. Not with a button-down. Never with a button down.BREAM: OK. All right, just so I know.GUTFELD: OK, Jessica, early 20s, what were you doing?TARLOV: Early 20s, I --GUTFELD: Were you still super tall?TARLOV: Yes. No, that started about 10 years old. I was in grad school living in London and love going to the movies. And we would go to the theater that had the best pick and mix candy, so buy like 15 pounds weight and great British pounds worth of candy and see a movie.GUTFELD: Wow. All right. This wasn't too long ago for you, Pavlich.PAVLICH: That's right. No, I probably -- if it were summertime on a Friday night would be maybe coming to New York to visit my brother because he was in college in New Jersey or getting ready for a country concert on Saturday.BREAM: Fun.PAVLICH: During the day. So, maybe some tailgating and fun.GUTFELD: My early 20s were either spent in D.C. in -- basically just crashing all over the place or I was living in Allentown, Pennsylvania and I was -- then I lived with my mom and I was broke the entire time.BREAM: There's a song about that. Yes, there is. There is. We have time for one more. All right, imagine -- oh, sorry. What expensive item did you purchase and soon realize it was not worth it? Katie?PAVLICH: I feel like this every time I go to a restaurant now.GUTFELD: Oh, wow. Interesting.PAVLICH: Yes, it's like so expensive and it's not really good.GUTFELD: Burrata?PAVLICH: Sure. What is that? Oh, is that cheese?GUTFELD: Yes.PAVLICH: The burrata.GUTFELD: Yes.PAVLICH: All of it, not good.TARLOV: Lot of handbags that were not worth the cost.GUTFELD: Yes, you just stare at them, you know.TARLOV: And they're in like a house in the closet that would never --GUTFELD: Where's the joy?TARLOV: Where is the joy?GUTFELD: Where's the joy, Jesse?WATTERS: Gucci sunglasses because you always lose sunglasses.GUTFELD: Yes, exactly.BREAM: That's true.GUTFELD: And also, Gucci.BREAM: Oh, I bought -- I bought a sparkly pink winter coat, and it was final sale but I bought it online, and I was just sure I could shoehorn myself into it, so -- until I get the stomach flu or food poisoning. I'm not wearing it.GUTFELD: Oh, well, I'll wear it.BREAM: But it was good in my closet.GUTFELD: Well, you know what I realized? I ordered it and I waited the supply chain, the E.V. Bentley. I -- you know, I --TARLOV: You were going to get it in this week.GUTFELD: Yes.BREAM: Did you cancel your order?GUTFELD: Yes, yes, yes. It's like -- it's just runs out of gas. I mean, it's a real electric guzzler if you ask me.PAVLICH: Wow.GUTFELD: All right, "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Greg?GUTFELD: Oh, tonight, what a show. You get a another dose of Jesse. You got Johnny Joey Jones, Kat Timpf, Tyrus, all Stars tonight. Hey, let's do this. Yes, look at that question mark. Greg's guess the animal sound. So, I'm going to -- let's play this sound and then we'll go around the table you got to guess what it is. Play the sound.All right, Shannon.BREAM: A hippopotamus.WATTERS: Seagull.GUTFELD: You said seagull last time.WATTERS: They all sound like seagull.GUTFELD: How about Dr. Marc Siegel? Jessica?TARLOV: It's stray dogs.GUTFELD: Stray dogs.PAVLICH: Goose.GUTFELD: Goose?BREAM: Oh.GUTFELD: Let's play the tape. It's at Potawatomi Zoo in South Bend, Indiana.TARLOV: Is it snowing there?GUTFELD: Yes, it's snowing.TARLOV: They don't get cold?PAVLICH: They're cold there.BREAM: Flamingos are really loud.WATTERS: That is the most pompous bird that exists.TARLOV: They're pretty.WATTERS: The pomposity of those flamingos really get in my craw.GUTFELD: The peacock is pretty bad.WATTERS: I'll be in New Jersey tomorrow if you want to touch my hair and I'll take a photo and maybe some other things. Northvale, New Jersey you can come from Connecticut, New York, or New Jersey. And we're sold out at Point Pleasant Beach on Sunday. But Dana will be there, so if you want to see Dana and check us out.GUTFELD: All the books are free, right?WATTERS: Free if you consider free $30.00. Tomorrow, I'll be on "FOX AND FRIENDS" and then later Kilmeade Saturday night, "ONE NATION" under God and under Jesse. Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," the Get It Together series continues with the ecosexual. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I love looking at the expanse of ocean, feeling the spray mist, the sea mist on my skin, getting the sand and all of the little crevices that feel somewhat uncomfortable.WATTERS: Don't you love getting the sand in the crevices at the beach, Greg?PAVLICH: No.TARLOV: No, it's the worst.GUTFELD: It is.WATTERS: Yes, for us it is at least. Jessica?TARLOV: OK. So, last night, Judge Jeanine and I went over to the Paley Museum for a conversation on antisemitism that was being hosted by Paley's president and CEO Maureen Reidy, feature Shari Redstone and Ronald Lauder who's the president of the World Jewish Congress -- sorry -- Shari Redstone, board of -- chair of the board of directors at Paramount Global.It was a really insightful talk about how antisemitism has just been growing, and growing, and growing obviously since October 7th. Ambassador Lauder shared some really interesting insights from spending a lot of time in Israel and what he hopes for the future there and talking about the American and Israeli relationship. And we want to thank them for hosting us last night. It was a great conversation. And Paula Zahn moderated.WATTERS: All right.PAVLICH: That's wonderful.WATTERS: Shannon?BREAM: OK, so I would love for you to join me on Fox News Sunday. We've got Senator Tim Kaine and Senator Tom Cotton. We'll see you on Sunday.WATTERS: And there's a rumor there's going to be arm wrestling between those two senators.BREAM: For charity.PAVLICH: Yes.WATTERS: For charity.GUTFELD: Kaine and Cotton.WATTERS: All right, place your bets now.We'll see you guys back here on Monday. Have a great weekend, everybody.