RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS HOST: 3 PM on the West Coast. Please join Shannon Bream on Fox News Sunday. Her guests are Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton and Virginia Senator Tim Kaine. Thanks for watching "SPECIAL REPORT." I'm Rich Edson in Washington. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is next.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from Washington tonight. My Angle in moments. But first.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We never like to hear that somebody's -- somebody's got cancer in such a young family, they're not going to understand fully, all the implications. It's very stressful. And honestly, we can only wish the best.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I mean, obviously, it's a shame for the family. I feel like they've been through quite a few hard years in the last, what, four years or so.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think it's OK to worry about Kate and the King, but then I think they deserve to have their private life as well.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Shocking concern is the reaction from across the globe to the news that ended more than two months of wild speculation about the whereabouts and health of the Princess of Wales.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KATE MIDDLETON, PRINCESS OF WALES: In January, I underwent major abdominal surgery in London. And at the time, it was thought that my condition was non-cancerous. The surgery was successful, however, test after the operation on cancer had been present. My medical team therefore advised that I should undergo a course of preventative chemotherapy. And I'm now in the early stages of that treatment.This, of course, came as a huge shock. And William and I have been doing everything we can to process and manage this privately, for the sake of our young family. As I've said to them, I am well, and getting stronger every day by focusing on the things that will help me heal in my mind, body, and spirits.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, well, wishes have been pouring in all day long from her subjects, elected officials, other royalty, celebrities and everyday people. Now we have to remember this has been a tumultuous time for Britain and the Royal Family. First with the death of the world's beloved and longest reigning monarch, Queen Elizabeth, then the charges of racism and racial stereotyping coming from Harry and Meghan, and then King Charles own cancer announcement just a few months ago, and now this a young mother of three and the most popular royal also diagnosed with cancer.Now we know that cancer impacts millions across the globe every year, and in 2022, there were approximately 20 million new cases, and 9.7 million cancer deaths touches almost everyone we know. Well, including me personally.Joining me now is Royal Watcher, Hilary Fordwich. Hilary, good to see you tonight. What caused them, do you think, to finally make this very difficult announcement?HILLARY FORDWICH, ROYAL WATCHER: Well, you're right. It was a very difficult announcement, Laura. And what I would say is that obviously, as you mentioned, there have been tremendous speculation, huge furor, lots of international conspiracy theories to the point where it was getting really ghastly, and I do know that she was finding it shocking. And it was also very upsetting and dispiriting. She did not have to come out and make the statement herself.There have been times where there have been official announcements from both Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace, it could have been made by an official announcement. But she chose personally to come out and do this. And Laura, I think it takes not only a great amount of courage, but she demonstrated her very authentic personality, how very down to earth she is.And at this time with this going on, as you mentioned, you've even felt this yourself personally, you know how devastating this can be. And yet, she took the time to mention other people, to mention not only her family, but also to mention those also that have suffered with cancer.And I think this was a great demonstration, not only of leadership, but for the British Royal Family at an age where you know, they could become irrelevant for the next generation, the fact that her name was more Googled in the United States than Trump and Biden's names that shows you how internationally important this has become. And I think it's made her relevant and help the monarchy in the long run, although very sadly, for a sad reason.INGRAHAM: Now, as I mentioned, Hillary, there are unprecedented times for the Royal Family. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MAX FOSTER, CNN ROYAL CORRESPONDENT: This is a senior member of royalty who isn't going to be there for the public right now. And with the King looking pretty vulnerable as well, also with cancer treatment, I think is pretty unsettling time for people here in the UK, when the monarchy is meant to represents stability and continuity.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Hillary, I actually disagree to some extent with what he said. I mean, unsettling in a way, it's been a tough series of things that they've had to face. But in a way, she suddenly like all the rest of us who have had to either take care of someone who has cancer or know someone or lose someone or have a cancer diagnosis yourself. And so, she's kind of the every woman now.FORDWICH: Yes, she is. And as I mentioned, I think she was very relatable. She talked about her children. And also, they've timed this, Laura, very importantly, to be at the beginning of their what is in England, the Easter break now. So, this way the children will be with her, she will be at home with them. I think it's very carefully timed for the family. But I think this is actually stabilizing for the nation to see that somebody in the Royal Family has this much fortitude, and this much basically simple common sense to address the nation in this manner. I think it's a very good sign for the monarchy, actually, in the long run.INGRAHAM: Hilary, great to see you. Thank you so much. Joining me now is Martha MacCallum, host of the story. Martha, of course, you've been covering this all day long, there was one thing that Kate said today that I can personally empathize with. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIDDLETON: As you can imagine, this has taken time, it has taken me time to recover from major surgery in order to start my treatment. But most importantly, it has taken us time to explain everything to George, Charlotte, and Louis, in a way that's appropriate for them and to reassure them that I'm going to be OK. We hope that you'll understand that as a family, we now need some time, space and privacy while I complete my treatment.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Martha, I can't imagine really, as a mother now, but when I had my own battle with breast cancer, I hadn't had my children yet. But I still was like, wanted privacy. I didn't want people to say how are you doing, even though people meant well, you wanted to have a little cocoon of, let me just deal with this. So, I totally understand what she's saying there, take care of home front first.MARTHA MACCALLUM, HOST OF THE STORY: Yes. Well, you've experienced it, Laura. And I spoke with my sister who has also experienced it today. And she said exactly the same thing. She said, I needed to know that I was on the road to being OK. And that I had sort of my arms wrapped around, how this was all going to work before I could start talking to other people about it. And I think that is so such a personal experience.And I think that's what we saw today from the Princess of Wales. She was very direct. She was gracious and she was personal. And she was actually the person that I think everyone who has watched her evolved through this process believe that she is and there has been a lot thrown at them recently. And they're -- it's revealed that they're going through what a lot of families go through, and now they've got two people in the family who are battling this issue.I think it's -- they shared a little, right. I mean, when Charles cancer was diagnosed, we didn't learn what kind it is. We don't know exactly what his treatment is. But both of them went in for what they thought was one thing that turned out to be another. And that, of course, is a fear that a lot of us, everyone, I think, shares, when you have tests coming back and all of this, so I do think it was a shock, clearly, and I think it put a lot of this discussion to rest. And I think for people, Rishi Sunak, the Prime Minister commented on, how difficult and how rude really so many people had been in the run up to this.But Hillary makes a good point about the timing. And the timing was there. The timing wasn't pressed by the fact that everyone was circulating these vicious rumors, it was pressed by the fact that today is the day before the children's Easter break begins. And so now they could make this statement, hunker down and be together and not have the kids have to go back to school and be questioned about it perhaps.INGRAHAM: Martha, the New York Post is reporting that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle had no idea about Kate Middleton's cancer, an insider saying that trust has been broken. Well, you're -- and they have a very, they have a one-line statement essentially, I think we'll put it up on the screen. That was basically we send our well wishes and to the family and we hope -- we wish health and healing for Kate and the family and hope they are able to do so privately and in peace. Kind of short statement from your wife and your brother.MACCALLUM: I'm not at all -- right. I mean, but this is a very broken relationship. And they -- Harry, Meghan made horrible accusations against William and Kate and the rest of the family. So, it's not at all surprising to me that they weren't given a heads-up about this situation. I think that they were recently dropped from the Royal Family website. There had been sort of a peripheral mention of them for a while, but that's not there anymore either.And I think in many ways, this is going to be not the time when William is likely to want to reach out and patch things up. Maybe that comes at some point, but it doesn't feel like the statement from them was really, It didn't even need to be public. They could have just reached out privately, but you know it is what it is.INGRAHAM: It's PR. Martha, a lot of the people, and you mentioned some of this. And going back and looking at some of the comments that have been made by people about her and about the Royal Family, were just so in poor taste is one thing today, but they were cruel. And they're from some of the late-night hosts and comments about what she was really doing and what she was really up to.And it kind of makes us all, I think, take a pause and realize, no matter what we think about this issue or that issue, these are human beings. And we are all like here for a very short period of time on this planet. And maybe a moment of humility and patience is in order for all of us, but especially these cruel people, their comments were awful.MACCALLUM: I mean, I think there is a long history of poking fun at the Royal Family. And I think there's a place for that in some ways, especially in England, where they have their own relationship over all of these years with it.In this case, it does feel pretty ugly at this moment, especially after her very heartfelt announcement today. But I also think that when that vacuum existed, a lot of people sort of rushed to fill it with their ideas of what was going on in this society that we live in. Unfortunately, that is the way that things happen. And people were kind of filling in the blanks on their own.But yes, it was an unfortunate and again, I don't think that that pushed her to this moment. I think the timing was very much on her own schedule in terms of her own process with her treatments and the children. She kind of does things the wrong way. And I think we saw that today.INGRAHAM: Martha, thank you so much. All right. Joining me now is Dr. Karol Sikora, consultant oncologist in the United Kingdom. Dr. Sikora, thank you for joining us. What have you heard about her diagnosis that leads you to be either very concerned or cautiously optimistic?DR. KAROL SIKORA, CONSULTANT ONCOLOGIST: I'm very optimistic. I mean she said in her statement, beautiful statement on the bench with the daffodils in the background, that it was preventive chemotherapy, which in medical terms mean adjuvant chemotherapy, probably colon cancer, standard regimens, four to six months of chemotherapy.And what we do in oncology today is to tailor the treatment to the patient personalized medicine is here to stay, piloted in the United States, we work out the risk of someone developing a recurrence of the disease. And if the risk is significant, beyond 5 percent to 10 percent, it's different in the States. It's slightly lower there than here, we're more conservative.We give adjuvant chemotherapy, and that seems to be watches (ph). I'm not involved in treatment. So, I'm not portraying (ph) any confidences. She's being treated well by my colleagues. And I'm sure she will get through this. It's a shock. It's a shock for her. Shock for her family. And obviously a shock to the British public who loves her clearly.And I think she handles it beautifully today in that video clip that we saw.INGRAHAM: Dr. Sikora --SIKORA: And that's really a credit for her and the family.INGRAHAM: Yes, I would agree and Dr. Sikora, no one can speculate, we don't know what kind of cancer it is, she did make a few comments about abdominal surgery. One of my very close friends who I got to know during my own issue with cancer, said who knows what this is, but if I had to guess, I'd guess it was ovarian cancer early stages and I bet she's on an adjuvant regimen. He's a top oncologist of carboplatin and taxol for three to six months. And people tend to deal with that pretty well, considering what some of the old chemos were like.SIKORA: It's not fun having chemotherapy or surgery.INGRAHAM: No.SIKORA: I'd been an attending physician for over 40 years, and it's really improved dramatically on both sides of the Atlantic. You know, we look after patients better, nurses are doing the chemotherapy, not hassled junior doctors. And it really, we have better drugs to control the side effects, especially the sickness and the other side effects of chemotherapy.One of the problems we haven't been able to defeat is the tiredness that comes with it. You just get tired. Just going to hospital so regularly, having blood tests, having scans, having the chemotherapy itself it's tiring, and you just have to adjust to it. And of course, a mother of children has to look after the family and all the rest of it.I think it's been a very human period here today in England with the revelation because all families have problems, one in two of us in this country and your country are going to get cancer. So, this is not just the Royal Family having problems, everybody gets the same thing, and it brings out all the problems and families and the love of families. So, I think it's -- she's been an icon for the future as cancer treatment.INGRAHAM: Doctor, we really appreciate your time tonight. Thank you so much. All right. What happened today in Washington should surprise me. Well, not really. I guess it shouldn't surprise me given what's happened of late. My Angle explains it, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Never Trump loves Speaker Jeffries. That's the focus of tonight's Angle. All right, I'm really, really torqued off about this. So, I'm going to just get going. No wonder people despise Washington. No wonder Trump called it the swamp. When people run for Congress, right? They promise they're going to do their best to serve their districts. Implicit is that barring some terrible health emergency that they'll actually serve out their terms.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. KEN BUCK (R-CO): So, it begins a new phase, certainly in my life, and I'm anxious to represent Colorado in a real meaningful way.REP. MIKE GALLAGHER (R-WI): Thank you to the phenomenal, talented people of Northeast Wisconsin for sending me back to Congress for another two years to fight for them.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, well, well, on March 22nd, the sandbox in DC is so messy that two boys are picking up their marbles and going home. Just last week, Congressman Ken Buck who hates the populace, hates the MAGA GOP announced he would retire early.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Is it that bad that you're saying, I'm done.BUCK: It is the worst year of the nine years and three months that I've been in Congress. Instead of having decorum, instead of operating in a professional manner, this place has just evolved into this bickering and nonsense and not really doing the job for the American people.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Whoa, whoa. Wait a second. His idea of doing the job for the American people is to quit. I guess the other years when Nancy Pelosi was speaker, those were better years than this last year, that tells you everything you need to know.Now as he headed out the door today, his parting gift to the GOP was signing the Democrats discharge petition that would advance the massive $95 billion foreign aid package that included 60 billion for Ukraine, but none for our own border. He also signed the alternative petition.Now there was a lot that bugged Buck, but he was enraged at the House impeachment of Alejandro Mayorkas because he said there was insufficient evidence of wrongdoing. OK, now, I get the constitutional concerns about impeaching, impeaching, impeaching, I get it. But his resignation midterm is simply selfish and petty, it doesn't honor the Constitution.In the end, the so-called conservative decided to give leverage to Biden and the Democrats by narrowing at least temporarily the GOP majority. Now ditto for Mike Gallagher of Northeast Wisconsin. Now all of you know how much I have stood with him on his efforts to rein in China, especially on TikTok, a lot of conservative disagree with me, but Gallagher is right. He's appeared on the Angle many, many times.And by the way, we invited both Buck and Gallagher on the Angle tonight. I'm sure they're flying; a lot of guys are flying tonight. I get it. But to answer this simple question. They all should. Is your sudden midterm retirement time to help Democrats and hurt the Republicans and Trump.But look, it's a reasonable assumption to believe the answer to that question for both men is yes, this is politically timed to hurt the Republicans, hurt Trump, and help the Democrats. Now the timing of Gallagher's resignation is especially telling. Now he announced that he was resigning today. But this is a big but, his resignation would not be effective until April 19th.OK, when asked why he was leaving early, his team told us, he made the decision for personal and family reasons. OK. Well, Mike Gallagher made an affirmative decision to give Democrats more power since the GOP majority will now be down to one. So, what if someone has a delayed flight? Get sick? There is zero room for error. And this is key had Gallagher walked out today, Wisconsin would have been able to have a special emergency election to fill his seat.But now, because he's putting it off till April 19th, it remains vacant until next year. Again, this pains me to say this. Thanks, Mike. Hope future Speaker Hakeem Jeffries sent you a nice fruit basket today.Now, how else are people supposed to interpret this move except a spiteful and maybe some kind of revenge play. Really, and they think Trump is the problem. At least he stays in the arena despite what they're doing to him. With Trump as the party's presumptive nominee, Gallagher and I didn't even know this until today would not even commit to attending the Republican National Convention that is happening in his home state. It's going to bring a huge amount of money to state this summer.He claimed there is a lot of things he needs to do. Give me a break. Yes, since he quit, I guess he's free now. Pulling a John Kasich who also skipped the RNC in Cleveland, in 2016. His home state that was pathetic.Now, I've been in Washington, and this is depressing to report but 30 years, I have never witnessed what I'm witnessing now, a party with a narrow majority in the House of Representatives, everything on the line in the country, but committing a slow suicide, the party. This is why conservatives called the GOP, the stupid party, by the way. Remember the big push last year by Matt Gaetz to outs Kevin McCarthy. Now I pushed him on what that would actually accomplish.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MATT GAETZ (R-FL): This is about the job. This is about keeping our commitment to have single subject spending bills and an actual budget for the first time.INGRAHAM: How do you get there -- Congressman, the fact of the matter is, you all don't have the votes to get you closer.GAETZ: I categorically reject that we don't have the votes for the budget.INGRAHAM: Hold on a second.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, of course, it turns out, sorry, I was right. He was wrong. The new Speaker Mike Johnson just signed on to a $1.2 trillion spending bill that essentially gives Joe Biden everything he needs. Some of the worst of the worst, 2.5 million for two hospitals that perform late term abortions, 880 million for enhanced border security in the Middle East. Forget our borders. 1.1 million for climate resilience and equity in Boston. 1.6 million for EV buses on Cape Cod. 4 million for an economic justice lab in Connecticut. Oh, here's a big one, 15 million for college tuition for Egyptians. And of course, the millions being spent on centers that provide so-called gender affirming care, including for minors.The fact is, as I've tried to tell Matt Gaetz, there just aren't enough serious Republicans in Congress now who really want to cut spending. Instead, they want to flex their muscles and exercise real power they think which is spending and let's not forget Republican self-sabotage was also on full display when they helped push George Santos out, obvious ethical issues there.But many of us think what's happening with spending is unethical as well. Ousting Santos gave the Democrats another seat. By summer, I think there's a distinct possibility that Democrats will have the House majority. The press, the liberals, they're salivating. This is like taking candy from a baby.Before Gallagher's announcement, our own Chad Pergram wrote, there will be 432 members, 218 Republicans to 214 Democrats, the margin is four seats, but the GOP cannot lose two votes and still pass a bill without help from across the aisle. Again, tie votes come into play, Republicans will be down to only a solitary vote to spare. In other words, now, they don't have any votes to spare. And there are still a few other Republicans who may also hit the exits before summer.Tonight, my friends, I'm going to tell you, this is disgraceful. It's infuriating. Each and every one of you deserves better from the people you send to Congress. They're supposed to put your needs first instead of their own egos or convenience. But let's look at the bright side, it's Friday for Republicans.Soon there's going to be no need to worry about motions to vacate the Speaker's chair, because they won't have a chair to vacate. And that's the Angle.Joining me now, Newt Gingrich, former Speaker of the House, Fox News Contributor. Newt, if you were still speaker, what would you say in response to the people hitting the exits?NEWT GINGRICH, FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: Well, I think first of all, you'd have to have a totally different approach. We shouldn't underestimate how bad what Matt Gaetz did was for the whole system, he unleashed the demons. He went after somebody who had raised $480 million, had gained seats for three elections in a row. And he drove Kevin McCarthy out of office. And from that point on, it has been a disaster.I don't blame Johnson. I think Johnson has a -- Speaker Johnson has a hand that's virtually impossible to play. And that's where I think some of the people just make it worse. This is the best argument I've seen for why we need not only to elect Donald Trump, but to elect a very large majority with him.When I was speaker, I had a lot more ability than Johnson did to run the House, because I had a big enough majority. You could have five or 10 people who were crazy and you can still govern he doesn't have a one vote majority. The fact is there are eight or 10 or 12 people --INGRAHAM: Right.GINGRICH: -- who are going to get up every morning voting no. The truth is, they don't even know what they're voting on. All they know when they wake up in the morning is, I'm going to be a no today.So, he really has no majority at all. You have to decide sooner or later you're going to realize the bills have been worse since McCarthy was gone. The Democrats are in greater control. The hardliners on the right have done nothing except make it worse. Now the freedom caucus right now has been a disaster in public policy terms.If you think your job in life is to grandstand and complain while the other team runs over you, they're doing a great job.INGRAHAM: I mean, Hakeem Jeffries --(CROSSTALK)INGRAHAM: Yeah. Newt, Hakeem Jeffries could very well be Speaker of the House in the summer. That's where we are. This is what this accomplished. And again, if people keep just heading for the exits, leaving early because they're mad or inconvenient, or they hate Trump, or they're ticked off, what do they accomplish except maybe helping themselves? What have they done to serve their constituents?Again, absent a health emergency or some major, you know, major, major life crisis. But this is ridiculous.GINGRICH: Well, it's ridiculous. It's also historically a disaster for the country. I think that's important to remember that. If even though Johnson has a narrow majority, it's a majority big enough to keep the Republicans in charge of the judiciary committee, in charge of the oversight committee, in charge of all these different efforts to investigate and to do things. And if Hakeem Jeffries becomes Speaker, all that ends overnight.And I'll just tell you, I'm equally disappointed in the people who are leaving and in the people who are destructive and have no positive solutions. And I have no greater respect for them. You know, stay so you can have a temper tantrum is not particularly more helpful than going home.INGRAHAM: Yeah. Newt, always great to see you. Thank you so much. All right. Radical New York A.G. Tish James itching to start seizing Trump's properties. But the roadrunner may get away again. Kevin O'Leary is here to respond, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Trump haters everywhere have been salivating at the prospect of Donald Trump having his prized real estate seized by New York authorities. Now, we all know that that vicious Letitia James, the so-called attorney general of the Empire State, has made it her life's mission to destroy Trump, not just politically, but financially.But tonight, it may be the case that once again, Wile E. Coyote doesn't get the roadrunner. The former president is about to boost his net worth by billions. Truth Social just got the green light to go public, and that could add over three billion dollars to Trump's net worth.Now, Trump still needs to get a waiver from his board of trustees in order to access that money within the next six months. And we'll see where that goes. But there's an indication tonight that that will be granted.Joining me now, Kevin O'Leary, chairman of O'Leary Ventures. Kevin, how is this looking?KEVIN O'LEARY, O'LEARY VENTURES CHAIRMAN: It's interesting. Usually on an IPO, founders like Trump have a six-month waiting period before there's liquidity. But once you're a public company, you have a mark to market price on stock, you can often go to money center banks and borrow against it. Maybe 30 percent of the trading value 20 percent. But that would be enough to offset the 540 million.But I don't think this case has anything to do with Donald Trump anymore. And I really don't. I think every American and every financial services person and every -- where the -- you know, financial services is the 10th sector of the S&P. Everybody is very disturbed what was happening here. It's not -- the trial's over. Forget about Trump.If you watch what's happening here, is this good for the American brand? I mean, I'm sure this A.G. is giddy with excitement. And I don't take anything away from her at all. But the collateral damage to the American brand is horrific. If you go across the world and say, what's the number one economy on Earth you want to invest in? It's the United States of America.That's why it is the number one economy on Earth. Transparency. Property rights are mentioned 37 times in the Constitution. Due process. Very important. Why steal someone's asset in 27 days? Why not give them more time to come up with the cash? Forget about Donald Trump. Who would want this to happen to them?INGRAHAM: Yeah, this is about the powers that be showing the rest of the world that we got this. This disruptor is not going to get far. He's not going to transform Washington. He's not going to reveal all the dirty secrets of the swamp. He's not going to overturn every rock. We got this.If Donald Trump or Mitt Romney, they'd still criticize him. They wouldn't do this. It's a different deal with Trump.O'LEARY: Nothing to do with Donald Trump. Nothing to do with Donald Trump.INGRAHAM: I disagree.O'LEARY: This is the essence of what makes the American brand the number one economy on Earth. You want to bring $3 billion to build a data center in America, which I'm going to go and raise next week all around the world. The number one question I have when I go to these countries to try and raise this capitalist, what the hell is going on in New York? It's -- and I tell them it's not America. It's just an anomaly.I swear to you, everybody, this is not America. Don't worry. Adults will enter the room soon. It's like a dress up party in court. It was a crazy night out with the parents. Poopoo happened. But someone will come in and fix this. This is not America. I swear to you, this is not America.And every American should be saying what I'm saying. This is just New York for now. Now, when I put money into New York, never until this crazy madness ends. And I'm not the only person saying that. But this is not America. It's not America.This is Venezuela. This is Cuba. This is Russia. And it's not about Donald Trump. Forget Donald Trump. Nothing to do with Donald Trump. Well, it doesn't matter. It's not Donald Trump.INGRAHAM: Well, Kevin, the reverberations are not about Trump. I completely agree with you. It's terrible for the American brand. But the instinct to go after him was solely because it was Trump. 4That's what my point. It's not the reverberations is going to destroy people's faith in the system. Absolutely.They don't care about the system. They want to burn down the system, Kevin. You think Letitia James cares about your deals? They want to burn it down. They think the system is racist and corrupt and they want to burn it down.O'LEARY: I don't know who she is, but all I could say was, who's next? I mean, if she doesn't like Trump, who's next? And that's the biggest problem she's got. She'll be gone in a few years. Donald Trump won't be president five years from now. But this is case law that is tainting the American brand. And you should care about that.INGRAHAM: You bet.O'LEARY: You should care about that.INGRAHAM: Kevin, patriotic capitalist. Thank you. Great to see you. All right. You won't believe who the left, whom the left is blaming for the invasion we saw at the border yesterday. I'll explain it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(INAUDIBLE)(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It's been more than 24 hours. We still don't have any explanation from the administration on why that happened, other than the fact that we know open borders is the policy, as evidenced from that footage by The New York Post.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: I mean, look, I have not spoken to the president about that video, but congressional Republicans need to move on this. What they're doing instead, and this is the bipartisan agreement, obviously, is listening to the former president, President Trump, tell them not to get involved in moving forward with this bipartisan agreement because of his own personal politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Stephen Miller, former Trump senior advisor. Stephen, we're told those illegals are being processed under Title 8. What does that actually mean?STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER TRUMP WHITE HOUSE ADVISER: When the administration says process under Title 8, that is their bureaucratic euphemism for released into the United States with a future court date or paroled. So, for example, if you look at the last month, which set a record, all-time record for February, over 100,000 illegal aliens under Title 8 were paroled into the United States.That means not only were they processed for entry, but they were given deportation immunity and the ability to apply for work permits. That is the program, by the way, through which the alleged murderer of Laken Riley entered the country. So, when they say Title 8 processing, they mean escort them into the country.INGRAHAM: Well, they're essentially blaming Republicans for this and President Trump. That's what they're doing. So, they're gaslighting the border issue, saying if you only agreed to this ridiculously bogus bill, Lankford-Schumer bill, that everything would be well.But in fact, they'd be waving in what? Almost two million people minimum a year under that bill.MILLER: Correct. Yes, that bill would establish a minimum baseline of two million illegal aliens permanently got Title 42 statutorily span catch and release, create all new rights for illegal aliens to apply for entry into the country.Laura, here's a very simple point that shows just how much Democrats are committed to open borders. There is one word that you will never hear. Joe Biden use, his press staff use, Senator Chris Murphy use, Chuck Schumer use, Nancy Pelosi use, the Kim Jeffries, is one where you'll never hear them use, deportation. That word will never leave their mouths. Always processing, streamline, orderly. They will never say it because their policy is get them into the country as fast as you can.INGRAHAM: Well, D.C. is already, you know, they're able to vote in municipal elections in the District of Columbia and pushing it. And, you know, that's how it's always going to start. Oh, they can vote this way and then they're off to the races.Stephen, Morning Joe had a thought about how Democrats should handle this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: If I were a Democrat running for office, I would do this. I would be carrying this around all day. Look at what the Republicans are doing to you. Look what Donald Trump is doing to you. Donald Trump said, kill the bill and blame me for everything that happens after this point. Donald Trump said, blame me. So, yes, Donald, we are blaming you.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Play that and get Mo and they'll give you all the information that you want. Wow. Really quick.MILLER: These people, Laura, are open borders, psychos. Joe Biden came into office, dismantled every single deportation policy President Trump had in place that sealed the border up. And they instituted by choice, design, and premeditation nationwide, catch and release. Catch the alien, release them or settle them on the taxpayer dime. That is the Joe Biden Democrat policy. They are pro-invasion, period. End of story.INGRAHAM: They know that. They just think the invaders are never going to come for them and their compounds. Stephen, thank you.All right. Next, a group of squatters turn a Beverly Hills mansion into a party palace. That realtor trying to stop them is here, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Squatters have gone upscale, no longer just occupying rundown houses and bank foreclosure. In L.A.'s Beverly Crest neighborhood, home to celebrities and other high flyers. Squatters are moving into multimillion dollar mansions. And then to add insult to injury, they're throwing all night raves.Joining me now, John Woodward, a listing agent working to sell in the Beverly Hills mansion taken over by party squatters. John, how did you first find out these squatters were there?JOHN A. WOODWARD IV, LISTING AGENT DEALING WITH SQUATTERS: Well, I got the listing from the state of California, and the pool man called me and said, do you still need me? And I said, yeah, of course I need you. And he said, well, people are moving in. So, I said, wait a minute. So, I came up, people were moving in. I called the police. The police show up and these squatters produce a fake lease.And the police go, hey, this is civil matter. And they've been in ever since. I talked to the D.A. The D.A. told me the squatters have rights, and they haven't been thrown out yet.INGRAHAM: So, wait a second, John, you're in court now, right? Is this just limping along in court?WOODWARD: I was in criminal court. That's a whole another story. The doctor defrauded Medicare for $150 million. And the biggest --INGRAHAM: Who used to own the mansion. Yeah, but let's go to the squatters. So there -- but you're trying to legally remove them. People watching across the country have to understand that you can't just get the police to evict them. This is a process. It goes back to, you know, British common law. But this is a process to get them removed and very costly, ultimately.WOODWARD: Right. The state of California is handling that. The D.A. is supposed to be on top of that. And so far, there's been really no action to remove them.WOODWARD: Well, John, the neighbors are going crazy. I saw some of them on online and on various media reports. I know that neighborhood pretty well. And it is a quiet, very quiet neighborhood. People spend a lot of money on those homes.A lot of -- and a lot of people who voted Democrat in there. I mean, they should be pretty, pretty upset. Their elected officials aren't really doing much.WOODWARD: Yeah, the neighbors are fit to be tied. You know, LeBron James built a house across the street. I'm sure these squatters moved across the street into his new house, this would be taken care of in six hours. But anyway, nothing's been done so far. And the neighbors are the ones that are suffering the greatest up there. I mean --INGRAHAM: How much damage have they done? John, really quickly, we're going to go. But how much damage have they done?WOODWARD: I haven't been in the house. I haven't been in the house. I've got nine offers on the property right now. I haven't been in the house in months, so I don't know what they've done. But anyway, there's no movement on it.INGRAHAM: John, we wish you the best. I know this has been very difficult. People are dealing with this and it's going to get worse before it gets better.That's it for us tonight. Remember, it's America now and forever. Everybody have a great weekend with your family. Jesse Watters is next.