SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: That's all the time we have left this evening. As always thank you for watching. And please set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever, miss an episode of "HANNITY." In the meantime, good news. Let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night. Thanks for being with us.(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS HOST: Yes. Yes. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. Happy Thursday, everybody. All right. All right. All right. All right. Now you must remember when Donald Trump claimed his campaign was being spied on and the mainstream media called him crazy. Well, much like most things today, Trump ends up calling it correctly. He's like a white version of Miss Cleo. Don't remember, huh? Rip.Now new report from Michael Shellenberger, Matt Taibbi and Alex Gutentag at Public backs up Trump's assertion. They say the U.S. intelligence community quote, "illegally mobilized foreign intelligence agencies to target Trump advisors long before the summer of 2016." Yes, this was before the election. The government and foreign powers actually spied on Trump along with others in his campaign in order to keep him from running and you from voting, making them lower than Joe Biden's scrotum on a hot day.Allegedly, the U.S. as the other members of the Five Eyes, love their burgers. These are intel agencies from the U.S., Britain, Canada, Australia, New Zealand to spy on Trump. And in other words, that global criminal enterprise known as the Democrats first decided Russian collusion was true, then had their comrades look for evidence. If true, our spies illegally surveilled United States citizens for political reasons. But why you ask? Well, Trump was the first real anti-establishment candidate to have a chance at becoming president and the establishment wouldn't have it. So they committed to taking him out.And when he rightly suspected it, he and his supporters were mocked mercilessly. Accused of anything and everything. And then as a deflection they use the P tape which never existed. Yet the media lapped it up like Joe over a fresh bowl of cream brands. Now, according to this new report, intel related to this alleged surveillance of the Trump campaign is in a 10 inch binder that Trump ordered declassified at the end of his term. All right, he says 10 inches, but it's probably more like six inches.But apparently the whereabouts of the binder are unknown. So where could it be? Maybe it's in the garage with Joe's Corvette next to the hooker that Hunter dismembered. Maybe it's under a pile of coke in the West Wing, or somewhere no one would ever look; under Jerry Nadler's extra lap skin. And so they can hate Trump all they want, but he's protected by the same laws as everybody else. The United States Constitution doesn't close out with, this is all true, unless we don't like you. If you wanted proof of a deep state, the deep state just served it up.And you might want to reexamine your own hate for Trump, because likely it's also based on a hoax served directly to you by the same (BEEP). And again, Trump called it while others played dumb, or maybe they aren't playing. Here's a golden oldie from our favorite Lemon.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DON LEMON: Maybe the biggest lie of all, repeatedly, and with no facts to back him up making the outrageous claim that the so called Deep State spied on his campaign. He did it again today.DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: But I hope it's not true, but it looks like it is.LEMON: It's not true. Let's go, it's a lie.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Wow, that guy's really good. What time is this show on? Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. He's currently wiping down the sneeze guard at a Yonkers sizzler. Love that -- I miss him. Anything more to add, Don? Is this not just an angry President popping off?(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LEMON: This is not just an angry President popping off. This is a deliberate and coordinated effort to save his presidency, to cast doubt on the Russia investigation by repeating a lie. And that repetition is a key part of the strategy here. Because if you hear him say the same thing over and over and over, it gets into your head. You may even start to wonder if there's some truth to it.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Mm. Well, that aged as well as Nancy Pelosi's stem cells. And it wasn't just the media denying it. Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said the same thing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAKE TAPPER, CNN HOST: Did the intelligence community spy on President Trump and his campaign?JAMES CLAPPER, FORMER DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE: No, we did not.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: How was this hairless tree sloth not in jail? We've imprisoned protesters for taking selfies at the Capitol while this guy lied under oath and also tried to subvert an election. Obama was asked about the spying allegations too.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARACK OBAMA, 44th U.S. PRESIDENT: The allegations are so absurd that even Republican controlled committees looking into it, have dismissed them and Attorney General Barr has dismissed them. You do not allow the politicization of the criminal justice system, the intelligence system, the military, right. That -- that -- that is stuff that you keep out of politics.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Oh, really? I would say that Obama should be eating crow, but we know he prefers dog. Do I have to explain to you that he once ate a dog? I'm going to my grave making sure everybody knows that Obama ate a dog. It's in his book. So where's the media and Dems on this story now? Have they learned their lesson? Sorry, if they were capable of learning from their mistakes, they wouldn't be Democrats. But it also must kill them that three reporters Shellenberger, Taibbi and Gutentag did all the work that they refuse to do. And these reporters don't work for legacy media, perhaps because they're just too honest and too good. They make everyone else look like the hacks that they are.Now I'm sure if Trump wins again, those in power will find another conspiracy to explain it or prevent it. They'll go after the voters like they always do. They're already hunting Trump and his supporters like their egg rolls under the seat cushions at The View. And if Biden in this sputtering desiccated mess somehow wins, sorry, you have little reason to believe it's legit. Because in America, you're innocent until proven guilty. But that's for you, not the government because the government holds the power to deceive, spy and ruin you and also cover it up with a corrupt fake news media.So really, it's up to them to prove that they aren't guilty. After all, they could spy on a president and then lie about it, imagine what they could do to you.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Period!GUTFELD: Let's welcome tonight's guests. When this shark bites, you'll need last rites Shark Tank star Kevin O'Leary. As a former Miss Florida Citrus, she never has to worry about scurvy. Host of The Morgan Ortagus show on SiriusXM, Morgan Ortagus. If he gave a eulogy, even the corpse would walk out. Actor, comedian and writer Jamie Lissow. And she's the first author to weigh less than her book. New York Times bestselling author and Fox News contributor, Kat Timpf. Kevin, how you doing?KEVIN O'LEARY, ENTREPRENEUR: Great.GUTFELD: It's always good to see you.O'LEARY: I'm happy to be here.GUTFELD: I'm happy that you're here. You're welcome. That's good.O'LEARY: That's so wonderful,GUTFELD: That's good. You should be. Now let me ask you this, you know, coming from Canada, and you see how the media pushed this story and now that the story is no longer there, they don't bother to go and correct it. Are they as bad or worse than the media in Canada?O'LEARY: But we're not allowed any media in Canada anymore. You're aware of that?GUTFELD: Yes.O'LEARY: Yeah. Justin Trudeau said no more media. So Canadians just walk around in bliss all day long. I'm not kidding. It's getting pretty crazy up there.GUTFELD: Yeah. But they target citizens. They tries to freeze -- freeze bank accounts. But over here, they pretty much tried to take a president off the ballot.O'LEARY: Yeah, this story is pretty interesting. Obviously, there's so much media attention. I want to make a note of something today that really blew my mind. I was looking at advertising data from last week. That includes unpaid media. So you look at entities that somehow scored stories and unpaid media on all channels. Trump got 80 percent of the unpaid media. Nobody else got any other time. That guy is sucking dry his competitors from getting new media.He's not paying for that media. So if you're Nikki Haley, or Biden, you're saying, wait a minute, where's the fair time rule? Everything's Trump all day long. Whether you hate him, you love him. That's pretty good marketing.GUTFELD: Yeah, it's his world. We're just living in it. Which is exactly what happened in 2016. Everybody gave him time and then he won. I don't know how it's going to go Morgan, but I know if he loses, it's going to be rigged. I'm just kidding. You know, Morgan, what do you -- it's kind of bizarre how everything that Trump says is going to happen or has had, it always turns out that he's at least directionally true.MORGAN ORTAGUS, "THE MORGAN ORTAGUS SHOW": Yeah. And when he first says that you think, well, that can't be true. That sounds crazy. And then it turns out to be true. I mean listen Durham -- John Durham, the Special Counsel did a four year investigation in which he basically said-- concluded, yeah, this really was a hoax. This was unfounded. The problem is, where's the accountability in any of this? I don't recall really anybody, you know, getting fired from the FBI or the CIA or held accountable instead, they all get cable news contracts.And as somebody who went into the intelligence community after 911, because I wanted to serve my country after that happened, it has been so frustrating to see the intelligence community turned into something that's attacking our political process. If you want to talk about attacking democracy, this is attacking democracy and you're politicizing a community that is supposed to be there to protect the homeland.GUTFELD: That's right. You know, Jamie, I didn't write this question.JAMIE LISSOW, ACTOR/WRITER/COMEDIAN: OK.GUTFELD: Does the CIA spying on Trump reminds you of when you would spy on your wife and kids while they were enjoying their very happy new life without you?LISSOW: Wow. Yeah, I remember -- I remember once my ex-wife was like, hey, quit spying every through the window. And I was like, hey, you told me to clean the gutters, and then you locked it. I think there should be repercussions. I think someone from the CIA, I think they should get fired. I think if you get fired from the CIA, and you're surprised by it, you totally deserve it.GUTFELD: It's true.LISSOW: Do you know what I mean. Trump is he's kind of always right. And is it -- I wish someone would go; I was wrong. Or there should be -- I was impressed by Trump in all of this especially when you go back like his clips really do age well, and I was also impressed that they were spying on 26 Associates. I was like, that's a popular guy man. I don't -- 20s -- I only have one associate's degree and think about all this stuff we didn't cover. Like Hunters' laptop being deemed Russian misinformation. I mean, we can learn so much. We have -- one of my favorite stories we never found out about cocaine in the White House.GUTFELD: Yeah.LISSOW: I think about it -- but I think about it every day. Where -- I go, where did it go? And people go, oh, come on. It was Hunter's and I go I don't think it was. I think Hunter it wasn't his because there was some left.GUTFELD: Yes.LISSOW: Do you know what I mean.GUTFELD: It is true.LISSOW: Like if you're doing cocaine the correct dosage is the rest of it.GUTFELD: Yes.LISSOW: And like you're never doing cocaine and somebody goes like, oh, my god, we got way too much. You guys have pairs of Tupperware or something. Our eyes are bigger than our noses.GUTFELD: Yes. No one ever says I have leftover coke lying around --LISSOW: Never. You never.GUTFELD: Oh, yeah, come on over. There's some coke over there.LISSOW: Hell, you take it to work. If you leave it here, we're just going to do it all.GUTFELD: Would like to take some cocaine home? Cocaine.LISSOW: Yeah. Way too much.GUTFELD: Kat, has anyone ever spied on you before if so, you could probably relate to the dawn? I remember one moment in which you were spied upon. Do you remember that?KAT TIMPF, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Wait, no. What?GUTFELD: The guy with the drone.TIMPF: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that was -- yes. It's been happening to everybody.GUTFELD: -- Great story.TIMPF: Yes. Well, yeah, there was like a drone outside my window when I got out of the shower.GUTFELD: There was a guy from downstairs outside the -- drone outside of her window.TIMPF: Yeah. And it was like it and I put something on and I was like, oh, it's too late for that. But you know and --GUTFELD: And they let off Ducey with a slap on the wrist.LISSOW: Did they catch the guy? Police were looking for a guy with great timing.TIMPF: Right. Yeah, no, look, it's whatever.GUTFELD: All right, I'm sorry. I brought it up. Anyway.TIMPF: Yeah, it's so painful. No, it's OK. Oh, you were all being spied on probably in like some sense, right. I mean, I don't understand how many times we hear these -- these kinds of stories and people still kind of take the CIA at face value. And they're like, we would never because they often do. I even looked at a lot of that -- I went back and looked at a lot of the media back when Trump was saying this and was so much more than -- than Dawn -- maybe the Washington Post really mad at -- at this place.GUTFELD: Yeah.TIMPF: And saying things like, well, spying is in the eye of the beholder. And it's all these and if they did, actually kind of the reverse, which you're, you know, you're supposed to be curious as a member of the media and just been like, OK, we wanted to just come out and say this didn't happen. It really, I mean, this is explosive that what's coming out now but is it or did it really just mostly require somebody giving enough (BEEP) to check.GUTFELD: Exactly.TIMPF: I feel like nobody does anymore.GUTFELD: Nobody gives a crap. Nobody gives a crap. You know the worst defense of the spying that still drives me crazy, if you're doing -- if you're doing -- there's nothing --TIMPF: You used to do see all the time.GUTFELD: I know, I changed my mind.TIMPF: OK.GUTFELD: If you do nothing wrong, why should you be worrying -- worried about spying? Then I realized there are a lot of things I do that technically aren't wrong. But if you ever saw me do it, you would feel really gross. Because I do, and yet I can't stop. All right. Up next; why Disney couldn't keep quiet after that Capitol riots.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: Did the sham insurrection turn Disney in a woke direction? How Disney lost dough thanks to a woke CEO. In a newly released video from January 2021. Then Disney chair Bob Iger insinuated how the January 6 riot spurred Disney into taking a stand politically. Journalist Chris Rufo obtained the clip from an anonymous whistleblower who said the Zoom call was advertised as a company response to Jan 6. Roll it, Doris.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BOB IGER, CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: We've tended to shy away from politics. And in doing so I think we've shied away from talking about issues that aren't political at all, like the issues that we're talking about today. Because we believe in doing so maybe it looked like -- it looks like we're taking a stand. Well, in that reality we should be taking a stand. Just commenting about what happened in Washington last week.That's not political on our part at all. We know that what we saw was fundamentally wrong and that it was rooted in hatred and disrespect and contempt and intolerance, and we should feel free as a company to comment about that, without retribution.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: There you have it straight from Iger himself stating a truth as cold and hard as Walt's frozen body. Disney was going to start taking a stand because of Jan 6. But taking a stand meant taking their woke DEI driven agenda public. Suddenly everything became an opportunity for activism as opposed for fun and entertainment. Mary Poppins became Larry Poppins. Toy Story is now sex toy story. Darth Vader apologized for pretending to be black. And all seven dwarfs joined the women's swim team.Now I'm sure this virtue signaling made guilty white executives feel good about themselves, but it made traditional customers feel as welcome as Tinkerbell with a bulge. And as predicted, the company's stock price plummeted as they churned out flop after flop. If it weren't for the $80 Mickey Mouse t-shirts and their gift shops and charging nine bucks for a bottle of water at Disney World, they would have gone bust. Disney lost millions, laid off thousands while feuding with Ron DeSantis.That's what Bob Iger said about Disney wading into politics. Jan 6 wasn't likely the cause. It was more likely the excuse to wave through more DEI, ESG and support for BLM. No wonder their profits were MIA. Sadly, it seems like the woke films keep coming. Check out this clip from one of their upcoming films.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICKEY MOUSE: Sweetheart, I'm non-binary now. Goofy, what are you doing here?GOOFY: Well, I want to be gender fluid to plus I've got free tickets for polyamorous sex with indigenous DEI lesbians at the trans convention downtown. Let's all go together.MICKEY MOUSE: Only if you promise to attend my rally for disabled by (indiscernible) and Antifa allies.GOOFY: It's a deal, comrades.(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: I'll go to you first, Kevin, because I have no idea what your politics are. I don't know where you stand. I know that, look, you're a normal person that you can't stand Justin Trudeau. But I honestly, is this a wise calculation on your part that nobody really knows?O'LEARY: It's very wise. And I'll tell you why. Why should I piss off half the people all the time? That's the way I look at it. Now, speaking of Disney, let me tell you how much I love Disney. They own ABC. That's where Shark Tank lives. I love everybody.GUTFELD: Yeah, see, there you go. Very well played.O'LEARY: Thank you very much.GUTFELD: Very well played.O'LEARY: Thank you very much. But any CEO that gets out there and takes on a position doesn't matter who you are, like or anybody else. It's not what you think it's what your shareholders, employees, consumers, it's what they think just ask Bud Light. How did that workout for them?GUTFELD: Yeah, Jamie, I didn't write this question.LISSOW: OK.GUTFELD: Do your kids enjoy woke Disney movies that they see with your ex- wife's new hot boyfriend?ORTAGUS: So mean.LISSOW: I don't know. It looks like they're having a good time through the window. But man, Kevin's right. I pissed off half the people in my marriage. But I think Disney should stay out of politics like this is super for -- I think Walt would be turning over in his chest freezer if he saw what was going -- did you see the one thing -- this alone made me think to myself, I'm not going to Disneyland that and it's too expensive. And I don't want to.And you see that one, there's another clip where it shows someone that you're hired, where they said like, like this woman said she was putting like, anywhere she could put in something like a gay thing or whatever. She would just put it in a movie. Like she was like, oh, if I could have two guys. That's not what movies are. Like you're supposed to be watching movie to enjoy it and I have like -- it's like little kids like Is this the time to -- to indoctrinate like I just want to watch like a movie with my kids.I don't want him to explain but you know, it's this isn't the time to explain, they're five and six years old about like the birds and the bees and the bees and the bees and then the bee that's saving up to have his stinger removed.GUTFELD: I didn't know where he was going to go with that, Kat, but, but he landed it. He landed that plane. You know it is, he makes a good point though that it was -- they forgot their customers they created a competing mission statement That was so I'm how consisting of -- of activists on social media as opposed to the people that actually go to their movies.TIMPF: No, I think he actually didn't go far enough.GUTFELD: Yeah?TIMPF: Yeah. They -- they should have been more concerned about diversity the whole time. I think the fact that they weren't concerned about it sooner is why January 6 happened.GUTFELD: Yes.TIMPF: Disney is the response -- blood is on your hands. They are responsible for January 6.GUTFELD: Yes, they are.TIMPF: Because if the movies were better than people wouldn't have to have done January 6. If the amusement park were more affordable, then they wouldn't have gone to the Capitol.GUTFELD: This is some sound logic.TIMPF: It makes just as much sense as what he said.GUTFELD No, it's true. It's true because --TIMPF: Why can't the kids movies just be movies for kids?GUTFELD: Exactly.TIMPF: It makes -- what I said makes just as much sense as whatever he said.GUTFELD: I agree.TIMPF: Which is to say none at all.GUTFELD: Yes. Morgan, you look like a Disney princess.ORTAGUS: Yes. Oh, my god, that's the best compliment ever. Thank you.GUTFELD: Yes. And I did mean it. I sang at Disney World -- I sang a Disney. I grew up near Disney and I used to sing there and -- and this is hard for me because--GUTFELD: Did you sing at Disney?ORTAGUS: I did. Yes.GUTFELD: Really?ORTAGUS: I did.GUTFELD: Where?ORTAGUS: At Epcot and for their Christmas whatever, the candlelight vigil every year. But you know, I have a three year old and the just like from the perspective of little kids. I can't think -- I was just sitting here trying to think of any Disney like movie or show that she's been into. And she's not into any of them. It's like not we have I had the Disney Channel, the little app. She doesn't watch any of it. She's not into it. So first of all, like just from a business and marketing perspective, they're clearly not reaching their audience because here I am like hello, Disney Princess, as you said, and my three year old and none of us are watching Disney. GUTFELD: Yeah.ORTAGUS: And it's not even political. Their stuff just sucks.GUTFELD: Yeah. What do you watch instead? You watch "Real Housewives" or?ORTAGUS: You know me.GUTFELD: "The First 48"?ORTAGUS: I'm a dork. I watch historical dramas.GUTFELD: You know if your three -- three year old kid wants something fun to watch, it's educational, "Forensic Files."ORTAGUS: She likes -- she likes the show -- she likes the shows about like the dogs and Peppa Pig and stuff like that.GUTFELD: Yeah. All right. Well, I'm sure PETA won't be happy. All right. Up next; a race faker earns scorn doing Internet porn.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Thank you. The white lady who faked it gets fired for being naked. The artist formerly known as Rachel Dolezal is back with a new controversy. You remember Rachel. She was the white lady who got busted in 2015 for pretending to be black.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: Rachel Dolezal runs the Spokane chapter of the NAACP. She wanted to serve on a local commission and she had to fill out a form like we all do. She checked out African American -- haven't we done that? -- as her race. But a quick check of her birth certificate, something our president doesn't have, she's white. Both her biological parents are white.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you African American?RACHEL DOLEZAL: I don't understand the question.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are your parents, are they white?(END VIDEO CLIP)GUTFELD: She was darkening her skin, perming her hair, and even working as the president of the Spokane chapter of the NAACP. I love their basketball tournament. Dolezal was also accused of faking racist harassment against herself, although if she did it, technically that is white on black crime. But the ruse unraveled, and like Jamie's ex-wife, we all moved on.Today, Rachel goes by Nkechi Diallo. It's an African name meaning "crazy white lady."(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: But she's in hot water again. She got fired from an Arizona elementary school teaching job after her OnlyFans content was discovered. Apparently one whistleblower got vomit in his whistle. I'm assuming a lot of people watching at home don't know what OnlyFans is or how it works. So here's a primer. A person takes explicit photos of themselves and posts them online. Other people subscribe to their content and that person makes money. And then someone at work who doesn't like you finds out, and you lose everything.Stupidly, Rachel had her OnlyFans linked to her public social media profile, which the school district says violated their social media and ethics policy. But who knows, maybe they're just not into white chicks. And so there goes another job for Rachel and her bizarre career choices, proving that, again, that once you go black, you can never go back.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Jamie, you actually started an account with OnlyFan because you continue only find one.LISSOW: Not to correct you, Greg, but it was Lonely Fans.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Well-played.LISSOW: How uncomfortable was that clip of her being asked that? Did you see, even her hair line was like, I'm out of here.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: Just trying to escape. I, for research of the show, because you know I like to do my research, I subscribed to her OnlyFans page. I was impressed. I was very impressed. Its' the first time I've ever seen someone do an interracial sex scene by themselves.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: I actually did like a sex tape once with my ex-wife. The hardest thing about it was telling her after.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: And I don't know if you guys have done this, but you feel like you're doing good, and then when I watched it back, I was like this -- I like the story, but they should recast this.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kat, the real truth is, OnlyFans is where she should be, not in a classroom. She got fired from the wrong job.TIMPF: I just don't know how it went on for so long. It went on for like five months without anybody realizing it. But also, I actually did go on her page. I didn't subscribe, but like you can see the Amazon wish list without actually subscribing of what the person wants so the subscribers can buy things for you. And this is what was on her Amazon wish list. This is not a joke. This is actually what's on her wish list. A pair of shoes, a teacup, a crossbody bag, giant $15 soaps that look like cinnamon buns, and a book that's called "A Guide to Poisonous House and Garden Plants," and that's it.GUTFELD: She's trying to kill somebody.TIMPF: That's they entire thing. "A Guide to Poisonous House and Garden Plants" is one of five things on your wish list on your porn website? I'm starting to think this woman might be crazy.GUTFELD: Yes. All of those things can be used -- they're like out of a "Columbo" episode.TIMPF: Like a teacup?GUTFELD: Have some tea, and she puts the little poison form the plant in the tea.TIMPF: The poisonous house plant in the tea.GUTFELD: And then if he falls over, he has some soap to clean it up, and it looks like Cinnabon. I should be in law enforcement.LISSOW: I'll give you my password so you can see the full list.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: The last thing on it -- alibi.GUTFELD: Morgan, probably not a good thing to run an OnlyFans site while you teach little kids?ORTAGUS: But also, if she changed her race, why couldn't she think to change her name? I'm obviously not going to go on OnlyFans, but if I did, I would come up with a different name.GUTFELD: Change it again. But then no one would go.ORTAGUS: I don't think they went on OnlyFans googling her name.GUTFELD: I think that she thought that would help. We wouldn't do this story if she changed her name. We wouldn't even have heard about it. So maybe you are right.TIMPF: We don't do a story name person on OnlyFans.(LAUGHTER)ORTAGUS: I would say, if you would like to keep your job, I would keep my OnlyFans account maybe under a different name. Hide it a little. That's all.TIMPF: No one would subscribe. Greg, I'm with you on this one.GUTFELD: Yes.ORTAGUS: Now she's out of a job. So maybe it didn't work.GUTFELD: Kevin, as a business icon, what do you make of OnlyFans? Would you encourage people to do it, monetizing their sex appeal, or will it come back to haunt them?O'LEARY: I'm going back to the fact that she got fired as a teacher. Do you know how hard it is to fire a teacher? It is virtually impossible because they have a union that for decades has protected even the crappiest teacher. So to get fired, I mean, that elevates you to a new status. It's absolutely incredible. How did she do it?GUTFELD: I don't know. I can't wait till she's on "Shark Tank."(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Hello, sharks. It's my new kit that makes you black.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I gave each one of you a sample to try.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Except for you, Damon.O'LEARY: You've got to think about social media. It giveth and it taketh away.GUTFELD: Exactly, people don't know that.O'LEARY: And in this case, mega take away.GUTFELD: Exactly.All right, coming up, his hopes were crushed by a turd that wasn't flushed.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: When brown comes to town, you need a man who won't blush at the sound of a flush. You need the Poo Detective.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: The boss wasn't keen when he flooded the latrine. Tonight, on "Poo Detective," a man claims he lost his job because he clogged the office toilet after his interview. He explained in an online post how the position was just about sealed, and he just needed to fill out some remaining paperwork. But after chugging down some coffee, he used the bathroom, which was gender neutral, by the way, and it went from they/them to P.U.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: He says he forgot to flush, then a lady went in after him and tried flushing, and that's when the toilet clogged and overflowed. Then the lady told the boss, and the prospective employee left and never heard back again. And so the only thing that went down the toilet was his career.But look, we've all been there, right? Like the time I found out the Home Depot toilets were for display only.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: And so sadly, on their list of potential hires, his number two prevented him from being number one, which was the exact same reason I didn't hire Dana Perino to co-host GUTFELD! She packs a lot in that tiny body.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Morgan, you told me --ORTAGUS: Poop jokes make me laugh.GUTFELD: -- you wanted to talk about this story so badly.(LAUGHTER)ORTAGUS: It's true.GUTFELD: Would you ever fire somebody because they clogged a toilet?ORTAGUS: Yes.GUTFELD: Have you ever clogged a toilet?ORTAGUS: Never. I don't do that. I don't go number two. So -- I'm a lady.GUTFELD: You're a lady.(LAUGHTER)ORTAGUS: I'm a lady. I don't do that.This is why, by the way, this is why I'm against gender neutral bathrooms, because men are disgusting. And this is what happens in a gender neutral bathroom is some dude forgets to flush the toilet and leaves -- everywhere.GUTFELD: That's true.TIMPF: Women are disgusting, too. The women's bathroom is vile.O'LEARY: It always has a line-up. That's the problem.GUTFELD: It is, it's true. When I use a gender neutral bathroom, I will clog with it my tampon.(APPLAUSE)O'LEARY: There's a solution to this problem. You go to the interview with a toilet plunger. Put it on the table and you say, look, this is how much I care.(LAUGHTER)O'LEARY: That's the answer.GUTFELD: Anybody go to "Shark Tank" with a product for the toilet?O'LEARY: Yes. Those never air. We see a lot of them.TIMPF: Oh, wow.O'LEARY: There's always somebody that's got a new idea about number one or number two. And we look at it and say, yes, that sucks.GUTFELD: Yes. Didn't you guys do Squatty Potty?O'LEARY: Yes. We also did the lid that lets a cat take a dump in your toilet.ORTAGUS: What? Did anybody buy that?O'LEARY: Yes.GUTFELD: I would buy that, and I don't have a cat.O'LEARY: I suggested that if a cat needed a toilet to dump in, and you're living in a condo, because that was her argument. She said, look, I live in a really small condo, and my cat takes a dump all over the condo. I said, why don't you just take the cat and put it out of the window?(LAUGHTER)O'LEARY: It's so easy. They have nine lives. They'll make it to the bottom.GUTFELD: Exactly.Jamie, do you want me to even read the question at this point?LISSOW: Yes, yes.GUTFELD: So his job went down the toilet, which we could say about your marriage.LISSOW: OK.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: So I do feel bad about one thing. I feel bad that there was not a plunger in the bathroom. Maybe all guys have been there. That's the worst thing when you have to go to the front desk at a hotel, because there's one use for a plunger. Do you know what I mean? You can't be like oh, I need a stand for my wizard's hat.(LAUGHTER)(APPLAUSE)LISSOW: Did you hear the good news, though? He was hired by "The View."(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: Yes, they're like, he's one of us. Welcome aboard.ORTAGUS: But he just didn't flush. That's the problem. He just didn't flush.TIMPF: Yes. Everyone is being way too easy on this guy.GUTFELD: Because you clean bathrooms.TIMPF: Yes, first of all, who takes a -- during a job interview?(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: This man is -- this man is an animal. He's like they offered me free coffee. I'm like I always like everything free, but I know that coffee -- you know that coffee makes you -- everywhere and you still say yes? And then you forgot to flush? No, no, no. And then he let someone else try to clean it up and just sat there? I hope you never get any job because you don't belong in polite society.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I think the woman that finked on him is worse, right?ORTAGUS: No, I'd tell.TIMPF: He was sitting in a puddle of -- spray that was flooding out the toilet. He just walked out and left the bathroom in an interview, that's your best foot forward? What is he going to do if he gets the job, take a dump on the floor?(LAUGHTER)O'LEARY: Remember, whistleblowers get 20 percent.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: I think that if you're going to clog the toilet, you want to make it a public toilet, not yours.ORTAGUS: Yes, totally.GUTFELD: So you take your kids over to that pool instead of your pool. That's what mom used to tell me.All right, up next, what Apple doesn't want you to know about the Vision Pro.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A story in five words.(END VIDEO CLIP)(APPLAUSE)GUTFELD: Five words -- Apple Vision Pro sickens people. Kat, the $3,500 Apple Vision Pro headset is reportedly giving users headaches, eye strain, burst blood vessels. Seems like they should have tested it first.TIMPF: OK, but didn't they. I don't know. Were these people just playing it for a really long time? Like maybe they were doing that.GUTFELD: You're supposed to wear it all the time.TIMPF: No, you're not.GUTFELD: yes, it's got all of your stuff.TIMPF: Really?GUTFELD: It's designed to be worn a lot.TIMPF: OK, well, then maybe they didn't test it enough, I guess. I just feel like they should have known about this, but also I feel like -- I just don't care.(LAUGHTER)TIMPF: Like I feel like if you spent $3,500 on a headset and it hurts your eyes, like, sorry. You know? Get a real problem. My eyes hurt all the time just from being alive.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: From seeing all the pain and suffering in the world.TIMPF: Yes, it really gets to me.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Kevin, it seems like the main goal of this product is to prevent young men from losing their virginity.(LAUGHTER)O'LEARY: Let me explain why this horrible problem happens and will continue to happen for many years to come. About 30 percent of the population when they perceive latency, in other words the fractional delay of reality versus what you're seeing in that headset, your brain goes, what? I have never seen this before. What am I dealing with here? Reality is there, and a millisecond later, I get something else. I don't know what to do. I'm going to give you a headache. That's exactly what happens. And 30 percent can't handle this stuff. Until the Internet is a lot faster, this ain't going to work for a lot of people.GUTFELD: Interesting. It's so funny that they didn't know that this could cause people to get sick and vomit.O'LEARY: You throw up. It's brutal.ORTAGUS: It's 30 percent of the population, though, you think they would notice that in testing.O'LEARY: Well, apparently not. I don't know how many guys wore this for six to eight hours, but everyone that has used it tells me from work it's amazing. You can do a meeting and people are sitting at the table with you. Maybe we have the goggles on now.GUTFELD: We might and we don't even know that.O'LEARY: We don't even know. Is anybody getting sick? That's the question. The idea is you can sit in a room like this and you're there and the perception is perfect. It's amazing unless technology, unless you throw up in them.GUTFELD: Morgan, would you wear one to match your dress?ORTAGUS: Yes, as long as it matched. But I would try it out. I think what is really going on here is that somebody spent $3,500 on this and they went home and their spouse freaked out, and they had to return it. And they're like, oh, I'm having health issues. But really, their spouse is like, why the hell are you paying $3,500 for this? That's what I'd say to my husband.GUTFELD: Jamie, much like your comedy act, this is making people sick. And I wrote that one.LISSOW: That's a good one.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: That's a really good one. I will say that after my comedy shows, I go out, no matter how many are there, I go out after the show, and I apologize to everybody.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: I was one of the first people to get one of these Apple Vision Pros. I think you know that. I was one of the early testers. And they just came out with a thing last week you might remember that said you will not ever be able to use pornography on these things. And so my question is, would anyone like to buy my Apple Vision Pro headset?(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Yes.LISSOW: That's why I bought it.(LAUGHTER)LISSOW: I know you're saying guys won't lose their virginity, but I think you can lose it in the world, within the fake world.GUTFELD: Exactly, that is true. Thanks for spelling that out.(LAUGHTER)GUTFELD: Sick man.All right, don't go away. We'll be right back.(APPLAUSE)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: We're out of time. Thanks to Kevin O'Leary, Morgan Ortagus, Jamie Lissow, Kat Timpf, our studio audience. "FOX NEWS @ NIGHT" with dreamy Trace Gallagher is next. I'm Greg Gutfeld. I love you, America.(APPLAUSE)