BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Please join Shannon Bream, Fox News Sunday. Her guests South Carolina Congresswoman Nancy Mace and National Security Advisor, Jake Sullivan, plus, Oklahoma Governor, Kevin Stitt and Colorado Governor, Jared Polis. That's it for us. Fair, balanced, and still afraid. Long week. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE starts.PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS HOST: I'm Pete Hegseth in for Laura Ingraham. And this is a special edition of THE INGRAHAM ANGLE from Columbia, South Carolina on a Friday night. We start because the suspect is now in custody after a woman was found dead on University of Georgia's campus. We're monitoring a press conference about to happen in Georgia, and we'll bring you the results of that.But we start with this. Forget Biden's bumbling, his stumbling and his full-on face plants, because now it's his, his cheat sheets that have liberal donors, so we're -- you've seen him, but there's more.According to Axios, the White House is blaming the staff. oh, that's classy, saying they're just a detail-oriented staff, too detail and they just want what's best for their octogenarian boss. Also, the note cards that Joe's using everywhere all the time, are there to help him handle his very robust schedule. A robust schedule where he hardly speaks to any reporters compared to his predecessors, and lives with a permanent lid on his life.On the other hand, President Donald Trump, he speaks without gaffes and without no cards. In fact, he said as much about Biden when he spent an hour with Laura, earlier this week.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: He's declined, and there's no question about it. But he was always sort of semi-declined. If you go back 25 years. No, but he was not one of the smarter people. He's tried to be president many times, four times at least that they know. And all of a sudden when he's most diminished, this is when he hit, and he did it. But if you look at me, I feel and I really mean this and I would tell you, and I think you'd tell me too, because we've known each other a long time.If I was -- if I felt diminished, OK, let's use a nice term, if I felt diminished or declined in any way, I think I'd know it. And I think I'd say I'm not running; somebody should talk to him.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: He's right. Biden has always been in sort of a semi-decline. He's also right that somebody should talk to Joe. The President raising eyebrows again today with this weird joke to governors at the White House.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN (D), PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I know. You just heard; did Jill already speak to my wife? What the hell am I doing here? Smart, I'd leave right now.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Yes, Mr. President, Dr. Jill did speak moments before you entered the room. Joining me now is Victor Davis Hanson. He's a Hoover Institution Senior Fellow. Victor, thanks for being here. So, it seems that no cards, we're talking about the no cards because they're back in the news. Joe's at these swanky fundraising dinners and the donors are -- every single part of it is scripted down to the question. So, now the donors are worried, but it feels like the no cards is the least of our problems, Victor?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Yes, it is. He's starting to become a Howard Hughes president. I mean, he's not saying, he's not heard. And when he is, he seems like he's kind of demented or unhinged. And so, you can blame the staff. But they're making Herculean efforts to try to package them, and you can't package something.And you know, Pete, this was all borne out of a Faustian bargain. This was known to people in 2019 and 2020. And the deal was that none of those Left- wing candidates could get elected or beat Donald Trump. So, they said, we will back you and pull out of the race after South Carolina's victory and you will play the role of good old Joe Biden, not really a president, you'll just be a veneer and we will implement the hardest Left-wing agenda we've seen in a half century. And that's what's happened.And it was born and deceit. And it's going to end in deceit, because Karine Jean-Pierre and all of his handlers can assure us that he's robust. He's the most dynamic person in the room, but you can't lie to the American people day-after-day. They're very smart. And they know what's going on.HEGSETH: Yes.HANSON: And now the question is, not -- if but when? How do they get him out? How do the donor class do it? How do the politicals do it? How does the media do it? And they're thinking 24/7, how to do it. And there's not a lot of options. You go through every option, you hit a brick wall.HEGSETH: Yes, Victor, there seems to be one layer between Joe. Well, there's many layers, but one key layer between Joe and the American people and that's the press corps and if you remember last year, famously Biden was photographed holding a no card that had the reporter you should call on and also what she was going to ask about. So, his handlers keep him protected from the press, but the press seems complicit in this. Can you imagine -- I mean, you remember the conversations about the 25th Amendment as it pertained to Donald Trump.Yet we hear nary a peep --HANSON: Yes, I do.HEGSETH: -- there's a few whispers now. The press is protecting Joe.HANSON: They are. But you know, the press is not immoral, it's amoral. In other words, they have no morality. And they'll go with Biden as long as they viable Left-wing agenda on the horizon, and they can demonize and defeat Donald Trump. But if they feel that he's not going to fulfill his role, the character that he's supposed to play, good old Joe Biden from Scranton, that just sits there while the Obamas and Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders push this agenda then he's of no use to them. And you're already starting to see a lot of leaks about it.HEGSETH: Absolutely and do you think that moment has come --HANSON: He's stability, he's loss of memory --(CROSSTALK)HEGSETH: You've seen the leaks, you've seen the rumors, you've seen the discussion, you've seen -- there's been a shadow campaign for quite some time --HANSON: -- and I think they're starting to say, you know what, we've got to intervene and get rid of it.HEGSETH: -- this conversation has been -- we've had this conversation, but there's got to be a tipping point moment. Victor, are we reaching it?HANSON: We are because he's declining geometrically. It's not arithmetically every day, it seems to be a force multiplier the day before and the media is becoming humiliated and disgraced as they try to prop up this virtual candidate that doesn't exist. And the longer they stay with him, the more discredited that they become and you're starting to see some, James Carville, or Bill Maher, people are just saying, look, we're not going to play along with this anymore, and we got to get somebody else in there.But the time is running out. And you know, when you look at Elizabeth, I mean, you look at Kamala Harris and Gavin Newsom state that I live in, There's not a lot of viable alternatives. So, we're going to see some really radical things in the next eight months that we've never seen before in a presidential campaign. I guarantee it.HEGSETH: Yes, there's going to be some moon shots, some gambles for sure. We're also gambling globally, because we're going to switch gears a little bit. Remember when Biden made -- I don't know maybe he knows about this threat, remembers his threat. Maybe not, he made this threat to Russia.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do you say what happened if opposition leader Alexei Navalny dies?BIDEN: I made it clear to him that I believe the consequences of that would be devastating for Russia.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: You're right, Victor. He actually looks spry in June of 2021, compared to where he is now, and we knew he was diminished then. So today, he made good on his threat. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Sanctions are great. We're hearing about 500 targets.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: People see a big number of 500. People also know that two years ago, President Biden said this was going to be the most devastating sanctions regime in the history of sanctions regimes, which is accurate.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He has been tough, he has stood up to Russia, he has stood up to Putin.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Victor, seriously, sanctions have they hurt Russia at all, they were supposed to prevent this conflict. It's only spun out of control. This is their spin.HANSON: He talks -- the more he wields a twig, the louder he gets to compensate. So, he threatens everybody, calls Putin a murderer. He calls him a SOB, but he doesn't do anything to him. So, all this loud bluster is never backed by consequences. So, it has the opposite effect. The way we want to do it is keep quiet and use a club. But he doesn't do that.We have ceded control over the world's major maritime corridors. We don't own -- we and the West can navigate the Red Sea. We can't even go in the Straits of Hormuz without worry, the Persian Gulf is endangered. The Black Sea is a Russian Lake and it's very dangerous. So, under this tenure, people just kind of slept away that the global project is now paralyzed. Because our enemies have taken control of the means of communication and navigation and travel and trade. Nobody talks about it.That was all the work of Joe Biden and all the rough (inaudible) tough talking to the world won't make it right. You can't put Humpty Dumpty back together again. He's got to be quiet and --HEGSETH: No, he can't.HANSON: -- and act and restore deterrence. He can't. He cannot.HEGSETH: Instead, we're speaking loudly and carrying a twig as you said so aptly. Victor, thank you so much for your time tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Nikki Haley is relying on Democrats and liberals; you know Democrats are financing her campaign. The biggest supporters that you see, Scott, right now are the Biden supporters. We're going to do great tomorrow, but it's really important to get out and vote because we want to send a signal.NIKKI HALEY (R) GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Tomorrow is Election Day. Anybody can vote in this election as long as they didn't vote in the Democratic primary on February 3rd. I need you to get out and vote. I think South Carolina is going to show up strong and proud tomorrow.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: So, we're here in South Carolina. We're less than a day away from the South Carolina primary results. In fact, less than 24 hours at 7:09 tomorrow night. We might know the results about this time. The latest RealClearPolitics average still showing a blowout for Donald Trump. But could that change if Democrats turnout in mass for this open primary and we know who they're turning out for. A new report says one political group is even sending Democrat voters letters to vote for Haley. They haven't voted already.Joining me now is Stephen Miller, former senior advisor to President Trump and Rachel Campos-Duffy, my co-host on Fox and Friends Weekend. Stephen, let me start with you, this feels a bit like I don't know, primary election meddling. This is -- this -- is this Nikki Haley strategy, Democrats.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: It is. And it's an unprecedented strategy. We have never seen this kind of open sabotage of the Republican nominating contest before in modern history, where you have a candidate that is openly appealing to Democrat voters to Biden's voters to interfere in and to vote in the Republican primary to elect the most liberal candidate.This is unseen. This has never happened before. And you have to ask yourself, who's behind it? Who are the dark money donors? Who are the secret funders who are propelling this, who are driving this, who are using Haley as the instrument to prolong the Republican primary, and to prevent the beginning of the general election?And so. I would say to everyone watching in South Carolina tonight, if you're a Republican voter, you need to show up and vote and take nothing for granted. Because there's going to be massive Democrat interference in the primary tomorrow.HEGSETH: It's a great point. And Nikki Haley doesn't have the voters, but she has the donors, and now she's counting on Democrats. You're exactly right. Rachel, I want you to take a quick listen to these comments from California's Governor Gavin Newsom. He made them earlier today on another - - watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you think that Haley or Trump would be easier to beat for him?GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D-CA): First of all, I think she's one of our better surrogates. So, I hope she stays in, I hope she does well, tomorrow.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: All the nasty stuff she says about Trump.NEWSOM: Oh, she's spot on. 99 percent of it. So, I'm enjoying, I'm enjoying this primary and hope it continues. So, I wish her luck. I have no problem with her continuing for as long as she wishes, because I think she's making a good case against Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: So, Rachel, the governor is loving Nikki in the race.RACHEL CAMPOS-DUFFY, CO-HOST, FOX AND FRIENDS WEEKEND: Well, I've told you many times that she's the most popular Democrat in the entire election right now.HEGSETH: Sure.CAMPOS-DUFFY: So, this -- it's not surprising. She's trying to spin her low numbers as I'm the outsider. That's why I'm struggling. She's not an outsider. It's laughable. She's the consummate Insider. And in some ways, she is retro, I mean the most charitable view of her is that she's just a retro Republican who --HEGSETH: Establishment retro Republican --CAMPOS-DUFFY: -- establishment. She's, you know, for tax cuts, and compassionate conservatism, which of course, now the Republican primary voter is awake, right? And they're like, oh, compassionate conservatism just means globalism, they're on to the game. And they understand that she's not, she's not truly a Republican. But I will say here in South Carolina, I haven't heard anyone say because people here are pretty nice. They haven't said anything unkind about her. They just don't think she's up for the job.They've seen Donald Trump. He said he was going to go after the swamp. The swamp almost took him down, but he's still standing. And they know that whatever these forces are, and they're not just Democrat forces. Stephen can talk about this, too. This isn't a normal election. This isn't Republican versus Democrat. This is Republicans versus an international globalist agenda. It's also up against the military industrial complex, and the Intel agencies. This is a big election, and so they're looking at Donald Trump. A lot of them aren't even sure he can win, Pete, but they think he's the best shot they got.HEGSETH: Yes, there are a lot of unholy alliances --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Yes.HEGSETH: -- going on right now. You're right. Hard to claim you're an outsider when you're running in your home state where you were the governor, Pretty tough to say you're an outsider --CAMPOS-DUFFY: Or you're supported by BlackRock.HEGSETH: Exactly. Thank you both for breaking this down for us. Well, I'll be watching the South Carolina. Stephen and Rachel, God bless you both. Two American gems. By the way, watch Bret and Martha tomorrow night on Fox News for full primary coverage that starts at 7 PM Eastern on the Fox News Channel. And you can also stream Fox Nation on a second device. Watch Fox News Channel, but then you know pull it up on your iPhone or your iPad, pull up Fox Nation where myself, Rachel will be here as well Will Cain and some other special guests. Think of us as your watch party.We're all watching Bret and Martha together and you can watch us on Fox Nation, as we take in the results too. That event is going to be live at Backstreets Grill in Columbia, South Carolina. So, if you're in South Carolina, Backstreets Grill, Columbia, South Carolina, Fox Nation, Baton backup to the news channel tomorrow night.All right. A Fox News Alert, we move on to this as well. A suspect is in custody after a woman was found dead on the University of Georgia campus. Police just saying he is not a U.S. citizen. Much more on that breaking news.And did Fani Willis just get caught in a lie? New cell phone data raises questions about the embattled DA and her lover, Nathan Wade. Mike Davis here to react.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HEGSETH: A suspect is in custody after a woman was found dead on University of Georgia's campus. Police saying the suspect is not a U.S. citizen. We don't know legal or illegal, but not a U.S. citizen. Madison Scarpino has the latest at this moment. Madison, you were at the press conference.MADISON SCARPINO, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, that's right. It really was just one shocking thing after another here in Athens, Georgia near the UGA campus. As you mentioned, police confirmed that the suspect is not a U.S. citizen. we're unsure of his actual status here in the U.S. His name is Jose Antonio Ibarra. He is 26-year-old, 26-years-old and again, just a really heartbreaking day here in Athens. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEFF CLARK, UGA POLICE CHIEF: We have a suspect in custody for Laken's murder. We are obtaining arrest warrants for Jose Antonio Ibarra, 26 years of age. He lives here in Athens but is not a U.S. citizen.(END VIDEO CLIP)SCARPINO: Now Ibarra is facing a lot of charges right now just to list them out malice murder, felony murder, aggravated battery, aggravated assault, false imprisonment, kidnapping, hindering a 911 call and concealing the death of another. Police say that he will be transported to the Clark County Jail. There is a search warrant on his apartment, and they continue to credit that evidence that really -- the evidence and teamwork that led to this arrest.I do want to note that police say that there was -- they don't believe that there was any motive in this killing. There was no relationship that Ibarra had with Laken Riley. They say that it was a crime of opportunity. Again, this -- the evidence is robust, police say in the situation. They say that also key input from the community helped in this arrest along with physical evidence and expert police work. They also mentioned some video footage from campus that was really vital in all of these charges.But again, just a really horrible day in this community. Everyone is shocked that you speak to. Another thing that I want to note that we learned from this press conference is that police say that Riley was killed from blunt force trauma of solo act and they did mention that three or four people were taken into custody, but they only arrested Ibarra and back out here live, we know that classes are canceled until Monday, both at the nursing school that Riley went to and UGA.There's going to be celebrations of life planned later. So, we'll be on the ground here for days and continue to bring you any more information that we learn.HEGSETH: Madison, thank you for that update. Tragic. Glad they found the suspect and a lot more details to come. Thank you, Madison.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FANI WILLIS, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, FULTON COUNTY: Be clear because you've lied in this -- let me tell you which one you lied in, right here. I think you lied right here. No, no, no, no, this is the truth. It is a lie. It is a lie.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ms. Willis.WILLIS: You see.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Mr. Sadow, thank you. We're going to take five minutes.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Did Fani Willis get caught in another lie? An investigator working with Trump's legal team is now saying cell phone data proves that the prosecutor may not be telling the truth. Trump's legal team finding or filing a document, excuse me, today saying cell phone data proves special prosecutor and lover, Nathan Wade visited Fani at her condo at least 35 times prior to when they claimed under oath, their relationship began. And a few of those visits appear to be overnight stays, which would make this exchange problematic.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVEN SADOW, TRUMP'S LAWYER: You think prior to November 1st of 2021, you were at the condo more than 10 times?NATHAN WADE, SPECIAL PROSECUTOR: No, sir.SADOW: The phone records were to reflect that you were making phone calls from the same location as the condo before November 1st of 2021. And it was on multiple occasions, the phone records would be wrong?WADE: If phone records reflected that. Yes, sir.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Joining me now is Mike Davis, Founder and President of The Article III Project. He's a former law clerk for Justice Gorsuch. Mike, you saw, you heard -- you saw the prosecutors are tip their hand about the cell phone data. How would Fani and Nathan not know about this cell phone data? Do you think they had -- are they caught off guard by this?MIKE DAVIS, FORMER GORSUCH CLERK: It sounds like they were. We have 35 visits, at least 35 visits with Nathan Wade staying at Fani Willis's place or at least being around Fani Willis's place. You had 2000 phone calls in 2021 before November 2021 and he had 12,000 text messages.But Fani Willis wants people to believe that her relationship with Nathan Wade did not start until 2022 after she hired him as the special prosecutor, paid him $250 an hour, $700,000 and counting to prosecute Trump and 18 others and to take illegal kickbacks in the form of these lavish trips to Napa, to the Caribbean, to Belize. Yes, this is all starting to cave in on Fani Willis and her boyfriend, Nathan Wade.HEGSETH: There's more details coming into. We'll get to the why in a moment. But one worker at a Napa Valley winery that Willis and Wade visited in November of last year, recalled something to CVS yesterday that, quote, the pair spent hours tasting wine and when it came to pay, Willis used cash. It's not the norm, he said, the bill was a little over 400 bucks with the taxes and everything else on it. So, she probably gave me $500. Something does feel, you know, reeks a little bit when you're going out of your way to pay cash in places like that. So, do they know they had a problem even back then the cover up has been a long trail.DAVIS: Well, she claims that her black panther father told her she had to have six months of cash laying around her house. Well, if she spent what $6,000 or more reimbursing her boyfriend for these trips. Did she ever replenish this cash or is there any ATM transaction or bank record showing that she replenished this cash that she had laying around her house? This is all a lie. This is perjury. This is subornation of perjury. This is a cover up and I think that this is time for Georgia Governor Brian Kemp or Georgia Attorney General Chris Carr to open a criminal probe on Fani Willis and her boyfriend, Nathan Wade.HEGSETH: Yes, Mike, we're almost out of time. But real quick, I don't care about their relationship. Neither do most folks, whatever. But it matters in this case, explain again, succinctly why their relationship matters in this case?DAVIS: Because you cannot have a financial stake in a criminal prosecution that is per se illegal, and this case should be dismissed, and a new prosecutor should be brought in.HEGSETH: And they knew it. Mike, thank you very much.DAVIS: Thank you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LETITIA JAMES (D), ATTORNEY GENERAL, NEW YORK: This case has never been about politics, or personal vendetta, or about name calling. The rule of law applies to all of us, equally, fairly, and justly and former presidents are no exception.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: No exception. Yes, definitely not about politics. New York Attorney General Letitia James bragging today about the multimillion-dollar penalty imposed on former President Donald Trump. Tweeting just the number. Her anti-Trump Twitter followers of course celebrating it predictably clapping seals. A move that seems more like a campaign post than that of a dispassionate just DA, who just wants to get to the bottom of it.Shark Tank co-host Kevin O'Leary joins me now. Kevin, does tweeting something like that make her look like you know, a dispassionate lawman?KEVIN O'LEARY, CHAIRMAN, O'LEARY VENTURES: I think the challenge with the aftermath of decision is two-fold. One is, will it stand because it's probably not good for the environment in New York to attract capital for real estate development, it seems a little excessive. And obviously, when challenged in the Appellate Court, many assume that it will be adjusted downward and maybe not eliminated but be more appropriate for the fact that this was a victimless crime in the context of money's lost, there wasn't any.And so also, this law was used for the first time in 75 years to get this outcome. And so, I think that would be examined as well by the Appellate Court in New York. I find it -- really -- what I care about, my kids live in New York. I mean, I want New York to be a successful state, I want people to go there and create companies and invest in it. But every day that passes, the environment gets more toxic in terms of traffic of capital. And remember, investors don't have to go to New York, they have other choices. And that's clearly what's --HEGSETH: Sure.O'LEARY: -- happening is people are saying why go there when there's this kind of risk. And everybody is asking this question. Who's next? Because that's the challenge to meet -- to quell down the concerns people have, not just domestically. This is a global story. This is about the competitiveness of New York state versus other states. And right now, it's not looking good for New York.HEGSETH: Yes, Kevin, you've been really clear on this. But and this case is emblematic, but companies have been fleeing New York for years. A report from last August found that nearly 160 Wall Street firms have moved their headquarters out of New York since the end of 2019, taking nearly $1 trillion in assets with them. That's according to data from 17,000 companies compiled by Bloomberg.So, the regulations, the regulatory environment is one thing, but if you add an arbitrary regulatory and justice environment on top of it, then, yes, they can try to pretend like Donald Trump is an outlier. But who is next? Kind of answer that question you posited. Is it friends with Trump? Is it like Trump? Is it once treated about Trump? Where does it stop?O'LEARY: Well, I look at it as an investor. Remember, my job is to deploy capital every single day. I happen to be a developer of very high-end data centers for A.I. So, New York is a great destination for power because they've got Niagara Falls. So, sub four-cents a kilowatt hour is what you need. You also need land to be able to buy that. You need to be in partnership with the government, and you need permits.But so does North Dakota have those attributes, or Oklahoma, or West Virginia, or Montana, or Tennessee. They're all the same. They're all competing. These centers cost $4.2 billion. Now where am I going to go? This has nothing to do with politics. Why would I take the risk, the regulatory risk in New York.In addition to the fact, as you pointed out, it's got the highest taxes in the country, the most punitive regulatory environment, it's very hard to get permits. And clearly, people are questioning whether you can work with government there. The governor herself made a plea asking investors, don't worry about this.HEGSETH: Yes.O'LEARY: It's just this kind of investor that we charge half a billion dollars for. Well, I'm sorry. We're all listening to that saying, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You have to figure this out for yourself as a state, because the money is quietly going to the other states. That's where my $4.2 billion is going. It's going somewhere else.HEGSETH: You say no, because we want governments of laws, not governments of men, deciding what those laws are. And that's just a business take, as you've given so well. Kevin, thank you for your time. We appreciate it. All right. Biden's blaming Republicans, of course he is, for the border. Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick here to respond. Coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HEGSETH: Biden, again, telling governors behind closed doors today that he's planning an executive action on the border. Unfortunately, that's not what he said to reporters.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Over time, our laws and our resources haven't kept up with our immigration system and it's broken, and our politics has failed to fix it. A bipartisan agreement represents the most fair and humane reforms in a long time. But then, as we all know, petty politics intervened.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: Joining me now is Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick. Governor, the legislative route was always a sham. It was always a ruse to try to blame Republicans for the border. People will see through that, right?DAN PATRICK (R), LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR OF TEXAS: Absolutely. Everyone knows he's lying. And the thing, Pete, that really should trouble the American public is it's one thing when a politician lies to you, but it's another thing when they lie to you and they know you know you're lying to them and they consistently lie anyway. The border's secure. It's not my fault, et cetera, et cetera.Pete, you know, you proudly served in the military. Here's an interesting number for you. We have 300,000 people still living from World War II. About a million two from Korea, and six million from Vietnam. That's seven and a half million veterans from those three wars. More than that amount, have come into this country illegally since Biden's become president.So, in 20 years, Pete, when many of these veterans will be gone, they will be replaced by seven and a half million people who don't know our history, don't love our country. They don't care about this country. So, I want you to think that's how enormous it is. All the veterans of those three wars, we've had more illegal people come in here.And all these Chinese, Pete, coming in, these young men, and from everywhere, 19 to 41, more of those have come in the country than we have total law enforcement in the country. Total law enforcement.HEGSETH: It's staggering. And most of them are military age males. By the way, a California mayor, Bill Wells, spoke to -- because you've locked down a lot of what's going on down in Texas. You've taken a firm hand. Well, a lot of it's moving to California. And we talked to -- Bill Melugin talked to a mayor down there. Here's a portion of what he said. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Over the past few months, we've seen 100,000 migrants come across the San Diego border. A lot of those have been absorbed by this county shelter. They asked for three million dollars. They spent over six million dollars. And now they say they're out of money.So, we're going to see migrants congregating on our streets. At the same time that this is happening, the Border Patrol tells us that we're going to go from 300 drop offs a day to maybe a thousand drop offs a day.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: I know it took a while, Governor, but isn't Texas proof that if the federal government or a state wants to do something about it, you know they can. Come and take our razor wire. Try.PATRICK: Yes. And I was down in the park that day, Governor Abbott was out of the country on that particular day, and I went down there to be with our troops and back them up. And we said, do you come and clip the wire? We're going to replace it. Clip it. We'll replace it. We have more wire than you have wire clippers.You know, we've cut, Pete, in that park. There were three to four thousand people coming a day. We cut it down to under a dozen a day. Think about that. Just get out of the way, Joe Biden, and we can secure this border alone in Texas. And by the way, we're doing such a good job. They are moving to the other three states.But Joe Biden, this treason is a hard word to really find, and call someone that is treasonous actions. But if you are, and I'm not suggesting that the president is accused of treason at this point, but gosh, you're coming up to the line when you say that we're going to let thousands, 24,000, 30,000 Chinese men of military age to come through our border and be somewhere in our country and we don't know. And people from the Middle East on the terrorist watch list.I mean, what sound mind, what sound mind in the White House would ever allow our country to be invaded? We passed Senate Bill four. I helped write that bill. We hope that is upheld in the Supreme Court. We passed it in late December. It's in the courts. And that would allow us to take care of our border, as we should be allowed to, to protect our citizens in America, because we are under invasion. The cartels are invading us.And I believe these countries, who are our enemies, are invading us. And Joe Biden does nothing and he blames it on Congress. He's doing nothing. Joe Biden will be gone in November. Donald Trump will secure this border. And the first thing I believe they'll be doing is rounding up a lot of these military age men and getting them the hell out of America, because they're dangerous to us. They're not here for any reason. You can explain.And who paid to get them here, Pete? it's a long way from China. We had 600 people from -- 850 from Russia. We just -- we just saw across the border.HEGSETH: No doubt. What other word would you call a sovereign nation with a leader who allows the law to be flaunted while millions of foreign military age males cross that border and into our country and we have no idea what their intentions are? What's a synonym? Pick one. But you're over the target. Lieutenant Governor, thank you very much for your time.All right. Next, liberal Chicago residents are now sympathizing with Texas. Horace Cooper reacts to that and more, coming up.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Governor Pritzker, who wants to blame Governor Abbott. But I think that we have to be realistic in thinking about what the state of Texas was going through before they began busing migrants here.We are so angry with Pritzker and with President Biden and with our mayor. We're seeing that that is not working for us. And so that is why I will be voting Republican for the first time.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: It's not working. A Chicago resident defending Texas, and now saying she'll vote Republican, as you heard for the first time. This as illegal crime explodes in her city and across the nation. By the way, we have an update on what happened in Georgia that may pertain to this as well. We'll get that soon.The NYPD is looking for 18 people in connection to two separate attacks Thursday night in Times Square, including a stabbing that left a 17-year- old hospitalized. Some of the suspects are believed to be here illegally posing as migrants. The New York Post reported. On top of that, three illegals were just busted in New Jersey after going on a five thousand three hundred dollar shoplifting spree. I bet they thought they'd never get caught.And when the NYPD attempted to make an arrest at a -- they call it a migrant center, but it's full of people here illegally, on Randall's Island, they were met with nothing but hostility.Joining me now is Horace Cooper, Project 21 chairman. Horace, bringing these illegals to liberal sanctuary cities has proven to be effective moved by conservative states by showcasing saying, hey, you want them, here you go.HORACE COOPER, PROJECT 21 CHAIRMAN: What's good for the goose is good for the gander. But let me tell you what, I hear from black Americans, when we go out into the community, that this is among one of the top issues that they are concerned about, these open borders policies of this president.In fact, last summer, we put together a monogram at Project 21. What immigration policy means for black America, because black Americans, especially men, six, only six in 10 have a high school diploma. The very group of people that we are importing illegally by opening the doors are undercutting American citizens.And the worst part of it is, and those same citizens are forced to pay for. Debit cards, two, four, five, $10,000, staying at some of the nicest hotels that many black Americans can only dream of. Black Americans are fed up with Biden's open border policies.HEGSETH: Let's speak with underserved American citizens, because in Chicago, the school board there, just real quick on this, just voted to get rid of all police officers in schools. How's it going to get better?COOPER: The left -- see, my most recent book is all about how the woke policies that have come down since the Biden administration hurts blacks. We're going to take the one opportunity, education, that will help liberate people in America, particularly disproportionately black Americans who live in the inner city. The progressives are crippling even that tool.We're turning our public schools into pipelines to prison. That's an awful thing to see progressives do to black America.HEGSETH: Horace, thank you for speaking truth. We appreciate it. All right, there's nothing Biden-flation isn't wreaking havoc on, including the tooth fairy. And Biden's dog biting Secret Service agents is apparently OK with the liberal media. My buddy, Will Kane, come on, Will, joins me next. Here he comes, sheepishly. Come on in.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HEGSETH: Did you miss some of the big headlines this week? Here with me in South Carolina to go over our weekday wrap up is Will Kane, co-host of Fox and Friends Weekend, and the host of the Will Kane show, which you can get everywhere and you need to check it out. OK. All right, Will, Biden's economy getting even more painful for Americans. Get this story. New York has the most expensive pizza in the nation at nearly, almost 30 bucks a pie. Red lobster, endless shrimp promotion crushing the company. I read that too fast. It's too expensive. And even the tooth fairy's payments have dropped.WILL CAIN, FOX AND FRIEND WEEKEND CO-HOST: Well, my favorite headline there is the endless shrimp is crushing (INAUDIBLE). I want to be at that. I want to see the people that are put Red Lobster under. They're hitting the shrimp, all you can eat so hard, the Red Lobster screaming mercy.HEGSETH: It's true. My kids tried to hit the endless wings at Applebee's and the plates kept getting smaller and smaller.CAIN: I don't know, but I do have some insight into tooth fairy. And, you know, he's regional. Sometimes he's house to house.HEGSETH: He's regional?CAIN: She -- I don't know.HEGSETH: OK.CAIN: That's the thing. That's how little I know the tooth fairy. But I say the golden rates, too. Has inflation pushed. They to five --HEGSETH: Two dollars? It's gone up.CAIN: What is the tooth fairy's pronoun?HEGSETH: Her. Is it a her? I think so.CAIN: Let's go with it.HEGSETH: All right. Let's move on to the next story. The ladies from The View defending Biden's dog, Cujo. Wait, I mean, Commander. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Well, it makes you wonder, what did he see that nobody else saw?UNKNOWN: I have a question for the Republicans. How can we, how can we blame this on Hunter Biden?UNKNOWN: Listen to his name, Commander.UNKNOWN: That's right.UNKNOWN: He's in charge. He's a guard dog.(END VIDEO CLIP)HEGSETH: So, you're a dog guy. He's just a defender. He defends everybody, 25 bites.CAIN: That's serious Prov the level spin. I judge amazing. And I need to be careful with this, because I don't have the best-behaved dog in the world, but she's pretty good. But I will judge you. This is on Biden. I'm telling you right now, and I'm not taking a cheap shot. If your dog bites people this many times, you, as a master, are not good at training.HEGSETH: Well, in two ways, right? A, you're not good at training your dog. And B, you didn't cut it short at eight bites or 15 bites.CAIN: Yeah, 25. Send them to discipline school. You can't be biting the Secret Service 12 times.HEGSETH: It's a fair point. All right. OK. Now to the demand, or lack thereof, of electric vehicles, Will. Mercedes-Benz just announced that they're delaying their EV goals by five years. And the Amazon backed EV company Rivian just laid off 10 percent of their staff. So, Will, they don't work. They don't work in the cold. It takes forever to charge them. Is any of this a surprise?CAIN: I do. I do know quite a few guys who bought the Rivian. It doesn't look bad. The Rivian looks good.HEGSETH: OK, but does it work?CAIN: Yeah. I mean, if you want to drive within a 30-mile radius, it's all good.HEGSETH: OK.CAIN: But if you need to, you know, go beyond your 15-minute city limitations, it's a problem, and everyone's realized.HEGSETH: Shouldn't every man have a plan to go outside of their 15-minute limitation?CAIN: And be ready for the EMP.HEGSETH: If need be.CAIN: And be ready for the EMP.HEGSETH: Ready for the EMP or when your cell goes out.CAIN: Yes.HEGSETH: How quickly till we go till cannibalism, by the way? Watch the Will Cain show. He discusses it. You want to check it out.CAIN: Ten days.HEGSETH: It's a great show.CAIN: Check it.HEGSETH: Ten days, he says. I say, shorter. All right. That's us for us tonight. I'm Pete Hegseth in for Laura Ingraham. Don't miss Fox and Friends Weekend right on this stage in about 10 hours. We're covering all things South Carolina primary.And then, of course, watch Brett and Martha, 7 P.M. tomorrow night on the Fox News Channel. That's it for THE INGRAHAM ANGLE.