MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Not wearing black sneakers today, but that's OK. I respect that. Thank you very much, you guys. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum, and this is THE STORY.Today, Karl Rove, Howie Kurtz, who interviewed the former president over the weekend, and Hugh Hewitt, who has interviewed President Trump recently as well, are joining me to react to a number of things regarding the 2024 campaign, including this Trump bloodbath comment and the spin that has dominated the story. Not a whole lot of retractions or apologies around this. We will break that down for you as well as President Biden's reported angry West Wing rants. What that is all about with some gentlemen who know all of the background on this very well.So, first, though, the former president's attorneys say that he cannot secure the 454-million-dollar bond in the New York civil fraud case after being turned down reportedly by roughly 30 different underwriters to cover that enormous unprecedented judgment. So, that means that Attorney General Letitia James could potentially seize his assets just days from now. She said, she had kept looking up at 40 Wall Street to, you know, put a number on it and figure out how much of that chunk could possibly be covered by that. Here is Trump's attorney Alina Habba on THE STORY about this issue last week.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Any update on when that money is supposed to be paid? What's the latest, Alina?ALINA HABBA, TRUMP ATTORNEY: The judgment was absurd. The American people see that. The number is ridiculous. It's never been seen before. We truly stand on the same position that the appellate division needs to step in and decide what's right.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Meanwhile, another legal battle is brewing today of huge importance at the Supreme Court. How far can the federal government or the presidential administration go in censoring what we can see or watch on social media? GOP-led states arguing today that the Biden administration had no right during the pandemic to encourage big tech censorship of platforms like Facebook and Twitter, especially with regard to what we were allowed to see and not see about the COVID pandemic, about treatments for the COVID pandemic and the like. So, correspondent David Spunt gives us an afternoon update from outside the Supreme Court this afternoon on a gorgeous day out there. Hi, David.DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha, it really is a beautiful day and a big day like you said with high stakes, and despite critics of the practice of the government speaking with social media companies, those critics showed up in big numbers. The justices seemed somewhat skeptical about stopping the practice of the federal government speaking with these, some of these social media companies, alerting them that they think that some of these posts are overall problematic. Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson said and I say the government actually has a duty to take steps to protect the citizens of this country.The question before the court, though Martha, did the Biden administration improperly collude is the allegation with some of the social media companies to take down some of these posts. We're talking about the largest tech firms in the country to moderate contact or fight digital disinformation, content that was posted by private parties. Think everyday people on Twitter, Facebook, other big sites. The Biden administration accused and sued for collaborating with these large companies to take down some of these vaccine-related posts. Now, here's a skeptical Justice Alito questioning the government.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) JUSTICE SAMUEL ALITO, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES: The only reason why this is taking place is because the federal government has got Section 230 and antitrust in its pocket, and it's, to mix my metaphors, and it's got these big clubs available to it. And so, it's treating Facebook and these other platforms like they're subordinates.(END VIDEO CLIP)SPUNT: Big day, and the justices will render a decision by the end of June or early July at the latest, Martha.MACCALLUM: David, thank you very much. So, joining me now, Andrew Cherkasky former Federal Prosecutor and Criminal Defense Attorney. Andrew, good to have you here on both of these, and I want to get into this what's going on the Supreme Court. But first I want to get your reaction to this news from the Trump team that he cannot come up with the $430 million. I think it's the largest settlement ever against an individual in this country, isn't it?ANDREW CHERKASKY, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Well, I would not count Trump out yet. He has a week yet to actually have this money secured in order to file the appeal. He's now seeking the court's approval to effectively take either a hundred million dollars in bond or to forgive the bond entirely at this point to allow the appeal to proceed. That's the next step is he wants to appeal this.But even if the court doesn't allow that and uh... and James actually does try to foreclose on some of his properties, I think he still has paths to move forward through federal court ultimately to the Supreme Court to complain about eighth amendment violations the fine being so astronomically high here that it seems unbelievable for the Constitution to permit it under these circumstances.MACCALLUM: I mean, it seems, it seems unjust that you could be forced to sell properties before you get the opportunity especially given the enormous size of this unprecedented individual judgment that you have to sell the properties, then you'd have to buy them back, I guess, if you, if your appeal is heard and you get restitution?CHERKASKY: That does seem very unusual to have to essentially disgorge yourself of everything that you're still fighting for through the Appellate Channel. The problem is that people who do that may try to use the court system to just delay their payment of whatever fine they had gotten if they lose on appeal. But here, Trump has the assets, they're in different forms. They're not in a form that these bond companies, he said he went through 30 different bond companies, that just won't put up that money based on it being property, real property, as opposed to being held in cash. So, I think that these are very unique circumstances, and I hope that the New York Court of Appeals looks at it appropriately, but like I said, I think even the Supreme Court would have interest in this case from that Eighth Amendment ground.MACCALLUM: OK, and your quick thoughts on that, what happened in the Supreme Court today and what we heard from the justices, how does this feel based on what we just got from David Spunt?CHERKASKY: Well, the Biden administration continues to promote the idea that they're allowed to pressure these platforms to de-platform individuals. And they say that they can go so far as to do that unless they coerce these private companies. I think that that's a rough day for the first amendment.MACCALLUM: Yes. I mean, just quickly, guys, put this Facebook e-mail up from July 14th, 2021, released by the House Judiciary. This is during the pandemic:"Clegg: can someone quickly remind me why we are removing rather than demoting labeling claims that COVID is man-made before May?""Meta-employee: because we're under pressure from the administration and others to do more, and it was part of the more package."Just a quick thought, you know, when you look back at that time period, and really a lot of what was removed turned out to be correct.CHERKASKY: Yes, that's right. And the pressure they were putting on these platforms was that people would die of COVID if they didn't de-platform some of these messages. So, you talk about coercion. I think that that arguably gets to that point, but the justices didn't seem to be receptive.MACCALLUM: Yes, coercion is the word that they're going to have to determine in this case with regard to the First Amendment. Some interesting things coming out of the Supreme Court. We'll see where it goes, Andrew. Thank you.CHERKASKY: Thank you.MACCALLUM: Always good to see you. Thanks for coming in today. So, we've got a big lineup ahead. Texas Congressman Pat Fallon, Clay Travis and Mr. Wonderful, Kevin O'Leary, live from New York.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Hours from now, a Texas law could take effect allowing police to arrest people who cross their border illegally. The Justice Department is challenging this measure. The Supreme Court could extend a pause on the measure which would allow them to arrest people. That expires today or they may decide that they will let Texas enforce their own law, SB4, while the legal battle over this issue is a states right versus federal rights issue continues. Watch this exchange -- OK, with that we bring in Texas Republican Congressman Pat Fallon who is on the Oversight and Armed Services Committee. Congressman, good to have you here. Thank you very much for being here. Any thoughts on what you think will happen in the Supreme Court and whether Texas will be allowed to arrest people who cross the border, which obviously would be a big game changer in all of this.REP. PAT FALLON (R-TX): Well, Martha, I certainly hope that the law will be upheld because it's eminently reasonable considering I believe we are under an invasion and the Constitution specifically allows states to protect themselves against innovation. Take, for instance, from 2011, Martha, to 2024. So, over the 13-year period just in Texas, there have been almost a half a million criminal aliens arrested and convicted of 187,000 crimes. Murder, rape, arson, kidnapping, really, you know, these are felonies. And so, I think Texas has an inherent right and duty to protect their citizens. I served in the Texas legislature for a year, so I do hope the Supreme Court sees it the way we do.MACCALLUM: This is a piece of the interview that NBC did with Laken Riley's father and they asked if the immigration policy may have made a difference in what happened to her. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you think a difference in immigration policy would have made a difference for Laken?JASON RILEY, FATHER OF LAKEN RILEY: We both have no idea if that would have changed anything, but he's here illegally, that he might not have been here had we had secure borders. She's being used somewhat politically. It makes me angry. She was much better than that. She should be raised up for the person that she is.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Your reaction to that, sir?FALLON: Oh, my heart goes out to Laken's family, because I don't think it ever should have happened. And to be very gentle about this answer, Martha, there were, under the past two administrations, Obama and Trump, about 1.7 million illegal crossings in the first three years of the presidency. Under Joe Biden, it was over eight million.So, that's an increase of five times. That's 500 percent increase. And unfortunately, when you have that kind of a flood of, I don't know who these people are, there is a criminal element, albeit maybe just a few percentage points, but you're talking tens of thousands of people.So, I think we're clearly safer as citizens, if we have a secure border. And, by the way, if you're not safe, then you're not free. So, this is about freedom and liberty as well.MACCALLUM: Yes. 100 percent.Congressman, thank you, Congressman Pat Fallon, thank you for being here today. Good to see.FALLON: Thanks, Martha. God bless.MACCALLUM: So, let's check in with White House correspondent Peter Doocy, who just asked National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan, about the president's phone call with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Hi, Peter.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: And Martha, we were told to call was business-like it did not end abruptly, it ended after Netanyahu and President Biden made both of their points.And apparently, the point that President Biden wanted to make is that he does not think Netanyahu can go into Rafah to eradicate Hamas without having a legitimate humanitarian plan in place.But it has been a long time since Biden and Netanyahu talks. In fact, they haven't spoken on the phone since February 15th.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Why did President Biden wait so long? Why do you let 32 days pass between phone calls with Prime Minister Netanyahu?JAKE SULLIVAN, NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER: Well, so, first of all, our teams are in contact every single day, at every level, President Biden gets a daily, twice daily, sometimes nine times daily update on what is going on. And He reserves his calls for the prime minister for when he believes there's a key strategic moment that needs to come forward. That's point.Point two, Prime Minister, of course, knows how to reach President Biden. If the prime minister felt he needed the president for some reason, he would have picked up the phone and call. Then, of course, in the last 32 days, President Biden has never declined a phone call from Prime Minister Netanyahu.So, this pretty much the normal give and take of two leaders both operating their governments and both operating their foreign policies, both working with their teams. And then, at a key inflection point, in the -- in the dialogue between the two sides coming together and talking, I wouldn't make more of it than that.(END VIDEO CLIP)DOOCY: Jake Sullivan was also asked if Netanyahu brought up those comments from Chuck Schumer on the floor of the Senate calling for new elections, calling to remove Netanyahu from power in Israel.Sullivan wouldn't say specifically that, that came up. But he did mention that Netanyahu brought up things that have been in the American press lately. Martha.MACCALLUM: No doubt. Peter, thank you very much. Peter Doocy at the White House.Coming up, our power panel on former President Trump's bloodbath comments and the media spin on what he was talking about. That is now lighting up his base.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, CO-HOST, MORNING JOE, MSNBC: He is talking about a bloodbath for America. It's laid out in the terms of it. And these idiots on Twitter. These idiots on cable news, these idiots on Sunday shows: what I hear, what the president (INAUDIBLE) he was talking only about the auto industry, and this is one month just --(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: All right. So, a lot of reaction keeps coming in over this issue today. The former President Trump using the word bloodbath at a campaign rally in Ohio over the weekend.He says he was talking about what will happen to the American carmakers if he loses the election. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: We're going to put a 100 percent tariff on every single car that comes across the line, and you're not going to be able to sell those cars if I get elected.Now, if I don't get elected, it's going to be a bloodbath for the whole, that's going to be the least of it. It's going to be a bloodbath for the country that will be the least of it. But they are not going to sell those cars.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: So, here is just a sampling of how that is going over in the media. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NANCY PELOSI, FORMER REPRESENTATIVE OF CALIFORNIA: He is even predicting a bloodbath. What does that mean? He is going to exact a bloodbath? There is something wrong here.SCARBOROUGH: Just bullshit. He knew what he was doing. We are not stupid. Americans aren't stupid. He was talking about a bloodbath. Sometimes a bloodbath means a bloodbath.ANA NAVARRO, POLITICAL COMMENTATOR, CNN: We have seen January 6th, we have seen that he's led an insurrection. So no, we were not taking it out of context, because the context is his history and his life.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK. With that, we bring in Karl Rove, former White House deputy chief of staff for President George W. Bush, and a Fox News contributor. "Media Buzz" host Howie Kurtz, who aired his interview with former President Trump over the weekend. And nationally syndicated radio host Hugh Hewitt, who has interviewed the former president many times.Good to have all of you with us. Thank you very much for joining us today. Let me go down the line and get your reaction to this controversy today. Karl, let me start with you.KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Over the top and a reason why people hate the media. It was clear, you read a transcript of it, and then it's reference to the bloodbath is when he talks about Chinese electric vehicles being made in China or made in Mexico and imported into the United States. And that's the context, and that gets dropped out.And now, there are other things that he says that the media could have gone after. He refers to the people who are in jail over January 6, as hostages. People beat up the police, he says in a completely different context, not sure that if he doesn't get elected, you'll never have another election in that country. Those are legitimate things to ask him about.But instead, they pick the thing in the speech that sounds, if you take the word bloodbath out of context, makes it sound terrible. When he is talking very specifically about what will happen to American manufacturing, in the auto industry, specifically, if he doesn't get elected. So, over the top and as a result, undermines the confidence of the American public in the media.MACCALLUM: Howie what's your take.HOWARD KURTZ, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: This bloodbath coverages outrage and totally wrenched out of context. As you showed, he is talking about jobs before and after. Now, there is been other times when Trump has signaled the possibility of political violence. This is not one of them.And you know, what interesting Martha in my Mar-a-Lago interview with the former president, I asked him about using words like vermin and poisoning of the blood, and why he does that in describing the illegal migrants?And he acknowledged to me that he does that overtop language -- inflammatory language, in order to drive media coverage. That's quite an admission given the echoes of Nazi Germany, but he says he does it because he wants people on his turf debating his issues. And if he uses what he called politically correct language, it doesn't really resonate.MACCALLUM: Hugh Hewitt, your reaction to this bloodbath issue.HUGH HEWITT, SYNDICATED RADIO HOST: Oh, I spent three hours this morning, Martha, doing nothing but the story of bloodbath and Howie's interview. Because the former president is a rating straw and people want to talk about it.Karl is being generous in calling it over the top, it's a lie, actually, suggests that the former president was calling for physical violence. He wasn't.And I'm glad you played both the beginning and the end of that because it's clearly, clearly -- I mean, there isn't any doubt here. There would be no doubt in any objective reading, he would tell you about what would happen to the automobile industry in America if the Chinese funded and Mexican construct that E.V.s were allowed into the country without tariffs.I don't happen to agree with them on the policy. But I do agree, this was completely taken out of context, because it wasn't about journalism, it's about super serving a hardcore audience with what they wanted to hear that Donald Trump is a tyrant, who has blood on his hands and more to come.MACCALLUM: Yes. Hugh, staying with you for a moment, though. When you listen to Joe Scarborough, he is saying that you are wrong. He is saying, you know, clearly, there is an inference in there that's larger than just the auto industry. And if you don't get it, you're just a cable idiot. That's what he is saying, Hugh.HEWITT: Yes. I'm not going to call Joe stupid, like he is calling all of us stupid on this channel. Because I used to go on Joe Show back when he was in love with Trump. And Trump would call in and they would both beat up on me.MACCALLUM: Yes, yes. I remember that.HEWITT: So, Joe has changed over times, as ratings has required him to change in the MSNBC audience right into change. But this morning was laughable. Joe knows that he's got a ratings to deliver, and he delivered it this morning.MACCALLUM: You know, it's interesting, Howie. Because what the foreign president said to you, you know, I do believe that he's a politician. And prior to that, a businessman who believes there is no such thing as bad publicity.And so, if you drop certain words into the -- into the ether, you are going to get talked about, you know, the great Hugh Hewitt spent three hours talking about this, this morning. And here is a soundbite on the issue of the enemy of the people phrase that he has used from your interview, Howie. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: They really don't like enemy of the people, I would be honored to do that, if they would do it right. If they would -- you know, they are like the policeman or policewoman, they like the police.And frankly, they keep our country honest in a certain way, if they do their job properly, and they haven't been doing it properly.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Howie, your thoughts on that exchange.KURTZ: Well, I sensed that he might be open to some kind of ceasefire, because he's using fake news a lot less.MACCALLUM: Yes.KURTZ: And he almost went all the way, but then he said, you know, but they're not doing it properly. So, it's, there is no ceasefire, as of now. You know, just a quick thought on the coverage of this interview at Mar-a- Lago, which is that, for example, I got the foreign president to say that Vladimir Putin, whose name he had never even mentioned in connection with Alexei Navalny's prison murder, probably, was responsible.And here's some of the headlines. Trump couldn't bring himself to condemn Putin for Alexei Navalny's death. Trump delivers head spinning the awkward answer to new question about Putin.Now, he did say, I don't know. He can't prove it. I can't prove it. We all know it's true. This would not have happened without Putin being notified and acquiescing in this, but it just shows you that a lot of people bring their anti-Trump bias to the table, a pro-Trump bias when it comes to these interviews, where I tried to be straight down the middle, and give him a chance to say what he wanted to say.MACCALLUM: Absolutely. It was very interesting interview.Karl, you know, another thing that came up in the interview, I thought was kind of interesting. He was asked about Nikki Haley and said, you know, she -- well, she has some talent. And everybody is wondering about the V.P. picks for all of the candidates who are still in the running here. Where do you think that whole story is going?ROVE: Well, I find it hard to believe that he's going to be as big and strong minded as Ronald Reagan was and pick his principal opponent in the primary processes as his running mate. But it was a good remark for him to make and he should have frankly, made it the night that he beat her in South Carolina.When he was in Iowa. He was humble. He was gracious he complimentary of his opponents. We didn't see that in New Hampshire for certain and in that moment for him to begin uniting the party was in South Carolina. So, nice of him to say it now, which he had said it earlier.MACCALLUM: Hugh, you have put out a shortlist of people you think are potential V.P.What did -- what do you think about that comment? You give it any significance?HEWITT: I don't think he will pick Nikki Haley. That got a little too rough at the end. I think, Karl is right that we haven't got the same kind of dynamic that we have 1980.I like Senator Cotton and Ernst, Mike Pompeo, someone not designed to pick up the state or an ethnicity or a particular demographic. But someone designed to attack, attack, attack every day on message about the border, about crime, about inflation, about he's going abroad. So, I'm looking for someone who can stay on message more than anything else.MACCALLUM: All right. Quick 30 seconds how we on this Biden story about his rants in the West Wing. What did you make of that?KURTZ: Well, I think the president is frustrated by the coverage and knew his campaign, and his abysmally low polling numbers. And the fact that Trump seems to be beating him, you know, eight months long time to go in all of that.MACCALLUM: Yes.I certainly don't think Biden has gotten great coverage on the age issue. And a lot of people, a lot of Democrats having doubts about him, so just shows you that we've managed to tick off both sides --MACCALLUM: Yes.HURTZ: -- which is the job of the price, by the wayMACCALLUM: Exactly, yes. I mean, it also might show you that he has some fight in him. And maybe that was the point of those tours as well, so we'll see what a great panel. I hope you all come back soon. Hugh Hewitt, Howie, good to see you as always. Great to have you with us as well, and great interviews over the weekend. Thank you. Howie. Thanks all.HURTZ: Thank you.MACCALLUM: All right. Well, President Biden behind the scenes frustration, which we just touched on, reportedly boiling over as his approval lags behind former one term presidents who lost their reelection bid. So those are troublesome numbers. We're going to show them to you in a moment and we will dig deeper into that story part two when Clay Travis and Mark Penn join us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SULLIVAN: I've never seen him do that, shout or swear in response to that. So, from my perspective, that particular report is not correct.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: OK. So the White House responding to these reports, explosive report over the weekend that says it President Biden is "angry and anxious" about his reelection campaign as he faces a rematch with former President Trump. That came from NBC News. It reports that the President was "seething" at a private White House meeting in January, "allies of the President had just told him that his poll numbers in Michigan and Georgia had dropped over his handling of the war between Israel and Hamas."Both are battleground states he narrowly won four years ago, and it can't afford any black backsliding if he has to once again defeat Donald Trump. He began to shout and swear says this report. A lawmaker familiar with the meeting said all of this, he had been doing what's right, Biden had, despite the political fallout he told the group according to this lawmaker. He means with regard to the Israel-Hamas situation.Now, the report also points out that President Biden's Gallup approval rating is now currently lower at this point in his term than the last three presidents who lost their reelection bids, Donald Trump, George H. W. Bush and Jimmy Carter. So you can see that those are clearly troublesome numbers for him at this stage of the game as he heads towards his reelection effort.Let's bring in OutKick founder clay Travis and Mark Penn, former Clinton adviser and pollster now chairman and CEO of Stagwell, and chairman of the Harris Poll. Great to have both of you with us today.You know, Mark, what do you make of these reports that he's getting testy and clearly very unhappy with his staff over his numbers and over their pushback, it sounds to me, to his Israel policy.MARK PENN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: (Inaudible) When I work with President Clinton, I would say he got angry and anxious over his poll numbers, particularly in the beginning when they were weak. So, you know, I don't think that's anything unusual in that sense. I am concerned, however, that, look, when I look at the polls, only 2% for Israel is the number one issue. People are concerned about immigration, inflation. I'm concerned that people will be using the polls to try to push his Israel policy, because it does look likely that more politics has been involved in that policy as he really took a very strong position for Israel. And you see that slowly dissipated here.MACCALLUM: Yes.PENN: And, of course, it does look like it's traced to that meeting, which would be really unfortunate, because let's face it, the 100,000 non- committed voters, that's really not the cause of his declining numbers. His declining numbers is because of inflation and immigration, and the major issues that he has to fortify with swing voters about the presidency that he is doing. And so, I think this is could be serious misdirection here.MACCALLUM: Clay, let's take a look at this soundbite from well known CNN political analyst, Harry Enten, who watches these numbers very closely as well. Watch this.HARRY ENTEN, CNN POLITICAL ANALYST: Simple math at this point. Biden is behind in Arizona, he's behind in Nevada, he's behind in Georgia, he's behind in Michigan. And if that math hold ballgame over most likely, Donald Trump wins.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Clay, your thoughts on all this?CLAY TRAVIS, FOUNDER, OUTKICK: Sounds like Biden's setting up for a bloodbath, Martha. I don't know how he's going to recover from this. In all seriousness, look, to me, and obviously Mark is far more skilled in analyzing all of these numbers than I am. But really right now this race boils down to this, people haven't really changed their mind about Donald Trump. They knew what they thought of him since 2015. They made their determination on what they thought of his presidency.But if you go to 2020, Biden had two advantages. One was COVID, which Trump got blamed for fair or foul. I think it was foul because he didn't make COVID happen, clearly. Two, was people were able to buy into this avuncular likeable Grandpa Joe character, who promised that he would store normalcy to the White House, be unthreatening. A lot of Midwestern voters in particular, but also in Georgia and Arizona, were willing to take that chance.Now they have had basically four years of Joe Biden. They see him as physically and mentally unfit for the White House. They see inflation having surged, war in the Middle East, war in Europe, crime figures skyrocketing, the border, a complete disaster, and they look around and they say, wait a minute, none of this was as bad under Donald Trump. They haven't really changed their opinion about what they think about his personality or what they think about his overall persona, but they have changed in a big way for Joe Biden.I think the Wall Street Journal poll, Biden went from plus 10, if I'm remembering the numbers correctly in 2020, to minus 11 right now, purely on do you like this guy. I think that's the election, and I think that's why we're going to spend billions of dollars and nothing's really going to change unless Biden gets more likable.MACCALLUM: All right. Let's take a look at this. This is Carville and Begala, the team who helped Bill Clinton win, talking about what they would do -- what they would say to advise the current President Joe Biden. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES CARVILLE, FORMER PRESIDENT CLINTON STRATEGIST: He's clearly going mad, and I would attack right now, I'd spend that money, I will jump all over him because my feeling is when your opponent is drowning, the first thing you do is throw him or her an anvil.PAUL BEGALA, FORMER PRESIDENT CLINTON STRATEGIST: Attacks or attack, attack, stop bragging and start bashing. That's what he needs to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Mark, what do you think about Carville and Begala's take on that?PENN: Oh, with all due respect, they did go cut his first election. I did the reelection.MACCALLUM: There you go.PENN: And in reelection, it has to be about your agenda for the future. Look, I thought the State of the Union, we'll see whether or not it got a bump, but it was too much of a base speech. Remember, people have to reach out during this phase of the campaign to swing voters. Bashing Donald Trump, let me tell you, Donald Trump has been bashed six ways to Sunday and he should be, you know, you're running the Democratic campaign, bash later on.But what's the problem now? The problem now is the Biden presidency needs about five points of increased recognition for what it's done, and for what it will do. Nobody's outlined anything like a next term agenda, and anything like a next term agenda that would be popular with swing voters. And I think that is the job number one here, and then later on go and bring out your attack machine.MACCALLUM: Mark Penn, thank you very much clay. Travis, thanks to you as well, great to see you both. Thanks, gentlemen.TRAVIS: Thank you, Martha.MACCALLUM: So for coming up, we have another gentleman in the in the house, investor, "Shark Tank" investor, Kevin O'Leary, he invests in a lot of things but he's on "Shark Tank," live from New York with some advice to those at home struggling to keep up with the payments on their homes, their cars, all of this that so many Americans are facing right now. Their credit cards, we'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: Fox Digital asking Americans in a small town of Noel, Missouri if the American Dream is still a thing. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's alive, it's harder to reach but it's alive. But it can be made easier to reach to, we just need to elect the right people.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think as long as we set our minds and goals, we should be fine. There's still a lot of opportunity.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: People can't afford anything. They can't afford to buy a house, they can't afford to rent a house. Groceries are insane on cost.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: Speaking of housing prices, home foreclosure filings up 8% from a year ago. That's a sad story. Foreclosure completions are down, though. Let's bring in Mr. Wonderful, Kevin O'Leary, Chairman of O'Leary Ventures and Shark Tank star and investor. Kevin, great to have you with us today.This is the number of 18 to 34 year olds, just the American dream still hold true, so Wall Street Journal. 45% once held true but no more.KEVIN O'LEARY, CHAIRMAN, O'LEARY VENTURES: Yes. I don't like to hear that. We celebrate the American dream on "Shark Tank." I'm a big believer in it. Well, you ask what's the index that tells you the American Dream is still alive? It's the millions of people that want to come to this country from all around the world. The number one reason is the American dream. There's no country like it.I'm a Lebanese, Irish immigrant. I'm here. This is the center of capitalism. This is where you create wealth. This is where you create businesses, where you create jobs. For all of its faults, there's only one America.MACCALLUM: So, you know, in terms of younger people and how they are focusing on doing that, it is tough for them. Houses are a lot more expensive, launching that American Dream is putting them in a situation, put up total credit card debt at 1.1 3 trillion. So they're putting a lot of this on their credit cards. That's an uneasy situation when you try to go to sleep at night for these people.O'LEARY: Yes. It's not a sustainable one either because credit card rates are 21% to 24% annualized, so you can't win. You have to do everything in your power to reduce your spending, your personal spending, by at least 20%. And you can do that because most of us buy stuff we don't need. And I always started someone's closet, looking at how many sneakers, how many t- shirts, how many jeans, when you actually look at what you wear, it's three t-shirts, two jeans, two sneaker sets, and everybody has so much of that stuff that they don't need and that should have gone to credit card debt.The key to this and the reason these foreclosures are occurring and you're seeing a lot of financial stress is basically 0% to 5.5% terminal rate in matter of 18 months, which is unprecedented in raising rates. But they've stabilized now, but this is the new normal and you've got to find a way to pay down credit card debt. It is the number one anchor on your life because of the high rates.The reason I own all the credit card stocks is if you're willing to pay that much, you're paying me. Don't pay me is what I say, stop. Figure out a way to pay that down. That is key.MACCALLUM: Yes. I mean, really, you shouldn't -- you should only put on your card what you can pay that month.O'LEARY: I have to tell you, I do this very simple metric with even very wealthy people. Simply look at all your sources of income over 90 days on a piece of paper, you don't need a computer, and every hustle you've got to make money including your job, side hustle, even if you waitress or you're a door dasher, doesn't matter. Over two thirds that do this simple test, including really wealthy people, burn more cash than they bring in.Now maybe you can sustain it longer if you're very wealthy but you can't sustain it if you're basically only making the average American salary $59,000 a year. You're putting on your credit cards, you got to stop.MACCALLUM: And you say there are certain parts of the country that are very much experiencing the American dream, has become more state by state than ever maybe.O'LEARY: Yes. I think you have to look at the governor of each state setting the tone. They're the CEO, the state. The senators are important but the governors are the CEO of the state, they set the policy up. So the states that I'm doing business in now, Montana, Oklahoma, North Dakota, West Virginia, they have very stable policy that we used to fly over them. And I didn't do anything there.I'm closing all kinds of deals right now in North Dakota with remarkable companies that I'd never even seen before. Really strong work ethic really, really focusing on building business outside of the state. And by doing this, I bring in other capital from outside as well, and tell the story.And then -- that's Doug Burgum State and Kevin Stitt in Oklahoma. I mean, these men care about the state --MACCALLUM: Well, they're former businessman as well who understand how to run a business and how to keep your expenses in line. Speaking of that, you had talked about putting together a group to buy TikTok, can you give us an update on where that is?O'LEARY: Everybody's interested. It's a delicate situation because it's not going to be real until the Senate passes the bill. But there's two stacks of valuation you have to think about. One is the brand, TikTok, and the 170 million users of which there's 5 million American businesses on there, spending $9 billion in trying to acquire customers and sell goods and services. That attracts me a lot.MACCALLUM: You said it's the number one advertising base in the world.O'LEARY: It will. It's one of the largest networks in the world. The problem is, the Chinese are not going to sell the algorithm with the history of these people, their preferences or any data about them. So when people talk about this being $100 billion transaction, no chance. If they're not selling the algorithm, I have to rebuild it from scratch. That's not inexpensive. I think it's more in the $40 billion range if it's going to be a fire sale without the algorithm. But none of this happens till the Senate votes.MACCALLUM: OK. Kevin O'Leary, thank you very much. Wonderful to have you with us today. Good to see you, all right.Coming up, we are in the final stretch of a Republican Senate primary race in Ohio getting a ton of attention right now. Three candidates battle it out to take on Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown in November. He's been there a long time in the first real test of former President Trump's endorsement power in Ohio.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TERRY BRIGMAN, OHIO VOTER: I support Moreno because Trump backed Moreno. And if he's good enough for Trump, he's good enough for me. I trust Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)MACCALLUM: A lot of races to watch out there. We're just hours now from Ohio's Republican Senate primary, the first big test of former President Trump's 2024 endorsement power. Two of the candidates in the three way race holding events in the past hour. They are competing to run against Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown, a contest that could be crucial for the balance of power.Correspondent Mark Meredith reporting live from Cleveland, Ohio. Hi, Mark.MARK MEREDITH, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Martha, good afternoon to you. The story at this hour is that the Ohio Senator primary is truly a toss up and we're watching all three candidates do whatever they can to try to get the vote out today as the election is going to be held in just a few hours. State Senator Matt Dolan is urging voters to see him as a fiscal conservative, but today he also drew contrast with some Republicans vowing, if elected, to spend more money on Ukraine.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MATT DOLAN (R), OHIO STATE SENATOR/SENATE CANDIDATE: But both my opponents are saying we're not going to support Ukraine with any more weapons or ammunition. And my position is this, is that you are safer when Americans - - when our allies and our enemies both know that America is going to keep its promise.(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: Dolan's chief rival in the race, businessman Bernie Moreno, is fully embracing the MAGA movement and former President Trump. Trump endorsed him. Today, Moreno promising if elected to spend more tax dollars here at home.(END VIDEO CLIP)BERNIE MORENO (R), OHIO SENATE CANDIDATE: Now, do you think that we should spend US taxpayer money on Americans or on people in Ukraine?UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKERS (in unison): Americans.MORENO: My two opponents want to send all of our money to Ukraine, whatever it takes.(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: We're also watching Secretary of State Frank LaRose's campaign. He's talking a lot about his past military service in the army. And he says if sent to Washington, he'd make history.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)FRANK LAROSE (R), OHIO SECRETARY OF STATE/SENATE CANDIDATE: I'll be the first Green Beret to ever serve in the US Senate and in history, that special ops experience will be valuable. But I'll be the only one out of hundred members in that chamber that still serves as a reservist.(END VIDEO CLIP)MEREDITH: And this race while closes, also going to be a test, as you mentioned, Martha, not only a former President Trump's political strength, or whether or not Republicans can unite behind the nominee after such a bruising primary, because this is a race that a lot of people are going to watch.MACCALLUM: Indeed. Mark, quick question for you. Obviously, Ohio has been pretty red in recent races. What's your sense for the enthusiasm on the ground for this primary race? Are people paying attention?MEREDITH: I talked to a state party official earlier has said that turnout has actually been lower in early voting than maybe some were expecting. But, Martha, you got to remember now that the presidential race is settled, maybe we won't have that excitement about people coming to the polls tomorrow. But these candidates, they're spending a lot of money to try to get people to go vote.MACCALLUM: Oh boy, there's going to be a lot of focus on the Senate as we get closer to all of this. So thank you for cluing us into that race in Ohio. Mark, good to see you as always. Mark Meredith reporting from Cleveland today.So that is "The Story" for this Monday, March the 18th. And "The Story" goes on. We look forward to seeing you back here tomorrow. Have a great evening, everybody. We've got some good podcasts coming out. Check out our latest podcasts wherever with download podcasts for the "Untold Story." And I will see you back here tomorrow. Your World gets started right about now. Dow, looks like it's closing in green territory today. Stay tuned for more on that coming up.