DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And then they went to the -- to their guidance counselor and changed their major.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. Those are your future doctors, everyone. And I think -- I'm sorry, Dana. Tomorrow night you'll get it.That's it for us. Have a great night, everybody! But see you tomorrow night at 5:00.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hey, Judge, those C-section videos are gross. They really are. OK --PIRRO: Have you seen them?BAIER: No. I'm just joking. All right --PIRRO: You've been an eyewitness.BAIER: I have. There you go. Thanks, Judge.Well, good evening. I'm Bret Baier. We're coming to you tonight from the Fox News Los Angeles Bureau.The TikTok time bomb. The House passes legislation that could ban the wildly popular social media app if it doesn't divest from Chinese ownership. So, what now will the Senate do?Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen tells Fox News in an exclusive interview, she regrets saying inflation was transitory.And major turbulence for Boeing. The airplane maker experiences the latest in a series of mechanical problems. What that company is doing to try to fix the situation?But first, breaking tonight, it's official. Next stop, the party's conventions in the 2024 Presidential Race. Both current President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump mathematically clinched their party's nominations with easy primaries season wins last night. Right now, we have new Fox polling we're releasing at this moment from two swing states.The former president leads in two swing states he lost in 2020. Former President Trump holding a 49-45 lead over President Biden in Arizona. And his advantage is two points, 49-47 in the crucial swing state of Pennsylvania. We have Fox team coverage of the presidential race tonight.Jacqui Heinrich is at the White House with the President's first public comment since wrapping the nomination up. But first up, Correspondent Bill Melugin outside the Trump compound in West Palm Beach, Florida this evening. Good evening, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening to you. Both President Biden and former President Donald Trump have now locked in enough delegates to be their party's respective nominees. And they are not wasting any time getting out on the campaign trail.President Biden in Wisconsin today, while Donald Trump is going to be in Ohio this weekend and he is urging his supporters to not get complacent.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We're not going to take time to celebrate. We'll celebrate in eight months when the election is over.MELUGIN (voiceover): Former President Donald Trump has officially passed a delegate threshold to be the presumptive Republican nominee, putting him on track to face President Biden again in the first presidential rematch since 1956. And Republicans are rallying.GOV. GLENN YOUNGKIN (R-VA): Last week I endorsed President Trump. We need - - we need real leadership in this nation. We can't have another four years of Joe Biden. We know that.MELUGIN (voiceover): But Democrats are emboldened with the DNC saying in part, Trump's out of touch ultra MAGA agenda already cost him one election and his attempts to double down on the same unpopular policies will make him a loser yet again this November. But new Fox News polling in two key battleground states shows this is going to be neck and neck.In the border state of Arizona, Biden leads Hispanics by six points within the margin of error. Amongst women, Biden only leads by two points. In Pennsylvania, Trump leads Biden by double digits in handling of both the economy and the border. But in a poll that includes Independent Robert F. Kennedy Jr., both Trump and Biden see their support drop with Kennedy getting nine to 10 percent.RFK Jr. said on Fox Tuesday that this is now a "three-person race" and urge both Biden and Trump to debate.ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR. (I), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: My intention is to hurt both of them. Both of them would actually win the prize for the least popular candidate in history of a major political party.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And Bret, RFK Jr. has said that he has decided on his running mate. He is going to announce who that person is in Oakland, California on March 26. Two of the names he's thrown out there as for consideration, NFL Quarterback Aaron Rogers currently on the New York Jets, and former Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura. We'll wait to see what happens on March 26. We'll send it back to you.BAIER: One of those would be tough for Jets fans, but we'll see. Bill Melugin live in West Palm Beach. Bill thanks.Growing concerns tonight among Democrats that President Biden is losing ground among some of his key support groups. You saw some of that in those polls. White House Correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has that part of the story tonight live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jacqui.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. In swing state Wisconsin, President Biden is working on his appeal to voting blocks where he's losing ground. Tonight, he assailed Republicans for voting against investments that helped Black and Latino families. And Biden said his own involvement in the Civil Rights Movement is what motivated him to run for office in the first place.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Today, we're making decisions to transform your lives decades to come.HEINRICH (voiceover): At the Boys and Girls Club of Milwaukee, President Biden announcing millions in funding from a $3.3 billion pot for 40 states aimed at building green spaces, sidewalks, bridges, and bike lanes to correct racial injustice.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Historic investments in transportation infrastructure, especially highway construction cut too many Americans off from opportunity, dividing and demolishing communities and perpetrating economic and racial injustices. The president is committed to writing those wrongs and reconnecting those communities.HEINRICH (voiceover): It comes as Democrats watch a waning advantage among Black and Hispanic voters with people of color connected to the Civil Rights Movement outpaced by younger generations, and the GOP becoming more aligned with the middle class. New Fox polls still have Biden leading Trump among non-White voters in swing state Pennsylvania and up 12 points among urban voters in Arizona.CELINDA LAKE, POLLSTER: I think the key voting group are going to be the people that dislike both of these candidates. When pushed, they vote for Joe Biden. That's the secret sauce.HEINRICH (voiceover): But the Financial Times writes the Democrats shrinking non-White advantage shouldn't be so surprising calling it "not so much natural Democrats becoming disillusioned, but natural Republicans realizing they've been voting for the wrong party, citing the larger slice of Blacks and Hispanics who long identified as Democrats but believe in gun rights and small government."Senator Joe Manchin has been pushing Biden to move toward the center.SEN. JOE MANCHIN (D-WV): This is not how you're going to get reelected. His staff has pushed him so far left.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): President Biden stopped by a campaign office in Milwaukee where he called Trump a loser again, part of a recent strategy to get under his opponent's skin. Biden said, a lot of you helped me in 2020 to make sure he's a loser and we're going to make sure we do it again. Bret?BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich live in the North Law. Jacqui, thanks.The President's son, Hunter Biden, is declining an invitation to attend an open hearing before a House committee next week. His attorney calls the appearance before the panel conducting an impeachment probe of his father, a blatant planned event for the media. That is an obvious attempt to throw a Hail Mary pass, in his words, after the game has ended. Three former Hunter Biden business associates have also been asked to testify.A federal judge has tentatively set a trial date for Hunter Biden in the case involving the 2018 gun purchase. Judge Maryellen Noreika says she will pencil in the week of June 3rd. The President's son was indicted last year for allegedly lying on a federal firearm form when he answered no to a question about having a drug addiction. The trial is expected to last two weeks. Hunter Biden is also heading to trial at the end of June on tax charges here in California.Stocks were mixed today as chip makers tumbled on bond -- and bond yields climbed ahead of inflation data. The Dow gained 38. The S&P 500 was off 10. The Nasdaq lost 88.The President's Treasury Secretary says the trend for inflation is heading in the right direction, but there's still a long way to go. Edward Lawrence of Fox Business spoke exclusively with Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen today.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)EDWARD LAWRENCE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen on a spending tour in Elizabethtown, Kentucky. She toured an E.V. battery housing maker utilizing tax breaks in the Inflation Reduction Act.JANET YELLEN, U.S. TREASURY SECRETARY: America's growth isn't meaningful if the gains are not shared.LAWRENCE (voiceover): She sat for an exclusive interview covering a range of topics starting with inflation.LAWRENCE: You did say that inflation was transitory. Do you regret saying that now?YELLEN: I regret saying it was transitory. It has come down, but I think transitory means a few weeks or months to most people.LAWRENCE (voiceover): In the latest CPI inflation report, overall prices are up 18.5 percent from the month President Biden came into office.LAWRENCE: If you go back and look at month over month, December, January, and February, it showed an increase of inflation. Is inflation coming back?YELLEN: Well, inflation is down almost two-thirds from the high it reached in 2022, and the trend is clearly a favorable one.LAWRENCE (voiceover): Secretary Yellen defending President Biden's proposed budget which calls for removing tax rebates and tax increases on corporations as well as billionaires.LAWRENCE: Can you tax your way into prosperity?YELLEN: Well, look, I think deficits we need to be on a fiscally sustainable path. And it's important to bring down deficits. It's also critically important to invest in the economy in ways that will be felt all through America.LAWRENCE (voiceover): On the controversy over the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network or FinCEN urging banks to search for certain words in credit card transactions, she claims it's a suggestion.LAWRENCE: Does FinCEN still routinely ask banks to scan for certain terms?YELLEN: It doesn't require them scan for particular words, but it works with banks and suggests ways in which they may be able to detect illicit payments.LAWRENCE: Does it include GoFundMe and Eventbrite with the list of words, you know --YELLEN: I'm certainly not aware of anything.(END VIDEOTAPE)LAWRENCE (on camera): The Treasury Department is still investigating the legality of the practice and a Treasury official tells us that this all started under the Trump Administration. Bret?BAIER: Edward Lawrence, thanks.The House has approved legislation requiring owners of the TikTok social media app to sever their relationship with China or to be banned in this country. Congressional Correspondent Aishah Hasnie has reaction from Capitol Hill tells us what the next move is for this measure.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)SUMMER LUCILLE, CONTENT CREATOR, TIKTOK: I want President Biden and all the politicians to know this will heavily influence on how I vote from today and for the rest of my life.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): Outrage tonight from young people on TikTok.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The Yays are 352, the Nays are 65.HASNIE (voiceover): After the House overwhelmingly passed a bill that could lead to banning the popular app.REP. MIKE GALLAGHER (R-WI): The number we posted today I think makes it impossible for the Senate to ignore.HASNIE (voiceover): TikTok slamming lawmakers fast-tracking the process saying the bill was jammed through for one reason. It's a ban.REP. HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D-NY): I don't support a ban on TikTok. The legislation did not ban TikTok.HASNIE (voiceover): As the House defends its action, which gives a platform six months to cut its China ties, the bill's path in the Senate remains unclear. Senate Intel Chair Mark Warner and Vice Chair Marco Rubio now endorse the legislation, as does the White House.JEAN-PIERRE: We want to see the Senate take swift action.HASNIE (voiceover): But majority leader Chuck Schumer with a lukewarm response saying only that the upper chamber will review the House bill. There's also now potential for a standoff between the two chambers over foreign aid as some Senate Democrats suggest the House should show more urgency with that bipartisan package.HASNIE: Is there any concern that they hold this bill hostage in the Senate for that bill in the House?REP. ABIGAIL SPANBERGER (D-VA): You'll have to -- I'll defer to Senator Schumer on this.(END VIDEOTAPE)HASNIE (on camera): And Bret, not surprising, China is also weighing in now on this TikTok legislation. Foreign Ministry spokesman today said this. The move damages normal international economic and trade order and further goes on to say that the U.S. is only going to hurt itself in the long run. Bret?BAIER: More on this with the panel. Aishah Hasnie on the Hill. Aishah, thanks.Up next, as tensions rise in Haiti, a U.S. Marines anti-terrorism unit heads there to secure the U.S. embassy. We'll bring you there. And later, former President Trump gets a partial win from a Georgia judge while still awaiting word on D.A. Fani Willis's fate.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: U.S. military officials say a marine anti-terrorism unit has now been deployed to protect the American embassy in Haiti. This happens as violent gangs continuing to generate unrest in the Caribbean nation's capital, some saying it's a low-level Civil War already.Correspondent Steve Harrigan has the latest from Fort Pierce, Florida tonight. Good evening, Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.Some very different U.S. reactions to the growing cast in Haiti. So far, the U.S. embassy in Port-au-Prince remains open, having been reinforced once again by U.S. Marines. Secretary of state said today that he is hoping for free, fair, democratic elections in Haiti as quickly as possible.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANTONY BLINKEN, UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: We need to see a transition to elections, to a clear return to a democratic path. We need assistance, humanitarian assistance, development assistance. So, the economy can get built up.HARRIGAN (voiceover): It's clear though from the violent scenes around Port-au-Prince that the country is no way even close to being ready to hold elections. That city is now 80 percent under the control of organized violent gangs.They have attacked the airport. That means no flights coming or going. They have also attacked multiple prisons, setting free thousands of prisoners. How many U.S. citizens are stranded in violence in Haiti? No one knows for sure at this point.Cory Mills, the Florida congressman organized a helicopter trip on Tuesday. He rescued 10 U.S. missionaries. He said the Biden administration is offering no help to Americans stuck in Haiti.REP. CORY MILLS (R-FL): If Americans are abroad, and they're in trouble, I'm going to come to their aid. And if Biden's not willing to do his job, I'll do it for him.(END VIDEO CLIP)HARRIGAN: Right now, the plan is for the U.S. to spend $300 million on Kenyan peacekeepers. The problem though is the Kenyans don't want to go. They don't want to go until there is an actual Haitian government on the ground in Haiti. Something which right now doesn't exist.And finally, Florida's governor, Ron DeSantis has deployed more than 250 members of the National Guard and other agencies to the Florida Keys in preparation for what could be a massive influx of Haitians. Bret, back to you.BAIER: Steve, thank you.Secretary of State Antony Blinken says the U.S. needs to see a plan before Israel conducts its promised incursion into Rafah in search of Hamas terrorists.It is just the latest sign of tension between the two allies over the treatment of Palestinians in Gaza.Correspondent Trey Yingst has details from Tel Aviv tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)TREY YINGST, FOX NEWS CHANNEL FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): A 13-year- old Palestinian launches a firework before he shot dead by Israeli security forces. Three days into the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. Five Palestinians have been killed in separate security incidents.KOBI SHABTAI, ISRAELI POLICE COMMISSIONER (through translator): We are at a very sensitive and challenging time. Too many extreme elements try to incite the atmosphere in the field as well on social media and in other ways.YINGST (voiceover): The rising internal tension comes 159 days into the war between Israel and Hamas. There is a growing rift between what the Americans and the Israelis think the next phase of the war should look like, and how to deescalate the region.The Biden administration is urging restraint when it comes to the Israeli military operating in Gaza's southernmost city of Rafah. Israeli officials are urging action.BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER, ISRAEL (through translator): So, to our friends in the international community, I say this. You cannot say you support Israel's right to exist and to defend itself, and then, oppose Israel when it exercises that right.YINGST (voiceover): With daylight between the positions, U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken, held a briefing Wednesday, laying out the current American position.BLINKEN: Given the large number of civilians that are now in Rafah, many of them displaced from other parts of Gaza, about 1.4 million.We need to see a plan that will get civilians out of harm's way if there is to be a military operation in Rafah.(END VIDEOTAPE)YINGST (on camera): In a briefing this afternoon, the Israeli military's top spokesperson explained that plans are being developed to evacuate all Palestinian civilians from Rafah ahead of the expected offensive operation. Bret?BAIER: Trey, Thank you. Up next, even though they cannot legally vote, illegal immigrants can still have a significant effect on elections.I'll tell you how. First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. Ukrainian officials say a Russian missile struck -- strike has killed four people and wounded 43, including 12 children. The attack took place Tuesday night in central Ukraine, in President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's hometown.Tonight, also, Russian President Vladimir Putin is warning he is ready to use nuclear weapons if his country's sovereignty or independence is threatened.An explosion caused by a suspect -- a suspected gas leak rips through a building in northern China. Officials say, at least, two people were killed, 26 others injured. The blast occurring earlier this morning at a fried chicken shop.And this is a live look at Lisbon, Portugal. One of the big stories there tonight. European Union lawmakers give final approval to a law regulating artificial intelligence. The rules are scheduled to take effect later this year. They would require generating A.I. models such as ChatGPT and mitigate risks -- to mitigate risks and also put cybersecurity measures in place. That law passing the E.U.So, some of the other stories "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Tonight, three men from Kansas City, Missouri are facing firearms charges relating to the mass shooting during the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl parade and rally.Federal prosecutors say 12 people had firearms that day, at least six fired weapons at the February 14th event. One woman died, nearly two dozen other people were injured.Two other men had been charged with second-degree murder and several weapons counts."BREAKING TONIGHT", there's been a major decision in the election interference case against former President Trump in Georgia. The judge there overseeing the matter has dismissed several charges against the former president and some of his codefendants. Correspondent Jonathan Serrie is in Atlanta with the latest on that.Good evening, Jonathan.JONATHAN SERRIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Yes. Good evening, Bret.Judge Scott McAfee has struck down six counts against former President Trump and five of his former associates. They include his former Chief of Staff Mark Meadows and attorneys, Rudy Giuliani, John Eastman, Ray Smith, and Bob Cheeley.The dismissed charges relate to allegations the defendants tried to persuade Georgia elected officials to violate their oaths of office and overturn Mr. Trump's narrow defeat in the state's 2020 presidential election. According to Judge McAfee, as written, these six counts contain all the essential elements of the crimes, but fail to allege sufficient detail regarding the nature of their commission.ALINA HABBA, ATTORNEY FOR FORMER PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: It goes to the sloppiness of, frankly, the prosecutors down there.SERRIE: If District Attorney Fani Willis chooses not to appeal the judge's decision, legal scholars say she could try a simpler case on the 35 remaining charges. But the six counts in question are really at the heart of her legal theory.ANTHONY KREIS, GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY: These are the one set of charges that speak to the Constitution and to the constitutional order and to the heart of democracy, which I think is what's been motivating Fani Willis all along.JONATHAN TURLEY, GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY LAW PROFESSOR: These counts could be essentially revived if they want to go back to the grand jury, but that will eat up calendar space. It may make it difficult to try the case before the election.(END VIDEO TAPE)SERRIE (on camera): Judge McAfee is still considering a defense motion to have Willis disqualified from prosecuting the cases because of her romantic relationship with Nathan Wade, one of the prosecutors she hired. In an interview with WSB radio, the judge said that his decision on this would be nonpolitical and that he intends to hold himself to a self-imposed deadline of ruling by this Friday. Bret?BAIER: Jonathan Serrie in Atlanta. Jonathan, thanks.South Dakota Governor, Republican Governor Kristi Noem is facing a lawsuit over a social media video she posted promoting a Texas dentist. An advocacy group is alleging the video was a false and deceptive advertisement. The post features Noem talking about restorative work years after several teeth were knocked out during a bicycle accident.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KRISTI NOEM, (R) SOUTH DAKOTA: For years, I have needed to have an adjustment to my teeth from a biking accident.I think that I chose the team here at Smile Texas because they are the best.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: South Dakota dentists say there are dentists there. Noem did not mention the video was an ad or otherwise paid promotion, an apparent violation of Federal Trade Commission guidance. There has been no comment yet from the governor's office.A Senate committee will hold a hearing tomorrow on a proposal by Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders to establish a standard 32-hour workweek in the U.S. The change would come no loss in pay. The Independent, self-described democratic socialist senator from Vermont says it would be an important step toward ensuring workers share in the massive increase in productivity driven by artificial intelligence, automation, and new technology.Tonight, we look at the impact on elections that illegal immigrants may have. Senior national correspondent Rich Edson tells us why they cannot legally vote, they may have significant influence nonetheless.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: It guides trillions in annual spending and determines the number of Electoral College votes and House representatives for each state. That's a lot of political power. Once a decade, the United States census counts nearly everyone living here, citizen or not, legally or not.SEN. BILL HAGERTY, (R-TN): It's their ability to count illegal immigrants so that they can use their sanctuary cities in blue states to get more power.EDSON: Last week Republican Senator Bill Haggerty offered amendment to a funding bill to ensure the census only factors American citizens into the count for congressional districts and the Electoral College map. It failed and no Democrat supported it. They maintain the amendment was unconstitutional and it would have sunk the spending bill, and accused Republicans of trying to change the census to boost their national power.SEN. PATTY MURRAY, (D-WA): This amendment adds detrimental new requirements that would inject politics into the census and have a chilling effect on the Census Bureau's constitutional responsibility to count the number of people in the United States.EDSON: Republicans say they will keep trying to get their bill through a divided Congress ahead of the 2030 census. They argue record levels of migration are offsetting population losses in largely progressive states from Americans moving to lower tax, more conservative states. In 2020, Pew Research studied the potential effects of excluding unauthorized immigrants from a census count. It found California, Florida, and Texas would each end up with one fewer congressional seat, and Alabama, Minnesota, and Ohio would each hold on to a seat.(END VIDEO TAPE)EDSON (on camera): The government dropped citizenship questions from the 1960 census. For 2020 the Trump administration tried to restore a citizenship question to the form. In a five-four decision, the Supreme Court essentially blocked that initiative. Bret?BAIER: Rich, thanks.Up next, from Los Angeles, we take a look how this state is poised to become the first state in the nation to base electricity rates on income and what that means.Plus, big trouble for Boeing.First, here's what some of our FOX affiliates around the country are covering tonight. FOX 2 in Detroit with jury deliberations in the trial of James Crumbley, the father of the teenager who killed four students at a Michigan high school in 2021. James Crumbley is charged with four counts of involuntary manslaughter. His wife has already been found guilty of the same charges. The son, Ethan Crumbley, was sentenced to life without parole.FOX 43 in Norfolk as Dollar Tree announces it will close nearly 1,000 U.S. stores after suffering a significant quarterly loss. The closings will occur over the next several years as the leases expire.And this is a live look at Boston College from Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. One of the big stories there tonight from WFXT as the sun sets in Boston, Massachusetts Governor Maura Healey says she will issue pardons for tens of thousands of people convicted of misdemeanor marijuana charges. Some of the cases go back decades. The pardons only take effect if the governor's counselor approves Healey's decision.That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Additional troubles for aircraft maker Boeing tonight. Several incidents have put that company on the defensive. Correspondent Dan Springer has details tonight from Seattle. Good evening, Dan.DAN SPRINGER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. The barrage of bad news just keeps coming for Boeing with a series of mechanical problems and a troubling federal audit. In just the last few days, 50 passengers bound for New Zealand were injured in the Boeing 787 dream liner they were on suddenly dropped, sending people crashing into the roof of the plane. LATAM Airline says it was a, quote, technical event. One of the passengers says a pilot came back to the cabin and said that his instrument panel went black for a second or two and there was nothing he could do. Investigators will look into the possibility of a power failure.On Monday, a United Airlines flight headed to San Francisco had to return to Sydney. Passengers saw smoke coming from the landing gear of the Boeing 777. A flight leaving San Francisco, also a 777, had one of its wheels fall off after takeoff. It ended up crashing into several cars parked near the airport. And last Friday another Boeing plane had to make an emergency landing in Los Angeles after a hydraulics system failure.All this follows the January incident when a door plug blew off a Boeing 737 Max-9 after leaving Portland. That triggered a safety audit by the Federal Aviation administration, and it found dozens of failures on the part of Boeing and its contractor that makes the fuselage. In one case engineers from Spirit AeroSystems were seen using a hotel key to check a door seal. Boeing failed 33 of 89 product audits. Spirit failed seven of 13.Boeing has taken full responsibility for that door plug blowout and the fired the guy who the head of the 737 program. But these problems persist and they are in major damage control over these quality concerns. Bret?BAIER: We'll follow this. Dan Springer in Seattle. Dan, thanks.Out here, California may soon become the first state to charge electricity customers based on how much money they earn. National correspondent William La Jeunesse is here in Los Angeles with that story tonight.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)KAMALA HARRIS, (D) VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Clean energy is just less expensive.JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: It's also not cheaper to generate electricity from wind to solar than it is from coal and oil.SHON HIATT, UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA: Renewable energy is not cheaper than natural gas or coal or other types of base load energy.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: That debate is playing out in America's wind and solar capital, California, where the average electric bill is $261 a month.HIATT: The problem with intermittent vehicles is that they are not on all the time.LA JEUNESSE: Californians pay 32 cents a kilowatt hour, almost twice the national average of 18 cents.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Electricity rates have skyrocketed throughout the state.LA JEUNESSE: Leading the charge, Governor Gavin Newsom, mandating 90 percent clean electricity by 2035.GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM, (D) CALIFORNIA: We see a fossil-free future.CROWD: Clean energy!LA JEUNESSE: But to pay for the new plants, batteries, and transmission lines, the state plans to bill customers not just for the power they use but also based on their income.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This doesn't make sense.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This makes it cheaper to consume more electricity.LA JEUNESSE: Households earning more than $70,000 could pay an extra $73 a month on top of their electric bill.(END VIDEO TAPE)LA JEUNESSE (on camera): So Democrats and Governor Newsom adopted this policy about two years ago. Now there's blowback within their own party, mostly from deep blue coastal areas angry about the surcharge, in fairness, but also because now every state rate payer will have to annually turn over or disclose their tax returns just to pay their electric bill.BAIER: That's amazing. So what's the timeline on this?LA JEUNESSE: The deadline is July 1st, but all these renegade Democrats who voted for it two years ago, because of the pushback, are trying to repeal the law this year.BAIER: All right, this is one to follow. Good to see you.Up next from here in Los Angeles, our panel discusses the latest FOX News polls on the presidential election that's now locked in. Plus, TikTok's ticking timebomb. And later, one Girl Scout is record-setting a lot of cookies being sold.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: My predecessor failed the most basic of any duty a president owes the American people, a duty to care.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: If you are a disillusioned Democrat, I extend an open hand, an open invitation, and I ask you to join us on the noble quest of saving our country.(APPLAUSE)JIM MESSINA, FORMER OBAMA CAMPAIGN MANAGER: The easiest pathway for Joe Biden is to win those three Midwestern states the Democrats have won six out of the last seven elections.KAROLINE LEAVITT, TRUMP 2024 NATIONAL PRESS SECRETARY: There is no greater contrast between Donald Trump's America versus Joe Biden's America, and this general election is well underway.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: It is, indeed. The stage is set. The two nominees clinching mathematically last night. "Wall Street Journal" writes it this way, "High stakes rematch is set as Biden, Trump clinch party nominations. Having clinched the nominations Biden and Trump will be running in the first presidential election since 1956 featuring a rematch while also ensuring a race that will offer voters a stark choice between candidates very different demeanors and agendas. For months there has been little uncertainty about their eventual selection, a pairing of elderly candidates most Americans don't want."These are a look at the battleground states that likely it will come down to as we have seen every time. We have new polls out tonight in the state of Pennsylvania. As you see our poll showing Donald Trump with a two-point advantage over President Biden and then where that state was on election night 2020. And then in Arizona, again, 49-45 for the former president. And there you see the numbers in 2020.With that, let's bring in our panel, FOX NEWS AT NIGHT anchor Trace Gallagher, FOX News contributor Steven Hilton, and Leslie Marshall, Democratic strategist. Trace, thanks for the seat in the studio tonight.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: You are welcome, Bret.BAIER: You know, it is -- everybody saw it coming. It was going to come. But now that it's here, it's going to be the longest general election we have ever seen. It's quite something.GALLAGHER: It is. And you look at the Arizona poll that you just put up there and it's fascinating because it's our neighbor state here in California, and you look at things and then you look down the poll at the underlying things, and it's fascinating to me that this year you see that Donald Trump is doing very well with women. He is doing very well with Hispanics.And then you look at the top two issues. He is dominating on the border. He is dominating on the economy in Arizona. And those are powerful things for him. I mean, can you look at Pennsylvania, and many have said, look, if Biden loses Pennsylvania it's over anyway. But you chip away at things like Arizona and it's a big deal for Democrats, and they have to be looking at the numbers of Hispanics and women, thinking, uh-oh, this is battle we have to get back in.BAIER: And that is an alert we have heard from Democrats, Leslie, about those demographics. To Trace's point in Arizona, trust more on immigration if you look at this poll, 58-38 now the former president over President Biden. And you look at where it was in 2020. And then in Pennsylvania, issues important to voters, the economy, 61 percent, election integrity 55 percent, immigration there at 52 percent.LESLIE MARSHALL, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Look, just look at these numbers now, and we know any poll is a snapshot in time. We have seen one week to the next they gain a point on each other, and it goes back down. We knew it would be a tight race when we were looking at a potential rematch.As a Democrat, I have constantly said that my party has not paid as much attention and done as much on immigration as they could, and that could hurt them in a state like Arizona which typically has been red, which Joe Biden flipped. And can he do it again? Yes. But I think it is going to be harder because in Arizona, specifically, because of immigration.However, there are some things that benefit Joe Biden. In Arizona, you have a large elderly population. You have a large senior population. And they are tending, 65 plus are tending to favor Joe Biden because it's not just about Biden and Trump. It's about, are Republicans going to take my Social Security? Are Republicans going to take my Medicare?When we shoot over to Pennsylvania, in Pennsylvania, if I had to go to Vegas, I would say is he going to get Pennsylvania. And the reason I say that is not just hopeful. When you look at the numbers of women, and I think more women are going to come out, and we saw that with Ohio, we saw that in the midterms when abortion comes front and center for a lot of states that aren't border states like Pennsylvania.BAIER: And clearly --GALLAGHER: A small bet.BAIER: A small bet. Not everything in, not everything in?Meantime, Steven, the third party possibility, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. He is still polling pretty well. This is Representative Auchincloss from Massachusetts warning about this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAKE AUCHINCLOSS, (D-MA): This election is going to be a near run thing. It's going to come down to a few states. It's going to come down to a couple hundred thousand voters. So any third candidate, especially with a last name like Kennedy, poses a significant challenge. Democrats are absolutely taking it seriously, especially in the swing where he could be decisive.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: All right, so you look at that Pennsylvania poll, and again, it is a snapshot in time. But when you put Kennedy in there, it goes to tied, not the former president up. And a lot of people are saying is he going to take away from President Biden, but in that one he takes away from Trump.STEVEN HILTON, FOX NEWS HOST: That's right. And that's why there's been lot of interest in his vice presidential pick --BAIER: March 26th.HILTON: -- and all of that. So you can see that there is something there for both sides to be nervous about. But I think what is really interesting about the fact that we have this race that's now set, as you said, many people have made the point that essentially you have two incumbents, very unusual situation, two incumbents effectively running against each other.The thing that actually neither of them really can change is their record. And actually, if you look at the Trump record, set against the Biden record, Trump wins on all the issues, as Trace was saying. And so really for Trump, whether or not the third party is a really big factor, if he can keep the conversation on the substance, on the issues, and on his record, I think these numbers are going to, if anything, going more and more in his direction.BAIER: Yes. And it's also unprecedented in that he will be in court for most of the days coming forward.Meantime, TikTok and this piece of legislation passes the House. It is not a ban on TikTok. It is a ban if the company does not divest from Chinese ownership. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. CHIP ROY, (R-TX): The bill is not a ban. It forces foreign adversaries, including Chinese Communists, to divest.REP. NANCY PELOSI, (D-CA): It's an attempt to make TikTok better.REP. THOMAS MASSIE, (R-KY) HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE: Some of us just don't want the president picking which apps we can put on our phones.REP. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI, (D-IL) HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE: They use geolocation data targeting minor children to then force them to call congressional offices. This influence campaign illustrates the need for this bill.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: This is an amazing compilation of strange bedfellows in both against, warning about national security, and for fighting for free speech and not coming down on different companies. What's your thought?GALLAGHER: Yes, listen, I trust the intel people when they say that TikTok is taking all this information, absorbing it, especially from young people, and maybe using it for nefarious deeds with the Chinese government. But we don't have enough information. My skeptical curiosity as a journalist is, what happens if they divest, they give it to a new company, what happens to all the information then? Where does it go?And moreover, in this bill, shouldn't we also find out -- if we're going after the information being gleaned from TikTok, should we not also find out what's happening from our information that's being gleaned by Facebook and by Google, all that stuff. Why shouldn't we find out more about that information, because they are also using it for whatever purposes they choose.BAIER: We don't know how the Senate is going to handle it, but the White House is saying the president would sign it if it came to his desk. "New York Times" headline, "Biden, the president, wants to curb TikTok. Biden, the candidate, embraces its stars," and also posts campaign stuff on there.MARSHALL: Yes. I don't think -- there is not a ban on TikTok, right? And this legislation has just come up, like you said, not just strange bed fellows. It's very rare that we have such agreement with these numbers. So look, you go even further with TikTok. Something very interesting is, have you ever seen what TikTok in China is?HILTON: Totally different.MARSHALL: Right. It empowers young people. It builds them up. It's positive, and it's very pro-China. Not here in the United States. We have seen the psychological effects and we're hearing even more. I have two teenagers, believe me. The --BAIER: Trust me, I finally got them off.MARSHALL: What does it do to the brain? What does it do to the attention span? What does it do to our socialization? The list just goes on and on.BAIER: Kevin O'Leary, he is in the mix to bid on this if it comes this way. Maybe he makes it a great thing like China's.HILTON: Look, the thing that is at the heart of this is the point that Leslie just made, which is that in the end TikTok is not actually a social media platform in the way that we think of the others. It is a media outlet, because it's controlled by an editor. Now, the editorial decisions are implemented through algorithm in a technological way, but it is controlled by an editorial brain, and that brain is in Beijing. And it is feeding propaganda and disruption into our society. And that is the key concern.And so we would never allow it. It's illegal for a foreign government, let alone a hostile one, to own a U.S. media outlet. The Chinese regime couldn't buy FOX News or "The New York Times," and we shouldn't let them control TikTok, either.BAIER: OK. Thanks a lot. Good to be here. See you soon.OK, tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, legendary college football coach Nick Saban from Alabama joins to us talk about college athletes on the payroll. That's an exclusive interview you will see here.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. It's been a busy week. It's only halfway down. THE INGRAHAM ANGLE is next.