SEN. KATIE BRITT (R--AL): She was brutally murdered by one of the millions of illegal border crossers President Biden chose to release into our homeland.You know, as a mom, I can't quit thinking about this. I mean, this could have been my daughter. This could have been yours.And tonight, President Biden finally said her name. But he refused to take responsibility for his own actions.Mr. President, enough is enough. Innocent Americans are dying, and you only have yourself to blame. Fulfill your oath of office, reverse your policies, end this crisis, and stop the suffering.Sadly, we know President Biden's failures don't stop there. His reckless spending dug our economy into a hole and sent the cost--of--living through the roof.We have the worst inflation in 40 years, and the highest credit card debt in our nation's history. What that's he done?Hardworking families are struggling to make ends meet today. And with soaring mortgage rates and sky--high childcare costs, they are also struggling to plan for tomorrow.The American people are scraping by while President proudly proclaims that Bidenomics is working! Goodness you all, bless his heart. We know better.I'll never forget stopping at a gas station in Chilton County one evening. The gentleman working the counter told me that after retiring, he had to pick up a job in his 70s, so, he didn't have to choose between going hungry or going without his medication.He said, I did everything right, I did everything I was told to do. I worked hard, I saved, I was responsible.He's not alone. I hear similar concerns from fellow parents. Whether I am walking with my friends or at one my kids' games.But let's be honest -- it's been a minute since Joe Biden pumped gas, ran a carpool, or even pushed a grocery cart. Meanwhile, the rest of us see every day that our dollar and we know it doesn't go as far. We see it every day.And despite what he tells you, our communities are not safer.For years, the left has coddled criminals and defunded the police -- all while letting repeat offenders walk free.The result is tragic but foreseeable -- from our small towns to America's most iconic city streets, life is getting more and more dangerous.Unfortunately, President Biden's weakness isn't just hurting families here at home. He is making us a punchline on the world stage.Where I am from, your word is your bond. But for three years, this president has demonstrated that America's word doesn't mean what it used to.From abandoning our allies in his disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan to desperately pushing another dangerous deal with Iran, President Biden has failed. We've become a nation in retreat. And the enemies of freedom see an opportunity.Putin's brutal aggression in Europe has put our allies on the brink. Iran's terrorist proxies have slaughtered Israeli Jews and American citizens. They've targeted commercial shipping. And they've attacked our troops nearly 200 times since October, killing three U.S. soldiers and two Navy SEALs.Meanwhile, the Chinese Communist Party is undercutting America's workers. China is buying up our farmland, spying on our military installations, and spreading propaganda through the likes of TikTok.You see, the CCP knows that if it conquers the minds of our next generation, it conquers America.And what does President Biden do? Well, he bans TikTok for government employees, but creates an account for his own campaign. Well, you can't make this stuff up.Look, we all recall when presidents faced national security threats with strength and resolve. That seems like ancient history. Right now, our commander in chief is not in command.The free world deserves better than a dithering and diminished leader. America deserves leaders who recognize that secure borders, stable prices, safe streets, and a strong defense are actually the cornerstones of a great nation.Just ask yourself, are you better off now than you were three years ago?There is no doubt we're at a crossroads. And it doesn't have to be this way. And we all feel it.But here is the good news: we the people are still in the driver's seat. We get to decide whether our future will grow brighter, or whether we settle for an America in decline.Well, I know which choice our children deserve -- and the choice the Republican Party is fighting for. We are the party of hardworking parents and families. And we want to give you and your children the opportunities to thrive -- and we want families to grow. It's why we strongly support continued nationwide access to invitro fertilization. We want to help loving moms and dads bring precious life into this world.Wesley and I believe there is no greater blessing in life than our children. And that's why tonight, I want to make a direct appeal to the parents out there -- and in particular, to my fellow moms.Many of whom I know, will be up tossing and turning at 2:00 a.m., wondering how they are going to be three places at once tomorrow and somehow still get dinner on the table.First of all, we see you, we hear you, and we stand with you.I know you're frustrated. I know you're probably disgusted by most of what you see going on in Washington. And I'll be really honest with you -- you're not wrong for feeling that way.Look, I get it. The task in front of us isn't an easy one. But I can promise you one thing: it is worth it. So, I am asking you, for the sake of your kids and your grandkids, get into the arena.Every generation has been called to do hard things. American greatness rests in the fact that we always answer that call. It's who we are.Never forget, we are steeped in the blood of patriots who overthrew the most powerful empire in the world.We walk in the footsteps of pioneers who tamed the wild. We now carry forward the same flame of freedom as the liberators of an oppressed Europe. We draw courage from those who bent the moral arc of the universe. And when we gaze upon the heavens, never forget that our DNA contains the same ingenuity that put man on the Moon.America has been tested before, and every single time, we've emerged unbowed and unbroken. Our history has been written with the grit of men and women who got knocked down. But we know their stories because they did not stay down. We are here because they stood back up.So, now, it's our turn -- our moment to stand up and prove ourselves worthy of protecting the American Dream. Together, we can reawaken the heroic spirit of a great nation.Because America, we don't just have a rendezvous with destiny -- we take destiny's hand, and we lead it.Our future starts around kitchen tables just like this. With moms and dads just like you. And you are why I believe with every fiber of my being that despite the current State of our Union, our best days are still ahead.May God bless you, and may God continue to bless these United States of America.(END VIDEOTAPE)MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Katie, Britt, the youngest member of Congress, Republican member of congresswoman, giving the rebuttal which is always a difficult job for all of the loud sort of shouting, yelling that we got from Joe Biden, who's on the other side of the political age group.This was soft, it was strong. She started by saying that Joe Biden's been in office longer than she's been alive. And then she said he doesn't get it. And she went one item after another talking about trafficking, talking about fentanyl.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: Yes.MACCALLUM: All of these issues she talks about and worries about with her family around the table.BAIER: American Dream has turned into a nightmare for American families, talking about fentanyl, talking about the border. A time she said about President Biden, you all, bless his heart.Now, if you're not from the south, that's -- it's not a great thing.MACCALLUM: Yes.BAIER: But she delivered in a speech that's tough to give. And I think that Republicans are going to say this hit all the notes.MACCALLUM: Yes, and does she connect with younger women and groups that definitely needs to be reached. Som, we want to thank all of you for watching with us tonight on Fox News' coverage of the State of the Union address and the Republican response that followed.BAIER: There will be a lot to digest from tonight. A lot of different angles and keep it here on Fox. Good night from Washington. "HANNITY" is next.SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And welcome to HANNITY. We start tonight with a Fox News "ALERT".Tonight, President Joe Biden laid out his radical wish list for America. His speech was so hyped up, it was bizarre. I will not be shouting the whole hour. Frankly, so, at odds with everyday Joe, it's even frightening to me. He spent most of the night shouting, speeding through speech, and clearly overcompensating from the normal everyday Joe that can barely string two sentences together.At times, it became uncomfortable watching him screaming and yelling and speeding through that speech. The AP affectionately called it feisty. I guess that's one way to describe it.Tonight, America saw, let's say a very different Joe Biden, I might call him jacked up, Joe. And that's being charitable. He sounded like a hyper caffeinated, angry old man. We'll have a lot more on that coming up.And in spite of what Joe Biden claimed tonight, sadly, the state of our union is not strong. And sadly, politics was the clear agenda of the President and facts and truth that took a backseat to that radical agenda.This was a DNC political speech. Now, throughout the hour, we will fact check the many falsehoods that the president declared tonight. Biden's address was literally filled up with jacked up Joe screaming lie after lie.So, we begin to unpack the propaganda the misinformation that will likely be ignored by much of the media mob. Let's start with his lies on the economy. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I heard the economy is on the brink. Now, our economy is literally the envy of the world. 50 million new jobs in just three years, a record -- a record.Wages keep going up, inflation keeps coming down. Inflation has dropped from nine percent to three percent, the lowest in the world and trending lower.The landing is and will be soft.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. Here is the truth. Here are the facts. Since Biden took office, cumulative prices have risen over 17 percent. Real hourly wages have only risen 13 percent. 60 percent of our fellow Americans sadly, they are living paycheck to paycheck.Now, costs across the board, they are surging. Groceries are eating up more of the American people's paychecks than they have been over 30 years. In fact, according to a recent study, Americans now need to make $11,400 more to afford the same quality of life that they did in 2021.And his claims about job creation, another lie. In reality, almost 10 million of those jobs are just well, backfield jobs or temporary jobs that were lost during the pandemic.And as we know now, many of those other jobs were part time jobs going to many foreign-born workers that he's led it to this country unvetted illegally.And don't forget, about the Biden supply chain crisis, which has devastated our economy for months on end. But seriously, they are blaming Biden's economic failures on what? Greedy corporations and shrinkflation. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Too many corporations raise prices to pad the profits, charging more and more for less and less. That's our cracking down on corporations engage in price gouging and deceptive pricing, from food to health care to housing.In fact, the snack companies think you won't notice if they change the size of the bag and put a hell of a lot fewer. Same size bag. Put fewer chips in it. No, I'm not joking. It's called shrinkflation.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Americans are feeling the burden of Bidenomics day in and day out. And it's not because there are a few less chips in bags that you might buy. It's because of Joe Biden's failed policies.But this was only the tip of the iceberg in terms of Biden's lies tonight. He went back to his new favorite attack, blaming Republicans for the border crisis he himself created. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: In November, my team began serious negotiation with a bipartisan group of senators. The result was a bipartisan bill with the toughest set of border security forms we've ever seen.Oh, you don't think so?Oh, you don't like that bill?This bill would save lives and bring order the border.It would also give me and any new president new emergency authority to temporarily shut down the border when the number of migrants at the border is overwhelming.The Border Patrol Union has endorsed this bill. The Federal Chamber of Commerce is -- yes, yes, you're saying oh, look at the facts.I know -- I know you know how to read. I believe that given the opportunity for a majority in the House and Senate would endorse the bill as well, a majority right now. But unfortunately, politics has derailed this bill so far.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Wrong again. Since day one, Joe Biden worked to undo every Trump- era policy that he inherited. And he did inherit the most secure border in history. DHS Secretary Mayorkas even bragged about rescinding all the Trump policies that actually work. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS, SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY: So, we have rescinded so many Trump immigration policies, it would take so much time to list them. We rescinded the Remain in Mexico policy. We rescinded, of course, the public charge rule that deprived vulnerable migrants from accessing certain critical life benefits.We have restored the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, the DACA program. We have rescinded so many and have restored so many that he really dismantled.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: With the stroke of a pen, Joe Biden ended Trump's efforts to exclude illegal immigrants from the census. He strengthened DACA, canceled Trump's interior enforcement rule. He stopped construction of the border wall. He extended deportation protections for Liberians, he suspended asylum deals with Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, he ended the Remain in Mexico policy and let Title 42 expire.For three long years, it was Joe Biden his vice president, his department of homeland security secretary, Alejandro Mayorkas, all of their spokespeople, telling you the American people lie after lie telling you the border was secure and telling you the border was closed, which your eyes showed you very differently. That was not the truth and it still isn't. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It sounds to most folks like a crisis.BIDEN: Well, look, it's way down now. We've now gotten control.MAYORKAS: Precisely that the border is closed.Nor could I have been clear and continue to be, so, which is the border is closed.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The United States will continue to enforce our laws and secure our border.MAYORKAS: At the border, we are working to make the border more secure.CHUCK TODD, HOST, MSNBC: You're confident this border is secure?HARRIS: We have a secure border, and that, that is a priority for any nation, including ours in our administration.KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We agree that the border is secure.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And because of that, we now have nearly 10 million unvetted illegal Joe Biden immigrants roaming free around the country, many from our top geopolitical foes, including Russia, China, Iran, Syria, Egypt, Afghanistan. Biden does not need Congress to re implement all of these actions and secure the border. Anyone in the administration that says that, like the president scream tonight, that is flat out lie.Now, that's almost as big a lie as telling us that the border was secure for three years. This isn't a joke. It's sad, and it has severe consequences. Joe Biden has created what is an unmitigated national security crisis. In the words of some former top FBI officials, this is literally an invasion of military age men, he has failed to stand up to our biggest adversaries on every front, there has been no meaningful response to Iran or China's aggression. Our adversaries are watching and they are frankly, laughing at the pathetic and weak leadership that is Joe Biden.Now, in a rather bizarre moment, and that was pretty much the entire speech. Joe also attacked the U.S. Supreme Court. And Supreme Court justices right there to their face. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: State laws banning the freedom to choose, criminalizing doctors, forcing survivors of rape and incest to leave their states to get the treatment they need. Many of you in this chamber and my predecessor are promising to pass a national ban on reproductive freedom.My God, what freedom else would you take away? Look, it's a decision to overturn Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court majority wrote the following. And with all due respect, Justices, women are not without electoral power -- excuse me, electoral or political power. You're about to realize just how much (INAUDIBLE).(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: It is another flat out lie that Republicans want to ban abortion and IVF. And meanwhile, Joe Biden laughably, also tried to play unifier and touted his bipartisan work and take a look at your screen. According to a recent Fox News poll, Joe is failing massively on that front. He's failing on pretty much every issue. Just 26 percent believe he has successfully unified our country. He has not.Joe can't even unite his own party, let alone the country, losing tens of thousands of votes to uncommitted -- the uncommitted option in the Democratic primaries on Tuesday night.And tonight, prior to his speech, well, left his protesters they gathered to blast his stance on the war in Israel. And then, there is the polls, a recent Gallup poll has his approval at just a mere 38 percent. well below the typical 50 percent threshold that incumbent presidents need to win reelection.A recent ABC poll found the staggering 86 percent of you, the American people, think that he is too old to run again. On just about every single issue, Joe Biden is deep under water, he is failing on every single front, and Americans are not by his lies, whether he whispers them or shouts them. Make no mistake, what Joe Biden said tonight, the state of our union under his failed leadership is anything but strong.Here with reaction Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Senator, I promise not to yell at you during this interview. Let's get first your reaction to the style -- everybody knew that Joe had a very big challenge coming into tonight, because -- and we'll show tapes throughout the night of his cognitive decline.Clearly, well, jacked up Joe, perhaps over compensated and I think that's being charitable. What was your reaction to that?SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Look, I think tonight was astonishing. I've never seen anything like it. It was a campaign speech. But it was an exceptionally bad campaign speech. Joe Biden was angry. He was bitter. He was screaming as you noted the entire night. He was radical and extreme. And he was completely out of touch with the American people. Frankly, tonight Joe Biden reminded me like an angry old man standing on his porch screaming to the kids get off my lawn.That -- that's who he was. I've never seen -- I've been to 12 State of the Union addresses. I've never seen anything remotely like this.This was entirely focused on the November election, but what's remote markable, Sean, is Joe Biden, and the Biden White House, they apparently made the decision, A, they want no Republican votes. Because this told every Republican go jump in a lake, we don't care about anything you believe in. They also decided, amazingly, they want no independent votes, they have decided their strategy for November is go hard left and turn out the radical left.And it was, you know, in State of the Unions, typically, whether you have a Democrat or Republican president who's giving the speech, there are a number of lines there that are designed to reach out to the other party that get everyone standing. I got to say this was the State of the Union, in many ways, half the Republicans almost fell asleep. Because after welcoming the president, where we stand and show respect for the office, we basically just sat there for over an hour, as he told lie after lie after lie, and he just went hard left.I have never seen anything like this.HANNITY: But is there something behind that though, if you -- if you look at the traditional Democratic base, and you brought that up against the recent polling, we see, he is losing such a large part of his base, African Americans --CRUZ: Yes, yes.HANNITY: Hispanic Americans, young people, even -- suburban women. To me, it was very telling that the speech had to be geared in a way to sort of to bring back that base, and not reach out to the other side or not trying to build his coalition. He needs to reinforce what he's losing.CRUZ: And look, what was amazing, he almost never smiled the whole speech. He was literally just yelling, and he was pissed. And this was a speech that was delivered to the Squad. This was a speech that was trying to bring Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren and AOC back on the team, and the rest of America, he just didn't care.Look, inflation? People are hurting with inflation, and what did he tell them? No, you're not. You're wrong. You're just stupid. If you think that the cost of rent is higher, that the cost of your mortgage is higher, the cost of food is higher. You're just too dumb. You don't understand how good the economy really is. Look, people at home, they know the truth on that.When it came to crime, he just flat out created an alternative reality. Crime is down, murders are down, everything is hunky dory. Listen, the people who are living with crime day to day, they know that's not true. And I got to say, there was no portion of the speech that was more through the looking glass than on immigration.Did Joe Biden acknowledge the 10.4 million illegal aliens he's led into this country? No. Did he acknowledge the open borders he's put in place deliberately? No. Did he acknowledge the thousands of migrants who died because of his open borders? Not a word that he acknowledged the thousand and thousands of children sexually assaulted by human traffickers. The thousands of women brutally assaulted by human traffickers? No. Not a word. Did he acknowledge the over 100,000 people a year dying of drug overdoses? Not a word. And did he have written in the speech even to say the words, Laken Riley? He did not.Now, when he got to that point, a member on the floor of the House called out and heckled him and he responded, he said her name, so, I'm going to give him credit for that.But then, what did he say? He looked and said, I feel for her parents, they're hurting. And Sean, he didn't take even a speck of responsibility. You know what? Her parents don't want you to emote in their direction and send them a damn Hallmark card. You know what her parents want? They want their daughter back. And what he didn't admit is that Laken Riley is dead because when Joe Biden apprehended the criminal illegal alien who crossed over, instead of deporting him, instead of following the law, Joe Biden let him go.Then he went to New York City, in New York City, he was arrested again for endangering a child, again, because New York City is run by Democrats and is a sanctuary city, they let him go.And if Joe Biden had deported that criminal, or if New York City had put him in jail, Laken Riley would be alive.So, he said her name, but he utterly denied his direct responsibility for her death and for deaths all over the country.HANNITY: Yes, Senator, I got to tell you, but if I'm not mistaken, didn't he say Lincoln Riley? And it's Laken Riley.CRUZ: Well, he did that too.HANNITY: We've got that there too.Senator Cruz, great to have you. Thank you for staying with us. We appreciate it.Now, the difference between jacked up Joe tonight and his recent public appearances filled with endless gaffes and stumbles and mumbling and bumbling -- there was some mumbling and bumbling also.But the difference is so stark, they so overcompensated, it is frightening.Take a look you decide.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: I guess I should clear my mind a little bit and not say what I'm really thinking.My predecessor came to office determined to see Roe v. Wade overturn. He's reasons is overturned and he brags about it.EPA Administrator here with me, EPA Administrator Regan, as well.But they failed! America stood. America stood strong, and democracy prevailed.Dad used to say, Joey, a paycheck is about more than -- a job is about more than a paycheck.It's dropped from nine percent to three percent, the lowest in the world and tending lower. The landing is and will be solved.(END VIDEO CLIP)SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: All right, joining us now for an exclusive interview, he had a seat, well, that only one other person in America had, right behind the president giving the speech, and that's the Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson, is with us. Mr. Speaker, thank you for being with us.First of all, let's get your reaction. I just compared Joe Biden on a regular basis, regular Joe, day-to-day Joe, and we saw a very different Joe Biden tonight, very angry, very jacked up you might say maybe charitably over caffeinated would be a way to put it. What was your reaction to that, was that surprising to you?REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): -- you know, usually, it is State of the Union there at least some bipartisan segments, there are a few things that people can agree upon. That didn't happen tonight. He came to give, what has been described as a, a campaign speech and it was that. It was very disappointing to all of us.HANNITY: It was, it was like that, you're absolutely right, Mr. Speaker. Usually, there would be, you know, some appeal to all sides. Do you think maybe that has to do with the issue of politics where he stands with the base of his party? He seems to be bleeding a large amount of support from of a big part of the Democratic base as I was discussing with Senator Cruz. Do you think that was the calculation behind that?JOHNSON: I think it is. Look, he's desperate, Sean, and that's obvious, he's the most unpopular president who has ever run for re-election. A lot of what he's done is unprecedented, but tonight, instead of taking responsibility for that, he tried to lay blame. I mean, for one thing, the border, right?That's the number one issue in America. That's what every American, no matter where they live, wants to hear about. How is this catastrophe going to be resolved? I think it was 41 minutes into his speech before the commander-in-chief even made any reference to the border, and then he made no mention whatsoever about anything that he would do, his actions. I mean, he has executive authority, we all know, he could solve that problem right now.He had -- he's been able to do that for three years but he won't, and that was a great concern to all of us. Look, there's a lot of memes, I guess, going around tonight about my facial expressions. I did not like the speech. I don't think the American people liked it. And that there wasn't much I could do about that. I guess I didn't hide that very well.HANNITY: Well, I, I guess so. All right, so I guess maybe this is all, this is a question, maybe people would like to know what goes on behind the scenes. Usually, you would introduce the president to the house chamber. That didn't happen tonight. What -- did that surprise you? Did you expect that?JOHNSON: Listen, I was prepared to do it, but he jumped the gun. He missed his cue. He was about 15 or 20 minutes late upon arrival. I haven't yet heard why that was, but, but yes, he, he jumped in there and began his speech. I was going to do it formally, but I never got the opportunity, and I didn't want to interrupt the President and be disrespectful, but it wasn't the Speaker of the House that missed his cue, it was the President.HANNITY: Well, I think that was well said. I think, maybe, one of the behind the scenes question that people might be interested in. He spent a lot of time up there with the vice president, any private conversations, small talk maybe?JOHNSON: We, we did. We had some small talk. There was a lot of time that we were there together waiting. We talked. And for one example about our, our parents. I asked her if her parents had been alive today, survived, to see her serving as vice president and she lamented that they had not.And, and she asked me about mine -- I lost my dad three days before I got elected to Congress. So, he didn't get to see this either, but we, we agreed that our parents are enjoying this from heaven and you know that was a nice moment. But beyond that Sean, it was just an overly partisan, unnecessarily partisan evening.I mean, the State of the Union, there's always some partisan elements to it, but there's normally applause lines that everyone can join in on. I mean, that's kind of the unifying moment about this tradition and we got none of that tonight. There was, there was almost nothing that we could agree to because it was so full of false information, and it was hard for me to hold that in.HANNITY: I guess starting with the issue of the border, I mean the House did pass HR-2. I do not believe that the bill that the Senate was pushing forward, I mean before it was even, would even be triggered you would have at least 5,000 illegal immigrants you know coming into the country, that made absolutely no sense. It also offered discretion where they didn't even have to follow the bill if it became law.In other words, to me, it would have codified into law what Joe Biden has been doing for three years on top of telling America that the border's secure and closed, which is a lie, but it would have codified into law that his administration has been aiding and abetting in the law-breaking and facilitating it. And they had bragged about how they rescinded all of the Trump-era policies that were working. So, that was a bit surprising. We're also surprised that he attacked the Supreme Court in front of the, the justices right there.JOHNSON: Yes, I, I think that was a new low. I've never seen that before. I'm not sure any of us had. I'm not sure who wrote the speech, but they went out there to lob grenades tonight. And you know, look, I don't think the American people are buying that, Sean. He, he tried to suggest that you know we're in great shape in the State of the Union is strong and we all know that's not true. The state of the union is in decline in every measurable category on the world stage, our sovereignty, our safety, the economy, everybody knows it. So, you know, gaslighting the American people is not going to work and I thought it was a very big disappointment tonight.HANNITY: All right. House Speaker Mike Johnson, thank you, sir, for being with us, we appreciate it. Joining us now, Florida Senator Marco Rubio. Senator, this was not your first day the union address, your general observations. We saw -- I felt the president that was screaming yelling, kind of, ranting about our speech that was completely partisan, maybe for reasons that show, I guess, maybe just known to himself but I thought it was beyond bizarre times, and frankly a little frightening, because it's so different that then the every, everyday Joe that we see and hear from. What was your reaction to the such a dramatic difference?SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Yes, the whole thing was weird. I mean, I was actually concerned -- I mean, it really was the strangest. And I think there's a couple of things, OK, here's this number one problem, right. Going into tonight, there were people in his own party that are really worried about him. Does he have the energy? Is he too old? Does he have the mental and physical stamina?So, I think they told him, you got to go in there, you got to show energy. And to him, that meant, let me scream, like the guy that screams at you to get off his lawn, you know, scream for an hour and a half about all kinds of things. Then there were parts of it that frankly were bizarre and insulting.So, for example, he's out there, you know, lecturing Americans about, basically, here's the message the economy is doing much better than you think it's doing, I don't care how much things cost you, I don't care how much you're suffering or how much you're worried about the future, we have the best economy in the world. So, he's describing a country that is not the experience people are having today. AND then he went on to do things that were really bizarre.This whole thing about building a port in Gaza, it's just flat-out strange. I mean, the idea you're going to somehow build a port and not have American servicemen in the line of fire with the Houthis firing rockets over your head, with Hamas just off the coast, with all this going on is absurd. You're putting people in danger's way. And all of it, then he talks about a two-state solution.Let me tell you what he means by two-state solution. It's not Israel and Palestine. His two-state solution that I think he's trying to arrive at with all these crazy ideas are Michigan and Minnesota. Those are the two states that he's most worried about because he's afraid is going to lose them. Tonight, he almost didn't make it.I'm sure one of the reasons why he was late is that these radical Hamas supporters, many of them key voters in the base of his party that were blocking them from leaving the White House. They had to deal with those crazies. So, what's one of the reasons why he was late, I imagine, and then images that have been on television all afternoon. So, just wait until the convention when those crazies get there. So, the whole thing was just bizarre.You say hyper-partisan, no doubt about it. I've never seen a State of the Union ever, I don't recall any, maybe there's been one in the past, where a sitting president mentions his predecessor or opponent and future opponent so many different times and misleads people with it.So, I think the only thing he achieved tonight, there's a bunch of Democrats in breathing a sigh of relief that he's not weakened at Bernie's, that he's not -- you know, he's alive and, and that he was able to get through a speech, and that apparently he's still able to scream. But beyond that, I mean sure they're very happy about it, they're relieved I would say, but the rest of the country saw kind of a grumpy guy saying things that are nonsensical.Then, he some -- look, he mumbled a lot. I couldn't, I don't know if it came across on TV, you couldn't hear it well on the floor. Some of it was mumbling something about Snickers bars and bags of chips. I imagine he's talking about like he claims Snickers bars are small, smaller than they used to be which I know is a big priority for many Americans not things like our border, but anyway, the whole thing was just weird.HANNITY: Well, let me ask you this. Will this angry jacked up Joe Biden, hyper-partisan Joe Biden will it have the effect if the, if the goal was to perhaps shore up his base? Will, will this speech do that?RUBIO: Well, it's a proof-of-life speech, right? That's what it was. I'm alive and I'm able to give a speech that I can read off a teleprompter and I'm able to do the whisper but mostly the screaming and I'm able to say things that are really mean about the Republican Party and the Supreme Court, and I can make claims that they're going to get rid of Social Security, things that don't exist.It makes a lot of the people in that room, some of them are pretty radical, very happy. So, I imagine if you're watching some of these other networks, some of these commentators which are a bunch of buffoons are out there saying, well, this is really -- you know, they're just reading the talking points that are being sent to them. So, I think it achieved the proof of life, that maybe some of them -- they just wanted to get through tonight.I don't think it makes any difference in terms of the campaign. And if this is what he's going to campaign on, this guy's going to lose by eight or nine points. I mean, it's just literally nonsensical, bizarre, you know, hallucinations. It's completely out of touch with reality. But, you know, I imagine partisans are very happy to see looks like he could scream tough things, you know, maybe that's what's enough for them for tonight.HANNITY: Anyway, Senator, by the way, it's great to have a senator that actually will talk to me from my own state. Now, I'm in the free state of Florida, your state. So, we appreciate you being with us. Senator Marco Rubio, thank you. All right, more live reaction to Joe Biden's shouting, angry, State of the Union address. Jim Jordan, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right, joining us now with reaction to tonight's State of the Union is House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan with us. All right, so what was your reaction to jacked up angry, bitterly partisan Joe Biden tonight. That was not the guy we see on a daily basis. That was maybe, I guess, probably, the most bizarre State of the Union I've ever seen.REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Yes, it was bizarre, but for me, Sean, look, he was 20 minutes late getting there, it took him 10 minutes to walk down the aisle and the first thing he talks about is a foreign country. It's the state of our union and the first thing you're going to talk about as president of the United States is Ukraine? I just didn't get that, and then, of course, he goes right into the political thing, right into January 6th, right into the abortion issue. I mean you're exactly right. It was a strange speech. It was a weird speech. Certainly, a political speech designed to go directly to the hard-left of their party.HANNITY: But isn't it necessary at this point? Just looking at pretty much every poll, it's showing he is bleeding support among the Democratic base. If he loses that base, he's got no shot of being reelected.JORDAN: Well, and I thought what Senator Rubio said was right on target. If he keeps talking like this, President Trump is going to win, I think, going away. Because tell me what in that speech connected with regular Americans? Where was the talk about really solving the border crisis? Where was the talk about bringing down prices? Where was the talk about going back to $2.00 gas like we had under President Trump? And then, this strange stuff. Putting this pier, putting this port in Gaza?I mean, think about what that says to our best ally, our dearest and closest friend the state of Israel. Hey Israel, we want you to win, but we're going to put in a pier to get supplies to your enemy. What is that? I mean, there's literally one of the strangest things I've ever heard from the commander-in-chief, from the President of the United States to our best ally. So, I just didn't get it all. But it's -- I guess maybe that's Joe Biden. I don't get much of what he's done in three years and 47 days as the president of our country.HANNITY: I don't get it either, but I mean the contrast from the guy that we watch and observe, and, and highlight every day on this program and the guy we saw tonight. I think America's going to take a very close look at that. It almost kind of reminded me of -- and I'm trying to be, I'm trying to be charitable here -- of, of maybe, of a very angry, elderly family member, and maybe taking the car keys away, so he's going to scream and shout. And that's what I kind of felt I was watching tonight. It was uncomfortable, actually, at times, I felt. Was that uncomfortable at all for you?JORDAN: Yes, it's sort of this abrupt, abrupt change in emotion sometimes. It seems kind of, kind of different, kind of strange. And you're exactly right, too, Sean, on the other issue. It is Laken Riley, not Lincoln, and we should remember that because it's his policies that led to this tragedy that happened in Georgia to this young lady and what her family is now having to deal with.So, the country gets it. There's a reason why every across parties, Republican, independent, Democrats, across the polling, it shows that this is the number one issue, even greater than this ridiculous inflation that American families are having to deal with. That is an important issue and he did not address that until late in the speech and it wasn't a real solution at all.HANNITY: All right, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan of Ohio, thank you, sir, for being with us. Joining us now, our own Pete Hegseth and our own Charles Payne is with us. Guys, good to see you guys. Thanks for staying up late tonight. Pete, let's start with you. Let's get your overall reaction to jacked up Joe.PETE HEGSETH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, first of all, he was jacked up, but if that's jacked up, that's no good for them. I mean, it was sentences that were one word, which you couldn't really understand which is normal with him. The coughing constantly, the yelling, he's screaming at me the whole time, not effective at all. But I think it was a substance and Jim Jordan alluded to it.Was this the United States, was this the state of the Union or the state of the Ukraine? Because if you're, the first, the top of the speech is the most important. It's when most people are tuning in. OK, what's Joe going to say? Is he going to be able to do it? And you land on Ukraine for 10 minutes and then you do a non sequitur to January 6th. But you alluded to FDR and why is that? Because FDR had to fight two fronts.And so, he's saying, well, we have to fight Ukraine, fight Russia over there, and then fight our political opponents over here. And then he transitioned in another non sequitur to abortion because he thinks that's a political winner. This was a nakedly political speech from an angry man who knows he's behind and that they jacked him up as you said to get him ready for it.HANNITY: You know, everything that I predicted when I started the year January 2nd, Charles Payne was in this speech -- democracy in peril. January 6, Donald Trump is evil, Republicans are bad, bad, bad, and that's all they've got is to attack the one thing they can't run on Charles Payne is are you better off than you were four years ago?CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And then even attempts to -- he really put himself in a bind because while bragging about, you know, bringing the economy mostly sitting in the office while the economy came back to equilibrium, also saying how disastrous it was and how do you have to give more money to more people, while they're, you know -- and these small, $5,000 to buy a house and that kind of stuff.It's just the sort of symbolism that doesn't take serious, or at least acknowledge the seriousness of the problems out there for people, particularly dealing with inflation and trying to kick this over to corporations. You know, we're a capitalist country. He took on the Supreme Court and capitalism -- two of the great foundations of this nation.The reasons one, and a couple of reasons we, we were able to come as a sub- star nation and dominate the world and in a few years and it's a reason why we're still on top, and I just -- it was a baffling speech all around. You know, it didn't make any sense, and I think of it obviously is very divisive but it there was a solutions oriented, and that's what frustrated me.HANNITY: Will it give him a short-term bounce? We're running out of time? Yes or no, Pete?HEGSETH: It'll -- I mean, his party's going to feel like he did a good job because he survived it. But amongst independents, I don't think so. This doesn't change anything. It doesn't help anything. It doesn't reset anything at all.HANNITY: Yes. Will it give him a short-term little bounce? Charles, last question.PAYNE: Short-term and little. Yes. Those are the operative words.HANNITY: I agree. All right, thank you. Thanks for staying up late, guys. Appreciate it. Pete, Charles, appreciate it. And more HANNITY straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right, jacked up Joe Biden's State of the Union, Union address is in the books and it was bizarre to put it mildly. Let's see how the media mob tries to spin it. We'll have a lot more on that tomorrow. Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Back on our usual time, 9:00 Eastern. In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Trace Gallagher is coming up next. Have a great night.