KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to the special edition of "Hannity". I'm Kayleigh McEnany, in for Sean.Tonight, with the 2024 campaign heating up, the left is in a complete state of panic. They see the writing on the wall for Joe Biden. According to Nate Silver, Biden is, quote, losing now and there is no plan to fix the problem other than hoping the polls are wrong. Ouch. I thought they said hope is not a strategy. Apparently, that's Biden strategy.Meanwhile, Democratic lawmakers have reportedly been complaining to Vice President Kamala Harris that the Biden campaign feels, quote, that they need to be better.While "New York Times" journalist Ezra Klein says the Democrats have a better option than Biden. Klein notes in his piece that Democratic strategist James Carville told him, quote, a campaign has certain assets, most desirable asset, the candidate and the Biden campaign does not deploy Biden like he is a desirable asset. I wonder why.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The EPA administrator here with me -- EPA administrator Regan as well. We just included a briefing.I can already see this derailment won't define you, it just -- it defines you in a different way.I guess I should clear my mind here a little bit and not say what I'm really thinking.Your Majesty, over to you. side sorry mr president u thank you for your gracious hospitality.KING ABDULLAH II, KING OF JORDAN: Thank you, sir.BIDEN: I switched sides on you.KING ABDULLAH II: Sorry.Mr. President, thank you for your gracious hospitality accorded to me and my delegation today.BIDEN: Let me tell you something, some of you have comment. I wear since the day he died, every single day the rosary he got from our lady -- of every Memorial Day, we hold a service.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: That's a desirable asset. So desirable that Joe Biden cannot even win over Trump critic Charlamagne Tha God.Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD, RADIO HOST: Well, he's just an uninspiring candidate, like, you know, there's nothing about, you know, Joe Biden that makes you want to listen to him. He should be leaning on people who have are more inspiring than him, who are more charismatic than him, and he should just be, I guess, if you want to call it the brains of the operation behind the scenes. Like that sounds crazy that we're saying that about a president of the United States of America but he has no main character energy at all, none.JONATHAN KARL, ABC NEWS HOST: And what is that? Is that age? Is it the way he is? I mean, why -- why do you -- what's the problem?CHARLAMAGNE THA GOD: I don't think it has anything to do with age, you know? I think it has just everything to do with him.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: No main character energy. I would take supporting cast energy at this point.But it's not just Charlamagne Tha God. There's a mutiny forming among progressive voters and squad member Rashida Tlaib is calling on voters to ditch Biden in the Michigan primary and vote uncommitted.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): Tis is the way you can raise our voices. Don't make us even more invisible. Right now, we feel completely neglected, neglected and just unseen by our government. If you want us to be louder, then come here and vote uncommitted.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCENANY: But despite the blaring warning signs, the Biden campaign appears uninterested in fixing its problems. According to "Politico Playbook", quote, nearly any recommendation to change course is met with a pat on the head and a response akin to thanks for the advice, kiddo.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Joe Concha and pollster Mark Penn.Mark, so Nate Silver says that Biden is losing right now. He says he is probably an underdog. As a pollster, do you agree with that assessment?MARK PENN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, I -- look, I think there's no question about it that right now, Biden is the underdog and as you know, underdog is not a bad place to be in politics. Expectations get lowered, surprises happen, the president's got a big State of the Union coming up, that will be his opportunity to I think reestablish where he's going and what he's going to do in front of 40 or 50 million Americans and he needs it.MCENANY: And the State of the Union, they're saying today on "Axios" that the campaign is viewing this is kind of a reset. We'll see if that happens.But, Joe Concha, the campaign and this may just be press posturing and you tell me if it is, but they apparently have the self assuredness, they don't want to take the advice of others. Is that just posturing in the press or do you think they're really that confident?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I don't think they can be very confident, Kayleigh, when you look at every swing state poll and again, don't look at national polls. Look at polls in North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania -- those are the states that decide elections. You win four of those states, you will be the next president.And in those states, Bloomberg just last week had a poll out showing that we have now the current incumbent Joe Biden trailing Donald Trump in all seven of those states. So he is the underdog right now, that may not be a bad thing to Mark Penn's point, but that formidable scent that is coming from the White House is the smell of fear, Kayleigh. It's so strong, it, you know, stings the nostrils. And this may explain why all these leaks are coming out of 1600 right now, that have been happening lately when early on in this presidency, we almost saw no leaks.And when we look back at the major turning point in this election, first base will be the Hur report, because it finally put the president's cognitive decline into the mainstream conversation. And that's after "The New York Times", "Washington Post," CNN, NBC engaged in the bias of omission and ignoring what was painfully obvious to the American people.We saw that ABC News poll out last week it found nearly nine in Americans do not believe Joe Biden has the mental acuity to be president for another term. They say he's lost his fast ball but he barely had a knuckle curve to begin with.So, now, we keep hearing about these resets and reinventing of Biden and Harris. It's 31 flavors of stupid because the impression is already etched in stone. Biden doesn't have the mental or physical capacity for the job right now, let alone his 86th birthday and Kamala Harris in the view of most sane and sober Americans is not remotely prepared to be commander-in- chief at this time.MCENANY: You know, Mark, you've done some fascinating polling about a third party candidate and whether there's a lane and Joe Manchin has said, look, I'm not running for president. That's great news for Joe Biden, as I can see it but my question is Rashida Tlaib coming out in saying vote uncommitted, I know she's one voice. But do you think there's a mutiny among progressives in the party or is this cabin to Rashida Tlaib?PENN: Look, I think the progressives in the party want to hold on to as much power as they possibly can. I think this election will really be decided by suburban swing voters, and the math of swing voters is that if the election's 5-5, one swing voter makes it 6-4. It takes two people staying home to overcome that swing vote.I think the left coming out against Biden is a gift because the left ultimately is going to vote for Biden. They're not going to vote for Trump. They're going to come out because they don't like Trump so much and to the extent they throw an uncommitted, you know, softball at him, all they do is communicate if he -- if the left is unhappy with him, maybe he's moving moderate. And that's what he needs to do to win this election.MCENANY: Mark, sticking with you for a moment, you talk about the importance of that suburban voter. You've pitched two possible names for Trump for vice president and coming from someone who was Clinton's pollster, one of the names you pitched was Senator Tim Scott. He's my next guest. Why do you say Senator Tim Scott would be a good pick for vice president?PENN: Because I think he will play well in the suburbs. He will provide a counterbalance to Trump in a way that I think Trump really needs. Look, obviously, Haley would have been great, but the distance between those two is so great that there's no chance she's going to be vice president.MCENANY: That's hot.PENN: But Tim Scott -- right, so Tim Scott has vigorously and thoroughly endorsed Trump. He seems to now get along with Trump surprised me, but it seems to me probably his strongest pick.MCENANY: You know, Nikki Haley, yeah, the attacks have become more pointed. I think that ship has sailed to your point.But, Joe Concha, what do you make of that, Senator Tim Scott?CONCHA: Well, first, I have a question for Mark. Who is his second pick? I know about Tim, but who's the second one?(CROSSTALK)MCENANY: It was Haley. You said Haley, but that ship sailed.PENN: Yeah, it was Haley.CONCHA: Oh, Haley, okay. I thought that was a -- all right, all right, that's -- that was a second one, gotcha.No, Tim Scott is an excellent candidate for vice president because he brings optimism to the ticket obviously and boy, I'd pay pay-per-view kind of money to see Tim Scott versus Kamala Harris in a VP debate. So that's a good choice.I hear also perhaps Tulsi Gabbard, the president is having conversations with, and Tulsi has said that she is open to having that conversation with Trump. Wouldn't that be interesting taking somebody who used to be near the top of the DNC and then Democratic Party, and then he -- she's on Trump's ticket, that would be very interesting as well. We hear about Elise Stefanik being a possibility, Kristi Noem being a possibility, either way, I think it will be either a person of color or a woman on the ticket.What we do know at this point that Mike Pence is probably also a ship that not only has sailed but is probably in another galaxy at this point.MCENANY: You're a betting man, Joe Concha. I see.Joe Concha, Mark Penn, thank you very much.Well, in just five days, former President Trump and former Governor Nikki Haley will square off in South Carolina, and the GOP primary. And according to the real clear politics polling average, look at that, Trump is ahead of Haley and her home state by more than 30 points. I would say that's a solid lead.And tonight, the Haley campaign announced that she will be delivering a, quote, state of the race speech tomorrow. However, we have no indication of what she plans to say whatsoever.Here with more, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott.Welcome, Senator Scott.I want to quote for you directly from --SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Thank you.MCENANY: -- the Haley campaign. Nikki Haley will deliver a speech in Greenville, South Carolina -- this is your stomping ground, South Carolina -- to address the state of the presidential race. That's a little peculiar of a pitch coming days before South Carolina.What do you think?SCOTT: Well, I hope that she's dropping out the race to be honest with you. Here's what we know. She can't win her home -- own home state. There's no other state in the nation. If you can't win your home state, there's no other place to win. She's down by at least 25 to 30 points here in South Carolina. The best thing she can do for the nation is to drop out the race, endorse Donald Trump and let us start focusing on Joe Biden.Here's what we both know, that Donald Trump led this nation to the best four years economically in my lifetime. We have the lowest unemployment for African-Americans, for Hispanics. We have the lowest for Asians, a 70-year low for women.It's one of the reasons why in New Hampshire, he, Donald Trump beat Nikki Haley with women, with seniors and millennials. The nation was just better off under Donald Trump. Our border was secure, 600 percent increase in crossings since Donald Trump has left office. Our chaos that we see around the nation was non-existent. We literally had law and order, and frankly, last point, foreign policy.We actually were experiencing world peace under Donald Trump. Ukraine, no war. No incursion. The Middle East, Israel safer. The Indo-Pacific China was not looking at Taiwan.Border security, strong economy, law and order and world peace, what else would you want in a president? We need four more years of Donald Trump.MCENANY: You remind me of a different time. You took me back to when I was on Air Force One with President Trump and we're flying all around the country for the 2020 campaign and "The Wall Street Journal" just published the numbers for wages for Black Americans, for Latino Americans, and it was astonishing the gains that people were making.One more question for you though on Ambassador Haley because she did say just this morning, we can't wait to go to Michigan the day after South Carolina, could that just have been like a throwaway line and ahead of a potential dropout, or how does this all work? You've been in presidential politics.SCOTT: Yes. So I will say without question, sometimes you wake up on Monday morning and you realize that the race is already gone. The best thing you can do is within 24 hours is to get out the way. I hope that happens.Listen, Nikki Haley has run the best race she could run and lately her campaign has been descending honestly. It's desperation that you feel coming from her camp. And when you feel that type of desperation, that means the race is already over and the lead -- leading person, Nikki Haley, herself has to come to realization, she has to realize that this race is over. It is best for the country, not just a party, it is best for America that we focus on Joe Biden.And, frankly, on Monday morning, February the 25th, we're going there either way. But we would love to have her as a part of that team.MCENANY: Senator Scott, you know, you won your state in 2022, 62 percentage points, I believe it was higher than that is the number you brought in for your race. You are a prolific fundraiser. You have one of the most unique messages I've heard, Reaganesque, very optimistic. And you heard my previous conversation with the pollster Mark Penn, and I'm not going to ask you if you'd accept the vice presidency because I don't know if you would answer.But I will ask you if you would consider or look forward to debating Kamala Harris on a stage someday.SCOTT: You know, if I had an opportunity to have a debate with Kamala Harris, the actual borders czar, the first thing I would do is ask why you spend more time at the National Security Council in Germany than you have on our southern border? I was in Eagle Pass, Texas, on Friday.The devastation, the humiliation is unbelievable. Let's have a debate, let's have a debate in Eagle Pass, Texas, and solve for the American people the one thing we all can see with our own eyes, the left want an open, insecure border, the conservatives and commonsense independents, we want a secure America, which means you have to control your back door and then let's move it to the economy.Let's talk about 2 percent inflation versus 9 percent inflation. Let's talk about the fact that a millennial today cannot afford a home because the interest rates are too high, because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have no clue how to run an economy. And then let's talk about the vice president who helped raise money, raise money for someone who was later charged for murder, raise money to get him out of jail. I want to have the law and order conversation debate right here right now.MCENANY: Well, the so-called borders are versus Senator Tim Scott, maybe vice presidential nominee Senator Tim Scott, I would sign up to watch that, particularly in Eagle Pass, Texas, thank you very much, Senator Scott.All right. Tonight, the fallout from the ruling and the Trump civil fraud trial continues. On Friday night, "The New York Post" editorial board warned Democrats celebrating that they just turned Trump into a, quote, political martyr. While New York Governor Kathy Hochul tried to ease business concerns over the ruling. Take a look.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D), NEW YORK: I think that this is really an extraordinarily unusual circumstance that the law-abiding and rule following New Yorkers who are business people have nothing to worry about because they're very different than Donald Trump and his behavior.(END AUDIO CLIP)MCENANY: Still business leaders are sounding the alarm. "Shark Tank's" Kevin O'Leary says he will never invest in New York following the ruling, calling New York a, quote, mega-loser state. And just like the rest of the cases against Trump, the $355 million judgment, more than the GDP of some countries, is completely unprecedented.Based on an analysis of 70 years of civil cases done by "The Associated Press", not a right-wing publication, a wire service, quote, Trump's case stands apart in a significant way, it's the only big business found that was threatened with a shutdown without a showing of obvious victims and major losses, unprecedented.Meanwhile, go over to Alvin Bragg's case, here's a "New York Times" -- liberal "New York Times" review, they concluded that, quote, New York state prosecutors have never before filed an election law case involving a federal campaign, never before. But they will with Trump.And after listening to oral arguments, the Supreme Court appeared skeptical of the left's attempt to remove Trump from the ballot in Colorado, even Ketanji Brown Jackson, even Elena Kagan, and this is before we get to the case in Maine, where an unelected secretary of state, one person, removed Trump from the ballot.Here with reaction, former Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker, and FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.Matthew, I want to start with you. You know, as an attorney, you sit down and you have the facts before you, and you have the law over here, and you ask yourself, do the facts match, the law? And then as a prosecutor, you know this as a former acting attorney general, you have prosecutorial discretion. You can say, has anyone ever been charged in this manner? And the answer with Alvin Bragg is no, and the answer in civil fraud is no.So what's going on? Are these just totally unreasonable left-wing activists or are they actually prosecutors?MATT WHITAKER, FORMER ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL: Yes, Kayleigh, these are completely politically motivated prosecutors. You know, I was a U.S. attorney for and a half years, wore the white hat and did justice, and I think that's exactly what's not happening in New York state, especially right now. You have politically motivated people that are trying to go after their -- someone they disagree with.And you know, Governor Hochul is absolutely wrong. Not only should many people worry about this same politically motivated targeting. But, you know, you look at not only Kevin O'Leary, but Grant Cardone and other real estate investors are saying, I'm never doing business in New York.This is chasing business away. I don't think New York can call itself the Empire State anymore after this.MCENANY: Like I don't even want to walk around in New York. I mean, God forbid I have to defend myself here in Alvin Bragg's America.Gregg, you know, so the civil fraud case, it'll be appealed and we'll see what the New York appellate court says, and then the Supreme Court can decide whether to grant cert.What do you see happening at the appellate level and at the Supreme Court level?GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, the entire court on the highest level, the court of appeals in New York, is made up of seven justices all picked by Democrat governors.But I just don't even think that they would let this stand. And, you know, Kayleigh, Democrats may be cheering this verdict, but I think they badly miscalculated here. Americans have a keen sense of fairness. They see this for what it is, a politically driven attack, no legal justification behind it, engineered by an ethically corrupt state attorney general, Letitia James, and then sanctioned by this biased liberal judge who made no attempt to hide his disdain for Trump or to honestly follow the law and the outlandish nature of the judgment is self-evident.It reflects no measurable harm because none existed. No one was defrauded or deceived. Nobody was injured.So by weaponizing the legal system, what they've done is they've strengthen Trump by proving that he's a victim of unscrupulous partisans. And this further erodes I think the already declining confidence in our justice system and it fuels Trump's argument that Democrats will happily mangle the law for political gain.MCENANY: And, Matt, I think the way the dominoes are falling further Trump's argument because the first case out of the gate is the weakest one, is the Alvin Bragg one, is the one "The New York Times" said it's never been prosecuted in New York state law for a federal election.WHITAKER: Right. Remember, the way they make it even a felony is they take a assortment of misdemeanors, that the only victim would be Donald Trump himself from the falsification of these business records that are alleged. But then they take this federal campaign violation that both the Federal Election Commission and the Southern District of New York already looked at and decided that that wasn't a valid legal theory to go on.And so, this is -- the American people are going to see this up close. I just only wish that it was televised so they could see how poorly this legal theory and these facts are going to play out under Alvin Bragg and his cockamamie idea.MCENANY: And, Gregg, we wait tonight for any day now the ruling on the Colorado ballot disqualification from the Supreme Court, and then Jack Smith was given until tomorrow to file a response on absolute immunity. He filed that last week.I mean, are we looking at potentially Supreme Court action this week on either of those cases?JARRETT: Well, on Wednesday, the U.S. Supreme Court will be releasing opinions and decisions in pending cases, so we might see the ballot case because frankly it was a no-brainer. A first year law student could easily handle that. I think it'll be unanimous or 8-1. You know, this was an egregious deprivation of the due process rights of Donald Trump, punishing him in violation of the 14th Amendment. And not only that, the office of the president doesn't qualify under the language of the 14th Amendment.So those are just some of the reasons why I think the Supreme Court will hand this down sometime quite soon and notwithstanding the predictions of liberal legal analysts at MSNBC said -- MSNBC said Trump has no arguments and he was going to lose. The hearing itself proved them wrong.MCENANY: Prove them totally wrong.Matt, Gregg, thank you very much.Well, coming up, thanks to Biden's border crisis, we have seen an increased number of people from China illegally coming to the country. Senator Josh Hawley reacts after the break, as the special edition of "Hannity" continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of "Hannity".Joe Biden's border crisis has taken a disturbing new turn as the illegals crossing our border now come from countries far beyond Mexico, far beyond Central America.Our colleagues, Bill Melugin and Griff Jenkins, have been reporting from the border in Jacumba, California, about an hour east of San Diego. And what they've encountered are migrants from Ecuador, Syria, Turkey, China -- comforting, right? In fact there has been a shocking rise in the number of illegal crossings from China. In fact, sources tell Bill Melugin that over 20,000, 20,000 Chinese illegals have crossed cross the border so far this fiscal year, which began on October 1st.Compare that to the 2021, entire fiscal year when just 450 crossed. That makes for a 4,000 percent increase in Chinese illegals. Here with reaction is Missouri Republican Senator Josh Hawley.Senator Hawley, welcome. And what is going on? A 4,000 percent increase in Chinese nationals.SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Well, you know, it used to be 30 years ago, really just for the last 30 years in total that, Wall Street and the liberals and the multinational corporations would send our jobs overseas to China. Now, they're actually letting the Chinese nationals come here to the United States and take the jobs right out from under our noses.I mean, you talk about 20,000 Chinese nationals just since October coming into this country, taking jobs, driving down wages. Of course, China's already buying farmland, U.S. farmland at a record pace, Kayleigh. I mean, it's -- this is unbelievable, and clearly it shows that the border is completely open, Joe Biden wants it open and for American workers, that is a disaster.MCENANY: So four and a half months -- four and a half months, 20,000 Chinese nationals. I mean, you talk about China buying up U.S. farmland, that's happening. TikTok infiltrating the minds of our young people, that's what China's doing there, and then not to mention the illegal police stations they have across the world including here in the United States. Are these Chinese nationals coming -- and I get that this is conjecture -- because the border is porous or could it be something more sinister?HAWLEY: Well, listen, I mean, we know that that China has had a plan to try and infiltrate U.S. campuses. I mean, they've set up these Confucius centers all over campuses across the country that were just basically glorified spy stations.We know their intentions towards us, Kayleigh, are totally ill-founded. I mean, they are not our friends. They are our opponents. They are competitors. They are our enemies.And as to TikTok, I mean, as if it isn't bad enough that the Chinese government's using TikTok to spy on every American who has it on their phone, now, they're using TikTok to bring thousands of Chinese nationals across the border. I mean, you can actually use TikTok or the Chinese version of TikTok to help get across the border now. I mean, it is unbelievable.And as I say, I mean if you're a worker in this country, my gosh, Joe Biden's open border policies are costing you your job, costing you your security, costing your family their safety, it's out of control.MCENANY: I'm glad you brought up President Joe Biden, because the images happening on our screen, not in a vacuum, happening because of the president. And "Axios" is reporting this today, I want your thought on this. They're calling the State of the Union, Biden's reset moment, and they say one bold move that Biden is considering, we're told, is an executive order that would dramatically staunch the record flow of migrants into the southwest. This could even happen in the two weeks before the address, allowing Biden to say he took actions while Republicans just talk.Will that be enough for the American voter? What executive order is he thinking about?HAWLEY: It won't be enough. And listen, he's the reason why the border is open. There hasn't been any change in the law from the last president, President Trump, to this president. The only change has been Joe Biden. And I tell you what, Kayleigh, I've had Alejandro Mayorkas, Biden's homeland security secretary, say to me directly, multiple times, that the Biden border policies are working.And that's them telling the truth, they are working because they want the border open. This is their policy. So this is all because of Joe Biden. It's 100 percent on him and he's the one American workers can look to and say, man, you are costing us our jobs, you are costing us our security, you're costing us our farmland, it is on him.MCENANY: It's on him and it's even spilling to our northern border. "The New York Post" is reporting that there illegal immigrants considering crossing from Mexico City, Juarez, wherever in Mexico. And if they have $350, they just buy a ticket, a plane ticket to Canada and cross our northern border where border crossings are up 240 percent.So, is it so bad that now we're seeing a northern border problem as well, Senator?HAWLEY: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, it's anywhere that the illegals can get in and we should just be clear about this, the cartels are in charge here. This is an invasion by the cartels. They are making money like nobody has ever seen before, they are running drugs.I mean in my state, Kayleigh, we are absolutely overrun with Fentanyl, with meth. Where's it coming? Across the border. Now a lot of it's made in China to go back to these Chinese nationals crossing our southern border, but it's all coming across the southern border and now the northern border, too.This is what Joe Biden's policies are doing. It's poisoning our kids. It's poisoning our communities. It's taking away our jobs. This is Joe Biden's war on Middle America.MCENANY: So sad, I'm glad though that Biden has discovered he has a pen. Now, let's see if he uses it ahead of the State of the Union.Senator Hawley, thank you very much.Well, coming up, the Biden administration is reportedly slowing their shift to electric vehicles, interesting. But their end goal remains the same. Brian Brenberg, Tammy Bruce here with more as the special edition of "Hannity" continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of "Hannity".Looks like the Biden administration has realized their electric car obsession is not going over well with the American people. Right now, Biden's EPA is preparing to issue the strictest tailpipe emission rules of all time, a rule so intense that it would require two-third of all cars to be electric. But his team knows America is not ready for that. So they are now according to reports planning to set the requirement to take effect starting in 2030. That would be long after Joe Biden leaves office even if he wins a second term.Meanwhile, Democrats at the local level are following the Biden administration's green new deal hysteria with New York City possibly banning Tide pods and dishwasher pods, saying they are bad for the environment. Of course, they are because they leave behind microplastics when they dissolve.Here with reaction are the FOX News contributor Tammy Bruce, and the co- host of "The Big Money Show" on FOX Business, Brian Brenberg.Brian, so this is a "New York Times" report, three sources familiar with the plan say that this is a gesture to auto workers. It's a gesture to labor unions, but I say it's a gesture to the entire voting electorate.BRIAN BRENBERG, FOX BUSINESS HOST: Yeah, don't break out the champagne yet. They're not going to change anything, Kayleigh. You hit it on the head. What they know is the American people can't stand the EV push. The thing is they don't take that concern seriously. They just take it politically.They're going to say now, whoa, we're going to slow down. We hear you, America, don't worry about it. But then guess what? If for some reason, Biden gets back into office, that same EPA that made up this whole thing is still going to be in charge, and just like that, they can say, oh, you know, it turns out actually the environment is really, really bad and so we are going to do it starting in 2027.This is called bait and switch politics, but they're playing a long-term game here. There is no way they're making life easier for you if you want to get around in your car.MCENANY: No chance. It's a ploy, Tammy Bruce. And "The New York Times" cites intense crosswinds of reelection as part of the reasons. I have a feeling we're going to see a lot of actions like this on immigration, other issues because of the, quote, intense crosswinds of reelection.TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, indeed. It just also goes to show you that it's never really about a true commitment to the issue, right? That they see something and they've really got to make it happen, if in fact they might lose their job.The fact of the matter is though of course is that they would do this anyway. They've known that and it's the unions actually as opposed to a gesture to them, the unions have been saying let's not do this because jobs are going to be lost, because it actually won't work, because we don't have the energy, right, the electricity stations, the charging stations for the cars. The Biden administration, and the Democrats know this. But they're doing it anyway.Right now, we're at about 7 percent electric vehicles. So in that 9-year period of time, you mentioned, Kayleigh, to get us up to 67 percent, and they're just moving along forgetting about the fact that we already have a problem with our grids, we have a problem with the stations, we have -- we can't really make it happen. It's like a wish fantasy.And so I think this is what finally the automakers are saying, yeah, nobody wants the cars because can't afford them. He's created an economy where you can't afford to buy these cars and if you want to change a battery, it's going to cost you $20,000. That does not appeal to the American people.MCENANY: And Brian, there's this like inverse correlation, the more Biden pushes this, the more people hate it. But what's interesting is Gen Z, okay, Gen Z, 61 percent, we have this poll said, they were interested in EVs and it dropped in a year period to 41 percent. Look at that.So Gen Z is waking up. Is it the cost here?BRENBERG: Well, I think Gen Z is realizing everything under Biden has gotten more expensive and so, they're figuring out if they can make, you know, the things I buy at the grocery store more expensive. He can probably make my cars more expensive. Good for Gen Z.The thing about it is when you start to earn a paycheck and you start to look at that paycheck and you realize how much government takes from it, all of a sudden, all of that kind of liberalism that you might have gotten during college starts to melt into something that kind of bears a resemblance to -- I don't know, reality based conservatism. And I think maybe Gen Z starting to get it.MCENANY: Maybe they are. I mean, we've seen that in polling where they've moved towards former President Trump.Tammy, it's interesting to me just how nakedly partisan this is, right? It's like progressives -- Biden saying, don't worry progressives. We're going to do this. We'll give you your green stuff. It's just going to be in 2023.But common sense Americans, every day, you know, Americans, don't worry. We're not pushing these multi-thousand vehicles on you.BRUCE: Yeah, and I think this is -- if Democrats realize this -- liberals realize that they've been taken for a ride, you know, no pun intended, that they're just being lied to and strung along with plans that might be implemented in nine or 10 years and this is what we intend to do. But they are never really able to tell people what makes this better, what -- how this makes their lives better, right?There's also I think a concern that when you realize that right now you can get gas when you want and that it's private and that you know you can pay for it there's gas stations, but we now realize with rolling blackouts in California and other places and they tell you to not charge up your car because the grid's already too overburdened, there's an awareness coming in about the absurdity of what it is that's happening.And that includes the Tide pod proposed banning in New York, a city that is falling over itself to open up pot stores and you can't walk anywhere in New York without being in a cloud of marijuana and they're worried about the Tide pods and single use sheets for cleaning because of microplastics as everyone's you know destroying their lungs and wandering around New York high.It's -- the absurdity I think is shocking everyone across political lines.MCENANY: Fantastic points and on that note, Brian, are you prepared to give up your dishwasher pods as you drive through clouds of marijuana smoke?BRUCE: Right.BRENBERG: Well, I don't know. I've got kids. So they're kind of my -- they're kind of my dishwashers I guess. So those have to scrub a little bit harder these days.MCENANY: My daughter Blake's four years old, she wants to wash dishes now. So good for her.BRENBERG: There you go.BRUCE: Excellent.MCENANY: I agree with you.Brian, Tammy, thank you very much.Well, coming up, Charles Barkley gave the city of San Francisco a reality check last night. We'll tell you what he said and get reaction from Tomi Lahren and Leo Terrell, next, as this special edition of "Hannity" continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of "Hannity".As California's crime crisis continues to spiral out of control, Charles Barkley blasted the city of San Francisco for its homeless problem during the NBA all-star game last night, calling it a city full of, quote, homeless crooks and he said that nobody can walk around San Francisco without a bulletproof vest.Here now with reaction, FOX News contributor Leo Terrell, along with the host of Outkick's "Tomi Lahren is Fearless," Tomi Lahren.Leo, I think Charles Barkley and in all places, you know, the NBA games airing a sporting event, I think he spoke for a lot of people in that moment.LEO TERRELL, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Thanks for having me, Kayleigh.Charles Barkley told the truth and he got some push back from I think Candace Parker and Draymond Green saying that's not true.MCENANY: Yes.TERRELL: Let me tell you what's happening. Draymond Green and Candace Park are shielded, they're shielded from the crime every day. They don't see it. They don't -- they're not in it. And so, what they did, they were disingenuous in making the statements and pushing back against Charles Barkley.Barkley is right. Crime is occurring everywhere. But when you're rich, when you're famous, when you're an elitist like Candace and Draymond Green, they don't want to admit it because they don't see it every day. The average citizen, Kayleigh, we see it every day that the crime is rampant is out of control, but they're in denial.MCENANY: And, Tomi, you know who sees it every day, our parents whose kids go to school, next to homeless people who are, some of whom are doing drugs, some of whom may have fentanyl and these little kids are the ones walking around walking to school in the middle of it.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Yeah, there are many cities and entire states even like California where you can't go to a public park anymore, you can't ride a public transportation for that same reason. You don't know what transient is going to be there. You don't know if they're going to be on drugs, or they're going to pull their pants down. You just don't know what you're going to get.But I would caution Americans out there that don't live in California, just remember that your vice president is from California who I believe is going to be the Democrat nominee. Gavin Newsom is the governor of California. California also birthed Nancy Pelosi and many others.So when you're thinking about what you're going to do in November, just remember the state of California should serve as a cautionary tale. If you don't want to California your America, probably don't vote for the leaders that destroyed that great state and it's a great state that's hard to destroy because as Leo knows, it's so naturally beautiful. But nonetheless, they've destroyed it.MCENANY: It's a really good point., Don't California you're America, I love that, Tomi.But, Leo, you know, Charles Barkley, he's spoken out before on this. I found out that the '22 Western Conference game, there apparently was a leak in the American Airlines Center, this was in Dallas, and he said this, quote, the bad thing about all this rain is it's not raining in San Francisco to clean up those dirty streets they got there. San Francisco, it's a great city, but all the dirtiness and homelessness. Y'all got to clean off those streets.I mean, Leo, does it -- is it going to take more people like Charles Barkley speaking up repeatedly to get something fixed?TERRELL: Yes, and it's going to take a complete changeover of Democratic leadership in California and New York and Chicago. Let me be very clear, Kayleigh. They could clean it up if they wanted to. I'm old enough to remember when they Chinese president was here in San Francisco, cleaned it up.But I want people to understand, homelessness is a profit maker for Democrats. They campaign on it. They raise money on it. They don't want it to end because they can use it to exploit those who are being on the -- who are on the streets.Just like the Super Bowl a couple years ago in California, in L.A., streets were clean. But it is a profit making machine for the Democrats.MCENANY: You know, Tomi, I read in the press. To your point about Nancy Pelosi and Gavin Newsom, and all these leaders that come from California, our vice president, I read in the press that Gavin Newsom takes an interest in San Francisco, almost a managerial one. He realizes the images coming out of San Francisco could be tethered to his legacy moving forward, perhaps if he ran as a presidential candidate in 2028 perhaps if he ran as a presidential candidate. I don't know, in 2024, should the deck be reshuffled.What do you make of that?LAHREN: Well, I think that Gavin Newsome is do doing the most to try to trick people and gaslight people with smoke and mirrors into thinking California is this great place. That's why he's also sending prosecutors to the Oakland area because he wants to clean it up because he no doubt has presidential ambitions. I'd also like to note for a lot of folks that are unfamiliar with California, Leo knows this well, he lives there. I used to live there.A lot of these homeless people that are around, that are going into these stores shoplifting or just around on the streets, a lot of them actually would be locked up if not for the felon coddling policies of California. Sure, there are some that are just down in their luck that are homeless, a lot of veterans as well, but there are some that are actually dangerous and because of California's policy, they're out wandering around. So that just adds more to the problem here.Gavin Newsom's got a lot on his hands to take care of and just a few short months to do it, Kayleigh.MCENANY: Yeah, Leo, I only have about seconds here and you're such a great conservative, so I don't want to tag you by saying you're governor, but nevertheless your Governor Gavin Newsom made liberal very different ideologically. Do you think he could be the Democratic nominee maybe in a reshuffling at convention?TERRELL: Let me think about that, yes. And that's scary. Very scary. Because Joe's not going to make it. I think we all can see he's not going to make it.So Gavin Newsom, the only problem is very quickly, they're going to play the race card, because Kamala is going to say, what about me? I'm next in line. So expect some tension.MCENANY: Yeah, he may not be a great governor at all, but I will give him this. He's a great communicator. He would be a formidable force in the Democrat Party.All right. Leo, Tomi, thank you.More of the special edition of "Hannity" right after the break.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MCENANY: Welcome back to the special edition of "Hannity".Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left for tonight. Remember you can catch me weekdays at noon on "Outnumbered" right here on the FOX News channel. We have big day tomorrow because at noon tomorrow in Greenville, South Carolina, Nikki Haley is set to give a speech on, quote, the state of the presidential race. That'll be interesting, vague. Watch "Outnumbered" tomorrow at noon.Gutfeld is next. Have a great night.