MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. We're back with a FOX News alert.In Texas, the FOX News decision desk can project former President Donald Trump will win the primary in the state of Texas, President Biden will win the Democratic primary, and Texas has the second-highest numbers of delegates at stake for both parties tonight. So a lot of delegate haul for Biden and for Trump in Texas tonight.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Let's go to the Northeast, up to Massachusetts. The former president will win the state of Massachusetts.And we are watching closely this story out of Vermont still too close to call. The FOX News decision desk believes we have a very close race there. As you can see, it has flipped to the former president.Here is the state of the race on the Republican side so far tonight. The delegate count, 297 to 43. There you can see all of the states that the former president has won so far and the District of Columbia in Nikki Haley's category.Let's go back to Aishah Hasnie. She's at Mar-a-Lago down in Palm Beach. And it sounds like the crowd is getting ready to hear the former president at sometime.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yes, they are good evening to you, Bret. And I was just about to turn around and look because the crowd was cheering very loudly because he just announced another state taken by the former president. And so every single time we see that, the crowd goes wild and it's the room has filled up quite nicely, not the thousand people that we kept hearing throughout the day, but definitely several hundred are here tonight.I've seen Congressman Byron Donalds of Florida. I've seen Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene here, Pam Bondi is here. Some folks staffers from the state legislature are here, Moms for Liberty. A lot of different types of Trump supporters are here, really supporting the president. The crowd is jubilant. There they go again, very excited. Now they're cheering for us I guess.I was able to ask if there is alcohol here, and there is. There is a cash bar though. There is a cash bar, and I was able to ask the campaign if they're going to maybe pop some champagne later tonight. They said they'd get back to me.Let's send it back to you, guys.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: That's good. Well, at least they're right -- watching the right channel.MACCALLUM: Well, yeah, and they obviously have a lot to celebrate, even so far tonight as we wait for some more states to come in.Let's bring in Sean Hannity.Sean, good to have you with us. You know, it is remarkable, Sean, on this Super Tuesday when you look back over the last several years and all of the times that many, many people looked at this situation and did not see the incredible resilience of Donald Trump, of this political figure and his extraordinary commitment to doing this over again, despite the fact that every arrow in the quiver had been thrown and fired at him over and over and over, Sean.SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: You know, the term I use and I know I repeat myself but I think it bears repeating is we're really watching history. Let me start there, but Donald Trump defies all conventional political gravity. None of the -- none of the rules that we thought would apply to any presidential candidate apply to him.And we see that he gets indicted, his poll numbers go up. He gets arraigned, his poll numbers go up. He gets a mug shot, his poll numbers go up. The more they attack him, the more -- the more he seems to galvanize support around the country.What's fascinating and I know you've gone over a lot of polls tonight, one that really stood out to me was 10 percent of Biden voters are now voting for Donald Trump. Look, you have "The New York Times"/Siena poll. You have the FOX News poll. You have "The Wall Street Journal" poll, CBS, he beat the 50 percent threshold.And then you look at Gallup. He's at 38 percent, an approval rating that is near record low for an incumbent president. Very difficult to overcome.You look at the ABC poll, you've got 86 percent of Americans thinking that he's not strong enough cognitively to be president. He's too old. That shows up in pretty much every poll.Then you've got to look historically. What do we always look, look at in election years? What drives elections? What drives people to the polls?Usually, it is peace and prosperity. Okay, well how are things looking around the world? We've got war in Europe. We've got war in the Middle East.We have a president seemingly in conflict with our number one ally in the Middle East. That, of course, being Israel.On the other hand, he's done everything he can do to turn a blind eye to the Iranian selling oil, some $90 billion to $100 billion worth and, of course, offering $6 billion in a trade for hostages, allowing in a pay -- a payment from Iraq for $10 billion. That's insanity to me.So then you go to the economic front. We now are living in an America where 60 percent of our fellow Americans and I've been there early in my adult life, it's not a fun place to be, are living paycheck to paycheck. And many people are putting bare necessities on high interest credit cards. It is a very tough time.For all the talk for the many months about Bidenomics, and we suspect that we keep hearing leaks that the president will talk a lot about corporate greed and shrinkflation in his State of the Union Address, they have tried that message and he is way upside down on the economy. People do not feel that they were better off than they were four years ago.There -- there's so much anecdotal evidence that that really points to an opportunity for President Trump to really make history in 244 days. That will -- that will come very fast -- that will happen very fast. It's going to be fascinating.Let me -- let me throw a few polls at you if you don't mind. I'll put my glasses on. Look, if you look at climate change, you have -- most Americans by overwhelming majority think Joe's policies have mostly failed. Americans don't want EVs thrown at them. They would like their gas-powered vehicles, they don't want their stoves taken away, their refrigerator taken away. And they don't want their air conditioners taken away.Okay, so he's not even doing well on that. If you look demographically, what do we see? We see African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, young people, suburban women in larger and larger numbers, all -- all of these demographics comprise a very large part of the Democratic coalition or the Democratic base.Donald Trump as of right now today, 244 days out, is doing very well with the those constituencies. Look at Donald Trump with African-Americans. Look at the poll, all demographics. You know, he's at 28 percent with African- Americans. That's massive.If you look further, working class Americans, 58 percent of them believe Joe Biden's policies have failed. Has he improved our image on the world stage? Sixty-one percent of Americans give him a failed grade. On the economy, 61 percent give Joe Biden a big F.Do you feel more safe and secure? Sixty-three percent Joe -- think Joe Biden's, you know, policies have failed, unifying the country. Sixty-nine percent think he's failed. And on the number one issue that we have all covered from Iowa onward, seems to be immigration and you have a whopping 71 percent of Americans that did not buy the three years of lying that the border is secure and the border's closed.Now as of tonight, this is now a new race. This is now President Trump, he will win the Republican nomination. He will have an opportunity to become the 47th president of the United States. And I believe that these are policies -- these are the issues that will define what happens 244 days from now.BAIER: You know, Sean, a couple of things. Karl Rove was talking about how the party needs to come together and unify and he brought out his white board and pointed to all these states and all the people voting for Nikki Haley, some of whom said they had a problem with Donald Trump and weren't going to vote for them. I pushed back and said, in a general election, which is going to happen very soon, whether he clinches March 12th or March 19th, he's going to be the Republican nominee. It then is a binary choice.And so to your point, you know, how people felt in the Trump administration about the economy, about the border, about world affairs, do you think that those people voting for Nikki Haley, Republicans, will come home in a general election, when it is a binary?TRUMP: I do. I think most of them will, not all of them, but let's go back to one number that really popped to me and that was 10 percent of 2020 Joe Biden voters, they are saying publicly to pollsters, they're going to vote for Donald Trump in 2024. That's how dissatisfied they are.Now, that presents a challenge to the president. I would say be magnanimous in victory tonight. Look, running for president is really hard. Every single person over all the years that that I've done this, and by the way, I love nights like tonight. Don't you guys love these nights?BAIER: We do.MACCALLUM: We do.TRUMP: I will -- I will be up at 3:00 in the morning and still watching our coverage and if it's a replay, I'll be watching that too.And it's just a fascinating process to me and so, I think -- yeah, I -- on the other side of that coin, you can look, I would say, okay, some of the demographics that are part of the Democratic coalition, I think some of them will go home. But if Donald Trump could even hold 20 percent of that number that he's showing now in an increase, that would be enough to be a significant win come November 5th.On the other side, I do think that the president has an opportunity to unite the party. And I think the message has to be, there are more things that unite us than divide us. We agree on border. We agree on law and order.We agree on energy independence. We believe -- we agree on peace through strength. We agree that Joe Biden's policies have failed. We believe that the American people deserve better.And maybe the president at some point will reach out to all of his primary opponents and invite them to join him and help him even to the extent that they're willing to -- for the sake of the American people unite around an agenda that will help our economy, help America on the world stage, bring us more prosperity, bring peace around the world and also put America safe, and please secure our borders, please get our budget under control.We cannot spend like this and we cannot have tens of thousands of people from China, Russia, Iran, Syria, Egypt and Afghanistan coming into this country without being vetted. That is the biggest national security threat I think we've ever faced.MACCALLUM: Sean, just real quickly. You know, if as it clearly looks right now, Donald Trump becomes the nominee for the GOP, how much does that galvanize, you know, just watching some of the other coverage earlier tonight, very -- people very, very deeply unhappy, upset that this is where we are four years later? And how much does that energize and galvanize the opposition that has come after this former president so vociferously and so non-stop for all these years, Sean?HANNITY: I honestly at this point, I don't think there's anything left to throw at the guy, throw -- they have thrown everything in the kitchen sink at him, and he's still standing and he's not only standing, he's standing strong. The -- look, I have a lot of good things to say about a lot of his primary opponents. I really do, and I respect all of them. Anybody that steps into that arena, it is a blood sport.I think you both know that I'm into mixed martial arts. You step into the Octagon, I give you full respect. I just -- it is just very hard. And none of them suspect that they're going to lose.However, there comes a point, why did you get into the race? If you got into the race because you believe in the dream that is America, you believe it's our duty and obligation to hand off this country better than we inherited it, then I think that is a galvanizing force could transcend all politics. And I would urge everybody that ran and President Trump, they don't have to be best friends, but they can agree on the fundamentals that that certainly would reverse the downward trend that that Joe Biden has taking the country in.And, by the way, I don't even think that he knows today is Tuesday and that's a problem for this country. And I don't say that flippantly I -- he has not had, if you observe like, we do, what I would call a clean event in months, meaning that he's not mumbling, bumbling, stumbling, not knowing whether to exit stage left or stage right.You've got teams of people, you know, letting him go up the baby stairs of Air Force One because he's not strong enough physically to get up the big boy stairs. We've got a real problem. China's watching, Russia's watching, Iran is watching, North Korea is watching.This is -- this world is a dangerous place and I think things will get really out of control if we don't change course in November.BAIER: Sean, last thing, you know ahead of the midterms, we looked at polls and we thought, this is going to be potentially a blowout for Republicans as you looked at the issue of immigration, as you looked at crime, as you looked at the economy. But then, the Democrats went with a threat to democracy and obviously played on the issue of abortion very heavily in races across the country.I talked to Brit Hume earlier. He said he can't remember polls that were this upside down on a lot of issues for the current president. But should we have that caveat, because clearly, they're going with threat to democracy, and going with abortion heavily as we look at these polls today, and then you fast forward to the general election.HANNITY: Yeah, both of you asking great questions tonight. I got to give you credit.I will say this -- we already know what the Democratic playbook is going to be. It's going to be democracy but -- and it's kind of ironic the people that are doing that are the very people that would unilaterally allow one politician to take a candidate off the ballot for the reason of insurrection, something Donald Trump has never been tried, never been -- even tried with or even -- there's never been a case brought against them on it, never mind convicted of it.So you want to talk about a threat to democracy, I would argue that is a threat to democracy. But, you know, to your broader point, Brett, I will tell you, they're going to run on democracy. They're going to run on January 6. They're going to run on the issue of abortion.I would argue and I think I'm right that, in '22, Republicans were not prepared for how the Democrats would demagogue the issue of abortion and I understand people have very strong convictions. However, if you want to look at it strictly from a political point of view, and I believe in the sanctity of life, but I understand that the country is not where I am.Politically, the country is at probably where Dobbs was at 15 weeks. Republicans need to understand that. if they pick somebody like they did in '22, like Doug Mastriano, who made no exceptions for rape, incest, or the mother's life, I think that is a mistake. They've got to have an answer for the millions and millions of dollars that will be spent on ads about abortion.I was glad to see President Trump come out quickly on the issue of IVF, and with a very strong statement supporting it. And the next thing is Republicans, then it's going to be the other playbook which is Republicans are racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, they want dirty air and water, transphobic, and they want to kill grandma and grandpa.So that will be their playbook. That's all they've got, because they can't run on one thing, Bret and Martha, they can't run on -- are you better off than you were four years ago.BAIER: Sean, as always, we appreciate it. Thanks for the coverage this hour.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Good to see you, Sean. Thank you very much.HANNITY: By way, I got to say this about Hemmer, is he not great at that big board? I used to get a Hannity board.(CROSSTALK)BAIER: He is, he is. He's just waiting around. Let's make a couple calls first.MACCALLUM: Exactly. So, this is the latest call that we've got from our FOX News decision desk. Former President Trump will win the Colorado primary for the Republicans and President Biden will win on the Democratic side in Colorado, once again, no big surprises there.But sometimes, what's in some of these numbers gets pretty interesting as we look around the country. And that is why we go to Mr. Bill Hemmer.(CROSSTALK)BAIER: Sean Hannity is your PR agent.BILL HEMMER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: My name was invoked, yeah.All right. Going to give a quick spin here, I'm going just give you some perspective in the end on all this, okay?Let's start up in Vermont because this race has not been called here, talk about the 55 percent mark earlier. Nikki Haley had a slight lead, Donald Trump has pulled out an advantage of about 800 raw votes, computes to about two and a half percentage points so he's doing better than the last time we checked in, in the state of Vermont.That was seen by a lot of people as like the state that Nikki Haley could win tonight. Let me come out here to Colorado because this was just called a moment ago, with Donald Trump picking up a victory in Colorado.Let me -- let me go to Minnesota just to see what's happening right now. Too early to call, just 1 percent of the vote being reported. We'll see how this changes.Now, I want to come down to Texas. I want to show you -- show you what Trump has done now in eight years, okay? The states been called in Texas. I want to show you where the party was eight years ago and as I go back in time here, everything you see that's blue is a county that Ted Cruz won.Granite was his home state but nonetheless very impressive eight years ago for Ted Cruz, and frankly kind of impressive for what Trump has done now eight years later. And Oklahoma, right, border state to the north, this is where it was eight years ago. It was all blue. It was Ted Cruz and now this is -- this is Donald Trump's party. It's his nomination. The question is when does he get there?Let me try and just get you here to a delegate tracker here now some of this is behind because it's based on the congressional district and all the votes haven't been tabulated yet, but this is where we are just shy of 300 delegates for Donald Trump. So, you get to 1,215, it won't happen tonight. It may happen a week from tonight if not it for sure -- for sure rather should happen two weeks from tonight.So that's where we are guys. Back over to you.BAIER: Okay.MACCALLUM: Thank you, Bill.All right. A live look now at Trump campaign headquarters at Mar-a-Lago where there is a big crowd. They are excited. Aishah Hasnie is there covering that for us. We do expect that we will hear from former President Donald Trump who is at a big winner tonight. coming up shortly. We'll take you there live.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: This is a FOX News alert. Super Tuesday, you're looking live at Mar- a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida. We're expecting the former president of the United States, Donald J. Trump to get out there and accept what are a number of victories. It may be all of them before the night is through.We're looking at a couple of these races to see if they tighten up, as you look at Vermont. It's the tightest of the tight, but right now, 48 percent in, the former president leading 48.5 to 47 percent there. He has won a number of races already this evening.MACCALLUM: He won Virginia which was also another area where Nikki Haley felt that she had a chance. She won D.C. the other day, but that one has gone to former President Trump.So also, former President Trump scored a major legal victory in Colorado this week when the Supreme Court 9-0 unanimously rejected the effort to kick him off the state's ballot.Alicia Acuna reporting live from Denver tonight.Hi, Alicia.ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Martha. Hi, Bret.Yeah, you have to imagine that for former President Trump, tonight's victory in Colorado must be extra sweet when you consider that early yesterday morning, there was still a question of whether or not votes for him would even be counted because of printing deadlines, the Colorado secretary of state had to issue ballots that contained his name. However, they came with a warning saying that if the Supreme Court did not decide his way, that those votes would not be counted.Of course, the Colorado secretary of state,, a Democrat, Jena Griswold, had expressed deep, deep regret and disappointment at the decision by the unanimous decision by the justices of the U.S. Supreme Court to allow former President Trump on the Colorado ballot. She did however have to add that all votes would be counted.And what's interesting is that we've also heard from supporters of Nikki Haley, supporters of President Biden who also said that they also believe that former President Trump should be on the ballot. Did they support him? No, but did they support his right to be on the ballot? Yes.And one other note I will tell you, there was one voter, this one woman who said that she believed that the Supreme Court was going to make the right decision, that wasn't her concern. But the fact that we had gotten to this point at this level, for her, it was simply sad.Back to you.MACCALLUM: Alicia, thank you very much.BAIER: Shannon is standing by with her legal panel in Washington, D.C.Shannon, you have a potpourri of legal issues to talk about if you'd like to choose a couple.SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS HOST: We do, and I think next up is going to be Georgia and Fani Willis. That's where we're going with Jonathan Turley and Andy McCarthy.Okay, so this is another place, Andy, that President Trump's legal team is feeling bullish. We're waiting to see whether the judge there, Scott McAfee, kicks her off, disqualifies her or Nathan Wade from the case. What do you think as we wait?ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think there's a very good chance that not only will Fani Willis be kicked off the case but that her office will be taken off the case. And to me, that's the -- that's the interesting part of it because if the whole case goes to a different prosecutor who's not as invested in this cockamamie RICO theory that she brought in the case, then it's a very different prosecution.BREAM: Yeah.And now, Jonathan, we have somebody else who's come forward. I mean, they had sort of the closing arguments last Friday, but this person is saying if you would be willing to take more evidence in the case, I know more about what happened here.JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No, it's like a series of jump scares in this -- these proceedings. Every day, someone stands up and says, I also have testimony to give. And what's interesting about this one is it's another prosecutor who first of all says that I heard this witness say that the relationship began long before Nathan Wade was hired.Now the judge could easily say, look, we have that in the bag. We already know that I -- that Bradley's testimony contradicted did what he told counsel, and it's pretty clear in his text that he didn't have any problem with his memory when he was talking to counsel.BREAM: And just to remind folks, when he was asked in the back and forth text, when did -- do you know for sure that this started earlier, he said the word absolutely.TURLEY: Absolutely, yeah. And -- but what's what I think is more troubling for the court is that there is a second recounting which says that this prosecutor had heard Willis say that you should not basically -- basically should not give information about our relationship.Now if she actually heard Willis herself say that, either over a speaker phone or in person, that could be viewed as influencing a witness. Keep in mind that Wade and Willis are already accused of filing false statements with the court. They are prosecuting people in this case for that alleged crime. Now, if they're accused of influencing a witness, at least for in Willis's case, that's also one of the counts in this case.So at some point, it becomes untenable that you're being accused of the same conduct you're prosecuting people for. So the question is even before you get to what the judge does is what are they doing in this case? I mean, they are clearly putting their personal interest ahead of their case and their office.BREAM: Well, quickly, Andy, if they are booted from the case, do you think it gets tried before the election.MCCARTHY: I don't think it gets tried before the election anyway, as it's conceived because she doesn't have -- the only thing these 19 people have ever done together is get indicted. She doesn't have a conspiracy and she certainly doesn't have a RICO.BREAM: Well, we await that decision from the judge and for now, I'll take it back to Bret and Martha.BAIER: Shannon, thank you.MACCALLUM: The parry between the legal cases and the election that we talked so much about is now playing out in real time tonight on Super Tuesday, and we do have some more for you from our decision desk as we monitor the White House and Mar-a-Lago where they are watching this very closely. We do expect that we'll hear from former President Trump at the podium you see on the right hand side of your screen very shortly when Super Tuesday's special coverage continues next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: The FOX News decision desk can now project that former President Donald Trump will win Minnesota. That is President Biden who also will win Minnesota, but the former president is going to win the state of Minnesota and there you see it, 73 to 24, only 12 percent in. But based on the raw total and what we know from our surveys, we can make that call tonight in Minnesota.So, you've got the delegates ticking up one by one as he wins these states.MACCALLUM: Yeah, we'll get a breakdown of Minnesota for President Biden as well. That was one area where they were looking at the uncommitted vote as a potentially interesting story. So we'll -- when we get some more numbers on that, we'll go back and tell you that story. But at Mar-a-Lago tonight, they are waiting for the president -- President Donald Trump, the former president to come out.He wants to be president again. He's got a good size crowd there. So let's bring in our panel, talk about what's going on tonight so far.We have Kayleigh McEnany with us, former press secretary at the White House. Marc Thiessen is here as well, Katie Pavlich, Juan Williams and Ari Fleischer.Great to have --BAIER: Charles Payne.MACCALLUM: And Charles Payne.(LAUGHTER)(CROSSTALK)CHARLES PAYNE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You can't see it.BAIER: We have so many people on this panel.MACCALLUM: We ran out of room in the prompter.BAIER: This is a party now. Maybe we should have the open bar.MACCALLUM: Exactly.BAIER: We should have the open bar.MACCALLUM: I think, yeah, we're going to crack that open in about 25 minutes.BAIER: For that, we should start with Charles.MACCALLUUM: Exactly. So, over -- over to you, Mr. Payne, your thoughts on tonight so far?PAYNE: I think tonight has gone, you know, more or less as planned right and, of course, watching from an economic angle, it really is interesting. There are three things that I think President -- former President Trump has gone for him and two wild cards that are creeping into play.Goldman Sachs put together an amazing report of all the recent elections and they say number one, the one -- number one indicator of who will win is consumer spending in the few weeks and months before the election. And right now, where Biden is, all the presidents before him except for Obama all lost.Job growth where Biden is, he's right at the line. We're all the ones who had greater growth, one all that had the similar growth lost. Same thing with inflation, which is not coming down fast enough. The pace of inflation is not slow fast enough.Two other wild cards, gasoline prices are starting to turn up. They really are starting to turn up and build some momentum. And then there's the Federal Reserve. Interesting, the Federal Reserve four out of five times that they cut rates in an election year, a Democrat won. Five out of five times they hiked rates in an election year, a Republican won.Now Wall Street thinks they going to be three rate cuts this year. And they can't come soon enough for Joe Biden those are the things. I'm watching.BAIER: Ari, you've been through Super Tuesdays, when John McCain was running and having to bring a party together at the end of everything which is not an easy thing to do, especially as emotions are flaring and people are upset, what about this job for the former president tonight as we look live at Mar-a-Lago.ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, there is no question the primary was acrimonious and it took years for that to heal. It did not heal as soon as George W. Bush was declared or won the Republican primary states. John McCain remained angry at George W. Bush. George Bush made peace with John McCain, but it was a very unsteady peace.And could you argue that hurt George Bush and how close the election was in the fall of 2000? I don't know, but in a race that close, everything matters.Going forward, you know, the way you heal a party is by speaking in healing language and healing tone. Do you want to crush your opponents or do you want to beat them and welcome them back in? Because you'd rather have them with you than with Joe Biden.And that'll be where President Trump's remarks are going to be important tonight. The Republican Party is a changing party and Donald Trump has accelerated those changes. It's becoming much more a blue collar party, a working class party, a less educated party and a lower income party.But these changes, Bret, started under Ronald Reagan. Reagan in '88 won 62 percent of the college vote. George H.W. Bush when he ran and won, he got 51 percent of the college vote. Donald Trump got 43 percent of the college educated vote.Suburbs, Reagan won 20 percentage points in the suburbs. George W. Bush when he won, won the suburbs by five. Donald Trump lost them by two.These have been longstanding trends that Trump has accelerated and we're on the tip of point now.MACCALLUM: So, Kayleigh, you look at that group of Republicans, conservatives in the suburbs in those places, the highly educated voter that Nikki Haley has done well with over the course of these primaries so far, can the Trump coalition win the presidential election without those people?KAYLEIGH MCENANY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I don't think it's a bet you want to make, because look, I -- if I'm President Trump, I'm thrilled that I'm leading with Hispanic voters in "New York Times"/Siena, I'm thrilled 10 percent of 2020 Biden voters want to come to me. I'm thrilled that I'm rising among the Black community.But I don't want to take any bets. I want registered Republicans tried and true voters election after election to come home to me. And I think tonight, one thing he could say is, look, I think you can gently prod Nikki Haley tonight because she's kind of backpedal on her endorsement language.If he exceeds a thousand delegate mark, he can say, Nikki Haley achieved something great. She is the first Republican woman to ever win a primary. She's arguably the most successful woman in Republican politics. Look, she won D.C., can even be tongue and cheek. I'll give her D.C.However, Nikki Haley has a choice. She said herself today, general elections are choices. I am for all intents and purposes the Republican nominee, you have a choice where your daughter can go running in this country and not fall victim to an illegal immigrant, you have a choice in this country where you can afford a home, and I encourage Nikki Haley and her voters to make that choice.One point I would make quickly because I don't think all the problems with enthusiasm are just on the Trump side. If you flip over and look right now at North Carolina, 72 percent reporting, there are 60,000 no preference voters against Joe Biden. That is no small number. There's more than 10,000 already in Massachusetts with less than 10 percent reporting.That could be a mutiny on the Democratic side. I would take great issue with that if I were President Joe Biden.BAIER: Okay, Juan, what are you looking at tonight and as we get ready to see President Biden in the spotlight on Thursday for the State of the Union?JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: Well, that's what exactly what I'm looking at, I think this is the kickoff. I mean, I'm just looking at these numbers. Everybody can see the clear direction. It's Biden versus Trump, and you see that at the moment, I think we are still in the grips of the Trump show.I think everything is about Donald Trump. And everybody's arguing about Donald Trump, and everybody has an attitude about Donald Trump, and Donald -- how is Donald Trump going to handle Nikki Haley and how is Donald Trump going to handle these legal issues?And -- I mean, he's a fascinating character. I think he defines this era of American politics but if you look at it in this moment, I think that leads to distortion because you're not looking at November, and you're not looking at all the money and believe me, the Biden team has a tremendous money advantage right now. So you're not looking at all the changes that are going to take place by November.One of the things we've been discussing tonight and I heard a lot of this in the decision room is people coming home, Republicans will come home but Democrats also will come home. And why do I say that? You look at the polls and what the polls say is oh we're so concerned about Biden's age and you dig in you say, well, Republicans are going to say that, they're natural critics of the Democrat.But you find there are lots of Democrats who are saying, well, maybe we like somebody else, we're worried about his age. You know, the cliche is the bedwetters. But guess what, the bedwetters come home, too.BAIER: All right. But let me, to Kayleigh's point and I love the bedwater - - bedwetter analogy, but we just have a call now in American Samoa. President Biden will lose to Jason Palmer, a self-described entrepreneur and investor. He is going to win the American Samoa Democratic caucus. This marks President Biden's first loss in the 2024 primaries. Palmer takes four delegates. President Biden takes two.We saw uncommitted with more than 100,000 votes in Michigan. I don't even know who Jason Palmer is. But he is the winner.MACCALLUM: I'm sure that President Biden has spent an enormous amount of time in American Samoa, working on this election.(CROSSTALK)FLEISCHER: -- is about to soar in American Samoa.BAIER: Let me ask about the unity question. There's a lot of focus on unity on the Republican side. But when you talk about the Israel-Hamas, the Gaza issue, when you talk about immigration, when you talk about crime in big cities, there is a unity issue on the Democratic side, Juan.WILLIAMS: Without a doubt, just look at the numbers, look at the polls. But again, when you start diving into it, let's -- let's take the Arab community in Michigan. You say, okay, so fast forward to November, where are you going?Either you're voting for Biden or you're staying home. The big risk for Biden is that you stay home. But it's not the case that you say we're going to go for Trump, the guy who had the Muslim ban, the guy who moved the capital to Jerusalem and, you know, lots of people on the Arab -- in the Arab community would see that as having ignited a lot of the discontent.BAIER: Also, he did the Abraham Accords --WILLIAMS: You go talk the people in the Arab community, that's they're talking about. They had a lot of discontents and I think that you'll see that and that's why it's a matter of stay at home or vote for Biden. That's the choice.But I think you're point is a very important one, lots of dissent among Democrats and I think we see this in the minority numbers, the Black vote, the Hispanic vote. But again, you come back to the big ticket items as we head to November, you come back to abortion, you come back to an improving economy and you come back to the idea that people are saying gosh, chaos.I remember why we didn't vote for Trump in 2020.MACCALLUM: Well, no doubt that's going to be hammered home by the Biden team and we've known for long time that there are a lot of people who don't want the matchup to be what it clearly is, but that the both of these individuals who essentially is a quasi incumbent and an incumbent, so not a big surprise that they're winning their party's nomination, but what comes after that when it starts to play out. We'll continue this conversation.We'll get to Marc and Katie as soon as we get back, and we are awaiting for -- waiting the comments I should say from former President Trump who's having a huge night and a big celebration about to be had in Mar-a-Lago. We'll take you there live next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)MACCALLUM: It is 9:50 on the East Coast. A live look at Mar-a-Lago, where former President Donald Trump is going to deliver his Super Tuesday speech at around 10:15, we are being told this evening.So, obviously, we'll keep a close eye on that. We'll take you there as soon --BAIER: Maybe inching to get there earlier. I'm not sure.MACCALLUM: Maybe chomping at a bit, ready to come out.In the meantime, let's bring in former Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy.Kevin McCarthy, Speaker, good to have you with us. Welcome.KEVIN MCCARTHY (R-CA), FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: Thank you. Thanks for having me.BAIER: Your thoughts tonight? What do you think about this and where the party is headed more importantly? A lot of talk about unifying the party.MCCARTHY: Well, I think it's pretty clear what most people thought throughout this campaign. This race is going to be with President Biden versus President Trump.What's interesting about this, there's a lot of personalities there, but it's really going to be about issues. The top three issues: the border, the economy and foreign policy.What's unique here is both men have different positions. There's contrast. So the voters when they vote are going to make a real difference.What I would look at is, in the last election, in 2020, President Trump came 42,918 votes away from winning. But what were the poll numbers then? President Trump has exact same poll numbers.But this is the interesting part: Biden was a plus 10 favorability. He's now a minus 21. So, what that means is he's in a very bad place, and reelections, when you're the incumbent, is a report card on you.What Trump needs to do is, it's about addition, not subtraction. Not only just to unite the party, but bring Democrats and independents in if you can. This needs to be about rebuilding, restoring and renewing America. Not revenge.And I've watched President Trump bring people back who've said some of the meanest things about him and welcomed them into the fold. He's done it many times before, and I think in that case, he could have a very big night in November and win the Senate and expand in the House.BAIER: Mr. Speaker, this Thursday is the State of the Union. It's the first in a few years that you won't be sitting behind the president of the United States trying to hold your facial expressions one way or another.If you were still speaker today, would you have brought forward that -- that immigration bill that came over from the Senate? Because you know Thursday, we're going to hear from President Biden a lot about the fact that Republicans did not take up what he'll call a bipartisan piece of legislation that should have gone through.MCCARTHY: Well, if I was still speaker, I would not have let the Senate negotiate it. I would have gone and negotiated directly with the president because in that bill, it gives a lot of preference to the president to make a decision whether he can change a law, which you've never have.If you were the speaker of the House, you don't give your power away.When we negotiated the debt ceiling, we got welfare reform, we got NEPA reform. We cut $20 billion from the IRS.The other leaders, Schumer and Hakeem, would never provide that to you. But you have greater strength negotiating directly with the president.If you're speaker, don't give your power to the Senate. Use that majority for greater strength, so you can actually do something much different.So, the question wouldn't be, would I allow the Senate to bring something? The question would have been, we have brought HR-2, what we have actually passed the House when I was speaker, and put that on to the Senate and the president and make him question whether he was going to sign it.MACCALLUM: Talk to me a little bit about Nikki Haley.I'm just looking at some of the numbers that are going by as we're listening to you speak. Vermont is tight, that's not a huge surprise. She campaigned there a lot, but in most of these states, 17, 20, 25 percent, 30 -- 30 percent in some these places.What do you think happens next with her? She has said she will not come out and make a speech tonight, first time in this primary that that's happened. What did it tell you?MCCARTHY: Well, it probably tells me is probably her campaign is going to come to a close, but it's not a close for Nikki Haley. She did a tremendous campaign. She is still standing. She's getting 30 percent in most places.So that means she has a big voice in this party. And if this party, the Republican Party wants to be a big tent, the party I know it to be, and you want to expand, Nikki Haley has a bright future because either one of the two men who are up for nomination this time to win is -- can only have serve on term.So I think she has a very bright future. And I would hope she'd be part of the future administration.She's done a tremendous job at the U.N. She's very capable of her job as governor. She has great force across this nation and she can help unite this party. And I think it would be upon her to find a way where you can find common ground.Look, I watched Bernie Sanders sit down with Biden. I watched Kamala Harris who said some of the meanest things about Joe Biden in the future and sat down with him as well.So, this is an opportunity to put the country before yourself. And also, when I look at President Trump, open this up even further, this party.And I watched when he picked Mike Pence to be his VP nominee, he had -- Mike Pence had endorsed against him just two months prior.BAIER: Uh-huh.MCCARTHY: So, President Trump has proven again that he can open the party up one more time.BAIER: Former Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy, thank you very much for being with us.Meantime, former President Trump about to address supporters at Mar-a-Lago. We will bring you there live as our Super Tuesday coverage continues after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)