SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".Last night's results have made it all but certain that we in America, we will have a rematch between Donald J. Trump and Joe Biden come November. That is, of course, assuming that Joe doesn't have a disastrous fall or complete cognitive breakdown.What we are seeing from Donald Trump, we're watching history frankly. Now, he continues to win contest after contest despite opposition from the radical left and what is a politicized and weaponized system -- Department of Justice.And meanwhile, warning signs there flashing for Joe Biden. He lost the American Samoa caucuses to somebody I know I never heard of. I don't think anybody's ever heard of.And elsewhere, a staggering number of Democratic voters when given the opportunity opted to vote for the uncommitted option. Look there on your page, in a protest against the president. Minnesota almost 19 percent. North Carolina almost 13 percent. Massachusetts more than 9 percent.In Colorado, over 8 percent. Tennessee, 7 percent. And 8 percent in Alabama, 6 percent, and in Iowa, almost 4 percent of voters.Yeah, they selected not Joe. Any other option but Joe, as we continue.Then we have the polls. Look at Gallup, Joe has a 38 percent approval rating. That's near record low. Recently, ABC had 86 percent of Americans saying, frankly, he's too old. Currently, Joe is losing in "The New York Times"/Siena poll, the FOX News poll, "Wall Street Journal" poll, NBC poll, CBS poll -- well, Trump is at 52 percent there. And add to that, he is bleeding massive support among what has historically been the Democratic Party base, including African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, young people and suburban women.Now on the important issues of our time, Joe is viewed as a failure on almost every issue. Now I do add caution to all of this. We are literally 243 days away until election day, which is the equivalent of 10 lifetimes in politics and a lot can and will happen between now and November 5th of this year.But still, over at Morning Joe, liberal Joe, our old friend at MSDNC, he's trying to claim that Donald Trump wouldn't want to debate Joe Biden on policy. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: It's a damn shame that that Donald Trump won't submit to this because he's such a coward when it comes to politics, but it would be great to have Joe Biden right there, Donald Trump right there around any table. And say there's no shouting, there's no this, there's no insults, we're going to ask you about policy and actually have them talk about because Joe Biden, like I said, can take you around the world a hundred times.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, liberal Joe, you might want to look at this, this afternoon, Trump offered to debate Joe Biden, quote, anytime, anywhere, any place. We are now in the midst of the biggest choice election in our lifetime.It's election -- an election choice between the radical left and their insane ideology and common sense American first conservatism and an agenda that's working that would work for the American people, a choice between the climate alarmist religious cultist coming for your cars, your appliances, your stoves, your refrigerators, freezers, washing machines, even your steak, your red meat and other food that you eat, versus not just energy independence but it's a choice between energy dominance, a choice between law and order and safety and security, which is a prerequisite for pursuing happiness in this country versus defund, dismantle, reimagine, no bail laws, and the police bye-bye.It's a choice between a thriving economy, lower taxes, less regulation and lower interest rates, or the Biden policies leading to more than 60 percent of Americans that live currently paycheck to paycheck, a choice between peace through strength or more appeasement of our top geopolitical adversaries, Russia, China, Iran, and others. The entire world is watching a weak and frail Joe Biden, fail to stand up to them on every front. It is a choice between safe and secure borders, or Joe Biden's open borders agenda that is allowing millions of unvetted illegal immigrants into our country from places that hate us, including China, Russia, Iran, Syria, Afghanistan.This is what is at stake come November 5th. And last night, as results were pouring in well over there at MSDNC and their Super Tuesday panel, they were actually mocking Republicans for their concern in this particular case in the state of Virginia over the issues and, of course, well, they also played the race card. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Republican voters don't vote that way. They don't vote based on economics or based on the benefits they're getting economically from the president. They're increasingly from the Tea Party on, they're voting on race. They're voting on this idea of an invasion of Brown people over the border, the idea that they can't get whatever job they want, a Black person got it, therefore drive all the Blacks out of the colleges, get rid of DEI. That is what they're voting on. They're just voting specifically on racial animus at this stage. It isn't about economics.JEN PSAKI, MSNBC HOST: No, which is why Trump killed the immigration bill.REID: Correct.PSAKI: That's why, and because otherwise, he can't run against the other and brown people and people who don't look like him, like his supporters, his base of supporters coming across the border and scaring people and killing people or whatever he's threatening out there.I mean, if you look at some of these exit polls, I mean, I live in Virginia, immigration was the number one issue.I mean, again, these could change in Virginia.RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: Well, Virginia does have a border with West Virginia.(LAUGHTER)MADDOW: Very, very contested area.PSAKI: Like what?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Seriously. I dare them to say that to Laken Riley's parents. Let me educate the sanctimonious conspiracy theory peddling leftist elites over at MSDNC because illegal immigration is a nationwide problem, and Virginia is no exception. And voters were rightfully concerned.Listen to these alleged crimes committed by illegals in the commonwealth of Virginia just in the last year. An illegal immigrant from Venezuela was arrested, why, allegedly sexually assaulting a 14-year-old little girl. Just last month, Jen Psaki, by the way, are you still giggling? Maddow, you giggling too?And this past June, another illegal was arrested, attempting to abduct a four-year-old little girl. And in August, an illegal from Nicaragua was arrested after allegedly fracturing a police officer's skull in a DUI. Also that month, yet another illegal immigrant was charged with abduction and three counts of rape.And this is just the tip of the iceberg. They don't keep national statistics on violent crimes of illegal immigrants. But over at MSDNC, well, you got Jen Psaki, you got conspiracy theorists or extraordinaire Rachel Maddow, and Joy Reid, reed you want to mock this? Why don't you take the time and call their family? See how they feel about it.And you want to mo mock voters and their concerns over what is a very real, clear present danger, which is the biggest national security threat in our lifetime, or as former top FBI officials said an invasion of military age men. It's all frankly repulsive, ignorant, out of touch, but it shouldn't surprise anyone.This is but the latest example in a long list of insults launched at Republicans, you know, irredeemable, deplorable, smelly Walmart shoppers and on and on and on.Here with reaction, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott is with us.Senator, good to see you. Welcome back.Let's just get your initial take on last night and then you know Nikki Haley as well, and she actually appointed you to the U.S. Senate and her --SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Yes.HANNITY: Well, she's suspending her campaign this morning and how she did it.SCOTT: Well, listen, great night for Donald Trump. He ran the tables from sea to shining sea. He had the greatest victory we've seen on a Super Tuesday. Why is that the case? It's the case, Sean, because of what you just talked about.Every single county in America is a border county. Think about the 2-year- old in D.C. murdered by a Honduran illegal immigrant. You think about the 14-year-old young lady in Maryland murdered by another illegal immigrant.Illegal immigration is devastating our country and that's not even including the 70,000 Americans who've lost their lives because of fentanyl. So, of course, the American people are frustrated, irritated and disgusted by Joe Biden's lack of a border policy, an insecure, wide open, unsafe border. It's devastating community after community.We were better off under Donald Trump. We had a closed border. We had respect in our streets. We didn't have chaos.We had law and order. Why? Because we refunded the police, not defund the police.But let me say this, Sean, MSNBC, as you say MSDNC, race card after race card after race card. I'm sick and tired of their tired all race and bait strategy. Four out of 10 Black men aren't being raced and baited. You know why? Because it's clear if you care about our nation and you want a sovereign border, we got to close it. That's good for White people, Black people, Hispanics and Asians.That's why Hispanics today support Donald Trump over Joe Biden. It's why we see millennials who can't buy homes supporting Donald Trump. I'll say it clearly -- we need four more years of Donald Trump because we need four more years of law and order. We need four more years of low unemployment. We need four more years of low inflation.What we cannot take -- we cannot stand four more years of a president --HANNITY: Yeah.SCOTT: -- who is asleep at the wheel and protected by the likes of MSDNC.HANNITY: Maybe the leftists over there would do a little reading and discover Biden's illegal immigrants are now costing the U.S. public -- U.S. public schools now $2 billion a year. Even liberal New York Governor Hochul has called out the National Guard because of New York City crime, these leftist policies.Let me play you one more cut from MSDNC. You got liberal Joe -- now, remember, they love to call Donald Trump a liar. However, these are the same people that never called out Joe Biden lying about the border being secure and the border being closed or Joe Biden saying that he gets -- his staff saying gets more done in an hour than most people get done in a day, lying and saying I never spoke to my -- to Hunter, my brother or anybody for that matter about their foreign business dealings.Over there at NBC News, poor liberal Joe, I don't know what happened to him, he says F you if you can't handle the truth. This version of Biden is intellectually, analytically is the best Biden ever. You can't, Senator, even make this up. Let's roll the video tape.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCARBOROUGH: Okay. Start your tape right now because I'm about to tell you the truth, and F you if you can't handle the truth. This version of Biden intellectually, analytically is the best Biden ever, not a close second. And I've known him for years.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: The White House claimed he gets more done in an hour the most Americans get done, you know, in an entire day. And then they spread this crap. I don't know what to think about. We have -- we have an information crisis over there.SCOTT: Well, we just have -- we have liars. I mean, that is an absolute abject lie.Here's the truth -- they want to find a way to deceive the American people to vote for Joe Biden and the good news is even Democrats are saying enough already. But more importantly, independence and people who love our nation as it is they're saying no more of this nonsense. They don't need to listen to the news anymore, all they have to do is go to the grocery store and say to themselves, I haven't had a -- this hard of a time putting food on the table in 30 years.It has not been this hard to buy a home in 40 years. Why is that the case? It's because Bidenomics is failing the average American, 60 percent of Americans don't have $1,000 in their savings account, Sean, for an emergency.Think about the fact that with Donald Trump as our president, we actually experienced world peace. No conflict in the Middle East. We had no war in Ukraine. We had no challenges with China coming after Taiwan.But put a weak president asleep at the wheel, things get worse.HANNITY: All right. Senator Tim Scott, well said. Thank you for being with us.And here with more reaction FOX News contributor Joe Concha, senior institute at the Hoover Institution, Victor Davis Hanson.Good to see you both.Victor Davis Hanson, let's start with you. Let's -- let's get your overall take on last night. Let's -- what is your take on these poll numbers. I know we're 243 days out, and I know that's an eternity in the political world. How does this play out?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, SENIOR FELLOW AT THE HOOVER INSTITUTION: Well, the left's in full meltdown because they have tried everything and all they have achieved is the greatest political comeback since Richard Nixon in 1962 when everybody wrote him off. And after January 6, they thought they had turned this embarrassing riot into full-blown insurrection. They thought they had destroyed Trump and then they had at one time the House, the Senate, the White House.They had an agenda. They pushed through the most left-wing agenda in probably 80 years and all they did was alienate 65 percent of the American people.Then they turned to lawfare. They can't get him off the ballot. They tried that. They've discussed packing in the court. They discussed admitting new states, getting rid of the filibuster.They've got these four criminal indictments. It looks like Fani Willis will be the prosecutor who's prosecuted. Jack Smith's going to have trouble. Some of them will be reversed on appeal, and they're exasperated.And they're -- they're like an addict, Sean. They know that the more they do this, the more the American people are repelled by them, and Donald Trump's polls go up. But it's a fixation, they can't stop.And they think -- you know, they always talk about humanity but they don't like humans. That collateral damage of people who get killed by their policies on the border it doesn't matter to them. They're cosmically and abstract humane, but they don't treat people in the concrete very nicely.I think the American people have kind of had it with them.HANNITY: Yeah. Joe Concha, probably, the most objective media critic out there. You do deserve your own show. We'd love to have it here at FOX.But in all seriousness, you listen to the giggling, you know, trio last night. I was watching this panel, circle back Jen Psaki, conspiracy theorist Rachel Maddow and Joy Reid in there, are you really going to be giggling that the issue of immigration which has impacted every city, every town in this country and really, they're laughing at the American people and what the American people are saying is a top priority for them?Joe Scarborough, you know, I'm looking at what he said -- you know, F you if you can't handle this, and the truth that this version of Biden is intellectually, analytically is the best Biden ever. Really? That they -- NBC News reports this?JOE CONCHA, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Sean, at MSNBC, tone deafness apparently is not a handicap. I can't even comment what Joe Biden said because as you mentioned, nearly nine and Americans don't believe that this president has the mental acuity to be president now, let alone for another four years. Yet he says, oh, no, I speak to him all the time, he's doing great.And when you look up the definition, by the way, of pious on dictionary.com, you see Jen Psaki and Rachel Maddow, they're there taking a selfie together next to that definition.I'll be blunt. These are insufferable people over there who live in the ultimate safe space of an elitist bubble.A 14-year-old girl as you mentioned in Virginia was just raped by a Venezuelan illegal who entered the country illegally. Just a few m miles from Jens Psaki's mansion in northern Virginia, a 2-year-old toddler was killed in his stroller also by an illegal recently.Meanwhile, Rachel Maddow condemns her own network, the one paying her $30 million a year to work one day a week, it's like Joe Biden schedule, for carrying Trump's victory speech on NBC last night. And she says this while stating she doesn't allow liars on the network. But if that's the case, that means Rachel needs to fire herself because she has lied for seven years that Trump is a pawn of the Kremlin while she simultaneously, you know, bear hugs pathological liars like Adam Schiff and Eric Swalwell and Jamie Raskin when they appear on her once a week program.So this is where we're at, at this point, as far as MSNBC. I used to kind of ignore them and say, well, they wear who they are in their sleeve and we know who they are. This is beyond unhinged, reckless and irresponsible. The problem is management over there will not do a thing because I guess they think the numbers are good. But when you look at the numbers last night, Super Tuesday, they finished last among FOX first, ABC second, NBC third, CNN fourth, CBS fifth, MSNBC was last among the 24 to 44 demo last night that, that advertisers care about.So the MSBNC management, do you think this is working? Because you think you went viral today, that's a good thing? For all the wrong reasons, that happened. This is a train wreck and nobody is watching because that network has become that unhinged, Sean.HANNITY: Victor Davis Hanson, let me ask you this, if you were speaking to Donald Trump right now, after sewing up this nomination last night, it'll - - it'll be official, I guess the 19th. What advice would you give him? What would you tell him to do beyond his base? Doesn't he need some independence?Do you think he can -- he can pull in these numbers that we're now seeing with African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, young people?HANSON: Absolutely. There's a lot of people who want a reason to vote for Donald Trump and they will vote for him. He -- he shown he can be magnanimous. He's got a sense of humor. He's -- he's got to end the ad hominem. He's now our last chance to save the country, and he's got an obligation to all of us.And he has the ability to seek unity. I think he should even call up Nikki Haley and say, you know what, we've had problems, but we're going to need you. He needs those votes.I know it doesn't make good politics, but he's got a campaign in 50 states. He's got to go into the inner city. He's got to go to Mexican-American communities. He's got to everybody.And I think he will do very well if he does that, and he's a different character a different of a different stature in 2016 and 2020. This election, Sean, is about you're either for civilization or you're not, from what we've seen.And he's our -- he represents that effort to save civilization. It really is that existential. And I think he can do it. All he has to do is appeal to unity and the better angels of our nature and unite the country in a way that I think he's got the talent to do it. And he doesn't need to -- to try to polarize his enemies. That they're -- they're self- imploding, they're destroying themselves as we saw on MSNBC.All he has to do is talk for unity, talk about what he's going to do, the agenda, and they'll take care of themselves in their hatred.HANNITY: These are consequential times. There's no doubt about it, and this election will matter, that's for sure.All right. Victor Davis Hanson, Joe Concha, thank you both.When we come back, Hillary Clinton, she's telling you the American people - - deal with it, deal with the fact that Joe Biden is old, as he makes one of the worst blunders we have now seen in weeks. We'll play it for you and more, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Hillary Clinton, she has some breaking news for America. She wants everybody to know that Joe Biden is old. They need to get over it. You need to get over it. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: And you know, somebody the other day said to me, Zerlina, well, but you know, Joe Biden's old. I said, you know what, Joe Biden is old. Let's go ahead and accept the reality.Joe Biden is old. So we have a contest between one candidate who's old but who's done an effective job and doesn't threaten our democracy. And we -- and we have another candidate who is old, barely makes sense when he talks, is dangerous and threatens our democracy. So, really, pick between your two old ones and figure out how you're going to save our democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Between her and our giggling vice president, it's more entertaining by the day. But, of course, age is not Biden's real problem. It is his obvious cognitive struggles and he never misses an opportunity to remind us.Here is a clip from just yesterday. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I better not start the questions, I'm get in trouble.REPORTER: What's your message --(CROSSTALK)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Thank you so much, guys. Thank you so much. Thank you all.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Dazed and confused. And they says, they get really mad at me when I do this, when I answer a question, I get yelled at, and everything and I won't get my ice cream.So, well, Hillary, we don't need to settle for a weak, frail, cognitive mess as the president of our great country. Now with his reelection bit in serious trouble, Joe Biden is betting a lot on his State of the Union Address tomorrow night.Here is my prediction for how he will do and it may surprise you, he's going to do fine. Now, Joe Biden's been prepping for days on end, hiding out of Camp David, out of public view for days. He's been meeting with aides about this speech, going over it again and again and again, and practicing again and again, working on it every spare moment that he has that he's awake.His staff has been changing his schedule so we can stay up later than usual tomorrow night and you know he's going to be pumped up with caffeine or whatever, maybe Red Bull.Let's be honest, the State of the Union Address is the easiest speech to get through anyway. It is a complete lay up. Even the clearly cognitively compromised Joe Biden can get through this. Half the room will spend half the night clapping for pretty much anything that he says.Every couple of lines, there'll be an applause break. It gives them time to rest and regroup and when it's all over, his friends and the media mob will say this is the best speech I've ever seen him ever give, and then they'll even lie like the White House has been saying, Joe gets more done in an hour than most of you the American people get done in a whole day.Here with reaction, former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, the co-host of "The Big Money Show" on FOX Business, Brian Brenberg, is with us.All right. Reince, am I wrong in my observation? I mean he couldn't do the Super Bowl interview. I think that's very revealing. But when it comes to the State of the Union, you read a few lines, they clap, you take a drink of water. If Nancy Pelosi was the speaker, you'd watch her tearing up a Donald Trump's speech, not that hard to do. Is it?REINCE PRIEBUS, FORMER WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF: Not hard to do but I'm not sure how it's going to go tomorrow night. I mean, I think things have changed in the last year --HANNITY: They're still worried for him.PRIEBUS: -- and listen, you -- you're right, it's not about age. I mean being, you know, what the Democrats are doing now is they're trying to turn this whole argument into -- he -- well, yeah, he's old and they're both old.It's not about being old. It's what my mom says now that she's older and she's sharp as a tack, she'll argue anyone under the table. But she always says, you know, the older you get, the more important it is to act younger than you are.And let's not forget the Hur report. In the Hur report, they talked about, you know, diminished faculties, a bad memory and they said he committed the act of the will for retention of documents but then they said, but, we don't know if he's competent enough as a witness to stand trial. And that tells you everything you need to know.And in 70 -- in the exit polls yesterday, 73 percent of Democrats said that the person they were voting for was too old to be president and 75 percent said they wish that they had a different candidate.So, look, Joe Biden's at rock bottom, not to mention the economy and everything else and where they're -- how they're doing with women, with Black voters, with Hispanic voters, with young voters, with voters in the Midwest.We've got to be sharp because it's going to come down to 100,000 votes in five states and it's going to be a dog fight.But Joe Biden's at rock bottom and I agree with what you're saying. And it's actually pretty scary for the country.HANNITY: And if what they're telegraphing -- Brian, they've been out there pushing Bidenomics, and what they're telegraphing more likely to hear tomorrow night is, well, forget about the buck stops with him. He's going to blame greedy corporations and shrinkflation on companies, and attack them for his failed policies. And after three years of saying the border is secure and the border is closed, he's going to blame Republicans for the issues involving the border, which is -- it's not really even funny considering the danger that he has now put the country in with nearly 10 million unvetted illegal Joe Biden immigrants from countries that are our top geopolitical foes in many cases.BRIAN BRENBERG, FOX BUSINESS HOST: Yeah, let me just go to the economics since that's my thing. He's going to cite the authority of a Muppet to tell you that shrinkflation with cookies is our biggest problem.HANNITY: Cookie monster.BRENBERG: That's right. And then what he's going to do is create a strike force of his FTC and his DOJ and, of course, that's the Elizabeth Warren wing of his bureaucracy. And what they're going to start doing is suing more companies. They're going to make companies lawyer up to defend their higher prices which means what? Your prices are going to go up as these companies have to lawyer up.He's going to accomplish exactly the opposite of what he said, and he's going to do it based on bogus Muppet economics, while he ignores the real issues in this country and, Sean, I hope for our sake as a country, he nails his State of the Union tomorrow night, but I will tell you, if you want to bet a dinner on that, I'd be the first guy to take you up on it.HANNITY: Well, all right, you got a deal, I'll take the bet. I always like, you know, a good fun bet.BRENBERG: All right.HANNITY: But we know what their game plan is, they've telegraphed. You just heard Hillary, democracy imperil, ironically from the same people that would like one politician, even though Donald Trump's never been charged with insurrection, they want to try, convict him, kick him off the ballot, if you want to talk about democracy imperil. They'll talk about Donald Trump as evil. They'll talk about January 6th. They'll talk about and demagogue abortion and then the usual, Reince, Republicans are racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, transphobic, they want dirty air and water, and they want to kill granny and grandpa.So that's their whole plan. They can't run on -- are you better off than you were four years ago? That's what they do every two and four years. Will it be successful?PRIEBUS: I don't think it's going to be successful because you got to look at the numbers. Twenty-four percent of the American people say we're on the right track, number one. Number two, on the issue of democracy, Trump and Biden are tied on the issue of who would be better for democracy, for all the work they've put into this, they're tied.And the other thing is if they really thought democracy was in -- was actually going to be in danger, our republic is going to go down, why would they be sitting there with Joe Biden? Either they don't believe the talking point or they're lying. But one of the two.The last thing, this shrinkflation is in the inflation issue itself is one of the reasons why the middle class is flooding to the Republican Party because these people have flooded the markets with too much money and guess who's paid for it? All the people in the middle. And by the way, they're also populating our military with their kids and what are they getting from this economy? Nothing. They're getting nothing, which is why they're losing the middle class and they're losing in the Midwest.HANNITY: All right. Reince Priebus, thank you.And, Brian, our bet is on. We'll see. I'll talk to you either later this week or next week.All right. When we come back, the House Oversight Committee, they just invited Hunter Biden to public test -- to publicly testify, alongside his former business associates. He said he wanted to do this, will he do it? And our criminal referrals next? James Comer will tell us, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And breaking today, oversight committee chairman James Comer is now inviting Hunter Biden to appear at a public hearing along with a few of his business associates, including Tony Bobulinski and Devon Archer. Now, remember, Hunter and his team, they have been demanding a public hearing for months. Originally, they said that he wouldn't show up for anything other than a public hearing.But now, well, not so sure after his deposition, Hunter's lawyer said, quote, oh, there's nothing left to say. Oh, there's plenty of questions to ask. So it's to be determined.In terms of whether Hunter will show up or not, my guess is that was nothing more at the time than a PR stunt to get him out of the deposition.Here with the very latest, House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer is with us.Now, the general practice is that if you subpoena somebody, they come in. They give a deposition. They give it under oath, both Republicans and Democrats my understanding is you get an hour each per side, then you go an hour you switch on and off, correct?REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): That's correct.HANNITY: How did that -- how did that go when Hunter was in there in your view?COMER: I think it went great. You know, the Republicans, we went the first hour, we asked a lot of questions that first hour, substantive questions about specific transactions, with some of these shady LLCs that the -- that the president's son had. And we got him on record.I'm not going to say yet whether or not we believe the truthfulness of what he said about some of the transactions and some of the wires and some of the sources of the money but we did that. And that's what a deposition is all about.Then the Democrats had an hour and they spent -- they only took 20 minutes of their hour and they were telling them how proud they were of him, that he overcame his drug addiction and all that. I mean, it was -- it was embarrassing how the Democrats treat.They're not serious about an investigation. They're not serious about preventing influence peddling. They're not serious about holding one accountable.But we did that deposition. We got a lot of substantive answers. But what we found was his answers, believe it or not, Sean, are very different from what his associates answers were when asked the same question and the question's revolving around Joe Biden's involvement.So we want to bring everyone in together and try to iron out the discrepancies in testimony. So we brought in -- we're going to bring in three of bar -- of Hunter Biden's former business partners, as well as Hunter Biden and hopefully, we can figure out what the real truth is and the American people can see it live and in a transparent manner.HANNITY: Why do I suspect that that was a PR ploy to try to get him out of the deposition where the real questioning takes place? Because a lot of things probably that you've been asking him behind closed doors under oath are not things that maybe the public could know about. So I think it's doubtful.Now, I understand the issue of criminal referrals has come up. Are you prepared to bring criminal referrals to some of the people involved in this family endeavor if you will?COMER: I'm very prepared, Sean. The purpose of this investigation was to get the truth to the American people, and then hold people accountable for wrongdoing. And we found a lot of wrongdoing. We found a lot of criminal activity involve. Multiple people involved in these schemes. So we're going to do what we can to hold them accountable.You know at the end of the day, what does accountability look like? It looks like criminal referrals. It looks like referring people to the Department of Justice. And if Merrick Garland's Department of Justice won't take any potential criminal referrals seriously, then maybe the next president, with a new attorney general will.At the end of the day, my goal's always been accountability. And I think that that's how you actually hold people accountable. Look, we've got to set an example for people that commit crimes. And in addition to the crime, Sean, what we found is a cover-up. I would like to name names of people that were involved in the cover up.Look, the Biden's have been investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, by the IRS, by the FBI by multiple U.S. attorneys in multiple districts within the Department of Justice but yet nothing ever happened. We need to hold people in the government accountable because we have government agencies we spend a lot of money paying these investigators, paying for these investigations, and people should be held accountable.We should not have a two-tier system of justice in America. And by looking at all the Biden activity, it's obvious we do have a two-tier just -- criminal justice system in America.HANNITY: Can you explain his answer on the WhatsApp message? I believe it he said that he was out of his mind, either high on drugs or drunk at the time. I've looked at the message many times, it seems fairly coherent for somebody that's claiming to be out of their mind or high on drugs or, you know, stoned out of their mind or drunk.And it's interesting because my understanding is he didn't remember a single thing, didn't remember if he sent the message, didn't even know if the message really came from him, but he did remember one thing that his father wasn't there when he sent the message. I find that highly suspicious. He forgot everything else about the message except the fact that Joe was wasn't there. That I remember.COMER: Yeah, he played the drug card often when he would get backed in a corner. He never pled the Fifth, but when he didn't want to answer a question, he said, look, I was high, I was on drugs. I can't remember anything.But I do remember my dad wasn't there. He went on to say when pressed further in the deposition and you can do that in the deposition, that's why I wanted to do the deposition first, you're not constrained by that 5- minute clock in a -- in a committee hearing. And we said, well, you know, how do you remember that that your dad wasn't there but you don't remember send the message? He says, well, I don't believe I sent it to that particular Chinese person. That last name, that's a common name in China and I think I sent it to another person.But what's odd -- you look at the -- at the WhatsApp stream and that person kept responding back to Hunter Biden. They were communicating back and forth. It's obvious and at the end of the day, what Hunter Biden was doing was extorting money from that Chinese national days after that WhatsApp message, the $5 million was transferred into his bank account.So, for Hunter Biden to say he didn't remember sending the message or he sent it to the other person but his dad wasn't there, that's all he remembers, you know, no one in America would believe that.HANNITY: And that money was sent only days later if my memory serves me right, correct?COMER: That's correct, that's correct.HANNITY: Well, well, let me then ask you this question because I think this is important. Can you confirm and has your committee confirmed whether or not Hunter was at Joe's house and whether Joe was there at the time that the messages went back and forth?COMER: If you look at the laptop, that particular day, there are pictures of Hunter in the house on that particular day. Now, we haven't confirmed whether or not Joe Biden was at the house, but it was -- but Hunter Biden was at Joe Biden's house that particular day according to pictures on the laptop.So, you know, the evidence would point that there's a high possibility that Joe Biden was in fact sitting beside his son. But Hunter said under oath that even though he was drug -- high and on drugs, he couldn't remember anything except that his dad wasn't sitting beside him when he sent that message.HANNITY: That's very convenient for his father, isn't it? Pretty amazing.All right. We'll look forward. We're going to wait for those criminal referrals and see what happens.James Comer, thank you.Straight ahead tonight, the left, they're finally starting to take crime in big cities seriously, maybe too little too late. But even liberal New York Governor Kathy Hochul is now deploying the National Guard to New York City subways. We'll tell you more about that as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: In New York, their mayor is Eric Adams. He announced plans to have more police deployed in subway stations to check bags after the city saw a whopping 20 percent increase in subway crime, in the first two months of 2024.Following this, the very leftwing governor of New York, Kathy Hochul, pledged to send state National Guard troops to assist police at busy subway stations to help search bags. And out there in San Francisco, voters approved public safety ballot measures that increase policing, police surveillance, require mandatory drug screenings to those that receive government assistance.Now the mayor there, London Breed, well, backed the measures as she now faces a very tough reelection in November.Here now with reaction, retired NYPD inspector, FOX News contributor, Paul Morrow is back with us.Paul, little -- too little too late in my view and it doesn't deal with the fact that look at what's happening in Times Square and other parts of New York where police are being targeted and beaten up by illegal immigrants. That now has happened more than a couple of times.PAUL MORROW, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, Sean, thank you for having me. And, yeah, isn't it astounding that the very people who told us we needed a vast overhaul of the country's criminal justice system and then has since told us there's nothing to see here, everything's going great, crimes going in the right direction are now willing to put a military force into the New York City subway system to try to combat conditions that they created.You know, nationally, Sean, it's a paradigm that I call defund, destroy and deflect, right? They defunded the police, they went along with all these reforms, we got the Soros prosecutors, we got the decarceration movement, all of that. We got all the reaction to the George Floyd event, and then we destroyed our cities.The jewels in our crown, our centers of commerce and culture and innovation, and now, it's deflect time because a lot of the people that we're talking about here, they're looking at reelection campaigns coming soon, and they know what the numbers are and they realize that finally, the public's on to them.HANNITY: But you know, the worst part is New York, look at the case of the guys that were beating up those cops in Times Square. Okay, no bail, they're released, they flipped the double bird to New York on their way out to the sanctuary state of California where they'll get free health care and first time home buyer benefits perhaps in the future.Reaction?MORROW: Yeah. I mean, you know, this -- that was a something of a watershed moment I think for a lot of the country. It's I think what really put along with the tragic killing of Laken Riley that really put this stuff on the radar screen. We realize that we are now importing a whole another problem as an overlay to the issues we're talking about. I think only now we're getting wise to it. It's going to be with us for a while and I think it's going to be a big issue in this campaign.HANNITY: As a number of top FBI brass have said, I'll say it again, this is an invasion of military age men and we know they're coming from some of our top geopolitical foes and a clear and present danger.Thank you for being with us.When we come back, a controversial Democratic mayor just did something well beyond outrageous. Kevin Cork, he has the very latest, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: Controversial Democratic mayor who is under investigation by the FBI, well, has just vetoed an attempt by a local board to probe her alleged misuse of funds.Our own Kevin Corke has the very latest tonight.Kevin, my understanding is she makes a lot more than the average person -- the average constituent I think makes about $24,000 a year if I recall.KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, and she loves to spend money apparently, Sean. We're talking about Tiffany Henyard, and she actually vetoed a resolution seeking to investigate her spending following allegations that she misused taxpayer money on lavish trips and her own -- get this -- million dollar police detail. The Dolton, Illinois Village Board unanimously voting to open a probe into her spending and just asking her the basics -- you know, like submit to the village the financial records.And, by the way, they also asked the FBI to investigate. Well, Henyard issued a veto, claiming the resolution was a result of personal attacks. She's been accused of a lot, including spending taxpayer money on those fancy trips and unnecessary trips at that, forking over a mill for a police detail and using the members get this to retaliate against their perceived enemies, exactly the kind of leadership Dolton, Illinois, does not need, Sean.HANNITY: Well said. Great report, Kevin, thank you.Quick programming note tonight, by the way, tomorrow night, we will be live at 11:00 p.m. Eastern right after the State of the Union Address. We got a great lineup. You can see right there, Speaker of the House Johnson, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and much, much more.Set your DVR.Let not your heart be troubled. Greg's next to put a smile on your face.