ANDY MCCARTHY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Even if it was September by the time the Supreme Court stuff all got sorted out on immunity and obstruction, he'd go forward with that.NEIL CAVUTO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I can't keep up with this. I'm glad you can. Andy McCarthy, always good seeing you, my friend.That'll do it here. Let's go to THE FIVE.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Hello, everyone! I'm Judge Jeanine Pirro along with Harold Ford Jr., Jesse Waters, Dana Perino, and Greg Gutfeld. It's 5:00 in New York City, and this is THE FIVE.It's game on. Joe Biden and Donald Trump have both locked down their party's nomination, setting America up for the first presidential rematch in nearly 70 years. But Joe Biden shouldn't expect smooth sailing to re- election. Uncommitted voters are still racking up double-digit support in several states, and Old Yeller still has -- still seen no State of the Union poll bump yet in his approval rating.Making matters worse for the President, Democrats are losing their longtime advantage with Black and Hispanic voters with support shrinking to its lowest point in more than 60 years. So, maybe that's why Joe Biden is leaning heavy on racial diversity in this new campaign video.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Are you ready to defend democracy? Are you ready to protect our freedom? Are you ready to win this election?(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: And former President Trump is ready to rumble after locking up the nomination.DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Hello, everyone. It's your favorite president speaking to you on a really great day of victory. We're a nation that is in serious decline. We've never had a situation like this where we're not respected, we're left at, we're considered almost a joke.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: But let's sideline the rematch chatter for a moment. Our sports star is the future of presidential politics. RFK Jr. says he's considering Aaron Rodgers as his vice president. And the Jets quarterback has apparently welcomed the overture. RFK Jr. says that he will reveal his final choice in Oakland at the end of the month.OK, Jesse, RFK says that he's going to announce his running mate, I think, on March 26th in Oakland, California. So, I say to myself, why would he announce it in Oakland, California? And I say, could it be because Aaron Rodgers is from California and played college football in Oakland?JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Well, the Jets might have a problem with Aaron Rodgers on the ticket. That might not be allowed in his contract. So, I'm not sure it's Aaron Rodgers, although I'd like to see him on the ticket. Jesse The Body I don't know about either. It's going to be someone flashy. The shortlist is a lot of sizzle.And he needs sizzle. I mean, he needs someone to kind of juice up the ticket and make it a celebrity-esque ticket. Someone outside the box has an independent streak. What I'm concerned about is his ballot access because if he's saying, and he's told me this, he's going to be on the ballot in every battleground state. He's not on all of them yet. And deadlines are coming up, so he needs to get ballot access and he has to get his ticket organized.The fundamentals of the race are just terrible for Joe Biden. He's an old, unpopular guy. His coalition is falling apart and he's got a third-party possible spoiler. And there's high prices, high crime, and he's overseeing an invasion. But then I worry, Jeanine, and I'm paid to worry because the ground game on the Republican side is a concern.They didn't really have it together the last time. And we know how proficient the Democrats are when they have six weeks before an election to make sure all the ballots are collected and brought to the polling stations. And I also worry about these court cases. There's never been a situation where you could have a felony conviction in the lead-up to an election. So, I don't know what's going to happen with that. It could go either way.And then lastly, the agency and the bureau have been interfering in all of our elections for the last three elections. And what have they got up their sleeve this time? I think the American people are pretty wise to it now, but you never know what's going to happen.PIRRO: All right, Dana, Trump is edging out Biden in those swing states. And I think that according to RealClearPolitics, in the seven battleground states, 48 percent Trump, 43 percent Biden.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: First of all, I do want to say we love your pin.PIRRO: Oh, thank you.PERINO: And it's a beautiful brooch. And it's a great tribute to a wonderful woman, your mom.PIRRO: My mom. Thank you.PERINO: That's great. So, a couple of things. One of the things that's happening is that President Trump in some quarters is more popular than he was -- more popular now than he was when he was president. And I follow a substack, which is a newsletter, called the Liberal Patriot. And this is basically like -- because he makes fun of me - but because it's basically like the truth tellers for Democrats, OK.And they wrote today, who is driving Trump's rising favorables? And it's really coming from Hispanics in a big way. And the Biden team is kind of at a loss to deal with it. And they are still trying to lock down their base on the left-wing side. Biden is going to Wisconsin. Senator Tammy Baldwin is up for reelection. She has pulled a very challenging person for her opponent. So, she's a Democrat. She's voted with Biden 95.5 percent of the time. But now she's trying to say I'm a very moderate person.I think that that is a race to watch. And again, that's -- those battleground states, Wisconsin is certainly one of them. Eric Hovde is the Republican who is coming after her hard and will probably turn that race into one to watch. And you'll see Bill Hemmer at the board spending a lot of time on that.Last thing from me is Nate Silver wrote today that the first post State of the Union polls and the State of the Union overnight polls and the latest head-to-head polling versus Trump and Biden have not at all been very good for Biden. And so, you look at the State of the Union speech a week ago tomorrow, and there were a lot of pundits like some at another network who were said, oh my gosh, that was a great speech. He was so good. He was so feisty. He was amazing and he's so great. And let's just -- let's just all hold hands and go forward.And the truth was it was a badly delivered speech. And it was yelled out to the American people. It didn't go over well. And this is why they're having problems.PIRRO: All right, Harold, you know, this -- we talked about in the beginning that this is a rematch between two former president -- one incumbent and former. 70 years ago, the incumbent won. What happens this time?HAROLD FORD JR., FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: I don't know. Good to be back around the table with everybody. I'd say a couple of -- couple of things. Maybe Aaron Rodgers has a patriotism exception in his contract because it's funny, he is not -- he's not made any comments about whether he can or cannot, nor have you seen -- at least I have not seen anything from Woody Johnson or the ownership or even the coaching staff there at the Jet.To the substance, a lot of unpredictability in this race and it's going to continue to be. When you have two-thirds of the country wishing this was not going to be a rematch, it shouldn't surprise anyone that the polling that I think is going to go back and forth. They're not going to -- I don't think you'll see wild swings outside of the -- outside of the margin of air for either.But if you're a Democrat, you do have to be concerned. I think as we sit here today in the very moment that the bump was not as, Dana, I think aptly mentioned and pointed to Nate's piece about how this is unusual for president not to have gotten any bump. And I actually, Dana and I are different a little bit about the speech. I thought it was a decent speech. But clearly you're right. The country didn't see it quite that way.Two, when it looks -- when you look at the Black and Hispanic voter issue here, we talked about this on the show now for a little bit, and there's some polling data to support this, you have to speak more and more to people's aspirations and people's concerns. You can't use the same old tired kind of efforts and kind of predictable ways you go about trying to get out the vote.I heard the President the other day somewhere and he was already saying, get out to vote. We're 237 days or 220 days from maybe when early voting starts. You've got to have -- you got to get people the beef, for lack of a better term. You got to get people -- and it can't just be -- you can't frighten people to go vote. That can be part of the mix, but you've got to give people something to vote for.And I think African American and Hispanic voters would likely and are likely probably going to come home, but there's no guarantee at home being the Democratic Party in a presidential election. That's where they normally go. That is not a guarantee at all here. I would urge the President, encourage the President to speak to schools, to speak to safety, to speak to security.The same things you speak to every other community, speak that way to the African-American and Hispanic voters. Don't tailor it in a way that looks out of place, looks unorthodox, and frankly looks -- doesn't look authentic. We care about the same things that every other voter cares about. We don't like high prices, we want our neighborhoods safe, and we want America safe. Talk about those things and I think we'll get a fighting chance for those numbers to come back. But this is going to be a volatile race and we might as well already -- all get a custom to it and get ready for it.PIRRO: Good recommendations. All right, Steph Curry, Greg, says that he is open to a career in politics after his season or after his contract. So, we've got Aaron Rodgers, Steph Curry. I mean, we could have the NFL and the NBA be our two branches of government almost.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You're asking me a question about Steph Curry?PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: I don't even know who that is.PIRRO: He's a basketball player.GUTFELD: Well, thank you. Look, this is not a rematch. This is the second half of the Trump Bowl. And Biden was merely the worst halftime show in history, worst than Maroon 5 of 2019, and that is saying something. You know, we keep talking about the Black and Hispanic vote, but we're missing what it really is. The Dems aren't losing the Black and Hispanic vote. They're losing the Black and Hispanic men, right?Why don't they break that down, that men are fleeing the Democratic Party like it's a showing of Barbie? It's because it's terrifying to them, that they're becoming the party of AWFLs, right, A Fluent White Female Liberals. The Democratic Party has become like almost like a political version of the Bud Light commercial with Dylan Mulvaney. They've alienated men in order to please miserable activist. And men are like, hey, we know when we're not wanted, we'll see our way -- see ourselves out. We know what a woman is, right? We know what's best for our kids. We know what it takes to protect our cities and our families. And we're tired of apologizing for laughing at funny jokes and having natural testosterone, right?So, they know, they know that the Democratic Party has become a gender- specific party. And it is -- and it is run by a specific type who deny biology, deny reality, deny common sense, and laws necessary for safety and security because you know why? They're too mean. It's no different than a teacher's lounge at Smith College. They've alienated men in favor of tormented activists.And I would just like to know, what has Joe Biden, what has the Democratic Party ever said about men? Anything? It's about women. It's about gender. It's about trans. And it's about race, right? And they got so obsessed with race, they forgot about the sexes. They've -- especially one-half of the sexes. It's a party that's inhospitable to the Y chromosome. If you're a man, why stick around?WATTERS: Why?GUTFELD: Why?PIRRO: Up next, the Squad freaking out and crying racism over Congress' crackdown on TikTok.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PERINO: The time maybe running out for TikTok. The House overwhelmingly voting to pass a bill that could lead to a TikTok ban if its current Chinese owner doesn't sell the company. The concern is that the current ownership structure is a national security threat with communist China scooping up millions of Americans data.Bipartisan lawmakers pushing back on accusations that the bill infringes on free speech saying it's not an outright ban.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI (D-IL): Our intention is for TikTok to continue to operate but not under the control of the Chinese Communist Party.REP. MIKE GALLAGHER (R-WI): And in that world, TikTok users can continue to use the platform. In fact, I think it would allow for a better user experience.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): But the main thing though is we want TikTok to exist. We're not here to ban it. I've said we want to make it Tic Tac Toe.REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): The bill does not violate the First Amendment, it focuses on conduct not content.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: Lawmakers opposing the bill, they say the opposite calling it a trojan horse and endangering the First Amendment.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. THOMAS MASSIE (R-KY): This legislation to ban TikTok is actually a trojan horse. Some of us are concerned that there are First Amendment implications here. Americans have the right to view information.REP. ILHAN OMAR (D-MN): Americans have access to real images of the horrors that are experienced by Palestinians daily. We no longer have to rely on legacy media to get that information.REP. ERIC SWALWELL (D-CA): I don't like bans on speech and I want to find ways, you know, to better you know, restrict the use uh of data without you know taking away a platform.(END VIDEO CLIP)PERINO: But the Squad probably has the most stunning take. Ayanna Pressley says a TikTok ban might cause violence and racism. She told Politico this. I also think this is simply just fomenting anti-Asian and Chinese sentiment.So, Harold, apparently there was a lot behind the scenes that we don't know about. There were classified briefings with House members. And I just wanted to go to you first because as somebody who used to be a member of Congress, to get to this kind of a bipartisan result, there must have been something else that we don't even know about the threat that made them think we got to get on board.FORD JR.: It had to be. And having been a part not of a briefing about China but when I was in Congress we were -- the war between us and Afghanistan, really us and Islamic terrorism, was at its height in the early 2000s. I've listened to a lot of people talk about this. And I think people who said we don't want to disadvantage people who make a living on TikTok, we don't want to disadvantage people who find community of support on TikTok. I mean, you -- I'm sure that being brought by foreign government is a good way to make a living but that's not a defense in a treason trial. You can't say I'm making a good living here so you shouldn't be able to do this.If your speech or if an exercise of a freedom disadvantages our national security or advantages an adversary of ours, you would expect and want Congress to act. To me this is really a no-brainer. I hope that ByteDance will be able to divest, convince the Chinese government, the Communist Party of China to allow them to divest that company.They claim that all the U.S. data that they have is housed in some facility in Texas and that the Chinese government has no access to it. And we say all right, we trust you but let's verify. Sell the company to an American entity. Everybody keep their financial interests intact. And that way we ensure that our data which has become the most lethal weapon in national security circles, almost as lethal in some ways -- and don't take this the wrong way -- but almost as lethal as nuclear weapons because we don't use nuclear weapons daily, we use data and we manipulate data.Can you imagine in our in our economic challenges with China as we look at an A.I. race, as we look at race -- a race that see who can make the best robots, who can make the best batteries, that they have all this information about 200 million Americans, how they would leverage that in negotiations with us on trade, space infrastructure, including the telecom infrastructure in space.When Mark Warner, the Democrat Senator Marco Rubio the Republican senator, who were the chair and vice chair of the Intelligence Committee -- what a way they do it they don't say ranking member and chairman but chair and vice chair -- they both agree that they can tighten this bill up but you have to take this step against TikTok.As bad as it may be for some people who rely on TikTok for all of their entertainment, for their ability to make a living, for all their friendships, there's something that trumps that. It's the national security of the United States. And I hope they can find -- I hope they can find something --PERINO: And some people their -- I would add their news as well. Pew polled this last year, Jesse, and when people were informed that TikTok is owned by a company controlled by the CCP, 60 percent of people said well, that's not a good idea, let's figure out a way to make some common sense decisions here.WATTERS: It's more about control, and so the Chinese have TikTok, we have Twitter and Facebook. The government doesn't really have Twitter like they used to, so they only really can control Facebook. They can't get into Musk's back door like they can with Zuckerberg. So, you have this other app over here, TikTok, and the federal government wants control of it.We want to have CIA guys working inside that company. We want to be able to have the FBI call TikTok and say, hey, you better shut this down. OK. We want to be able to collect the data, use the data, exploit the data. That's understandable, OK, because as a user in America, you can either be spied on and mentally destroyed by the Chinese or you could have election interference by your own government here. And that's what this is about.This is about arresting control of this powerful app from the Chinese to the Americans. And do I trust my government more than the Chinese government? Of course. Do I think our government is going to use the access and the information from TikTok for great purposes especially Democrats that have nasty ideas about election interference? I doubt that. But that's what's going on.PERINO: OK. I didn't -- I hadn't thought of it that way and I appreciate thinking about it that way. What do you think, Greg?GUTFELD: Well, I -- you know, I like -- excuse me, I like the ban because there are two reasons why. It's really popular among people that I despised, i.e. influencers which are worse than Communists, and it's also a mass persuader. If you look at every bad idea that is plaguing America, racial division, gender hysteria, these stupid stunts kids do, it's direct -- these things are directly injected into a generation of Americans with unformed brains.So, we do need to sever the connection between TikTok and the Communists. It's not about ownership, it's about control, right? It's like owning TikTok is meaningless if the Chinese are in charge because there are people that own TikTok now that aren't Chinese. So, Jesse mentioned it yesterday that TikTok picks up everything and that includes keystrokes, right, from devices when it's not TikTok.It's almost as if you to use it safely you have to be in a separate room that's completely walled off and you have to wear a hazmat suit. It really is like COVID. It's like social media COVID. But I don't but I don't think this ban is real, which is why everybody voted for it. It's like when everybody voted for William Hung for American Idol. Remember that? It's because it was just -- you know, you're not -- nothing's going to happen because the ban, as far as I can tell, can apply to other platforms. So, that's going to kill it.It has to be -- the bill itself has to be walled off so it applies only to certain platforms that are controlled by an adversary or by a communist country like China. It can't be -- they can't all of a sudden decide that they want to use it on X or they want to use it on Facebook. I that's the poison pill here.And then Harold said something about trying to sell it to somebody. I think that's the -- that's where -- this is the first step to getting it to sell somebody. Maybe it is this guy, Yas. Is that his name, Yas? That like --WATTERS: Yes, they're going to approve it to a group of investors who our government likes.PERINO: Well, you should do a show, Where Is He Now, William Hung.GUTFELD: Oh, yes.PERINO: It'd be great to know.GUTFELD: I think he became a gang -- gambling addict.PERINO: Wow. OK, well, we could tell you in the next -- the next break.WATTERS: Did you just made it up?GUTFELD: No, I just read it.PERINO: Judge, I'm sure you've been following this too.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: You' got -- you got the actual bill in your hands.PIRRO: Yes, I have the bill in my hands, and it is specifically for ByteDance and TikTok, OK, so it's not an across-the-board bill. Look, there are a lot of people who are ambivalent about this. I heard Jim Jordan this morning before he went in to vote. He said I don't know how I'm going to vote on it. I heard Senator Kennedy say I don't know how I'm going to vote on it.You know, these hearings were not public. This is where I come down on this. Right now, 59 percent of young adults in this country would rather lose the right to vote than TikTok. 56 percent of adults in the United States use TikTok. Seven million small businesses advertise and 170 million Americans are on TikTok. All right, that's a given.Young people in this country don't respect or believe that their right to privacy is what a lot of older Americans think it is. They're just not used to it. They grew up in the -- in the generation where everything was on social media. So, look, we don't want China controlling or influencing elections or controlling young people.But let me ask you this question. Who interfered with the 2020 election? Who suppressed free speech in the 2020 election? Facebook when they wouldn't allow people to communicate and the press to communicate on Hunter Biden's laptop, all right, which we have proven would have changed the election had these people, certain people known about it.So, you've got the United States now, and this is where I come down on the side of Jesse, the United States want to be involved in everything but what I think is going on here is that TikTok and everybody else is about the bottom line. And the bottom line is if you're a Democrat, you're going to get a whole threat of stuff that are keyed into you. If you're a Conservative, there's stuff is going to be keyed into you.And so, if right now where X is already kind of middle ground or right- wing, the only thing that's left is Facebook and they've already interfered with the Constitution. Right now in the United States Supreme Court is Missouri against Biden where the United States Supreme Court is considering whether or not they can continue this injunction making sure that the government doesn't tell social media what to do. That's what the government in the United States is doing.And my final point is this. Why worry about TikTok if Joe Biden and his family took money from a Chinese-connected company, CEFC?FORD JR.: Just for the record, they don't allow in China any U.S. social media platform.PERINO: No, I know. And TikTok is different there.FORD JR.: They don't have a supreme court either.PERINO: But also, TikTok was really concerned just about the bottom line and not about our data. They stand to make a ton of money if they were to actually divest. If TikTok wants -- if the bottom line is -- if you're talking about money --PIRRO: Right.PERINO: They'd make a lot more money if they went ahead and keep them up on us.FORD JR.: The bottom line is data.PIRRO: But you know, they can buy this data. We talked about it yesterday. You drive your car, they sell our data to the insurance companies. This can all be purchased.PERINO: That's -- and that's why it's not actually about the money.FORD JR.: But they can't answer that.PERINO: That's why -- that's why they're fighting because they want the data.All right, coming up, England bans puberty blockers for children. Should America be next?(COMMERCIAL BREAK)WATTERS: The U.K. delivering a massive blow to the gender-industrial complex. England's National Health Service is banning puberty blockers for kids because there's not enough evidence of safety. The agency also citing a lack of evidence regarding the drug's long-term effects. But here in the U.S., they're handing them out like candy. The number of children getting puberty blockers or cross-sex hormones doubling in just four years.What does Peter say about this?PERINO: Oh, that's so funny that you ask because you know that he texted me earlier today and he said if you'll be talking about this today, he thinks it's absolutely the right thing to do, that it was a long time coming. He would have done it the first day. He does think that the right thing to do was to get it from the official medical community after study. But he worries about the children that it happened to between then and now. He does think the United States should do it and all over the world should do it.And actually, one of the things he didn't say but I will add is that last year the Washington Post did polling on this, and it's like an 80-20 issue. And it even support -- it even surprised the Washington Post. And so, it's not saying that parents can't have thoughtful thinking about their children and to deal with them -- and I know there's a lot of people here who think how -- people like J.K. Rowling are so uncompassionate because they think that this is a good decision and that she doesn't care about children. I was like, she just -- she wrote the most important -- all of her work was for children. Like, she cares about the children very much.And I so I think that that argument is out the window and that these doctors at the NHS said the right thing.WATTERS: Do you think American physicians or American policymakers will look across the pond and say, wait a second, maybe we should study this more.PIRRO: Well, you know, that is the hope. And apparently, UK's highest court had the same thing. It's very interesting. And Sweden apparently is about to do the same thing. And you know, Europe is usually considered more liberal than we are, but I think the interesting part of all this is that when you think about it as a society, we have said if a young girl is uh 17 or under, she's incapable of consenting to sex because then it's statutory rape, OK. But if she's 17 or under she can remove her genitalia -- you know, we're going to give her that authority and there are so-called sanctuary gender states in the United States that permit that where the government actually pays for it, and there are of course states that ban it.But I think that um the we haven't studied this long enough. And the problem is returning to your original gender role, because a lot of teenagers, young girls and I can't say more than young boys, but I had a son -- I have a son and a daughter. But you know, they go through a lot of stages and they say that this gender so-called dysphoria is removed after adolescence. You know, the older they get, they kind of get away from it.And so, the idea that -- if you had gender dysphoria, go for it, have at it, go ahead change it. But the trauma that ends up to those who've done it and the inability to get back to who they are like this woman, Chloe Cole, she says I look in the mirror and I feel like a monster after she turned herself into a boy and is now trying to go back into as a girl.She's got a male bone structure. She's got a jawline that's sharper, and you know, an Adam's apple that is pronounced, all that other stuff. It's a nightmare. Why do it?WATTERS: They said, Harold, if there's a lot of class action against these pharmaceutical manufacturers that are successful, that will be the one thing that will really shake this loose.FORD JR.: Look, I agree with what everybody's saying. We had so much great material that the staff got for us for this. And one of the quotes was from the U.K. Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Victoria Atkins, she said care that affects our children's health and well-being so profoundly must always be based on clinical evidence.So, those of us who are believers in science and talk about science and clinical evidence, the data just doesn't show that we should be doing this. Now, I take -- step away from that data, I'm just a believer like the Judge said. There are certain things we don't allow people under 18 to make decisions about. And I think that it's very prudent how we reach those conclusions.And this is one of those categories where it's just -- it's hard for me to understand why we would make this readily available for children. I understand adults wanting to make any decision they want to make but uh these -- I think about my own daughter, my own son. This is -- if that's whatever they want to be in life, I want to support them but there's certain things I don't -- they can't drive a car just because they really, really want to drive a car. We have rules about things.And I don't mean to make light of what people want to do in terms of their sexuality by making -- by aligning it or making it akin to driving, but we have rules about certain things. And I think this rule based on clinical evidence is the right thing.WATTERS: Greg.GUTFELD: You guys are being way too civil about this. This is a huge deal. They claimed that these treatments would reduce suicide. It didn't. It increased suicide. They lied. They lied to people. They coerced kids. They deceived parents. A long time ago on this show I posed the question. In 10 years what will you see? Lawsuits from people who didn't undergo gender surgeries and hormones as kids or people who did. The answer is obvious.There's only one choice that follows the first principle of first do no harm, it's do no harm. But genital mutilation and permanent -- this permanent hormone stuff was a proactive attack on vulnerable humans and it was based on nonscience. Now, that England has banned blockers, there is no way a doctor here can prescribe them and then plead ignorance that they had no idea it was controversial or medically despised.This horrifying moment that we are living through for the past five, six years in our country's history may be finally coming to a close. And we need to thank, like you said, the heroes who brave the unhinged activists J.K. Rawling, there's so many women, Libs of TikTok. We -- I would bring this stuff up. I would be called a transphobe for days. I don't care. Keep calling me that.Michael Shellenberger deserves a lot of credit for supplying more nails into this coffin, but there's so many fearless parents and activists and real brave women who stood up to people who threaten them. So, then what about the adversaries, the so-called well-intentioned experts who pushed this on children? Maybe in 10 years, 20 years they will be seeing no different than the Nazi doctors who experimented on Jews during the Holocaust.All the people who targeted these kids and the people that were trying to protect these kids, they will have their reckoning and I can't wait.WATTERS: You're like the Paul Revere of gender, Greg.GUTFELD: I like to look at myself that way.WATTERS: Congratulations!GUTFELD: Thank you.WATTERS: Thank you for all of your good work.Ahead, paging Dr. Jill Biden. Your work husband may be a MeToo menace.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GUTFELD: The New York Post reporting how one of Dr. Joe Biden's top aides, a man who's been described as her work husband, is a MeToo nightmare. Staffer say Anthony Bernal has bullied and verbally sexually harassed colleagues for years, but he's untouchable thanks to the First Lady protecting him. Bernal is denying the claims and the White House calls them unfounded attacks.Dana, having an obnoxious work husband who denigrates others, you could probably relate having to work with Hemmer. It must be -- you can be -- you can share now what it -- what it's like.PERINO: Yes, it's been very difficult and thank you for seeing me. I feel seen.GUTFELD: Do you feel seen now?PERINO: I feel seen now.GUTFELD: I'm so glad you feel seen.PERINO: I mean, you're like -- you and Hemmer are like the polar opposite.GUTFELD: Exactly.PERINO: I mean, he really should get it together.GUTFELD: I care.PERINO: Oh, that's on sale next week.WATTERS: Thank you, Dana. It flows off the tongue,PERINO: What happened to believe all victims?GUTFELD: Yes.PERINO: What happened? What happened to like -- oh, wait, remember when Joe Biden said if I catch you saying one negative thing about anybody, you'll be fired on the spot, and then he whispered. I think that -- it's also interesting that the Chief of Staff at the White House immediately stepped in with on the record defense of Bernal even though you -- if any of this is coming out, that some of it probably is true along the way.It's not just him, right? There were reports about the advanced staff, you know, the advance office, it's calling people lots of names and saying that, you know, he's going to -- well, he called people were awful. I mean, he said some things. Look, White House is not easy necessarily working those hours under that kind of pressure. Sometimes people get heated. But when it breaks out into sexual harassment which is something he's been accused of in these fine pages, that might be different.GUTFELD: Jesse, could it be he's being protected could it be because he's gaining a lot of traction from the White House?WATTERS: I don't think it has anything to do with that. I think the guy has got charisma, Greg. These are some of the things he's been said to have done. He's been known to speculate on the penis size of staffers. Bernal shared his theory that a person's thumb size correlates to their penis size. Bernal told a colleague he had a small penis during a dispute. That always ends an argument. And he speculates about the sex lives at very weird moments and questions people sexuality.PERINO: I should have read that.WATTERS: You know what the Biden White House said? They have full confidence in Anthony's character.PERINO: Yes.GUTFELD: So, this leads me to, Harold, the difference. I do all my obnoxious behavior in public on TV. So, his problem is it's behind the scenes.WATTERS: Right.FORD JR.: I'm never going to look at my thumb again.PERINO: Thumbs up.FORD JR.: Look, this is -- this is -- everyone -- I think Dana touched on the two most important points. These are tough jobs. Everyone serves at the pleasure of the President. But if these -- if this environment is what these people have described, usually there are consequences for those things and we'll see if there are if this go around.PERINO: I never got yelled at.PIRRO: This is the first time -- this is the shortest answer you ever gave.FORD JR.: They told me 30 seconds in my ears.PIRRO: OK. All right, that is --FORD JR.: You said you like my thumb.PIRRO: All right, here's the thing. Kamala Harris's office is known as a toxic workplace. 13, 15 people left and said it was horrible working there. The White House Counsel's Office has started an investigation because of it's a toxic workplace and the allegations. And the truth is that we know that Biden himself has cursed people out, yelled at them, has a bad temper. He even yells at people when he goes out to campaign. He yells at voters. He tells him hit the ground, do a pushup. Everybody has P.O.ed in the White House. It is toxic.And what does it tell you? It tells you that Jill Biden is running the joint because he is her top aide. And maybe he is a protected class, Greg, and maybe that is the answer that you were looking for.PERINO: Can I mention one other thing? Is it -- the White House loves to tell people behind the scenes that Biden is so feisty and he's always cursing people out behind the scenes, right? We know that he -- like, all these stories that come out about he has a really bad potty mouth, a lot of the stuff comes from the top, right? So, if he's allowing it with behind the scenes in his own White House, then they -- she probably thinks that he has permission to treat people like that too.WATTERS: We need to bring back the class and decorum of the Trump White House.PIRRO: Yes.GUTFELD: I think -- I'm just thinking --WATTERS: What's so funny, Harold?PIRRO: Nothing.FORD JR.: We got to move.GUTFELD: I'm just thinking, you know when you hit your thumb with a hammer and it swells up? I'm thinking -- never mind.Stick around for this. Stoner rats invade America.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)FORD JR.: Welcome back, America. Get ready to hear about Stoner Rats. The police chief of New Orleans says reefer-loving rodents have been gobbling up all the marijuana in the evidence room.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANNE KIRKPATRICK, SUPERINTENDENT, NEW ORLEANS POLICE: In the evidence property room that you took a tour of, the rats eating our marijuana. They're all high.(END VIDEO CLIP)PIRRO: Oh, my God.FORD JR.: Judge, you not have experience with marijuana.PIRRO: Thank you for qualifying that.FORD JR.: But you have -- you have experience with these kinds of things.PERINO: A property clerk's office. Let me explain.FORD JR.: Is the superintendent right there?PERINO: This is right up there with the dog ate my homework. The check is in the mail. Somebody's lifting grass. They're going out ahead of the story, OK. The next thing, the cocaine's going to be missing because the bears are going for it.FORD JR.: Jesse, do you have a strong opinion about this? Are you covering this tonight?WATTERS: Not tonight but they should have a Fox Nation special called The Evidence Locker. And you open up the locker and then you just tell a little story about this piece of evidence, this piece of evidence. I'd watch that.PERINO: I like that. Look, it's a good thing that Percy can't get into the -- into the room because he's got a problem. It's been under control for 11 months but he got a problem.GUTFELD: Yes, whatever happened?PERINO: I had him -- I had to pay a lot of money to have him trained to not eat marijuana joins that he finds on the street or in the park.GUTFELD: How many times?PERINO: He was -- he's been high 12 times. And you really do think this is an accident?PERINO: No, that's what I'm saying. It's a good thing he's not -- he can't get access to the evidence room.FORD JR.: Greg, the superintended down there in New Orleans, is she right?GUTFELD: Well, she also claimed that there -- the missing cash and the missing jewelry and the missing AK-47s were also eaten by rats. I think she's nuts.PERINO: Big rats.FORD JR.: "ONE MORE THING" is up next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)PIRRO: It's time now for "ONE MORE THING." Hit it, Harold.FORD JR.: Quickly, the son of legendary guitar player Eddie Van Halen, Wolfgang Van Halen, partnered with Mr. Holland's Opus Foundation to give $100,000 to schools where music programs are in jeopardy of not functioning because the kids can't buy instruments. Thank him. Thank his dad for all that he gave us. And thank him for believing in kids and knowing that when music is in schools, kids perform better in class.PIRRO: That's a great one. Greg?GUTFELD: All right, tonight, what a show. We got Joe DeVito, Michele Tafoya, Kat Timpf, and Tyrus is back. Hey, let's do this. Greg's Fox News. All right, we're going to go to the Richmond Wildlife Center. We got people there. Check this out. We have a staff who dawns fox masks and rubber gloves to feed their baby foxes so they -- before they get reintroduced back into the wild.WATTERS: What am I looking at?GUTFELD: Isn't that amazing?PIRRO: Are you kidding?PERINO: This is not a joke.GUTFELD: Yes, this is what Cavuto wears when he leaves.PIRRO: Oh. OK, well, so the baby feels better. That's a brilliant fox --PERINO: The baby is probably having nightmares right now.PIRRO: Yes, Jesse, go ahead.WATTERS: $2.00 in a dream, Judge. You know what the Mega Millions jackpot is?PIRRO: No.WATTERS: $800 million. So, you know what I did? I went out and I sent Johnny. I didn't go out. And I got us all tickets.FORD JR.: Thank you.WATTERS: Here we go.PIRRO: Are these for this week or last week?WATTERS: Friday they're going to call it and you guys are probably going to have to split it with me since we bought them.FORD JR.: I'll split mine with you and give 20 percent to charity.WATTERS: Thank you, Harold. What a surprise.PIRRO: OK, I'll give 20 percent to charity.WATTERS: Tonight, "JESSE WATTERS PRIMETIME," the Get It Together series continues.GUTFELD: I love this.WATTERS: The statue toppler. he's toppling statues and we'll be explaining why tonight at 8:00.PIRRO: All right, these aspiring medical students may not be cut for -- out for a job as future doctors. Reactions when they got a close-up look at a C-section surgery.WATTERS: Oh, God.PIRRO: All right, that's what a C-section looks like, everybody.PERINO: And then they went to the -- to their guidance counselor and changed their major.PIRRO: Yes. Those are your future doctors, everyone. And I think -- I'm sorry, Dana. Tomorrow night you'll get it.That's it for us. Have a great night, everybody! But see you tomorrow night at 5:00.