JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Yes. And we will have the naked ax wielding woman at 8:00.GREG GUTFELD, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Liar! Liar!KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: That's not true.WATTERS: I didn't say she would be appearing. We would have her.JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Don't be up there on 21.WATTERS: From damage.That's it for us tonight. Have a great night, everybody.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: So, let me get this straight. No Johnny soundbite, no Panera Bread?WATTERS: No. I mean, I'm going to just work for SPECIAL REPORT now.BAIER: OK. All right, there you go. Thanks, Jesse.WATTERS: Thank you.BAIER: Good evening. I'm Bret Baier. "BREAKING TONIGHT", we're getting our first look at the transcript of yesterday's congressional testimony by Hunter Biden.The president's son admitted, in that testimony, he has put his father on speakerphone and invited him to business meetings. But he denies his dad was ever involved in the family business dealings.We're going to continue to look over this document in the next few minutes and have additional details from that shortly.Now, to our top story, it sounds like something from an old west movie, a duel at the border. The players in this drama are not cowboys, but politicians, and it's a rhetorical duel.Former President Donald Trump and President Joe Biden trading harsh words in separate trips to the southern border today, as illegal immigration is now the top issue in the presidential election.We have "FOX TEAM COVERAGE" tonight. Bill Melugin is in Eagle Pass, Texas, where the former president is blaming the current one for the border crisis.But we begin in -- with Griff Jenkins in Brownsville, where President Biden is pushing a bipartisan border bill and telling Republicans to "show a little spine."Good evening, Griff.GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.It was President Biden second visit ever to the southern border, this time, to Brownsville, Texas, which just nine months ago was the epicenter of the migrant crisis, but on this past Monday had zero illegal crossings.He was accompanied in the field by U.S. Border Patrol chief, Jason Owens and sector chief, Gloria Chavez. After that, he got operational briefings at the Brownsville border station from officials from CBP, ICE, and Homeland Security investigations.Now, in remarks, he called for renewed bipartisan push to pass that Senate border legislation that's languishing on Capitol Hill, accusing Republicans of standing in the way of delivering much needed resources and relief in taking a direct shot, Bret, at his predecessor during the border 300 miles away.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Here is what I would say to Mr. Trump: Instead of playing politics with the issue, instead of telling members of Congress to block this legislation, join me or I'll join you in telling the Congress to pass this bipartisan border security bill. We can do it together.(END VIDEO CLIP)JENKINS: Hours before Biden arrived, Fox exclusively capturing this video of a group of over 100 migrants that arrived just before dawn. But it pales in comparison to where the migrant surge has shifted out west. Take a look at this. Yesterday, Tucson Sector led with the most encounter, over 1,500. San Diego, falling second with over 1,100, while the RGV sector which Brownsville is a part of had just 325.Local state representative Jane Lopez -- Janie Lopez, blaming Biden for the chaos. Saying, the visit is a day late and a dollar short.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JANIE LOPEZ (R-TX): We have put a lot of work into this because of the neglect that Biden has caused for us here in Texas. It's causing a problem in our communities.I'm very disappointed that it took him 3-1/2 years to come here. What I need him to do is to secure our borders.(END VIDEO CLIP)JENKINS: And left out of the president's remarks and he mentioned of slain University of Georgia student, Laken Riley or any acknowledgement of Texas Governor Abbott's efforts to secure the border with miles of razor wire, which has dramatically reduced crossings in this area.Biden did not tour the area where that Texas razor wire is, which ironically, was stopping crossings because of policies and tactics like razor wire, which Biden opposes.Now they are seeing similar results like that over in Eagle Pass, where my colleague Bill Melugin is. Sent over to you, Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Griff, good evening to you. One of the very first things former President Trump said here and Eagle Pass today is that he has spoken with the parents of Laken Riley.He brought up her murder, he also brought up a spree of recent arrest of other illegal immigrants for violent crimes all across the country, he says that President Biden has opened up America's borders.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This is a Joe Biden invasion. This is a Biden invasion over the past three years, and he's a terrible president and vice president our country has ever had.MELUGIN (voice over): Former President Donald Trump on the ground in Eagle Pass Texas today.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump!TRUMP: They like Trump, could you believe it?MELUGIN (voice over): As the border and illegal immigration rocket to the top of voters' concernsTRUMP: Allowing thousands and thousands of people to come in from China, Iran, Yemen, the Congo, Syria, and a lot of other nations many nations are not very friendly to us.MELUGIN (voice over): The former president, flanked by Texas Governor Greg Abbott and Border Patrol union president, Brandon Judd as he says, under Biden, the word is out around the world, U.S. borders are open.TRUMP: If you take the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country, you added them all up, all of the problems, all of the lousy jobs they have done. You can add them all up. It's not as bad as this one man has done for our country.MELUGIN (voice over): Governor Abbott gave Trump a personal briefing about the work Texas has done in locking down the Shelby Park area of Eagle Pass, an area that used to see record-high illegal crossings. Now, it's quiet, following Texas's eviction of the federal government here.GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R-TX): No one drowns on a breach. And they drowned trying to come across here because Joe Biden entices them, if not forces them to come by.MELUGIN (voice over): And the Border Patrol union slam President Biden same day visit to the Rio Grande Valley.BRANDON JUDD, PRESIDENT, NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL: I want you to know, your agents, my agents, they are mad as hell. Absolutely mad that President Biden went to Brownsville Texas, rather than going to Arizona, rather than going to San Diego, California, rather than coming to Eagle Pass, Texas.(END VIDEOTAPE)MELUGIN (on camera): And earlier today, a federal judge issued a ruling that will block Texas's S.B. 4 that it sits border security bill from taking effect. It was supposed to take effect next week. That bill was controversial, it would allow Texas authorities to arrest jail and even potentially deport illegal immigrants who crossed into Texas.The federal judge essentially said nope, states aren't allowed to carry out immigration law. That is the federal government's job.Governor Abbott has said, Texas, will appeal that decision immediately. Bret.BAIER: Though we have all the focus today on the southern border and you've been down there doing great reporting for a long time. But we also had some shocking news today on the northern border.MELUGIN: We did. this is something we don't hear about very often. Border Patrol up in Maine on the northern border report. They just arrested three Chinese nationals, who they caught crossing in the dead of night trying to sneak into Maine from the Canada border, from -- coming from Canada. This happened near Fort Fairfield in Maine.Border Patrol says they also arrested a nearby driver who also happened to be a Chinese national from New York, who is already in immigration proceedings with DHS. That person arrested for potential human smuggling and trying to get that group of Chinese further into the United States.We often hear about the Chinese down in San Diego here at our southern border. But Bret, very rare to hear about something happening in the remote northern border up in Maine. We'll send it back to you.BAIER: Yes. Bill Melugin, live in Eagle Pass, Texas. Bill, thanks. Former President Trump joins Sean Hannity tonight from Shelby Park in Eagle Pass. You can see that 9:00 p.m. Eastern time right here on Fox News Channel.Meantime, former President Trump is appealing a ruling by a judge in Illinois that bars him from appearing on the state's primary ballot. The judge cites the former president's role in the January 6th, 2021 Capitol riot.He sided with the group of Illinois voters, arguing the former president should be disqualified from the primary ballot in March and the general election ballot in November.The case is one of dozens of lawsuits nationwide filed to remove Trump from the ballots. The Supreme Court is considering the Colorado case now.On Capitol Hill, the House has voted to approve a funding bill to avert a potential government shutdown this weekend, though a new deadline is on the horizon.Republican lawmakers are also trying to pass a border plan and are getting surprised support from a Senate Democrat, who's made a lot of news lately.Senior congressional correspondent Chad Pergram tells us where things stand tonight from Capitol Hill.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): Thank you.CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): House Speaker Mike Johnson pledged no more Band Aid spending bills, but here, we are.JOHNSON: Appropriations processes is ugly.PERGRAM (voice over): Congress can barely keep the government running. But is crippled on border security. The GOP pushing it strict H.R. 2 border plan.PERGRAM: Are you being too strident just sticking to H.R. 2 with this small majority?JOHNSON: It doesn't matter to me what you call the legislation. It's the components of H.R. 2 that matter.PERGRAM (voice over): H.R. 2 freezes migration, restricts asylum claims, and allows the government to crack down on those here illegally.But one Democrat is so exasperated at congressional inaction. He is endorsing much of the plan.SEN. JOHN FETTERMAN (D-PA): My only kill switch on that is DACA. You know, DACA must needs to be protected. But the rest can be on the tables.PERGRAM (voice over): Conservatives welcome veterans conditional embrace of the GOP bill.REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): The new and improved Fetterman can wear whatever he wants if he keeps talking like that.PERGRAM (voice over): Some conservatives won't vote to hold a government shutdown unless the bill secures the border.REP. RALPH NORMAN (R-SC): Any C.R. has got to have border control. So, if you're so scared to shut the government down, and won't take a risk to shutting the border down, there is a problem.PERGRAM (voice over): The new emergency spending measure sets two new deadlines. Buying Congress more time to finish bills due last September.REP. THOMAS MASSIE (R-KY): This is the old way of doing business where the leadership gets behind closed doors, disappears for a few weeks, and then comes out up with something that says take it or leave it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The bill is passed and what that --PERGRAM (voice over): GOP-controlled house OK the interim bill 320 to 99. That way more Democrats voted yes than Republicans, 94. Conservatives are apoplectic.REP. BOB GOOD (R-VA): I actually had a Democrat member tell me this morning, we like it when you're in charge because nothing changes, but you guys get all the blame.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM: The Senate votes tonight to align with the House. However, Congress could sprint to avoid another shutdown at this time next week. Bret?BAIER: Chad, a relative newcomer will deliver the Republican in response to the president's State of the Union speech.PERGRAM: That's right. Alabama freshman Katie Britt gets the nod at 42. She is the youngest female Republican ever elected to the Senate.The GOP wants to contrast Britt's use with President Biden and this could be an audition to be the running mate of former President Trump. Bret?BAIER: We never know. Chad Pergram, live on Capitol Hill. Chad, Thanks's. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin says he is taking all of the blame for the controversy over his unannounced hospitalization, at the first of the year.Austin insisted today on Capitol Hill, national security was never at risk. Chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin shows us tonight from the Pentagon.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)GEN. LLOYD AUSTIN (RET), UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: And we did not handle this right and I did not handle it right. As you know, I've apologized, including directly to the president. And I take full responsibility.JENNIFER GRIFFIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL SECURITY CORRESPONDENT (voice over): This was the first-time lawmakers were able to directly question Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin about the communication breakdown, when he went into the hospital in early January.REP. MIKE ROGERS (R-AL): It's totally unacceptable that it took three days to inform the president of the United States that the secretary of defense was in the hospital and not in control of the Pentagon.The chain of command doesn't work when the commander in chief doesn't know who to call.AUSTIN: I want to again make one thing very clear. At no time, during my treatment or recovery, were there any gaps in authorities, and there were no risks to the department's command and control.GRIFFIN (voice over): Authority was handed to Deputy Defense Secretary Kathleen Hicks on January 2nd, for three days. But she was not told at first that Secretary Austin was in the hospital and remained on vacation in Puerto Rico.The Pentagon says she traveled with the needed secure communications.REP. ELISE STEFANIK (R-NY): Do you understand why this is unacceptable to the American people and to those military families?REP. JIM BANKS (R-IN): Who will be held accountable for this? This embarrassment?AUSTIN: Again, Again, I take full responsibility and we put measures in place to address the shortcomings.GRIFFIN (voice over): Democrats criticized Republicans for calling a hearing on the Secretary's health, while blocking funding bills for the defense department and Ukraine.REP. JOHN GARAMENDI (D-CA), ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE: The dereliction of duty is not yours, sir. The dereliction of duty is right here on the dyes.(END VIDEOTAPE)GRIFFIN: Austin admitted he made a mistake in not telling his own staff about his cancer diagnosis. In response to a 30-day review, Secretary Austin ordered changes in the way the defense department communicates to the White House, Congress, and relevant staffs in writing, when or if the defense secretary is hospitalized or transfers authorities to his deputy. Bret.BAIER: Jennifer Griffin live at the Pentagon. Jennifer, thank you. Up next, Russian President Vladimir Putin has a new warning for the West. We'll bring you that.First, here is what some of our fox affiliates around the country are covering tonight. Fox 29 in Philadelphia with the capture of an escaped prisoner who fled from officers Monday at an area hospital.U.S. Marshals have detained Alleem Borden. He was the fifth prisoner from Philadelphia to escape in the last year.FOX13 in Salt Lake City, as Utah legislators consider the use of several drugs to treat mental health conditions, a bill would allow the use of psilocybin, MDMA, and other controlled substances under strict supervision.And this is a live look at Iowa City, Iowa. One of the big stories there tonight from Fox 17, a great one.University of Iowa basketball star Caitlin Clark declares for the WNBA draft one day after setting another scoring record as her Hawkeyes destroyed, Minnesota. Clark scored 33 points, pushing her past Lynette Woodward -- Woodard rather, to the top of the all-time list for scoring. Congratulations.That's tonight's live look, "OUTSIDE THE BELTWAY" from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: President Biden says tonight a tragic incident in Gaza will complicate efforts in a ceasefire. Dozens of Palestinians were killed today after aid trucks plowed into civilians. Also reports of gunfire.Senior Correspondent Mike Tobin is in Tel Aviv tonight. A warning, some of the images in this piece are graphic.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MIKE TOBIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CORRESPONDENT (voice over): Once again, a Gaza hospital is overwhelmed. This time the casualties are desperate people who tried to reach trucks filled with aid.UNIDENTIFIED MALE (through translator): Look at this site. Look, for God's sake, they're performing surgery right in front of the bathroom.TOBIN (voice over): The IDF releasing video saying it shows a 30 truck aid convoy that entered the south of the Gaza Strip and traveled north with a military escort. The trucks left the escort, came under fire and stopped. Then they were mobbed.REAR ADM. DANIEL HAGARI, ISRAEL DEFENSE FORCES SPOKESPERSON (through translator): Some began violently pushing and even trampling other Gazans to death, looting the humanitarian supplies. The unfortunate incident resulted in dozens of Gazans killed and injured.TOBIN (voice over): The IDF says the crowd also approached soldiers and a tank nearby. Warning shots were fired but when IDF troops were threatened, they fired at the approaching Palestinians.The Hamas run Palestinian health ministry says more than 100 were killed. Israel says trucks in the stampede caused most of the deaths, only 10 were shot by IDF soldiers.After appearing optimistic earlier this week, President Biden noted today that sensitive talks for a ceasefire and hostage release are jeopardized by the incident.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There's two competing versions of what happened. I don't have an answer yet.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Are you worried that will complicate these negotiations?BIDEN: I know it will.(END VIDEOTAPE)TOBIN (on camera): Public comments from both Hamas and Israel indicated they were far apart in ceasefire negotiations prior to this incident. Bret, back to you.BAIER: Mike Tobin in Tel Aviv. Mike, thanks.Russian President Vladimir Putin is warning the West to stay out of his country's business ahead of Russia's presidential election. Putin told parliament today the west is trying to destroy Russia. Here's Correspondent Alex Hogan.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)ALEX HOGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT (voice over): A new warning for the west.VLADIMIR PUTIN, RUSSIAN PRESIDENT (through translator): We also have weapons that can hit targets on their territory and what they are doing trying to scare the whole world, it does risk a conflict with nuclear weapons.HOGAN (voice over): In his annual address to parliament, Russian President Vladimir Putin told NATO not to send troops to Ukraine after France raised the possibility.PUTIN (voice over): U.S. administration's professed interest in discussing strategic stability with us is merely demagoguery. They simply want to show to their citizens and the world, especially in the lead up to our presidential election that they continue to rule the world.HOGAN (voice over): Russia's presidential election is in mid-March with early voting already underway in remote regions.For the first time, voting will take place in occupied Ukrainian territories, something the U.S. quickly condemned.Washington is also watching the situation in Moldova after pro-Russian officials in the breakaway region of Transnistria asked Moscow for protection.MATT MILLER, U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON: We have seen Russia take a number of incredibly reckless and destabilizing acts in the region. That's not nothing new.HOGAN (voice over): Putin amended Russia's constitution enabling him to remain in power until 2036. He's widely expected to win a fifth term next month with most of his prominent opponents exiled behind bars or dead.YULIA NAVALNAYA, WIDOW: The public murder has once again showed everyone that Putin is capable of anything and that you cannot negotiate with him.HOGAN (voice over): Yulia Navalnaya keeping Alexei Navalny's message alive. Her husband, the famous opposition leader who recently died in a Russian jail had urged his supporters to voice their disapproval at the polls this year. Police are already outside the cemetery where the 47-year-old will be buried on Friday.(END VIDEOTAPE)HOGAN (on camera): Today, Ksenia Karelina appeared in a Russian court, the dual U.S. Russian citizen was recently arrested on suspicion of treason for allegedly donating about $50.00 to a U.S. based charity supporting Ukraine. The court denied her appeal against her detention, Bret.BAIER: Alex, thank you. Up next, one Democrat, one Republican, we seek common ground, this time on artificial intelligence.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JEH JOHNSON, FORMER HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY: Well, the problem with Remain in Mexico, it's like taking a balloon and filling it with water. Sooner or later it's going to burst. I believe that more effective than that is getting the Mexicans to do more on their southern border.We have a 1900 mile -- 1900 mile border with Mexico. They have a 300 mile border with Central America. They don't have much of a border enforcement force down there.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Former Obama DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson there, it's time for our Common Ground segment where we look to search for bipartisan solutions to the nation's problems.Tonight, we'll talk about the border a little bit and artificial intelligence. Joining us are two congressman from California leading a new task force on A.I. Republican Jay Obernolte and Democrat Ted Lieu.Congressman, thanks for being here. I just want to start briefly on the border since we had the former president and the president down there on the border.Congressman Lieu, you know, the president saw this one area, and if you look at the percentages, the crisis has kind of shifted there on the border, from Texas to California to Arizona. The place he was is actually down 23 percent and not a lot of border crossings per day there. Do you think the president got a full view of the border? And do you think there's a possibility at some kind of compromise considering where things are legislatively?REP. TED LIEU, (D-CA) HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE: Thank you, Bret, for your question. I'm pleased that President Biden went to the border. I visited the border last year. And you are correct, different border communities do experience different effects. I support comprehensive immigration reform. I believe our immigration system is broken and needs to be fixed. The Senate had a bipartisan package. Unfortunately they were not able to pass it. I will work on a bipartisan basis in the House, and hopefully we can get something done in the House.BAIER: Congressman Obernolte, any hope considering there's an effort to put H.R.2 back in the mix here? Any thoughts?REP. JAY OBERNOLTE, (R-CA) HOUSE ENERGY AND COMMERCE COMMITTEE: I also hope that we can reach a bipartisan solution at the border. This is an existential crisis for our country. And unfortunately, it's something that I think could be easily solved. In particular, I hope when President Biden was at the border that the Customs and Border Patrol told him what they told us several months ago, which is that he could reduce the flow of immigrants by 70 percent just by reinstituting the policy of Remain in Mexico. It worked in the past. It could work again. We'll continue to work in Congress at solutions, but the executive branch can do something right now to fix it.BAIER: We got our drone teams in Texas and California with the live pics there.I want to turn now to artificial intelligence. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We need to put some sort of guardrails in place that's going to promote speech, not censorship, but also make sure we have a diversity of viewpoints that are flourishing and people don't get a skewed, one-sided view of history or current events.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: And just this past week, you had the Google CEO essentially apologizing in a memo to employees. "I want to address the recent issues with problematic texts, responses, and the Gemini app, formerly Bard. I know that some of its responses have offended our users and shown bias. To be clear, that's completely unacceptable and we got it wrong." How can Congress get involved in this process with A.I." Congressman Obernolte, first to you.OBERNOLTE: I think Congress has a very important role to play in establishing a regulatory framework for A.I. And that is the purpose of the taskforce that Congressman Lieu and I have been asked to chair. So we'll be working over the next few months to establish a guiding principles document that we'll release before the end of the year to establish that kind of framework. It's kind of a to-do list for future congresses to work off of.You've highlighted an extremely important issue, which is the spread of mis and disinformation through A.I. That's something that we are also very concerned about and something that we are going to be working to solve.BAIER: Congressman Lieu?LIEU: Thank you, Bret, for your question. I want to, first of all, thank Speaker Johnson and Leader Jeffries for establishing the bipartisan House taskforce on A.I. I'm very honored to co-lead it with my friend and colleague, Congressman Obernolte. And I completely agree with what Jay just said. We have to have some principles in how we are going to look at A.I. And this is such a vast issue because A.I. is everywhere. It has largely benefited society, but it can also cause us harm. And we want to have a regulatory structure where we allow A.I. to innovate while reducing the risks of foreseeable harm.BAIER: Congressman Obernolte, I know you've studied this and it's kind of been in your past. And A.I. is something that everybody is learning about as time goes here. "The New York Times" said this, "China's rush to dominate A.I. comes with a twist. It depends on U.S. technology. China now lags the United States in generative A.I. by at least by a year and may be falling further behind according to more than a dozen tech industry insiders and leading engineers. Setting the stage for a new phase in the cutthroat technological competition between the two nations."I think the going bet, Congressman Obernolte, was that China was kicking our butt, but it turns out that maybe it's the other way around.OBERNOLTE: Well, several years ago in 2017, China made an international promise that it would be the worldwide leader in A.I. by the year 2030. And they have invested huge resources in making that a reality. So I think that we need to focus on the areas that we are falling behind. One is in the education of our students. China several years ago passed the U.S. in the number of PhDs it was awarding in computer science. This year it's likely they will award double the number that we do. Last year the U.S. awarded about 800,000 four-year degrees in STEM fields. Last year China awarded over 3 million. So this is something that we absolutely can't ignore. If we don't do a better job of educating our youth and equipping them with the tools that they need to succeed in an A.I. powered future, then we are going to lose this race to China.BAIER: Last thing, Congressman Lieu, for all those people that say stuff is not happening because it' too partisan up there, you guys disagree on a lot. But there's stuff happening?LIEU: I believe we can achieve bipartisan consensus on a number of these issues. A.I. is not a person. It's not sentient. It is a tool. And a tool can be used for good and bad things. But it's also nonpartisan. And I liken this to cybersecurity. We have done a lot of bipartisan laws on cybersecurity. This seems to be something that's similar. It's technology. There's nothing that is necessarily partisan about this.BAIER: Well, we appreciate you coming on. Please encourage more of your colleagues to do the same. Thanks a lot.You can see all of the "Common Ground" segments on my podcast "Common Ground." Find that and the "All-Star Panel" podcast under the Bret Baier podcasts at FOXNewspodcast.com, Spotify, or wherever you download podcasts. You can also see the discussion on the FOX News YouTube page.Up next, we have new information from the just-released transcript of yesterday's congressional testimony by Hunter Biden. We have been digging through that. We have a new update coming up.First, Beyond our Borders tonight. Environmental activists in Germany are occupying a forest close to a Tesla factory near Berlin. They say they want to stop the company's expansion plans and protect local ground water. Tesla wants to boost production at that facility to 1 million vehicles annually.And this is a live look at Australia. One of the big stories there tonight, a Filipino immigrant who helped a small outback town keep its volunteer fire brigade is honored by the Australian parliament. Sampson Bocul was the only person to respond to a last-ditch recruitment drive for the brigade. He helped pave the way for a flood of other recruits.Just some of the other stories Beyond our Borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Breaking tonight, as we told you at the top of the show, we are learning additional details from the transcript of yesterday's congressional testimony by Hunter Biden. Chief Washington correspondent Mike Emanuel joins us now with what he's reading there. Good evening, Mike.MIKE EMANUEL, FOX NEWS CHIEF WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Bret, good evening.There are numerous questions for Hunter Biden about $3 million from a Chinese energy firm that was wired into a business interest Hunter was involved with. Hunter defended receiving the money, saying, quote, "My business with CEFC, which was completely legitimate and completely 100 percent in line with my experience and my abilities, was done when my father wasn't even in office. He was out of office. It had nothing to do with my father."In his deposition yesterday, Hunter also defended his father, the president, saying, quote, "My father never benefited from my business. My father never made any decisions as it related to my business to benefit me. My father was never financially nor any other way, of benefit of my business." When asked about allegations that came from former business associates that Hunter would put his father on speaker phone during business meetings or drop by a luncheon, Hunter insisted, quote, "He was not involved with any business activity. Would you call it involvement if my dad was in New York City at the same time I was in New York City and I was having lunch with some business associates, and I said hey, dad, come by for lunch? Who wouldn't do that?"The transcript is 229 pages with redactions, so we are still sorting through it. Hunter's attorney Abbe Lowell appears to be getting cold feet about having Hunter to testify in public after saying for months he wanted Hunter to do it. Bret?BAIER: OK, Mike, we'll keep digging in. Thank you.EMANUEL: You bet.BAIER: The man prosecuting Former President Trump has proposed moving that trial back more than a month. Special Counsel Jack Smith wants to delay the start of the classified documents trial to July eighth from May 20th. The former president has suggested an August 12th start but says a fire trial can't be held this year. There are all kinds of classification questions to be worked out on this particular trial. There is a hearing before a federal judge on this scheduling discrepancy tomorrow in south Florida.A massive wildfire that has scorched more than a million acres of land in just four days in the Texas panhandle has now become the largest such event in Texas state history. Firefighters continue their desperate attempts to contain that blaze. Crews working to extinguish the fire as well as four others across that region are hoping to get a brief and rather bizarre wintry assist from the weather as a blanket of snow fell across that area.A prominent member of the so-called progressive squad is offering a solution for homelessness -- money, with no strings attached. Correspondent Alexandria Hoff takes a look this evening.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)ALEXANDRIA HOFF, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Cash without conditions, progressive Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib sees that as a solution to house young people.REP. RASHIDA TLAIB, (D-MI): Over 3.5 million young adults and roughly 700,000 young people experience homelessness in our country.HOFF: Tlaib introduced a bill that would launch a pilot program providing homeless individuals under 30 with $1,400 a month for three years. Joel Griffith, an economic research fellow at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank, says there is an immediate problem.JOEL GRIFFITH, HERITAGE FOUNDATION: This type of program would do nothing to ensure those receiving these funds are those down on their luck, which does happen, versus The many that are addicted to alcohol or other types of drugs or have mental illness.HOFF: Dozens of cities have studied how guaranteed income programs impact certain groups. Two years ago, D.C. divided $1.5 million taxpayer dollars among 132 new low income mothers. It was considered a success by proponents, but there were concerns over misuse. One mom admitted to the "The Washington Post" that part of her lump sum was used on a lavish family vacation on Miami, quote, "Some of it I just left alone. The other side is I wanted to blow it. I wanted to have fun."Universal basic income researcher and advocate Conrad Shaw says where unemployment and welfare programs are criticized for disincentivizing work, the success of cash handout programs should be measured by how much additional income a participant brings in.CONRAD SHAW, INCOME TO SUPPORT ALL FOUNDATION: It becomes a floor that you can build on, and you have a much better chance of building out of poverty rather than of sealing over it.(END VIDEO CLIP)HOFF: We did reach out to Congresswoman Tlaib's office for more on the scope and the taxpayer cost of her plan. We have not heard back, Bret.BAIER: Alex, thank you.Stocks were up today as new inflation data strengthens the possibility of a Federal Reserve interest rate cut. The Dow gaining 47. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq finished with record closes. The S&P gained 27. The Nasdaq jumped 144 today.Up next, the panel on those dueling border trips and the congressional funding battle. And later, identifying unsung heroes of the Civil War.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: So instead of playing politics with the issue, why don't we just get together and get it done?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT: The United States is being overrun by the Biden migrant crime. It's a new form of vicious violation to our country.BIDEN: And they desperately need more resources. They need more agents, more officers, more judges, more equipment in order to secure our border.TRUMP: All the promises that are made, no wonder they come.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: The former president and the president along the border. "New York Times" writes it this way, "The politics behind Trump and Biden's dueling border stops. For Mr. Trump, the border is a familiar backdrop and represents almost the background music of his candidacy as he warns of a nation slipping out of reach and an invasion he promises to stop. For Mr. Biden, immigration represents a top vulnerability as the border crossings reached record highs in late 2023 and images of mass migration and its fallout have become fixtures on the news.With that, let's bring in our panel, Byron York, chief political correspondent of "The Washington Examiner," Leslie Marshall, Democratic strategist, and "Washington Post" columnist Marc Thiessen.Marc, the president spent a lot of his time talking about the border bill passed by the Senate, languishing in the House, saying that let's get this done. You need to do that. He was asked about different things, Laken Riley, the girl killed in Georgia, other things.In former President Trump's trip, he spent a lot of time talking about immigrant crime and all of the fallout from it. I don't think he was asked about holding up the Senate bill specifically, at least I didn't hear that. What about the politics of those two things?MARC THIESSEN, COLUMNIST, "WASHINGTON POST": First of all, watching Joe Biden at the border watch demanding an immigration bill is like watching an arsonist demanding buckets of fire. He set the fire and he has all the water he needs. He has all the existing authority he needs to shut down the border. In fact, not only is he not using existing authority, he is actually suing the state of Texas to stop them from doing his job because he is not doing it.And the only reason he is there is he spent three years denying that there was a border crisis, it has become a political crisis, because immigration has leapfrogged inflation and the economy as the number one issue for voters. And I think six in ten swing state voters say they blame him for the disaster on the border. So he has got a political crisis on his hands. So now, all of a sudden, after breaking the record for the worst border disaster in all three years of his presidency, he is finally showing up at the border and trying to shift the blame to Congress.BAIER: And by the way, I should point out, I love the drone team coverage from all of the border sites. We have been down there for so long. We know how to do all of that, and it really is something to see, all of this coverage from drones.Leslie, "Daily Mail," the president, opinion pass. "Biden is preposterously trying to blame me and congressional Republicans for the national security and public safety disaster he has created. He is claiming Republicans need to approve legislation for him to secure the border. But the truth is Joe Biden does not need a bill to solve the problem at the border. America needs to fire Joe Biden, solve the problem at the border. He created this catastrophe. At any point in the past three years he could have closed the border," to Marc's point there. Leslie?LESLIE MARSHALL, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Well, first of all, this crisis wasn't Donald Trump's fault, isn't Joe Biden's fault. It goes back about 30 years. And Congress is to blame. I mean, you can keep people in Mexico, and right now Mexico doesn't agree to that. And that is a band-aid when immigration needs major reconstructive surgery. And no one president can do it alone.The devil is in the details and Border Patrol sites that arrests and border crossings were down 50 percent in January. They're trending that way in February. If we change the laws to seek asylum, if people don't have to come here for that, one. Two, Congress, this would be a win. This would be like infrastructure for both Democrats and Republicans because immigration is important to both Democrats and Republicans in this election coming up.And then lastly, I would say the president being at the border, I agree he should have been there sooner. However, the president and former president, it is just a photo op. People want to know what they're going to do, not just shake hands and see pictures of them smiling or perhaps kissing a few babies.BAIER: OK.MARSHALL: Oh, wait, one more thing? Can I say one more thing?BAIER: Yes, yes, go ahead.MARSHALL: One more thing. OK, it always bothers me, if you have a rabbit and a carrot, and the rabbit jumps for the carrot, we blame the rabbit. We never blame the person holding the carrot. And that's another thing we don't talk about enough in this country, the people --THIESSEN: Joe Biden is holding the carrot.MARSHALL: they are luring people -- No. They are luring people --THIESSEN: Yes, he is. He said come, come. Seek asylum.MARSHALL: Joe Biden is not hiring these people. Joe Biden is not hiring these people. Companies are. Private corporations are.BAIER: OK, but as a candidate, he said come on over.THIESSEN: Exactly. He's holding the carrot.BAIER: That's what he did say. Byron in the debates come. Byron, your reaction?THIESSEN: It's a great analogy, Leslie.(LAUGHTER)BYRON YORK, CHIEF POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT, "THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER": Politically, and in addition to Marc mentioning that immigration is now the top issue among voters, this new Gallup poll shows 55 percent of the people thought that the entry of large numbers of immigrants into the United States illegally represented a vital threat to the United States. And we know that it's no longer your grandfather's issue of immigrants from Mexico coming into the United States. It's all over the country. China was the second biggest source of illegal border crossers in this fiscal year.So, politically, it's almost difficult to figure out why Biden even did this. This is Trump's best issue and Biden's worst issue. And selling the product, the product being that the border crisis was caused by Republicans, is just something that most people are not going to buy.BAIER: Last thing quickly, Marc. Hunter Biden, we're going through this transcript of his testimony behind closed doors, admitting that he put his father on speakerphone and invited him to meetings but denies any involvement. This is coming out, and James Comer said it's going to lead to a public hearing. Now Abbe Lowell is saying that's not going to happen. Where are we on this thing?THIESSEN: I think if they are going to have a public hearing, maybe they ought to avoid a government shutdown, because trying to investigate Hunter while the government gets shut down is going to be problematic. Congress needs to exercise its power of the purse before Americans are willing to listen to this. This is a very important investigation. They need to get to the bottom of it. But they need to do their job, which is to fund the government, give aid to Ukraine, give aid to Israel, give tied Taiwan. Let the House exercise its will, and then we can get to the bottom of all of these things.BAIER: Yes, and that's going to be a challenge, because "Politico" has a headline, "Republicans, admit it, Kevin McCarthy has never looked so good."(LAUGHTER)BAIER: And it's going to be an interesting few days with all of the funding. Panel, thanks so much.And finally tonight, a SPECIAL REPORT salute.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Just the best thing yet, especially since they did so much for the war. And the conditions that they had to fight under, still segregated, still black. But they were freedom fighters.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Thelma Sims Dukes grew up in Vicksburg, Mississippi, the site of a major Civil War battle. She has long pushed for more recognition of black soldiers in the war, including her great, great grandfather. Now, thanks to the effort of people like her, 13 previously unknown black soldiers buried in Vicksburg have been identified. Neat story.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, former President Trump is expected to appear in a Florida courtroom to learn additional details about when his classified documents trial will begin.Plus, join us for our special Super Tuesday coverage. It begins 7:00 p.m. eastern time.Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6:00 p.m. in the east, 3:00 p.m. on the west coast.We got you covered, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" is now.