BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Try. We'll catch you next time.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes, sir.BAIER: That does it for us tonight.MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Thank you all so much.BAIER: More of this SUPER TUESDAY election night. Coming up, polls in California closing in just moments.MACCALLUM: Our coverage continues with Trace Gallagher. Take it away, Trace.TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: And thank you, Bret. Thank you, Martha.Good evening. I'm Trace Gallagher. It is 11:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 8:00 here in Los Angeles, and welcome to our special SUPER TUESDAY election coverage, the biggest night yet in the race for the White House.Polls closing right this minute in California and Utah. But as it stands as you saw, Donald Trump having a very good night, already sweeping a majority of the states in play. So far, it looks like about 11. We will get to that as the night goes on.And after tonight, winning a windfall of delegates, the former president is expected to be a stone's throw away from clenching the GOP nomination.Meantime, from the Nikki Haley campaign, we are hearing crickets. We are now being told that she will not be making any public remarks tonight. And of course, if that changes, we will bring you that. The president also not speaking. But we will be speaking for the next two hours.We have "TEAM FOX COVERAGE". Aishah Hasnie is live at the Trump campaign headquarters in West Palm Beach, Florida.Bill Melugin, live in Charleston, South Carolina with how Nikki Haley is handing -- handling the results. Rich Edson, live in the Laredo, Texas with how the border crisis is impacting the ballot box there. And the White House correspondent Peter Doocy, live at the White House, with what tonight's primary results could mean for a rematch between Trump and Biden.But first, let's bring in the hosts of the previous show. Bret Baier and Martha MacCallum, tracking all your Super Tuesday election results.Bret and Martha, thank you so much for kind of sticking with us for a few minutes here.Martha, to you first, I saw you talking to the panel all night long. I'm curious, what was your big takeaway of the night? What did you -- what did you find surprising as the night went on?MACCALLUM: Well, Trace I think if you rewound a few years, a lot of people would not have expected that we would be where we are tonight. And it is a -- an incredible political comeback story for anybody who covers politics or watches all of this. I think we are witnessing something extraordinary.I also think that when you look at the mix of voters and how it's shifting in the country, you look at the increase in Hispanic and black votes that it appears we're seeing in some of these categories, we're watching something that is a very dynamic in this country. And you're also watching a reaction to three years, and we'll see how it goes.But it looks like that people are getting the matchup that, you know, some people said they didn't want but the gravity is clearly behind these two candidates right now.GALLAGHER: Yes, they are. And you look at what President Trump did tonight, Bret and you kind of think, I was -- I was just listening to Trey Gowdy, earlier talking about, you know, maybe the possibility of a Reagan mandate.You know, if this thing goes the way that he was talking about, was that a surprising comment? Because Martha's right. We see some of these polls, the Hispanic voters, the black voters, the, you know, the things that the Biden administration is doing right and wrong, and the wrong numbers are always much higher.What do you think about that kind of analysis, Bret?BAIER: Yes, listen, we're going to see how these months go. We are eight months from the day from the general election. That is a long time. It's the longest general election we will ever have seen in our lifetime up until now.I will say this. To Martha's point, it is a remarkable political comeback. Think of how many things have been thrown at former President Trump. Think about how many legal cases he still has yet to fight. He's, you know, how many charges he's facing. And in the wake of that, he is getting overwhelming response from voters, not just, you know, a different coalition of voters.You are talking about, in some cases, Reagan Democrats, these are union workers who have decided they want to vote for Donald Trump in some of these primaries.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAIER: He has defeated all of his challengers. And if you look back two years, we would not have predicted this day. You would have said this is going to be Governor Ron DeSantis. This is going to be somebody else besides former President Trump.GALLAGHER: Speaking of that, somebody else, Martha, you have Nikki Haley on your show quite a bit. You kind of know what she is been going through and thinking. What do you think after tonight? She hasn't clearly not going to speak tonight. She has no plans or events through tomorrow. Do you think Nikki Haley is done? Or does she keep going?MACCALLUM: You know what? There is no doubt that they're in an evaluation phase at this moment. I mean, the numbers are what they are. She always said that she wanted to allow many states to weigh in before she would get out of this race or consider getting out of this race. I think after tonight those become very concrete issues to deal with.She's lost some of her or financial backing in recent weeks as well, and she needs to evaluate where she wants to be as a candidate.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.MACCALLUM: What she wants her political future to look like. But I think enough people on the panel tonight gave her a lot of credit. She is the -- she is no woman has ever gotten farther in the Republican presidential process than she has.And she watched a lot of the fellows as she likes to say, fall by the wayside. And, you know, I think she deserves a lot of credit for fighting a good fight here.GALLAGHER: Yes. And lastly, to you, Bret, the president's -- the former president's speech tonight, some called it conciliatory. Some, called it subdued. What would you call it?BAIER: It was a soft touch by the former president. He was -- it was not the traditional firebrand kind of going after a number of different targets. He was giving his assessment of where his administration was and how bad he thinks the situation is now.I think there was probably, you know, a possibility to have a dismount that maybe was on a teleprompter, that we talked about that with the panel, you know, where there was this soundbite. But maybe that was his pitch.You know, he does things a lot off the cuff.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAIER: And this was an off the cuff speech, probably from the heart to his supporters in Mar-a-Lago. I will say this. Nikki Haley, no matter what happens after today, will have some people on the convention floor in Milwaukee.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAIER: From Vermont, and from the District of Columbia, who will nominate her for the presidency of the United States. And we'll see what happens to her campaign after this.GALLAGHER: Yes, Bret, Martha, and your panel, exceptional work, as always. Thank you for coming on the show. We very much appreciate it.BAIER: You bet.(CROSSTALK)MACCALLUM: Good to be with you, Trace.GALLAGHER: While continuing coverage now, SUPER TUESDAY, with tonight's results, a rematch of the 2020 presidential election between Biden and Trump looks even more likely.The White House correspondent Peter Doocy is live at the White House with more on this. Peter, good evening.PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Trace.And all has been quiet here in person at the White House. But about 45 minutes ago, we got the first reaction to tonight's results from President Biden himself. And when you look at the five paragraphs of the text that they sent over, there is some stuff about what Biden would do with a second term. But it's a lot more about Donald Trump.And we pulled out the key paragraph of the president's statement. It says, "If Donald Trump returns to the White House, all of this progress is at risk. He is driven by grievance and grift, focused on his own revenge and retribution, not the American people. He is determined to destroy our democracy, rip away fundamental freedoms, like the ability for women to make their own health care decisions, and pass another round of billions of dollars in tax cuts for the wealthy, and he'll do anything to put himself in power.And even though Donald Trump is President Biden's focus right there, at some point tonight, in the war room in Wilmington, Delaware, where the reelection is based, a name crossed people's computer screens there, the campaign staff that they were not expecting that name, Jason Palmer, he defeated President Biden in American Samoa, from out of nowhere.I checked in with the campaign. They don't seem too worried about it, because American Samoa also went uncommitted in 2016, but over Bernie and Clinton, and then in 2020, we saw Michael Bloomberg win it.So, that was the main surprise. When I checked in with campaign staff, they also sent over a list of things that they are looking at tonight. And again, it focuses a lot less on the primary process and a lot more on what they think are openings for them in this general election fight with Trump, particularly his weakness with Haley voters, according to exit polls that we're taking across the country today. Trace?GALLAGHER: Gives us very unique insight into the strategy going ahead for the president and his campaign.Peter Doocy, live for us in the White House. Peter, thank you for staying up. We appreciate it.And now, it is off to Florida and inside the Trump campaign with their reaction to tonight's results. Aishah Hasnie is live for us in West Palm Beach. Aishah, good evening.AISHAH HASNIE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. Well, you heard it there directly from the former president. He absolutely claiming victory tonight.But in that 20-minute speech, most glaring part of it all was that he never mentioned Nikki Haley's name once, not once. And he did that, as he, of course, took victory tonight, even as there are some still some states that are yet to be tallied. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: They call it Super Tuesday for a reason. This is a big one.This was an amazing -- an amazing night, and an amazing day. It's been an incredible period of time, and our country's history, it's been sad in so many ways. But I think it's going to be inspiring because we're going to do something that frankly, nobody has been able to do for a long time.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: So, there is been a lot of talk about unity, Trace. Haley has been accusing Trump of dividing and alienating voters, especially her voters, non MAGA voters. Here is Trump addressing how he plans on uniting Americans.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I had been saying lately, success will bring unity to our country. And it happened before we had the best economy our country's ever had. They wanted to get together African American, Asian American, Hispanic American, women, men, people with diplomas from the best schools in the world. And people that didn't graduate from high school.Every single group was doing better than ever before. And it was a beautiful thing.(END VIDEO CLIP)HASNIE: He did talk plenty about President Trump, calling him the worst president in our nation's history. Also, talked a lot at length about the border. Clear signs -- clear indications that he is wanting to now pivot to the general election. And we'll see more of that as he heads to Georgia this Saturday.You'll see dueling remarks from both the former president and President Biden. Both of them will be in Georgia at the same time. Trace?GALLAGHER: Aishah Hasnie, live for us in Florida. Aishah, we'll get back to you as the news warrants. Thank you.We have some breaking news coming in to FOX NEWS @ NIGHT. We can now project that both president -- former President Trump and President Biden will win the state of California tonight. And that kind of includes that whole clean sweep. We are still checking into the numbers of uncommitted voters in California and the other states.We know there are three or four states for President Biden that uncommitted came into double digits. We will talk with the panel about that coming up as well.Meantime, will Super Tuesday be the end of Nikki Haley's campaign? Bill Melugin is live in Charleston, South Carolina tonight with that. Bill, good evening.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Trace, good evening to you. I wish we could offer you some more insight, but we have not heard from Nikki Haley's campaign in about four hours now. It has been total radio silence.We know that she is here in the Charleston area, watching these returns privately with her campaign staff. And as of hours ago, we were told they were all in a good mood, waiting for those returns. We have not gotten an update from them yet as to how they are feeling now.What we do know is Nikki Haley just won her first state of this primary, Vermont. You can take a look at this graphic on the screen right here.Vermont, the very first day of the primary she won in. She campaigned there on Sunday. She was in Burlington. This is her second win of the primary. She previously won the District of Columbia, but this was one of the states she was expected to do well, in on this all-important Super Tuesday.But she's been crisscrossing the country in recent days, trying to perform well tonight. Take a look at this graphic. These are just some of the states she was in over the last week or so. And you'll notice some of the states on there, Virginia, Minnesota, Maine.Some of these Super Tuesday states.Several of them have already been called for Donald Trump. So, the not -- the night has not been going the way the Nikki Haley campaign was hoping as they were coming into the night.And again, we have not heard anything from them. We reached out to them to see if they have any reaction to the win in Vermont. We have not heard back from them just yet.Back out here live, these initial returns that have been coming in are very likely going to raise more questions as to what Nikki Haley's path forward is following the Super Tuesday. And as you just heard, Aishah mentioned during Donald Trump's speech tonight, he did not mention Nikki Haley or bring up her name a single time in about 20 minutes of speaking. We'll send it back to you, Trace.GALLAGHER: He appears very confident. Bill Melugin, live for us in South Carolina. Bill, thank you. As the second biggest delegate prize of this Super Tuesday, the stakes are especially high in Texas, given the state of the southern border crisis.The senior national correspondent Rich Edson is live for us in Laredo, Texas with more on that. Rich, good evening.RICH EDSON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: Yes, good evening, Trace.Well, a record number of migrants who have crossed the southern U.S. border during this administration. And if you look at some of the recent polling ongoing right now in several recent polls, immigration, border issues have risen to among the top concerns among American voters.It's something both presidential front runners had been mentioning had been sparring directly with one another over. Over just the past week, they both offered very detailed, very different strategies for addressing the border surge.President Biden and former President Trump even visited the border last week in Texas on the same day, though, a few 100 miles apart. Democratic Congressman Henry Cuellar represents the border district here in Laredo. He is been pushing the President to take a more aggressive approach on border security, and told us, the White House is starting to get the message.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. HENRY CUELLAR (D-TX): Have they got off what I call the comfort zone? Yes. Would they anger some of the immigration advocates? Absolutely, they would under the Senate bill. And probably, some members of Congress and senators.But, again, you got to do what's right, and that is secure the border.EDSON (voice over): Former President Trump opposed that bipartisan Senate border Bill. Congressional Republicans followed suit and failed to passTrump's Republican challenger, Nikki Haley, says opposing that compromise, the former president is creating chaos at the border just to help his election chances.Other Republicans argue President Biden has all the authority he needs to address the southern border.REP. TONY GONZALES (R-TX): America has had enough. They've had enough of Joe Biden, they've had enough for Joe Biden, they've had enough for this open border. They've had enough of this crisis, and they are looking for someone to lead them to some solutions.(END VIDEO CLIP)EDSON: Texas also has Senate primaries tonight about 10 Democrats campaigning for the nomination to take on incumbent Republican Senator Ted Cruz.A.P. says Democratic Congressman Colin Allred has secured the votes to take on Cruz. He needed 50 percent, plus one vote to avoid a May runoff. But before the polls closed this evening, a pro cruise super PAC is already releasing ads attacking Allred. Back to you, Trace.GALLAGHER: Rich Edson live for us in Texas, Rich, thank you. Let's bring in tonight's panel. Maslansky and Partners president, Lee Carter; Fox News contributor Steve Hilton, and criminal defense attorney and federal litigator Vik Bajaj. Thank you all for coming on.I want to pick up if I can with you, Vik, where Rich Edson left off there. Because the Fox News polling, it says best describes the situation on the U.S. southern border. The numbers do not weigh heavily in the president's favor here. You have almost eight out of 10 voters saying what's happening down on the border is an emergency. 78 percent say it is an emergency.I mean, if you're in the Biden administration, those are alarm bells. Vik.VIK BAJAJ, CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY: And those are just numbers, Trace. When we actually talk about what those numbers mean, it's startling. It's frightening. And you can't blame people for being absolutely terrified for their families, liberty, and limb.Let's talk about this. 10 people per year, on average. Of people on the national, international terrorist watch list were coming in per year.GALLAGHER: Right.BAJAJ: From 2020 to 2022. Well, just since October, we have 59.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAJAJ: And just one a couple of weeks before President Trump made his way down to Eagle Pass. It's not only dangerous, it's dangerous and desperate, because now, the plugs are being put in the holes in the dam. And what happens in the world of organized crime is when the opportunity is getting narrower and narrow, the danger increases exponentially.GALLAGHER: Yes. Yes, and now moving on to tonight, Steve Hilton, Nikki Haley -- I mean, we've talked a lot about this. Talk about it with Martha. Does she stay in? Does she get out? I mean, it doesn't look good for her.STEVE HILTON, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: I do -- I do love Martha's phrase that Nikki Haley is in evaluation phase.I'm not sure how long that phase needs to be. There's not a lot to evaluate. I mean, this is a disaster for someone who's actually seriously trying to win elections.GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: She is winning nothing, practically.And the mystery about all this is what it's all been about --the last few weeks of this campaign. And I think it is worth analyzing this situation. Because I -- you know, I talk to friends, Republicans, I'm around the state a lot, I was -- would be down in San Diego, there's great watch party tonight. Team Freedom, the epicenter there.I talked to my friends in California and across the country. They don't understand. And even if you take Nikki Haley's arguments at face value --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: Why she was in this race the last few weeks? They said at the beginning, well, if we just let one candidate go one to one with Donald Trump, then, it will be a real contest.Well, how did that turn out?GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: She was one to one pretty much from the beginning. It's been a complete flop. Then, they say, well, actually, the voters, the Republican voters, they deserve a choice for their presidential candidate. It's not a real choice if you're not winning in the actual contest. This isn't an opinion poll to express a view, this is about choosing a candidate for president.GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: What's this about? You -- she is saying? Well, maybe she'll have because she's got these delegates some of the leverage at the convention. Leverage for what? Her entire campaign was about identity politics that her age, that she beat the fellows, as she endlessly gratingly went on about.And the final point, I think it's important to understand, when people say, well, really this is, the phrase you hear a lot is that she is now the, I told you so candidate.GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: She says that Trump can't beat Biden. And so, she is going to be proved right. And in the end, the party will come back to her. She completely misunderstands that this is not about one person.GALLAGHER: No.HILTON: The Trump movement is about ideas.GALLAGHER: Right.HILTON: And not just one individual. The idea that the party will come back to her after all this, to me, is ridiculous.GALLAGHER: Le me get to Lee Carter now. Steve, Axios says that the following here, Lee Carter, "Biden's new strategy: go for Trump's jugular." Quoting, "Biden has told friends he thinks Trump is wobbly, both intellectually and emotionally, and will explode if Biden mercilessly gigs and goads him -- go haywire in public, as one adviser put it. Instead of focusing on jobs, the economy, areas in which polls suggest Americans aren't giving Biden much credit, Biden would be making the contest as much about Trump as his own accomplishments.What about that strategy, Lee?LEE CARTER, PRESIDENT, MASLANSKY AND PARTNERS: I think it's a big mistake. We've seen a lot of people try to go after Donald Trump. But it usually backfires. You can't out Trump, Trump, you can't really use a different strategy to go after.When I think that Joe Biden's whole persona is not that, I think it would be antithetical to who he said he is. And it's going to seem hypocritical. He promised to be the candidate of unity, he is going -- you know, and he hasn't delivered on that. If he does this kind of a strategy, I think it's just going to backfire.And I always say that the candidate who's reacting is the one that's losing.GALLAGHER: Yes.CARTER: If he spends all of his time reacting --GALLAGHER: We just lost Lee Carter there. We'll try to get her back.(CROSSTALK)CARTER: -- I'm just going to give -- it's lift up Donald Trump, and it's going to seem like Joe Biden is losing.GALLAGHER: Yes, we just got her back. Lee, thank you very much.I want to put this up, and the thing, we've got about 30 seconds. And I just want to put it up just for the edification of our audience. This is rating the minus Biden administration on and it goes all the way through climate change, all the way down through border security. And you can see the numbers mostly failed on the right-hand side of the screen, just keep getting worse as you go down by the topics.And I've got 10 seconds for you, Vik, but it doesn't look good. And then, Steve.BAJAJ: Money, safety, breadwinning family. You lose on those, you should lose this election.GALLAGHER: Yes.BAJAJ: It's that simple.GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: And that's why the only argument you're going to hear from the Democrats and Biden, the same ones they tried before, abortion --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.HILTON: Trump's a threat to democracy. On the actual issues, as Vik says that matter to people, they've got nothing to say.GALLAGHER: Nothing to say.Panel, standby. We'll come back to you.Coming up, continuing special election coverage of Super Tuesday, the night filled with success for the Trump campaign. But what does it mean for his legal troubles going forward? We'll have continuing coverage on that and more, next on FOX NEWS @ NIGHT.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Very quick update on breaking news. We can tell you that in California, both the former President Donald Trump and the current President Joe Biden won the primaries there. Bunch of delegates going to each of those. We'll get you specific details as the show goes on.Now, to the impact of tonight's primary results on Trump's legal troubles moving forward. Let's bring in Trump's senior adviser Kash Patel. Kash, it's great to have you on, it was a big night.A couple of questions, first, big night for the former president. His speech seemed a little subdued. He did not mention Nikki Haley one time, which to me seems like an indication that he is moving forward.KASH PATEL, FORMER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CHIEF OF STAFF UNDER TRUMP: I think you're right.Look, President Trump is looking to unify the country. There is no need to spike the football tonight. He sent the message out to the American people now that the Republican nomination essentially over, he wants the message out there. It seems to me that he's fighting for everybody, Democrat, Republican, libertarian, what have you.And Donald Trump has delivered tonight across the country based on his agenda from the border, to the economy, to Iran, to Russia, China, and the never-ending wars.America has said resoundingly, we want President Trump back and Joe Biden has failed.GALLAGHER: Are you surprised at how well, the former president did tonight? I mean, he lost Vermont. And that's really Nikki Haley now. She won D.C. and then, she won Vermont. Those are her two primary victories.I'm wondering if you were surprised because the numbers were -- the numbers were very, very strong for the former president tonight. Kash.PATEL: Yes, I actually took a look at those numbers up against Joe Biden. And I know he's running unopposed. But in places like North Carolina, Michigan, and Minnesota --(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes. ' PATEL: President Trump's scored more numerical votes than Joe Biden. I think that speaks volumes to the shift in America towards Donald Trump, again, not just across Republican lines, but Democrat, Independents, and all other political spectrums.So, I'm not surprised at all. And I think for election purposes, this primary is over.GALLAGHER: Yes.PATEL: And I agree with Donald Trump, it's all towards November and Joe Biden.GALLAGHER: And I think you're right. It's not official yet, but for all intents and purposes, this is a rematch. It is the former president versus the current President, Donald Trump versus Joe Biden.I want to go through the legal troubles, because as the former president goes forward with the campaign, he's also dealing with a bunch of legal troubles. One of them this month, of course, is by far, many believed the weakest case, the one brought by the Manhattan D.A. Alvin Bragg, the hush money case. The trial they're supposed to start March 25th, your thoughts on that, Kash?PATEL: I think my thoughts on the all of the legal cases are Donald Trump has come in and expose the deep states flank and their weapon of choice, which is a two-tier weaponized system of justice. It's not a right-wing conspiracy talking point anymore.And whether it's in Manhattan or Georgia, or the Colorado Supreme Court versus the United States Supreme Court, and whether you look at Joe Biden classified documents case and Donald Trump's classified documents case, America is responding to Donald Trump's exposure of this two-tiered system of justice.And what the Supreme Court I think took a step towards this week was uniform system of justice, which this country so desperately needs.(CROSSTALK)GALLAGHER: Yes.PATEL: Our constitutional republic is at stake. And people like Alvin Bragg, when they bring these prosecutions, they show their intent. They just want to kneecap Donald Trump. off the campaign trail, they want him in a courtroom. Because they know, as a result of tonight, his message is winning everyday Americans.And now, the two-tier system of justice is fully on trial thanks to Donald Trump. And he's the only one that can expose it and defeat it. I think he's going to continue to use that to his great advantage.GALLAGHER: Yes, he already is. And it has been an advantage to him from step one. Kash Patel, great to see you. Thank you for coming on. We appreciate it.PATEL: Have a great night.GALLAGHER: And coming up, California is home to the largest delegate prize for both parties. A live report on that next. Plus, who will fill the Senate seat of the late Dianne Feinstein? What would you say if we told you that right now, Republican Steve Garvey is at the top of the polls in deep blue California? Our coverage of the Super Tuesday primaries continues next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Well, interesting dynamics at play in tonight's primary in California, including the hotly contested race to fill the Senate. But by the way, we have some breaking news coming in because look at the numbers. We just now got the numbers compiled here. This is the California primary and it's fascinating to me because you have the former president in California taking 73, almost 74 percent of the vote, and you have Nikki Haley at 22 percent.I mean that's almost eight out of 10 voters. 7.5 out of 10 voters. You can't get 7.5 out of 10 voters as I often say, Steve Hilton, to tell you the color of an orange. They can't agree on that. It's just kind of the way it is, and in California it seems like a lot. We're going to get back to that in a minute. Meantime, Christina Coleman live tracking the results of the Senate election here in California. Christina, good evening.CHRISTINA COLEMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Trace. I want to mention those big numbers that you just mentioned with the presidential primary there. You know, last year, the state GOP changed its primary rules allowing for any candidate who secures more than 50 percent of the vote to walk away with all of the state's 169 delegates.So, that is huge. That will be a big help for Donald Trump as he works to secure the Republican nomination. Now, as for that closely watched Senate race here, 27 candidates are fighting to fill that seat. They're trying to fill the seats of the late Senator Dianne Feinstein. Now, longtime Democrat Congressman Adam Schiff is in the lead with a Republican, former L.A. Dodgers Star, Steve Garvey.Now Garvey did not pay for a bunch of TV ads. He didn't pay for any at all or he holds any big rallies, but he gained a lot of traction in this race. Political experts say his baseball stardom and Schiff's campaign ad blitz, which elevated Garvey's standing among Republican voters, has helped this GOP contender.Now, the top two finishers in this primary will compete against one another in November's general election, regardless of their political party. Also, a Republican has not been elected to a statewide office in this deep blue state since back in 2006. However, Garvey is still optimistic about his chances winning if he makes it to the general election. He remains confident. He spoke to reporters just moments ago after the polls closed. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVE GARVEY (R-CA), SENATORIAL CANDIDATE: The people are speaking. I think they're listening to my message. Talking about common sense and compassion, building teams and consensus. And for some reason, this is resonating now.(END VIDEO CLIP)COLEMAN: Congressman Adam Schiff cast his ballot today. He, too, seems very confident as he remained in the lead ahead of the other high-profile Democrats in this race, Congresswomen Katie Porter and Barbara Lee.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ADAM SCHIFF (D-CA): I think we're on a great campaign. We're very proud of it. We have an amazing campaign team. And it's been just wonderful traveling up and down the state meeting Californians.(END VIDEO CLIP)COLEMAN: Again, this has been a very close, and intense, and expensive race. Open U.S. Senate seats are rare here in California and this is also the most expensive Senate race in the state's history. Together, all the campaigns they have spent more than $65 million so far. Trace.GALLAGHER: That's a bunch of money. Christina Coleman live for us in Los Angeles. Christina, thank you.Lee Carter, Steve Hilton, and Vik Bajaj are back with us now. I don't know, Steve Hilton, I think that I want to put this, this is a voter we talked to, and he gave us his reason why he voted for Steve Garvey and why he did not vote for Adam Schiff. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Steve Garvey, well he's a Trump supporter, number one, and he speaks a lot of sense. I mean, in Adam Schiff, that is one sick individual. He shouldn't be anywhere near the Senate. He shouldn't the dog -- man is terrible. He's a liar. Everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: I mean, the bottom line of the primary, Steve Hilton, is that Steve Garvey could actually come out on top. Now, that doesn't mean that in the general election, he would because it's a one-on-one race if Garvey and Schiff are, you know, then all of a sudden you have the lone Republican, you can't split up the Democratic vote like they're doing tonight, and you've got to have Garvey versus Schiff and the odds become much longer.HILTON: That's true, but I think what we're seeing, and I'm glad that the nation is waking up to this, is that California is way more Republican than people think, even before the last few years. If you look at the average vote share for Republicans in statewide races, it's over 40 percent.And now, in the last few years, as you've seen this accelerating sense of real failure from the Democrats on every single issue, not just the big ones that we see all the time, crime and homelessness, but on the state of the public schools where we have the worst literacy in the country. We have the highest taxes, but the worst poverty, on and on.Every issue. A disaster. People are waking up, they want change, and in Steve Garvey you have a candidate with a very attractive message, a very -- a manner that people really relate to. And of course, someone that in big parts of the state, they know him, and love him, and it's a very exciting moment.GALLAGHER: Yes. CBS News said the following here, "California Senate race results could hold some surprises on Super Tuesday." It goes on to say, "Despite its nickname, the Golden State is perennially deep blue when it comes to politics. But this year, California could go partially red." Let's go to the man with the red tie, Vik Bajaj. What do you think about this, Vik? I mean, you know California. You, you know, you've done a lot of work here. It is blue. I mean, Steve Hilton's optimistic view, but it is blue, blue in California. Is the pendulum swinging?BAJAJ: Absolutely, beyond a shadow of a doubt. I've had court in Santa Cruz. I've had court in San Francisco, in Oakland, in Los Angeles, in San Diego, not to mention the federal courts throughout California. And I can tell you, the conversation I have with everyone on the other side on the prosecutorial side and on my side, the defense side, is safety, border, and money -- the trifecta. It's a very simple equation. And now the pendulum is swinging. It may take a couple of three years but it's undeniable at this point.GALLAGHER: There's a reason we have three of you on the panel because we're going to try and break this tie if we can because, Lee, I mean the whole thing Lee Carter is, you crunch the numbers, you know kind of the numbers, you look at California.My question to you is, I mean Vik's right, we could oust this far-left D.A. in Los Angeles. It seems like there are, there are at least bits and pieces of the state that are moving toward the right, but do you think that Steve Garvey has any chance in the fall against Adam Schiff?CARTER: I think it's a real tough road when it comes, when it to the fall in California. But I think that we are seeing that there's a lot of people out there who are just rejecting the very notion that Democrats are putting out there that if you disagree with them, that you are either stupid or ignorant or something else.And what's happening now is people are saying, you know what, I care about the border, I care about security, I care about homelessness, I care about all of these issues, I want my community back. And so, there's a much broader appeal among Republicans in some of these states than you expect. You see it in California, we're starting to see some of that same kind of thing happen in New York.And so, I think we are seeing a surge in conservatism in places where we didn't expect it. And this is a really big deal that we're even having this conversation. We haven't seen anything like this happen since 1988. And, you know, he hasn't spent a lot of money. This is just part of who he is and people saying that they want an alternative.GALLAGHER: Yes, I think that's fair. Lee Carter, Steve Hilton, Vik Bajaj, stand by if you would. Coming up, we have live coverage on the ground in Colorado. One day ago, the Supreme Court ruled that Trump could remain on the ballot in Colorado. It was 9-0. We're going to have some reaction and some results next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GALLAGHER: Welcome back to continuing coverage of Super Tuesday. Just in time for today's primary in Colorado, the Supreme Court ruled Monday to keep former President Trump on the ballot in the Centennial State. The senior correspondent, Alicia Acuna, live in Denver with the very latest on that. Alicia, good evening.ALICIA ACUNA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, good evening, Trace. That makes for two victories in two days for former President Trump here in the state of Colorado. We can take a look at the numbers and where the margin stands right now. Trump expected to be awarded a majority of Colorado's 37 GOP delegates up until early yesterday morning.The big question was whether votes for Trump would even count? The U.S. Supreme Court in its unanimous decision answering that question with a resounding yes. Colorado's Secretary of State expressing her disappointment saying it would be up to the American voters to "save democracy," but also assured that votes for Trump would count.Every registered voter in Colorado received a ballot by mail but many still showed up in person today to make their voices heard. On the issues, voters told us the economy and the border were top of mind as well as the Trump ballot issue. Here's what they shared with us.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm glad it overturned. I didn't think it was right that they took away our right to be able to vote for who we wanted to vote for.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think giving states the power to be able to remove presidential candidates from either party from the ballot is a really, really slippery slope. And I think that in today's political environment, it can be pretty dangerous.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I felt that the Supreme Court was going to do the right thing. So, it wasn't really a concern for me. It was just said that it was brought to that level.(END VIDEO CLIP)ACUNA: Now, in the Democratic primary, you can President Biden winning handily of note the tens of thousands of votes for non-committed delegate which continues that push that started in Michigan by pro-Palestinian activists unhappy with the President's handling of the Israeli-Hamas war.GALLAGHER: Alicia Acuna live for us in Denver. Alicia, thank you. Let's bring Fox News Contributor, Jason Chaffetz; former White House Deputy Strategic Communications Director, Roma Daravi; and Media Research Center T.V. Contributing Writer, Stephanie Hamill. Thank you all for coming on. I want to play this because this is Jamie Raskin the congressman. He is still not giving up on getting Trump disqualified. Jason, I'll get your response after. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JAMIE RASKIN (D-MD): I am working with a number of my colleagues including Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Eric Swalwell to revive legislation that we had to set up a process by which we could determine that someone who committed insurrection is disqualified by Section 3 of the 14th Amendment.(END VIDEO CLIP) GALLAGHER: Of course, he left out that he's never been charged with insurrection nor convicted of insurrection, Jason. A little factoid there.JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, that's quite a group: Jamie Raskin, Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, and Eric Swalwell. I mean, I mean, talk about the all-star list there. That's a, that's quite a motley crew. They want to actually be the judge and jury. They want to be not just the legislative branch, but they want to be the judicial branch and make the determination based on their wisdom as to whether or not somebody committed a crime.Donald Trump was never charged with this crime, let alone convicted of it. If it was so obvious, go talk to the Biden Department of Justice because they never charged the president with that, because he didn't do it, that's why.GALLAGHER: Yes, I mean, that's the whole thing they keep leaving out again and again and again. Nikki Haley did not speak tonight, Roma Daravi, but she did speak today on "FOX AND FRIENDS", and she had this to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY, REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: If I were to get out of the race, it would still be the longest presidential general election in history. I don't know why everybody's so adamant that they have to follow Trump's lead to get me out of this race.(END VIDEO CLIP)GALLAGHER: It just sounds to me like she's leaning toward getting out of the race. I mean, the longer she stays in it, it starts to get a little unusual. Roma, your thoughts?ROMA DARAVI, FORMER WHITE HOUSE DEPUTY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: It does. She's touting it as the longest race to the finish line, but she is losing when she gets there. So, not sure why she still feels like this is a race worth running. The American people spoke loud and clear tonight when they casted their votes.And all over the country you saw, no matter what these Democrats are trying to do, no matter what the case they throw at President Trump, like the one in Colorado, the voters want to be able to vote for him. And that right should not be taken away from them.Nikki Haley is not the person that they're looking to, to help fix this country. There are a whole slew of problems that we've been dealing with for three and a half years now. It's really time for the party to unite under President Trump's leadership.And Nikki Haley should take the first step if she speaks tonight or if it's tomorrow whenever she chooses to. I do hope that she decides to finally pull out of this race and unite behind President Trump.GALLAGHER: Yes, the people that I'm hearing from think that that's probably going to happen. Jason Riley wrote this in the Wall Street Journal editorial: "Biden's worst nightmare, Blacks and Hispanics for Trump." "Mr. Trump isn't leading Mr. Biden because voters are ignorant about what they get in the second Trump term. Joe Biden won four years ago because voters wanted the Donald Trump economy without Donald Trump. That's not what Mr. Biden delivered, and he'll have to do more than call his opponent a threat to democracy if he's going to win re-election." I mean, it's actually a very good point. You got to sometimes run on your own record, Stephanie. I mean, yes, Stephanie, your thoughts.STEPHANIE HAMILL, MEDIA RESEARCH CENTER T.V. CONTRIBUTING WRITER: Yes, exactly. That you just pointed out that Donald Trump is winning with minorities across the board here. We're seeing the numbers going up and the Biden campaign must be shaking in their boots so much so, you know, they are coming out there.They're talking about how there's like shrink inflation and they have the cookie monster coming out for their defense but at the end of the day people care less about Donald Trump's rhetoric and more about their pocketbooks and what they can afford in the economy, border security and just general law and order in this country and the Biden administration hasn't been delivering that.GALLAGHER: What about the uncommitted votes across the country? Four states with double digits, Jason, on that. Is that a concern for the Biden administration?CHAFFETZ: Yes, it should be a concern for both parties. The elections are won and lost by enthusiasm. They're won and lost with that middle five percent. The people that make up their decision in September or October. And now, once we understand who the two candidates are, even though they're both very familiar to us, that's where, that's where you've got to go win those votes.Because how they sway, and for the messaging that's coming out of the White House and the Democrats that we're trying to continue to take away your right to vote in the name of democracy, is just laughable. And Joe Biden is supposedly on Thursday is going to go out and start talking about, oh, hey, we got rid of junk fees for you and you save $600.Nobody believes that. Nobody feels that. It's just they're so off message. When you're explaining, you're losing. And that's what they're trying to do.GALLAGHER: Yes, Roma, I got 10 seconds for you, but it really does seem like you need to really show something except for the other guys really bad.DARAVI: Yes, Joe Biden has nothing to show for his administration. It has been a complete disaster for the American people both at home and abroad overseas. We're at war, we're at war in our cities here in the nation, in the nation's capital that I'm sitting in. So, he's pointing at Trump trying to, you know, say that it's, it's going to be his personality that gets him over the finish line. We know that's not the case.GALLAGHER: Yes, thank you all. Our special election coverage continues after the break. We are back with live reports on the ground in Texas, California, and Colorado next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)