SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. We start tonight with the FOX News alert. It is 9:00 p.m. on the East Coast, 6:00 p.m. on the West Coast, and all the polls in Michigan are finally closed. We will continue to monitor the results throughout the evening.But former President Donald Trump has built up a massive lead of more than 30 points thus far over Nikki Haley in this Republican primary. And while Joe Biden appears well on the way to winning the Democratic primary, well, and what is an alarming sign for team Biden, roughly 16 percent of voters in the result we have so far voted for the option of uncommitted. It's going to be interesting to watch tonight.In recent weeks, Democrats, they have expressed their anger over Joe Biden's stance on the war in Israel and most notably squad member, Michigan Congresswoman Tlaib. Now in their calls for Democrats to vote uncommitted, as they push for a ceasefire -- well, today, according to Congresswoman Tlaib, she -- well, did just that.Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. RASHIDA TLAIB (D-MI): Everyone, it's Rashida. I was proud today to walk in and pull a Democratic ballot and vote uncommitted. We must protect our democracy. We must make sure that our government is about us, about the people. When 74 percent of Democrats in Michigan support a ceasefire, yet President Biden is not hearing us, this is the way we can use our democracy to say, listen, listen to Michigan, listen to the families right now that have been directly impacted, but also listen to the majority of Americans who are saying enough, no more wars, no more using our dollars to fund a genocide, no more.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. This is a FOX News alert, we can now project that Donald J. Trump will easily beat Nikki Haley in the Michigan Republican primary and Joe Biden has won the Democratic primary.But we're watching the uncommitted numbers tonight and is receiving now over 15 percent and right now, prominent Democrats watching this they are sounding the alarm over this protest vote and what it could mean for Biden. Now, take a look at what respected Democratic strategist James Carville and what he had to say. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There is this push to have people in the state fill in uncommitted to -- as a protest vote. It's very hard to measure when to be super concerned about it, when it's a red flag. In 2012, there were 20,000 people who wrote in uncommitted for Obama. What is the bar where you're going to think, oh, my gosh, this is a huge problem?JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: Well, already, no matter what happens, I know it's a huge problem and the uncommitted will do fairly well.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Well, by the way, circle back circle back, it is back on TV. How interesting and -- well, anyway apparently this sentiment is now being felt by team Biden as well. According to a new report, the White House and his 2024 reelection campaign, they're, quote, freaking out that Biden is bleeding support from Arab American voters in Michigan. One of the groups that helped elect him in the first place.Joining us now to break down these numbers, he is the host of "Special Report" right here on the FOX News Channel. Now, you notice it used to be the Hannity big board, then the Hemmer big board. Now tonight, we're calling it the Bret Baier big board. But he's at that board tonight.Big numbers tonight, Bret.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Yeah, hey, Sean, I'm just borrowing the board for just a night.Michigan primary, it's interesting, as you mentioned, the former president winning. We'll take a look at the Republican side. You know, there's only 16 delegates tonight. There's 39 delegates at a state convention over the weekend. They had to split it up because of rules.But as we dig in here to the numbers and there you see about 12 percent in, and 65 to 30, now a lot of these counties have not filled in but if you look down here in Detroit, you know, they haven't even filed yet. But next door, this is Washtenaw. This is where University of Michigan is, Ann Arbor. If Nikki Haley was going to have a big night, she had to have one right there, and you see the former president, that's 55 percent in. If you look over here at Grand Rapids, again, not a lot of numbers yet.This state has been really interesting for Republicans if you think back to the last elections. 2016, this turned into Trump country, all of this upper Michigan part, and that's what makes it so interesting for the general election. He's going to win big, all the polls heading in had him up significantly, but really how union voters vote in the general election if we're going to have this head-to-head again, and how Arab American voters vote.You mentioned the Democratic primary and the push back against the policy of the Biden administration, by Arab Americans specifically led by Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib. Now, it's at 16.2 percent. But you look at some of these counties coming in. And again, I pushed to Oakland County. It's at 14. If you go to again, Ann Arbor, look at this, 23.8. You're going to see some of these numbers and some of the Democratic experts on the ground think that the uncommitted vote could get up to about 100,000 votes.Now depends on how many total Democrats vote, but that could be a significant signal to the former president. I want to take you back just really quickly to the calendar and what we have ahead. Obviously, we're coming to the end of February. We're right here in the Michigan primary.But if you go over to March, the next big contest is obviously Tuesday, Super Tuesday, and you've got 15 contests, 11 of them are open primaries, Democrats and independents can vote in them, but a lot of delegates at stake.And then if you go back, you could have a scenario whereby these big states start to add up delegates where the former president could start clinching the nomination. And that's what we're looking at, how long it takes, whether Nikki Haley stays in or not after Super Tuesday. But tonight, in the Michigan primary, the former president is rolling, and it's just a matter of how big the margin is.HANNITY: Bret, I think you're in the right to call it the Bret Baier big board. Great analysis be --BAIER: Just tonight, just tonight.HANNITY: Just, but no -- we'll get you your own big board, you've been around long enough. I think you've earned it.All right. Bret Baier of "Special Report", thank you, sir.All right. Yesterday, Joe Biden embarked on a disastrous trip to New York City. He joined Seth Meyers on his late night show for an extremely unfunny appearance. This should have been a layup for Biden, sitting for a pre-tape show with a liberal host who struggle to -- who struggles to get close to a million viewers a night. In fact, as "The Hollywood Reporter" pointed out last month, he wasn't even averaging 800,000 viewers a night. How does he survive on TV?But during his appearance, Biden tried to ease concerns over his age before later forgetting what year it was. You can't actually make this up. You decide. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SETH MEYERS, TV HOST: You are currently 81 years old.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Who the hell told you that?MEYERS: Yeah.BIDEN: That's classified.MEYERS: That's classified. All jokes aside, according to recent polling, and this is a real concern for American voters, how do you address that concern going forward as you come up to the 2024 election?BIDEN: Well, a couple things, number one, you got to take a look at the other guy, he's about as old as I'm.It's about how old your ideas are. Look, I mean, this is a guy who wants to take us back. He wants to take us back in Roe v. Wade. He wants to take us back on a whole range of issues that were 50, 60 years, they've been solid American positions.MEYERS: What do you -- would you want to do? What's your 2024 agenda? Because I feel like we live in such crazy times that that is one of the things I feel we hear less about.BIDEN: Look the 2020 agenda is to finish the job.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: All right. After filming the show, Joe Biden joins Seth Meyers for ice cream. Remember his favorite flavor is -- take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Mr. President, what did you order?BIDEN: Chocolate chocolate chip.REPORTER: Mr. President, what is your message to Republicans who are prepared to block the January 6 Commission?BIDEN: Eat some chocolate chocolate chip.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Chocolate chocolate chip, wow.And by the way, he broke some pretty major news while eating his little ice cream cone. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REPORTER: Can you give us a sense of when you think the ceasefire will start, sir?BIDEN: Well, I hope by the beginning of the weekend -- I mean, the end of the weekend. At least -- my national security advisor tells me that we're close. We're close. It's not done yet. And my hope is by next Monday, we'll have a ceasefire.REPORTER: Okay, thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Really, Joe Biden, you're going to announce to the world that a ceasefire in Gaza may be around the corner. Now, according to the national security advisor, while eating an ice cream cone with a very unfunny late night host by the name of Seth Meyers, and while Joe tried and failed again to ease concerns over his age, more Democrats, they are now sounding the alarm, as former Obama aides are now expressing concerns over what they are saying is a frail and mumbly Biden.And add to that by the way, his age, a very real issue Obama aides are sounding kind of like me, more and more every day. Thanks for watching.Anyway, here with reaction, former senior Trump adviser Stephen Miller, FOX News contributor Ari Fleischer. Good to see you both.Ari, start with you. What do you make of the uncommitted number in Michigan? This would be a very important state for Donald Trump to win if he wants to win the general election. Real Clear Politics average now has him up by five. Thoughts?ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it's not unusual to have candidates get a certain percentage of the uncommitted vote, it's happened previously in Democratic primaries. What's different now is it's Joe Biden, and it's an expression, a meaningful real expression that much in the Democrat base is dissatisfied with him.And so I would not look at this historically and say it's happened before. I say it's another indication that Biden is wounded and he's wounded himself.And the question here though, Sean, and this is what Republicans have to be sober about is, is this a protest vote and will come home in October? And my advice to Republicans, I do think most of these people who are uncommitted now will come home in October. This is going to be a close election in November, and Republicans shouldn't assume because of all these frailties, which are legit real issues,, that's going to be a cakewalk. It will not be.HANNITY: Either -- either come home or maybe stay home. Stephen Miller?FLEISCHER: Yeah.STEPHEN MILLER, FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: Well, I do think there's a very real concern on the part of the Biden campaign and the Democrat Party that voters are so uninspired and so worried about Joe Biden, they will stay home and you add on top of that, of course, the problem with Arab voters in Michigan who are demanding that Joe Biden push a radical left ceasefire policy with the war in Gaza, which, of course, would be unacceptable to most American voters. And so, they're caught there between the radical base and mainstream public opinion.But I do want to agree with Ari when I say, look, this is the party that dragged John Fetterman over the finish line at a point in time when he couldn't even campaign, through aggressive, robust ballot harvesting efforts. The Republican Party needs to understand as they head into 2024, as Joe Biden calls it his 2020 campaign, they need to understand how mischievous, how determined, how relentless Democrats are going to be in filling up every single drop box all around the country with mail in ballots, and they must have a strategy to counter the Democrat's mail in ballot machine, which is truly a leviathan.HANNITY: Well, let me -- Stephen, let me follow up on that because I would argue 2022, the reason the big, quote, wave didn't happen, I would argue in large part it had to do with abortion. You mentioned Pennsylvania, you had a top of the ticket Democrat, Doug Mastriano, nice guy, but he didn't even have exceptions for rape, incest or the mother's life. He lost by, what, 15, 16 points. Dr. Oz was able to get, you know, double digit ticket switching, in other words, they voted for a Democrat for governor but the Republican Oz in this case for the Senate.Had Mastriano not had that position, I would argue that that race would have been a lot closer, and Oz would be in the U.S. Senate today. And I think this is a cautionary tale for every Republican. You see the reaction of the left in this country on the issue of the -- of IVF, in vitro fertilization, the Alabama court decision, and clearly, Republicans better message that. In New York district 3, almost every ad was about abortion, and that the ad was that Republicans are going to take away a woman's right to choose, the Republicans better message that better because that's not the case that is not what the Dobbs decision said.MILLER: Well, Sean, I'll just say that the answer is yes and both. Absolutely, it hurt the Republican Party in the midterms to be portrayed as the party that doesn't even support exceptions for cases of rape, incest and the life of the mother. It is also true that Democrats have mastered the art form of hammering that message to a specific demographic of female voters aggressively, relentlessly, with hundreds of millions of dollars in spend, and then sending workers, union workers to their house, sending teachers unions to their house, sending canvassers to their house to collect that mail in ballot.It's the combination of that hyper-focused messaging on specific issues, to specific subsets of voters with the ballot harvesting operation that made them so effective in 2022, and it's essential that Republicans understand the enormity of the machine they will be facing no matter how declined, senile, incompetent, embarrassing, humiliating and disgraceful Joe Biden is and remains each and every day.HANNITY: Well, I agree with you, and I've been -- we're singing from the same hymnal here. I've warning Republicans, you better overcome your reluctance and resistance towards early voting, voting by mail, and I was really hopeful when I heard Lara Trump who is looks like she's going to be at the RNC say they will inst -- they will institute what is the largest legal ballot harvesting efforts we've ever seen. That is critical for Republicans if they want to win.Ari, I want you to weigh on both the abortion, the IVF issue, and the issue of legal ballot harvesting.FLEISCHER: Well, number one, you've got to play offense. If you're running in this cycle, if you're running in any cycle, but you need to play offense and put the Democrat on the defensive about the border, about inflation, about support for Joe Biden. These are the biggest issues.Now, you also have to play smart defense and the smart defense on abortion is just to take it on directly and make your case to the voters. Most voters are right in the middle on abortion. They oppose the Democrat efforts to allow abortion right up to the day of birth. They also are opposed to a national ban on abortion, and Republicans in my opinion need to be somewhere right in that zone where the American people are and make that clear. And that is when you're pro-life and you're for the three exceptions as you talk about, Sean.But the mindset of every candidate is play offense and make every Democrat on the ballot own the Biden economy, the Biden border, the Biden inflation and all the messes that Joe Biden has brought us. You win by playing offense.HANNITY: Yeah, I totally agree. What I would push Gavin Newsom on the issue of any restrictions on abortion, no matter how many times I went back at it, he refused to answer I think that was the answer.All right. Stephen, Ari, thank you so much, both of you.Here now with more reaction to tonight's breaking news, former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.All right. Let's -- let's look first at the Republican primary. One has to ask, especially after Saturday night and tonight why is Nikki Haley hanging around in this race. I think at some point, there will be a lot of resentment among Republicans that she is literally forcing Donald Trump who will be the nominee into spending money he otherwise could be using in a general election campaign. Your reaction?NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, first of all, I don't think she's going to force President Trump to spend anything because he's going to beat her in every single primary in the country. That's just going to happen.Second, the longer she stays in, the more she will alienate Republicans. This theory that she's hanging around in case something happens to Trump so she can then be the choice, no MAGA Republican, no Trump delegate is ever going to pick Nikki Haley. They will pick any of a dozen or 50 Republicans who are acceptable, but they aren't going to pick her.And you saw that in Nevada, where she lost by two to one by none of these candidates. I mean, when none of these candidates beat you by two to one, there's a -- there's a hint that maybe you're in the wrong game this year. I hope she'll drop out. I hope she'll become part of the effort to beat Joe Biden, I do not think it's helpful to have her out there saying nasty things about the Republican nominee.And as far as I'm concerned, Donald Trump tonight is the Republican nominee. This is over and the issue is to focus on the general election, and why Trump would be a dramatically better president in 2025 than Joe Biden.HANNITY: I'd like you to weigh in on the issue of Republicans reluctance to voting early, voting by mail, and Republican efforts heretofore have not been very strong when it comes to the issue of legal ballot harvesting. I would argue they better ma -- at least match, hopefully surpass Democratic Party efforts especially in swing states well we just saw this happen again in the special election in New York where the Democrats won the early vote and then we had a snowstorm on election day. So that suppressed the normal Republican election day turnout.I'm very encouraged that Lara Trump is going to make a major part of her co-chairmanship building a case across the whole country for early voting and for getting those ballots in. I think it's very, very important and one of the places where frankly Republicans have been at least three election cycles behind where the Democrats are. If Lara can do her job and can get people around, she's very attractive, very intelligent and I think very articulate.She goes across the country and convinces people, this is how you do it, we're going to be much stronger this fall.HANNITY: And that very district you're talking about, my old district when I once lived in New York, the ads that were running, almost 80 percent of them dealt with the issue of abortion. Now, we have the Alabama decision on top of that. Certainly, I see the Democratic campaign is demagoguing Trump is evil, Trump is evil, democracy in peril, January 6th, demagoguing abortion, certainly now demagoguing IVF, and saying that Republicans are racist and sexist and want dirty air and water and want to kill grandma and grandpa.Now, that's the narrative that they always come up with. How do Republicans counter that?GINGRICH: Well, first of all, President Trump reacted exactly right, came out in favor of in vitro fertilization, as did Speaker Johnson and I think we can clear that issue out pretty quickly, almost all Republicans are going to be in favor of in vitro fertilization.Second, if you look at the young lady who was killed in Georgia, at the University of Georgia by a Venezuelan illegal immigrant, you can make a pretty good argument that the party that does not protect women, the party that is not defend the innocent is the Democratic Party, and that in fact what they're doing with illegal immigration is a far greater danger to the average woman than anything Republicans are charged with.HANNITY: Yeah, and by the way, reminder, I'll be with Donald Trump on the border on Thursday. I'm sure it's a mere coincidence, Mr. Speaker, that Joe Biden after years of saying the borders closed and secure and now blames Republicans and saying I've done everything possible they won't help me, it's interesting he'll be there the same day.He's welcome to join me and Donald Trump and Ted Cruz and Greg Abbott. We'd love to have him, but we'll see if that -- I wouldn't hold my breath. Speaker Gingrich, great to see you.Anyway, coming up, Americans now are turning on Biden over his border crisis. Who can blame them? We'll break down the horrific numbers for the administration. We'll get reaction. Senator Marco Rubio, the great state of Florida, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And tonight, a horrific new poll for the Biden administration as the border crisis is raging out of control. A brand new Gallup survey shows immigration now the top concern for the American people, beating issue number two, the government itself by eight points.You have a separate Monmouth University poll also showing a majority of respondents, 53 percent now favor building a wall on our southern border. This is the first time that a majority of you the American people support that policy. It is no surprise Americans are fed up and we are now seeing what are deadly consequences of Biden's border crisis like never before.The illegal immigrant who was charged with killing the Georgia nursing student Laken Riley is now accused of, quote, listen to this, disfiguring her skull. This never should have happened. We had one -- not one but two opportunities to deport this illegal immigrant from Venezuela. Will anyone ever ask Joe Biden what he has to say to the family of this young woman?This is all directly connected to Joe Biden's disastrous policies that he lied about and denied for three long years and not vetting nearly 10 million illegal immigrants he's allowed into this country.And, of course, also, you can put part of the blame on New York's sanctuary city policies because they arrested this guy and, of course, let him go. If you beat up cops in Times Square, no worries, no bail, they'll let you go, too. Then you can flip the double bird to the people in New York on your way out to the sanctuary state of California and get you free health care, education, food housing and everything else you need.Only now amidst all of this chaos, all of a sudden, the Joe Biden that said there the border is secure, the border is closed, now all of a sudden, he's blaming Republicans saying, I've done all that I can and then won't help me. And now, he's planning to visit the border on Thursday, by going to Brownsville in Texas, a reliably blue city deep in south Texas where by the way a whopping only 12 people apprehended trying to cross yesterday, and Joe is going to the border the same day that President Trump is going.But just like in East Palestine, Ohio, where he was a year late and a dollar short, Joe is what three years and nearly 10 million unvetted Joe Biden illegal immigrants allowed into our country, coming from countries like Iran and Syria, Egypt and Afghanistan and, yep, China and Russia. It is nothing in the case of Biden on Thursday, a cynical, sick, political stunt by the president and frankly, it is beyond disgraceful.Now, we will be at the border with President Trump on Thursday. His policies actually worked.Here with reaction, Florida Senator Marco Rubio.Senator, all my apologies for moving to your state. You're now officially my senator, but I will take you over Chuck Schumer any day of the week and the people have been nothing but warm, gracious and welcoming to me. It's great to finally make the choice to move down here and I'm glad to be here. I love the state of Florida.Let's get your reaction of Biden finally showing up at the border.SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL): Well, 6.2 million people later, that's what's happened in the last three years since he's taken over. There's 6.2 million people in this country illegally that he released. And so, you take 6.2 million people from anywhere on the planet or anywhere and you put them and some percentage of them are going to be criminals we're seeing that now.In particular, we're seeing members of a vicious gang that left Venezuela and they were terrorizing people in Peru. They were terrorizing people in Colombia. They were terrorizing people in Ecuador, and now they've started to make their way into the United States.And just the last week, just today, it was announced that a migrant here illegally released by Biden has been -- has sex charges filed against them and the victim is 14 years old. You've highlighted this horrible murder in Georgia. You've seen the crime on the streets of New York and in Chicago, and it's only going to get worse.These people aren't committing crimes because they're migrants. They're committing crimes because they're criminals, and when and they're just allowing them to release them right into the country and then sometimes, they're interacting with law enforcement. Like in the case of the murderer in Georgia, he was actually arrested in New York and they released him. They let him go. There was a bench worn out for him at the time of this murder.So the president has to answer for all of this. And the fix -- the way he fixes this is by reinstalling the Trump policies that enforce the law, but he won't do it because it would require him to admit that Trump was right. And so, we're going to continue with this mess and God forbid Joe Biden is reelected, four more years of this, we're going to have 10, 15 million people released into this country.This is not immigration. We got to stop calling it immigration. It's not immigration. This is a mass migration. This is an invasion of the country. No other country in the world would tolerate it, and we are paying the price for it right now, in real time, with real American victims.HANNITY: And we saw this -- again, we saw this with this young nursing student in Georgia. I can only imagine how this girl's family feels. You don't ever recover from something like that but there's an even greater danger. I mean, you -- we've been chronicling all of the people coming from countries like Iran, number one state sponsor of terror, their satellite, Syria, Egypt, the home of the Muslim Brotherhood, Afghanistan, home of al Qaeda, our number one, number two geopolitical foe, China, Russia, we have tens and tens of thousands.You don't have to be a rocket scientist, Senator, to figure out that not all of them are coming from these hostile regimes because they want a better life for themselves and their family. You have to assume that among the nearly 10 million when you add in all the gotaways, et cetera, you've got to assume that many of them are not being vetted are part of -- have radical associations and they are in this country. And I would argue terrorist cells are being formed and have been formed and they're plotting and planning and scheming what could be a 9/11 or worse.I'd like to think that I'm wrong, but I know in my heart I am not wrong, and we're going to wake up one morning and we're going to realize that this president's policies have resulted in the deaths of thousands of Americans. How do we stop that? How do we find these people, vet them and deport them?RUBIO: The problem is you can't vet them, because it's not these people are coming in some cases, they're coming with fake documents. In other cases, these documents are produced in countries that will sell you a fake document without your real identity. That's the fundamental problem when you allow people to come in like this.You're absolutely right. Look, I don't I don't need to disclose anything to tell you, common sense tells you this -- ISIS, al-Qaeda, Hezbollah, all have desires to -- I mean, we know that the Iranians are trying to assassinate former leaders in the Trump administration in this country right now, every one of them is aware that the largest migratory smuggling operation in the history of the world is operating right on the border of the United States. It's allowed 6 million people in.These people are aware of that and they are aware that if they send somebody here with a fake document or with a document with a wrong name on it because they bought some passport somewhere in the western hemisphere, they're going to be able to get into the country and stay.And that -- and the -- you're absolutely right. Something terrible is going to happen. It's just a matter of time now. I hope that I'm wrong. I really truly do for the sake of our country, but you can't let in six what be in by the end of this year probably 10 million people or 9 million people into the country and not expect that among them, there aren't going to be lots of criminals and lots of terrorists unfortunately. And that's what we're facing and that's why you can't have mass migration.HANNITY: And the worst part of all of it was three years, Joe, the vice president, Alejandro Mayorkas, Karine Jean-Pierre, Jen Psaki, oh, the border is secure, the border is closed, they flat out were lying to the American people and we were showing the images, proving that they're lying and they kept up that charade, only now that it's a political issue in a -- in an election year, oh, Joe will make the trip down to the border. It is meaningless because that these are not the policies he really supports.If he wanted a secure border, he could have brought back the policies that he got rid of in the first days when he was in office with the stroke of a pen. He doesn't need the help of Congress. He can reinstitute the policies that Trump had that were working. He won't do it, will he?RUBIO: He won't because he has a radical base on his party that believes in open borders, and that believes it's inhumane to return anybody back. He has turned the exceptions of all laws into the rule, and the result is 6.2 million people and climbing every single day, and we're heading in a bad direction, something bad is going to happen. It really is and it's unfortunate and it'll be Joe Biden's fault.HANNITY: And let me tell you, they have blood on their hands. Let's just be -- let's say it, let's call it for what it is. They have blood on their hands. This is beyond a dereliction of duty. They've been aiding and abetting and the lawbreaking and facilitating the law breaking the entire time. It's unconscionable.Anyway, Senator, good to see you. Thank you for being with us.Now, when we come back, wow, fireworks in Georgia. Nathan Wade's divorce lawyer was forced to spill the beans on what he knew about the relationship with Fani Willis. Well, we'll tell you what he said.Also, Hunter Biden set to be deposed tomorrow on Capitol Hill. We'll get reaction with Jonathan Turley straight ahead. He'll break it all down as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Tomorrow is the day many have been waiting for. Hunter Biden will appear before the House impeachment inquiry investigators for a closed door deposition. This comes months after he defied that congressional subpoena and said he'd only testify in a public setting.However, after intense negotiations and, of course, the threat of charges of contempt being brought against him, well, Hunter has finally agreed to show up and answer some questions, or maybe not. I guess there's always a chance he could plead the Fifth to everything, and I have no idea why the committee agreed to not videotape the deposition, which is their normal practice.And meanwhile, it was a contentious day in a Fulton County, Georgia, courtroom, where Terrence Bradley, the former divorce attorney and the law partner of Nathan Wade, took the stand again, facing questions about what he knows about the timeline of Fani Willis and Nathan Wade's relationship. Bradley wasn't willing to share that much.And as that Trump case appears in danger of falling apart, well, up in the -- up in New York state, the Trump-hating attorney general, Letitia James, seems to be taunting President Trump by repeatedly posting how much he owes in the civil fraud judgment.Here with reaction to all this, FOX News contributor Jonathan Turley.You know, Steve Bannon, as far as I know, he did not get a second chance to ask for a new subpoena. Nor did Peter Navarro, and why did -- why did they accommodate that and why did they accommodate the request not to videotape the deposition? I don't think there was any need to offer any concessions to Hunter Biden. Your thoughts?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, they have been accommodating to a degree that some people have questioned. Why he was in flagrant violation and contempt of Congress, and they could have proceeded along those lines. I think part of the reason that they were accommodating is that this is a target rich environment.There's virtually no answer that Hunter can give to some of these questions I think that would extricate him from the situation. I mean, he's going to have this disjointed position where he's going to insist that he wasn't just selling his father's name, that he was this globe trotting business genius. And at the same time when he gets into trouble, he's likely to go back to that argument that -- well, during that period, I was effectively a blacked out, you know, junkie. I was -- I was -- I was addicted to drugs and I can't remember much of it.Those two narratives collide because in one week, he has to cite his addiction, the next week, he has to claim that he was a draw for millions. But there's also some issues that I don't even have an idea how he's going to get out of it. For example, sending a message to a businessman in China saying my dad sitting right next to me send me money effectively or he's not going to like it.I expect he's going to deny that his father was there, maybe even deny even remembering that message and blame it on his addiction. But then he's got a lot other things he has to be able to address. So I think that the House committees just took the view that if he's not going to take the Fifth, this is going to be a long and hard road to hoe for this witness.HANNITY: And you rightly pointed out in a really thoughtful article I thought that one liar does not negate the fact that that Joe Biden lied repeatedly about never speaking to his son brother or anybody about their foreign business deals .Devon Archer blew that out of the water with his testimony before the committees. It doesn't negate the massive amount, the tens of millions of dollars that the Biden family took in from these companies. It doesn't negate what you referred to, the WhatsApp message and days after that message, millions of dollars made its way into one of these, quote, LLC or as James Comer calls them, shell corporations, that the Bidens have.It doesn't negate the fact that 10 Biden family members have been identified as being paid with millions of dollars. It doesn't negate the fact that services -- no services appear to be rendered in anyone of these cases. What did they do for this money? What did the grandchildren do for this money? How did Joe -- how did Hunter addicted to drugs with no experience in energy make money from the Ukrainian energy giant Burisma, and the Chinese energy conglomerate CEFC?You know, the one lying FBI informant that they swore was trustworthy -- well, that doesn't negate any of that.TURLEY: Right, and the point that you began with is going to be something I expect will come up early. Hunter Biden himself contradicted his father's denial of having no knowledge of his business dealings, and I expect they're going to press him on that point. There's that famous call after his -- after a dinner where he was prompted, according to a close associate to make a call to Washington, who was on that call? Why was it made?Those are questions that he can expect and we have no idea what his answers may be. But I think that there's no way that he can support his father's claim which I think is now thoroughly debunked that he had no knowledge of these dealings.What is clear here is that this was influence peddling raw and massive and it's also clear that his father knew this was happening it was in the newspapers his father had to have been told about this prepped for it. So his denial is in shatters at -- this -- it just in pieces right now and his son's going to be pressed on that point.HANNITY: Yeah. Let me ask you quickly. We don't have a lot of time. Your reaction to the hearings on Fani Willis today?TURLEY: Wow. I mean, it was a painful testimony to watch. It came off as sort of a Sergeant Schultz defense that I know nothing-nothing, including stuff that I knew with clarity just recently and it did not go over well.HANNITY: Is that case over in your view?TURLEY: Well, I can't imagine why these two prosecutors have not removed themselves because I think this judge is in a tough position to keep both of them. There's a chance that they both could be disqualified. They have not helped themselves and they certainly have not helped the people of that state.HANNITY: All right. Jonathan Turley, as always, thank you.Straight ahead tonight, Trump easily defeated Nikki Haley in tonight's GOP primary in the state of Michigan. We'll explain what tonight's election results mean come November. We'll check in with Senator Tim Scott, next, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Tonight, former President Donald J. Trump easily beat Nikki Haley. He's up by more than 35 points in the Michigan GOP primary and on the left side of the aisle, the latest count says nearly 15 percent voted for uncommitted in the -- in the Democratic primary. Will they go back to Biden come November or will they stay home?According to the Real Clear Politics polling average, Trump is ahead of Biden by five points in the battleground state of Michigan.Here with reaction, South Carolina senator, our friend Tim Scott is back.Senator, great to have you back. Enjoyed my time in South Carolina.SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Thanks, Sean.HANNITY: I love the people in your state, salt of the Earth. And I mean, if Nikki Haley loses Iowa, comes in third, New Hampshire by double digits, Nevada two to one she loses to none of the above --SCOTT: Nobody.HANNITY: -- and then loses her home state by 21 points, and Michigan tonight by maybe -- by the end of the night, 35 or 40, why is she staying in?SCOTT: Yes. There's no reason for her to stay in, Sean. The bottom line is this, this is a classic good old-fashioned butt whipping. You can't explain this away. You can't talk it away. You can't talk about staying in the race.This is now a race between Joe Biden and our friend Donald Trump. This is a race between America's future and America's past. This has become a race around the party of unity under Donald Trump, and the party of division led by Joe Biden.It's kind of simple. Think about this, instead of talking about Nikki Haley, every day she's in the race, someone, somewhere on some channel is distracting the message from the America's best future, from America's best future.Here's the simple truth, Joe Biden, his party is a party of division. Think about this, they have racial preferences, they have religious preferences, they have gender preferences.What do we have in the GOP under Donald Trump? Well, we have a guy who is committed to making sure that whether you're Black or White, whether you're Hispanic or Asian, that our economy works for you. He's done it before, he'll do it again.Think about the fact that the strongest most powerful force for good is an optimistic spirit with a strong backbone, Donald Trump is our candidate, he will kick butt, take names and we will win in November, but we need to start talking about Joe Biden, not Nikki Haley, the race is over and it is time for us to secure our border.I got to stop here. The number of Americans who've lost their lives because of this open border breaks my heart. It can be stopped, Sean. We need a president who believes in America enough to close that freaking border. It has to stop.I'm tired of reading stories about 2 year olds in the D.C. area being murdered because illegal immigrants come in our country because Joe Biden is more concerned with finding future voters than protecting Americans today.HANNITY: And now, and now, him showing up after years of lying and saying the border secure and closed, you're going to show up Thursday. I'll be down at the border with President Trump on Thursday and it is -- you know, beyond frankly, it is frankly repulsive politics. You know, it's an election year conversion if ever there was one.Your name keeps getting me mentioned. Donald Trump says that you campaign harder for him than you did for yourself and I think I know the reason why because I've known you for all these years. I was well aware you were getting engaged years before anybody else, and we've been friends for a long time.And what's fascinating is --SCOTT: Long time.HANNITY: -- is that I think there's some truth because I know how humble you are as a person. So my question is, if Donald Trump says, Tim Scott, I want you to run with me your answer?SCOTT: Well, listen, I will do whatever it takes to make sure that Joe Biden has no more years and Donald Trump has four more years. I've said it several times before but, Sean, South Carolina loves you, by the way, you should do your show from South Carolina in my opinion.Here's the truth, whatever it takes, we should get the job done. It doesn't matter whether I'm the VP or not. What I do care about however is making sure that the best is yet to come, and that takes four more years of Donald Trump.HANNITY: Oh, certainly, the country is -- the economy, on borders, on energy, war in Europe, war in the Middle East -- these are scary times.Senator, thank you. When we come back, we'll tell you about more my exclusive interview with Donald Trump. This Thursday, we will be at the border except he actually means it. Joe, that's just a show, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Before we go, reminder, to tune in this Thursday. We will be at Shelby Park in Eagle Pass, Texas, to interview former President Donald Trump at the border. Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz will also join us. That's this Thursday, 9:00 p.m. Eastern, right here on FOX News.Unfortunately, though, that is all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity". And as always thank you for watching and making the show possible.Let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld is next to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.