BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 6 PM in the East, 3PM in the West Coast. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced, and still unafraid. It's a busy week in politics and policy. The Ingraham Angle is now.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle back in Washington tonight. Trump thumps Biden bumps. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Now, just for fun, I went back to read what some of the experts were saying in the weeks and months after the 2020 election. A politico headline blared, the day that Trump broke the GOP while it predicted a reckoning over Trumpism. And then, Trump is finally finished, The New York Times declared triumphantly. But OK, surely all those experienced beltway pundits got it right, though.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)AL SHARPTON, CIVIL RIGHTS ACTIVIST: The demise of Trump and there will be a demise. You got it from me here.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The trial alone, even without a conviction will be enough to end Donald Trump's political career.MICHAEL SCHERER, NATIONAL POLITICAL REPORTER, THE WASHINGTON POST: The moment he's very serious and with President Trump, you always have to sort of put an asterix on statements like that, because he does change his mind.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Right.SCHERER: It doesn't mean, he'll still be here as serious in two years.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And last night after Trump won every Super Tuesday contest, except in the socialist loving open primary state of Vermont. They still couldn't get their minds wrapped around at all.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It doesn't matter, right? Like this is Trump's party. It's a cult.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's almost like a cult like following that we're seeing, and it should trouble us for the sake of our democracy.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Sake of our democracy, but what most of these people have never understood is that this really isn't about Trump. And he himself often says, he's just a vessel for the hardworking Americans who feel forgotten, and even tormented by the corrupt DC uniparty.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP (R), FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT AND 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Every time the radical Left Democrats, Marxists, communists, and fascists indict me, I consider it a great, great badge of honor, because I'm being indicted for you, the American people. They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, they're not after me, they're after you. And I'm just standing in their way.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: It's not about a man. It's a movement. And the claim is that MAGA is just a cult of personality are now and always have been fatuous. It totally misses the mark, Trump's getting stronger now, because his positions are getting more popular. Now back in 2016, many were skeptical about building a border wall or decoupling from China, or we're doubting that we should stop fighting and funding so many unnecessary wars.But now, after three years of Biden and remembering how things were under Trump, well, those views of his just seem more common sense to more people. One would think that the idea of putting America first, you think that would be fairly noncontroversial. You know, put your own oxygen mask on before you try to save others.But no, most in the swamp just think that's selfish to put America first. But the truth is, Trump's been right on the issues over and over again and it's paying off politically. Also, his prediction about what would happen to America under Biden, it was spot on.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: If Biden wins, your borders a gone, which means your health care is gone. The middle class is gone. Your safety is gone. Your country is gone. That's what's going to happen.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Only in Washington would they consider a president's economic record a success when from January 2021 to December 2023, real wages declined 2 percent. Unbelievable. Now as much as Team Biden tries to spin this, he can't spin it. His record is horrendous.The CBS YouGov poll that just came out tells the tale, 65 percent said the Trump economy was good. Only 39 percent say the same about Biden's economy. Biden's bumps along, well, he bumps along because the plutocrats are opening their wallets big time to fund his campaign.The last thing they want is Trump who will get tougher on China and shut down their supply of cheap migrant labor flooding across the border. Rich people don't like that, which brings me to what's next for Biden's puppeteers, because as big as Trump's wins were last night and as bad as Biden's record is, Biden's people do have a plan to win.First, they're going to use their money advantage to drown Trump in ads and voter outreach, returning in mail in ballots and ballot harvesting were legal.Second, they're going to hope for a conviction in one of those ridiculous criminal cases, thinking that that's going to turn off enough voters to hurt Trump.Third, they're going to play endless loops of January 6th so-called freedom agenda and argue that Trump will be the agent of anti-democratic chaos.And fourth, they're going to play the race card as usual, including arguing that requiring voter ID is somehow racist.Fifth, you can expect even more mail in ballots than the last election, part of the overall campaign.And sixth, they're going to have Biden and his surrogates try to get under Trump's skin with various insults, and maybe draw a nasty foul that they hope turns off suburban moms.Seventh, finally, there's always the unknown, the deep state. They know Trump is determined to bring change to how the intelligence community operates and they do not want that to happen.Now, a lot of you're asking about Nikki Haley today. Well, she made herself irrelevant, in my view. She dropped out about a month too late, and now she's getting closer and closer to Liz Cheney land. She's being praised all day long on CNN and MSNBC by Democrat strategist. She might have had a little bit leverage shortly after Iowa, but most of our voters we know were Never Trumpers, or Democrats or Leftists who will never ever vote for Trump.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Is it -- is it likely that Haley supporters out there could eventually wind-up voting for Biden?ALICE STEWART, CNN POLITICAL COMMENTATOR: Absolutely. And look, she has appealed to more moderate Republicans, and certainly the independent voters. She was appealing to the independent voters and Democrats who might vote for Joe Biden. She appealed to them. So, the fact that those are the voters that may have come out for her that could potentially go to Biden,(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: OK, that's absolutely false. OK. This is the spin that the media is putting out there. She has no power over her supporters. She has no leverage to use those voters to try to pressure Trump in one direction or another on any issue. But that's a spin you heard all-day long.Now, even McConnell and Thune, the ultimate GOP establishment figures in the Senate, they had to wake up to reality and endorse Trump. So, where does that leave Nikki Haley in no man's land or no woman's land? And all you need to know is that Haley's only victories again were in the socialist loving Vermont, and in the swamp. So, this is going to be fascinating.Trump; is he the ultimate comeback kid versus Biden, the octogenarian. It's all up for grabs. The future of America. Trump versus Biden. And by now, we all know what that means. Trump has nailed it on every major issue now before us, from the economy to immigration to military intervention. And reelecting Biden will mean no more borders, more debt, lower wages, and more racial division, of course, more radicals telling us just to hate America, and more prosecutions of Christians and other social conservatives.And of course, yes, you can bet more wars. For too long, we've been governed by people who don't really care what we think and don't have our best interests at heart. We can and should change this in November. And that's the Angle.Joining us now is Ned Ryun, Founder and CEO of American Majority and Sean Davis, Founder and CEO of The Federalist. Ned, let's start with you. I loved hearing this all-day long and some last night that Nikki Haley has this, this big, big group of supporters to offer Donald Trump and they were catering to Nikki all-day long on CNN. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm told going forward she does plan to play a role trying to shape this party. She does believe that this sort of isolationist view that has really emerged in the Republican Party is not good for the country.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was interesting when Nikki Haley said, it's now up to Trump to earn the votes and I hope he does that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yes.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That was significant.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Ned, the guy who pretty much had a historic series of returns is now the one who has to cater to Nikki Haley? What?NED RYUN, FOUNDER AND CEO, AMERICAN MAJORITY: That's absurd and we all know it, Laura, any serious person knows that's not a serious comment to say that Nikki Haley can bring voters to the table, because we know that most of them are Democrats with our open primaries, the Democrats could crossover. They were crossing over to vote for Nikki. Those voters are never coming to vote for Donald Trump.And I think what we saw last night is a definitive rebuke of the old Republican establishment. The old Bush neocon days in Republican Party are over. Trump's triumph shows that America First is ascendant. And the folks like Nikki Haley, and those who support her are going to have to accept that that this is Donald Trump's GOP moving forward.And one of the other questions that's going to be the central parts of this campaign going into the general election is, are you better off now than you were four years ago? And the answer is definitively no. You're not better on your economy. You're not better on immigration. You're not better on trade. Everything has collapsed under Biden. And I think the real question for me moving forward is, Donald Trump and the Republican Party, are they going to be able to wed those winning policies --INGRAHAM: Yes, let's go.RYUN: -- with winning politics to be able to win in November.INGRAHAM: Yes. Yes. CNN today they were bothered by McConnell's endorsement of Trump. Sean, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You could almost see the imagery of him putting this to paper through gritted teeth.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is not just McConnell falling in line. This is the Republican Party establishment.SEN. JOHN THUNE (R-SD): I think we got -- going to have a united ticket going into the fall.SEN. JOHN CORNYN (R-TX): I think President Trump is cleaning Joe Biden's clock.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There is a lot of drama there. Many, many subplots.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: A lot of drama there. Many, many twists and turns, Sean, these people -- the banner -- all the experts get it wrong, right? These people predicted that Donald Trump could never unite the Republican Party again, after January 6th, his obituary was written as political obituary, all of them are wrong. They always fail upward and they're still on TV saying nonsense.SEAN DAVIS, FOUNDER AND CEO, THE FEDERALIST: Yes, it's because they don't actually care about being right. They just want to program people into believing what they want them to believe. And the fact of the matter is, if you spend any time talking to actual voters outside the swamp, if you talk to them about what they're concerned about and what they want out of their leaders, it was obvious that Trump was always going to win this primary running away, absolutely obvious. And it's why he's the odds on favorite to actually win the general election right now.Because somehow, DC is so out of touch. It took a reality star and real estate tycoon from Queens to actually demonstrate he was the one who cared about what the American people cared about, which is an end to the chaos and end to the crime, secure borders, strong economy and no more wars. And that's what he's delivered on.INGRAHAM: Well, last night, MSNBC was really annoyed, one of their anchors in particular, because MSNBC decided to actually cover a breaking news event. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RACHEL MADDOW, MSNBC HOST: It's a balance between knowing that that's irresponsible to broadcast, and also knowing that as the de facto, soon to be de facto nominee of the Republican Party, this is not only the man who is likely to be the Republican candidate for president, but this is the way he's running.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Ned, they want him silenced as the GOP presumptive nominee. Period.RYUN: Right. No, no, I mean, if they had their way, of course, there would be a media blackout. Donald Trump would not have any coverage moving into the summer and through the fall. But it's going to be a little hard to ignore Donald Trump. And again, Laura, it's because his message resonates despite what some of these people are saying. It not only resonates obviously with the Republican Party and the base, as we saw definitively last night in which a lot of these primaries were decided by 40, 50 points. But is with independents.The fact of the matter is, despite what they say, he's leading Joe Biden with independents by 15 points in some of these polls. His message actually appeals to the independents, who are realizing --INGRAHAM: Right.RYUN: -- again, our lives are not better under Biden, they were better under Trump. Life was better under Trump. And I think a lot of people, including independents, have really firmly come to that conclusion.INGRAHAM: Well, Sean, Sean, that's an example of media censorship of one candidate, one party, because as Ned said, they're actually afraid African Americans, Latinos, who might catch clips, if they're not -- if they're not watching television, everyone might catch a clip on YouTube or on X or on Instagram. They don't want those clips out there. The only question is whether the tech world is going to join in and try to put their finger on the scale as well.DAVIS: Right, and it shows that they actually know deep down how much trouble they're in and how unpopular the President is right now and how bad things are. Because they know that if people hear the alternative message from someone like Trump, they're toast. And so, their only real solution right now, they can't prop up Biden, they can't fix the economy. They've decided they're not going to secure the border. All they can hope to do is shut up Trump or thrown him in prison. And they've said as much that's their campaign -- that's their campaign plan.INGRAHAM: Yes, January 6th --RYUN: Yes.INGRAHAM: -- shut Trump up and put him in prison. That's basically the whole campaign. No change in policy.RYUN: Yes.INGRAHAM: Ned, Sean, great to see both of you. All right, even more unhinged reaction from the press over Trump's big wins and it's so hilarious. We want to share it with all of you. Mike Huckabee, Sean Duffy dissect it all, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: All right. TDS is a real affliction, and the media is taking their Trump derangement syndrome to new heights or lows. After last night's big Trump wins, this morning on MSNBC, they likened voting against Trump dwell to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why did they do it? They did it because we were Americans, and we were there to save Europe from Hitler. And now all of these years later, we have to get together as a country and save the country from the threat that Donald Trump proposes.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And just before the polls closed, some overeducated Yale professor explains just how dangerous Donald J. Trump really is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TIMOTHY SNYDER, HISTORY PROFESSOR, YALE UNIVERSITY: Do you think this is going to be your strong man? But he's not going to be your strong man. He's going to be his own strong man. Once you choose the strong man, there's no way back. It's done. Once you burn this bridge, you get this guy or whoever follows him forever. And since you've voted not to vote anymore by voting for a strong man. You have to be aware of that he has no reason anymore to pay attention to you.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: This is almost as good as election night 2016. Joining me now, Mike Huckabee, former governor of Arkansas and Republican presidential candidate, and also Sean Duffy, Fox News Contributor, co-host of FBN's The Bottom Line. All right, Governor Huckabee, I really did enjoy last night, because Trump is either to them, Trump's either Hitler, Pol Pot, Stalin, he's anti-democracy, but they're worried about people voting in November. Your take on just how crazy it's all gone.MIKE HUCKABEE (R), FORMER GOVERNOR OF ARKANSAS: These guys are like cartoons. I mean, they really are. They're caricatures of reality. And here's what's amazing. They talk about Hitler and totalitarianism. Donald Trump in his presidency never used the Department of Justice, the FBI, the CIA, the IRS to go after his political enemies. Joe Biden has. Obama did, remember, Lois Lerner, the IRS, remember, the tapped phones of James Rosen and his parents in the Associated Press under Obama.Look, these are people that just hate us. And when I say us, I'm talking about half of America, who kind of likes freedom, who enjoys being able to go to church and maybe go hunting and own firearms, and eat wild game because it's good and healthy, and who just love America and believe in borders that are controlled, welcome legal immigrants, but hate the idea that somebody would use government to step on our necks and keep us from breathing and tell us that we were safe if we went to a casino, but we were going to die if we went to church, and a lot of us have had it up to here and we're saying, that's it.We want Donald Trump because he will actually defend America as we love it, know it. And as it's depicted in the Constitution, what a novel idea.INGRAHAM: John (sic), Joy Reid was added again, she got into the minds of the millions of voters who actually turned out for Trump. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOY REID, MSNBC HOST: Republican voters don't vote that way. They don't vote based on economics. They're voting on race. They're voting on this idea of an invasion of brown people over the border. The idea that they can't get whatever job they want, a black person got it, therefore drive all the blacks out of the colleges, get rid of DEI. That is what they're voting on. They're just voting specifically on racial animus at this stage.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, she also said that Biden's policies are benefiting Republican voters. OK, Sean, I must have missed that and all those economic polls, or the border polls.SEAN DUFFY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. As tonight newsflash to Joy Reid, you have a huge significant increase in black voters who are voting for Donald Trump. By the way, Joy Reid, who's talking about Republicans, I don't think she's ever met a real Republican, a Republican in flyover country, a hunting Republican, a pro-life Republican.She's never met them, so to comment on why they vote, she is completely off base. But what you're playing, Laura, is this screeching media, they're used to be in charge, they're used to picking our presents, they're used to decide in who we can and cannot vote for. And in 2016, they realized that the American people for the first time made the decision for themselves, and they're going to do it again and that they can't stop it, there beside themselves to add on to Governor Huckabee's point, the fact that they would actually try to kick Donald Trump off the ballot.Republicans never did that, that they try to impeach, they would try to do a coup from the intelligence community to shut down a president. Republicans would never do that or silent -- listen, we want Democrats to speak. We think they're crazy. We want all Americans to hear the nutty things they say. But they try to silence us on social media.So, when they talk about this radicalism or strong man or strong man, it's unbelievable, because Republicans are the exact opposite. We believe in democracy. We believe in the freedom of speech. We believe in individual rights. We believe that if you want to take a vaccine that doesn't work, that's not going to save your life, good for you. But if you don't want to take it, you shouldn't have to. That's called freedom.INGRAHAM: Governor, you know what's fascinating to me is that, despite all of the polls on the subjects that matter, the issues that concern voters from the economy, the immigration, to even Ukraine. There is not an inch of movement in that Senate border bill, it was a complete joke. We knew that from the beginning, it was still a -- let in almost 2 million people, that didn't even count, that was just a complete media ploy, political play.So, they won't move an inch toward where the people are. So, they spin it, or they say we're going to not show them on TV or we're going to put them in jail. Or they're going to miss report what the people really think, call them all racists, so it's a -- they call Trump a fanatic. They're the most fanatical globalists out there and they will not budge one inch toward the people, and they wonder why people are mad.HUCKABEE: Well, I think they honestly believe they're just better than the rest of us. I mean, that's really what it comes down to, Laura. They're better than us. They're smarter than us. They're like the old character in Saturday Night Live that was played where he said, Bye, Golly, I'm good looking, I'm smart, and I'm a good person.You know, I think that that's what they look in the mirror and say to themselves every day. The fact is, we need to quit apologizing for who we are, boldly stand for what we stand for, because I think a lot more Americans stand for it than maybe they know. But they do control the media, they control social media. And so, we're going to have to get our message out to the people every way possible.But one thing is clear after last night, Donald Trump has revived this Republican Party as a working-class party.INGRAHAM: You bet.HUCKABEE: That is fair to blacks, to browns, to every single American. I liked this kind of Republican Party better than the stodgy old smoky room, corner office, elite snobs who look down their noses while nibbling cheese and sipping wine and talking about how horrible Middle America was.INGRAHAM: Well, speaking of that, I think there is a moment last night that you know is going to end up in a Donald Trump campaign commercial about what West Virginians, the people who vote for Trump, what they care about. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I live in Virginia. Immigration was the number one issue. I mean, again, these could change in Virginia.MADDOW: Well, Virginia does have a border with West Virginia.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Yes, so, so, Virginia voters are laughing at them for caring about immigration. Anyone who lives in Northern Virginia knows that it is an epicenter of illegal alien activity in Northern Virginia, we have MS-13, we've got increased crime. It's a bad situation, but they laugh at it. They just say, oh, it doesn't really matter.DUFFY: They laugh at it, Laura, because illegal immigration, those illegals, those crimes aren't coming into their gated communities, aren't coming into their neighborhoods. So, they don't see it as a problem where the rest of us have to live with illegal immigration, and the feces on the street and the homeless encampments, or the government encampments and the crime. And so again, when you don't see it yourself, you don't see that others would think as a top priority.But you know what, when you pull anyone, Republicans, Democrats, independents, it's a top issue for all voters. And by the way, I think you're not going to change Joe Biden's age. He's not going to get any younger. But if he actually changed course, if he was actually going to secure the border, he's going to stop spending and work on bringing down inflation. Actually, I think he has a great shot at winning this election.But because he's not going to change course. There's no way he's going to beat Donald Trump. Donald Trump is going to mop the floor with him, because Donald Trump -- Joe Biden is committed to these radical loony ideas that are hurting Americans.INGRAHAM: Yes. Unbelievable. Both of you, awesome to see you tonight. Thanks so much. Well, there is a sign of life in progressive America. This could be more bad news for Biden, in San Francisco. Yes, we're going to explain it next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)KEVIN CORKE, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: This is a Fox News update. I'm Kevin Corke in Washington. The lawyer behind the efforts to disqualify Fulton County D.A. Fani Willis testifies before Georgia lawmakers. Ashley Merchant, who represents one of the former president's co-defendants in the election interference case there, walked lawmakers through her investigation into Willis' romantic relationship with a special prosecutor.She argues Willis paid the prosecutor large sums of money for his work, and then personally benefited when he paid for things like fancy trips. Willis calls the removal efforts political.A jury convicts Rust Armorer Hannah Gutierrez of involuntary manslaughter in connection with the shooting death of the movie Cinematographer. Cinematographer was in the line of fire when actor Alec Baldwin pulled the gun out of its holster back in 2021. He fired. She died. Baldwin also charged in the case. He'll face a trial by jury in July.I'm Kevin Corke in Washington. Now back to the Ingraham Angle.INGRAHAM: Signs tonight that urban America, after years of living under far-left policies, may be slowly waking up. In Washington, D.C., the city council passed a sweeping anti-crime bill after, of course, homicides and carjackings there have been skyrocketing.In Oregon, the great liberal experiment with the decriminalization of hardcore drugs is coming to an end. Lawmakers just voted to re-criminalize drug possession after fentanyl deaths have soared 1,500 percent since 2019. It's a total nightmare there.Then down the coast in San Francisco, voters approved Prop F, tying welfare payments smartly to drug testing. And then Proposition E that also passed, that expands police powers. The Democrats supported defund the police era was obviously an unmitigated disaster.But not all the news is rosy. In Harris County, Texas, a Soros-backed former prosecutor, Sean Teare, unseated a two-term incumbent Democrat, D.A., Kim Ogg. Ogg sin? Well, she was opposed to ending cash bail. In other words, she wasn't pro-criminal enough. I kid you not.And in Travis County, Texas, the home of Austin, of course, another progressive one, incumbent Jose Garza, he clinched his primary for D.A. That's not all. Progressive D.A. George Gascon, I can't believe I'm reading this, who survived two recall attempts, leads the crowded field there and is headed for a runoff. He's leading in that overall field.My question is, how much are the people of L.A. willing to suffer with high crime? I guess we'll see.Joining us now, Jason Rantz, Seattle radio host, author of What's Killing America, Inside the Radical Left's Tragic Destruction of Our Cities. Jason, this is right in your wheelhouse. San Francisco Chronicle was writing today in the aftermath of those ballot measures in San Francisco.They said for now, at least, San Francisco can no longer be called a progressive city. Jason, your reaction?JASON RANTZ, SEATTLE RADIO HOST: I love that. That's great news, because if you're now defining progressivism the way that all of us have seen it, then that can only bode well for conservatives or even just moderates who want to take politics out of a lot of these decisions and simply focus on what makes sense, like going after criminals, cleaning up homeless encampments, telling the people who are using sidewalks as toilets or smoking fentanyl in front of a business that maybe we don't want to appreciate that in any sort of way.We don't want to push that. We don't want to see that anymore. We don't want kids to see that anymore. So go after it. I love it. Let's start calling what you just did progressive.INGRAHAM: Yeah, and there are some moderate Democrats that were elected to the Democrat committee, a very important body that will go offer endorsements for years to come. That's also somewhat good news in San Francisco. But L.A. is apparently just, you know, it's absolutely stamping its feet.They're not going to give up on George Gascon. How bad does it have to get in L.A.? Friends of mine's cars got lit on fire right in a really nice neighborhood. Police don't show up. Fire department doesn't show up unless it's a real, real ongoing emergency. Lots of complaints, but doesn't look like any action there.RANTZ: Yeah. Well, let's see, because what's actually kind of interesting here, Gascon ran against 11 other candidates. And if you look at the two, three and four as their vote tallies, these were all candidates who ran against George Gascon in a significant way, pointing out the soft on crime policies, saying pretty clearly this is the wrong direction.And they garnered a nice bit of support, right? I mean, at the end of the day, we'll see, you know, when all the ballots are in what that percentage is. But he's hovering around 21, 22, 23 percent. So, that's obviously not great if you're an incumbent that has a lot of money behind you, have a lot of the base behind you, who are doing the organizing on your behalf.But the problem that we have, and I've generally seen in a lot of these cities, which is why it takes so long for change, local media, God bless them, there are some people who are outstanding, but there are a lot that are really bad. And they're not connecting the dots.Yeah, they're not connecting the dots to say this policy is responsible.INGRAHAM: Yeah. And what we're seeing in Harris County and Travis County, Texas, they better watch what's happened to these other localities, and better not let Texas go down the tubes like California slowly started seeing themselves go down the tube. So, I hope that doesn't happen.In New York, Jason, Governor Kathy Hochul, under huge pressure because of the crime and filth there, made an announcement today. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): To rid our subways of people who commit crimes and protect all New Yorkers. I'm redeploying nearly one thousand members of the New York State Police, MTA Police and MTA National Guard to conduct bag checks in the city's busiest transit stations.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Well, Jason, we have to not forget that the bag check announcement, notwithstanding, these are the people who favor defunding the police, who demonize the police, and who welcome illegal aliens to the city. Sanctuary location.RANTZ: It's also the folks who told us crime crisis. What crime crisis? Fox News is making it up. Conservatives are lying. They said that this week. I mean, we heard that from Eric Adams this week, that crime is actually going down.And it's so remarkable that they'll say that without understanding that it's gotten so bad that New Yorkers have personally experienced it or they know someone who has personally experienced a crime. And at that point, you can only get away with gaslighting for so long. It's precisely why the issue of the border is number one right now.At some point, when you say there's not a crisis and everyone sees the video and everyone understands what's going on, they're like, well, now you're just flat out lying to us. And so, kudos to Kathy Hochul. She made the right decision here. It's very late and there should be a political price to pay for Democrats there.INGRAHAM: I don't know what a bag check is going to -- I mean -- this is my problem, is the inconvenience everyone in the subways because they welcome criminals into the city and are soft on crime in general. And then there's a revolving door back onto the streets.But then everyone who rides the subways, you know, hundreds of thousands of people, they have to be inconvenienced because -- so, I don't know, Jason, you're so great on all these issues. You predicted all of this. Thank you so much.All right. Get ready for State of the Union spin or as they're calling it, the hate of the union Biden speech, coming up. What should we expect? Senator Eric Schmitt will join us.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It is clear he's got more done in the first three years than most presidents have accomplished in two terms. He will talk about the success in implementing his agenda from infrastructure to chips, to lowering drug prices and getting rid of junk fees.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Junk fees, what an exciting preview. It doesn't sound like the White House has much to brag about, but if Biden's past speeches are any indication, it will include some MAGA bashing.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans represent an extremism that threatens the very foundations of our republic.Trump and his MAGA supporters not only embrace political violence, but they laugh about it.An extreme movement of America, the MAGA Republicans, led by defeated president, is trying to steal history now.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Biden doesn't want to really face up to what the American people feel about the State of the Union. According to our Fox News polling, only 25 percent of Americans think Biden's policies are helping their families. Fifty seven percent of Americans say they have less money in their pockets this year compared to last year. Fifty eight percent of Americans think that Biden's policies are making the country weaker.Joining me now, Eric Schmitt, Missouri senator, member of the Armed Services Committee. Senator, what's your reaction to this Biden attempt to turn his reelection campaign into a defense of democracy and portray himself as the slayer of shrinkflation and junk fees?SEN. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): Well, the first thing is, I think for the State of Union, turn it into a drinking game. Every time Joe Biden says extreme or MAGA Republicans, I think Washington, D.C. will be drunk in the first five minutes. He's the most divisive president we've ever had. And I'm tired of hearing lectures about threats to democracy when this is the guy that's literally trying to throw his political opponent in prison for the rest of his life, take him off the ballot.And by the way, started the largest censorship enterprise we've ever seen in the history of the country. The real threat to democracy is Joe Biden. But he's going to try again to cast a lot of blame for the problems that we see as a country that are of his own making, take immigration and him undoing all the successes under President Trump and try to shift that blame. That'll be the purpose of the speech tomorrow.But I think, Laura, when the dust settles and those whoppers are told, the American people are going to be left with the reality, which is they are much worse off now than they were when President Trump was in office.INGRAHAM: I mean, that's just the classic, you know, barometer of how people usually vote. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? And as we said in The Angle, Senator, America's real wages declined from late, you know, 2020 to this past December 2023. I mean, going down, not going up. And obviously, inflation's factored into all of that.SCHMITT: That's right. And, you know, I think for right now, this is a -- to me, it's a new era, especially for the Republican Party, our anchor, our core support and our working people. That's how I grew up. I grew up in a blue-collar neighborhood. And you look at the three issues that are top of the list, the economy, and the American family right now, they're having to pay about ten thousand dollars more every year for the same stuff than just a few years ago.They're paying. They're working harder to pay for benefits for illegal immigration. Nine million people have come here from somewhere else. We don't even know where they are sometimes. And energy. You look at this war on domestic energy production. No country in the history of the world, Laura, has declared war on its own natural resources like we have. We're shipping those jobs to China. We've hollowed out the middle class and everything is more expensive because of it.INGRAHAM: The race for the new Senate GOP leader is on. McConnell comes out and endorses Trump today. Thune has already endorsed Trump. Cornyn's already endorsed Trump.Do any of them, obviously, McConnell's out, but does Thune or Cornyn, do they represent that working class sensibility that you say, and I believe, is now at the heart of the Republican Party?Are we going to be back to the establishment versus the people again in the Senate? We hope majority.SCHMITT: Well, that's the perspective that I'm bringing, right? A state like Missouri. I came here not to just go along, get along, but to shake things up on behalf of the American people. The conversations in Washington are so different, Laura, than the ones you have in real America. We've got to bring that to leadership here.So, as we go through this month-long leadership race, those two have indicated, I don't know if the field's set, but I personally am going to be asking a lot of questions about how our agenda can actually lead to more prosperous America for more Americans, right? And the foreign policy reflects where our people are at now, as opposed to the elites in Washington.INGRAHAM: Yeah. They were interviewing Thune today. And I've always -- this is nothing personal. I like all these guys. But he looks so unhappy today after Super Tuesday. I mean, Republicans should be thrilled that we have our candidate and we're moving forward.But everybody looks miserable up in Senate leadership. I don't get it. Senator Schmidt -- Rex, I do get it. Thank you so much.All right. Bernie Sanders tries to bail out the big guy. No, not Jimmy Failla, but he does join us next. So, stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Now it's time for WTF, What the Failla. Joining me now, Jimmy Failla, host of Fox News Saturday night. Jimmy, while the big embarrassment of the night for Biden, other than 18 percent of Minnesota Democrats voting for uncommitted, was losing to a guy that no one ever heard of.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: My phone started blowing up. And when your phone is, you know, 20 text messages coming in at once, you immediately look at your phone or the TV, and I actually saw it on the TV set here in the hotel that we had won American Samoa, which was very surprising.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Jimmy, I know you were on the edge of your seat about American Samoa's turnout. But he, you know, look at him. He's a clean-cut guy.He seems to have a lot of energy and he's not 81.JIMMY FAILLA, FOX NEWS HOST: And he spent a lot less money than Michael Bloomberg did to win American Samoa, if you remember back to that disaster. But you know what the most disturbing part of last night is? When Biden heard Samoa, he thought they were ordering Girl Scout cookies. He had no idea.This is a thing to watch. Ninety-one people showed up to vote in that primary. They had more carjackings in Washington, D.C. last night than they had primary voters in American Samoa.INGRAHAM: Biden, when he tweets, by the way, Jimmy, don't you love when people say, well, Biden tweeted. You know, he's like -- he's really like, you know, Trump's actually writing most of his own posts on truth socially, doesn't really tweet. But on truth socially, he's writing, I think, most of that stuff. You can tell it sounds like him.But the idea that Biden's writing anything, give me a break. He's poring over his State of the Union speech.FAILLA: Can I just say this? If someone typed the way Biden talked, it would look like a cat walked across your keyboard. OK. (INAUDIBLE), that's a word he uses frequently. I don't know how you type that. I got to be honest.INGRAHAM: All right. The White House is claiming, Jimmy, that it wants to let Biden, quote, or we're quoting, I think, off his leash for the general election like commander, I guess. But that doesn't seem to be the case. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: I better not start your questions. I get in trouble.UNKNOWN: What's your message for the Super Tuesday voters?(END VIDEO CLIP)FAILLA: So embarrassing.INGRAHAM: He'll get in trouble like the dog that, you know, goes to the bathroom and, you know, in the house, he's going to get in trouble?FAILLA: Listen, now, some of these dog comparisons are apt because he does sniff people a lot randomly. There's that. But here's the thing. When he says I'm going to get in trouble, what I always want to know is by who? OK. If you're the leader of the free world, by definition, you're supposed to be the most powerful man in the world.Do you think there's any world where any other leader is like, oh, I don't want to get in trouble? But in his case, he might get in trouble. They're like, hey, you want your -- you know, you want your butter pecan ice cream cone or what, old man? And he's like, fine, I won't take questions. But that's what we're watching here. It's embarrassing.INGRAHAM: Can you imagine Macron or Xi or any of these leaders like, well, or I cannot answer these questions because I will get in trouble. I mean, no --FAILLA: Or Trump. Dude, Trump gets legally ordered to stop talking and keeps talking.INGRAHAM: Oh.FAILLA: He don't care. He's a leader. He's his own guy.INGRAHAM: Very good point. All right. Biden is getting some help, Jimmy, swatting away voters' concerns about his age from a fellow octogenarian. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: Recent poll says 73 percent of registered voters think Biden is too old to be president. You're one year older than him. Are you worried about his age?UNKNOWN: I'm worried about a lot of things. But I think the media has fixated a little bit too much on age.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: That's convincing.FAILLA: I don't know that they have, Bernie, because age isn't the concern. It's condition, OK? This is a guy who routinely makes the sign language interpreter shrug. We've seen him shake hands with invisible people. We've seen him quit talking in the middle of a sentence because he's done.OK, the point is not age. It's condition. If you saw the car facts on Joe Biden, you would not purchase this vehicle.INGRAHAM: OK, Mr. Carfax. OK, that is a really good. All right, Jimmy, great to see you, as always.Don't forget. Catch Jimmy on the road. He's going to be in Florida this week. That's it for us tonight. Jesse Watters takes it all from here.