SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".We are reporting live tonight from Tucson, Arizona. So in just four short days, former President Trump and Nikki Haley, they will square off in the South Carolina Republican primary. And according to the polls, President Trump -- well, he holds a commanding lead. A new Suffolk poll shows him leading Nikki Haley by 28 points in her home state, now bringing his lead now in the Real Clear Politics average to over 25.Now, it would be natural for things to tighten in the days leading into any primary. That's common. Now, despite facing a huge deficit in her home state, Nikki Haley delivered a speech earlier today announcing she will not be dropping out of this race anytime soon. So far, Governor Haley has been struggling versus the former president. After coming in third in Iowa, losing by double digits in New Hampshire, and losing to the option, quote, none of these candidates by more than 30 points in Nevada, well, the pressure is certainly on the former governor in her home state.Now, a fair question must be asked, if she doesn't win her home state on Saturday or if she even loses by double digits, where does she see a path to the nomination? Certainly, the pressure is on Governor Haley tonight.But despite an enormous lead in the polls, President Trump continues to campaign vigorously and earlier tonight, he sat down with our very own Laura Ingraham for a town hall in South Carolina. Now, the two covered a number of topics including a possible surprise campaign strategy based off a shocking new poll. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: You may campaign in the Bronx or at Madison Square Garden. When might that be happening?DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT & 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: Very soon. Look, we have nine months yet, but I'm going to see about Madison Square Garden, and we're going to go to the South Bronx and we're going to go to Queens and other areas, because if you look at what's happened in New York, I'm not even blaming the mayor. I think the mayor has sort of been told to take a backseat a little bit because they came after him violently. You know, they came after him like they're going to indict him when he started speaking up and now he's become quiet.These are fascists we're dealing with. They're terrible people. And so, I'm not blaming him. I'm just saying, we have 400,000, 500,000 migrants, illegal migrants in New York. On Madison Avenue, they're sleeping on Madison Avenue, they're sleeping on Fifth Avenue. It's horrible what's going on.I think there's a chance to win New York. The people are very, very unhappy.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, we'll have more on that New York poll in just a moment. And as the left continues to pursue their endless witch hunts, Laura did ask the former president if he's worried about becoming a political prisoner. Here's what he said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We are turning into a communist country in many ways. And if you look at it, I'm the leading candidate. I get indicted -- I never heard of being indicted before. I was going, I got indicted four times, I have eight or nine trials, all because of the fact that I'm -- and you know this all because of the fact that I'm in politics, they indicted me on things that are so ridiculous.INGRAHAM: Do you see yourself as a potential political prisoner in the United States because that's their goal is to put you in jail, behind the bars, wait to the -- to the -- for the rest of your life?TRUMP: If I were losing in the polls, they wouldn't even be talking about me and I wouldn't have had any legal fees.INGRAHAM: If you had retired from politics with all these --TRUMP: If I were out, I think -- although, they hate me so much, I'm -- I think if I got out, they'd still pursue this guy, we can't stand this guy.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And while Trump continues to surge, well, Joe Biden struggles, they're only growing more apparent.Now earlier today when walking up the small stairs, not the big stairs on Air Force One, well, he once again appeared to stumble before actually catching himself.Now, despite the obvious struggles, according to one "New York Times" publisher, the White House is, quote, extremely upset with the paper's coverage of Biden's age and unpopularity. Does the Biden White House really expect, even their willing accomplices, their allies and the media mob, do they really expect them to ignore what are the obvious daily struggles of what is a very weak, frail and cognitively compromised president? Is that what they expect?Now, unfortunately, for the White House, Biden's failures and freefalling poll numbers cannot be hidden. Now, according to a new Monmouth survey, Biden's approval rating is an unmitigated disaster, with just 38 percent of respondents now approving of Joe and the job he's done as president.And when you dive into those numbers -- well, it only gets worse. On the issue of inflation, which as all of you know has been one of the cornerstones of, quote, Bidenomics -- well, running completely out of control since he took office. Only 34 percent approve of his job performance.And after dealing with the fallout of his open borders policy for over years, which has wreaked nothing but havoc across every corner of our country, well, just 26 percent approve of his performance on the issue of immigration. But he's still blaming Trump. What a joke.But perhaps most alarming for the Biden campaign is a new poll out of deep blue New York, my former home state, which shows Joe up just 12 points on Donald Trump, receiving under 50 percent. This is one of the most liberal states in the country.Now, this is a state that Joe Biden by -- won by well over 20 points in 2020, securing over 60 percent of the vote at the time. So what does all of this mean for Joe Biden as the campaign cycle now heats up? No, it's certainly not good.A Gallup report from last Friday, it says political and economic indicators, they are, quote, not promising for Biden. That's stating the obvious. In fact, the report goes on to say, well, presidents with approval ratings of 50 percent or higher close to election day, they've all been reelected, all but one president with a sub 50 percent approval rating lost.So in the last Gallup poll from January -- well, what was Joe's approval rating there? Well, it was 41 percent, not even close to 50. So with Biden's poll numbers continuing to plummet, alarm bells, they are sounding out for Democrats. It's like you got alarms going, you know, 24/7, and frankly rightfully so.And yet another bad omen for Biden. Well, you have FiveThirtyEight's Nate Silver. He wrote a pretty scathing piece about the Biden campaign yesterday, saying in part, quote, he's losing now and there's no plan to fix the problems other than hoping that the polls are wrong.Here with reaction, FOX News contributors Lisa Boothe and Charlie Hurt, also former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee is with us.Guys, good to see you all.Lisa, let me start with you. That's a lot to absorb. I mean, we are on the verge of South Carolina. It's the home state for Governor Haley.She seems to be getting more aggressive by the day. It's gotten heated, but South Carolina frankly is always heated. You can go back to George W. Bush and John McCain. That was a pretty nasty race back in the day.What are your thoughts?LISA BOOTHE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, and you asked that question, where is the path? There is none. And she knows that. I mean, what does it say about Nikki Haley, about the weakness of her candidacy that she had to lie to us to get anyone to watch that press conference today?She had -- she had to punk us she had to dupe us, she had to lead people to believe that she was dropping out to get people to watch her press conference. There is no path for Nikki Haley. I think -- and I -- and she knows that.I think she knows that she's not going to win. She knows there's not going to be a path. I think what she wants is pats on the head from the mainstream media. Maybe she wants a contract at MSNBC, CNN. She wants to be part of the club.But I do want to mention just one thing about watching the Trump town hall tonight. It made me think that we don't have to live like this, Sean. We can have a strong economy. We can have a strong border. We can be respected again as a nation, but we need a change at that White House and that change is Donald Trump.So I hope Americans were watching and know that we don't have to live like this. It can be different it has been and it will be again hopefully.HANNITY: You know, Governor, I'm particularly -- I don't know -- maybe amused is the word, but I find it even bewildering for the mainstream media mob. I've always viewed them as sort of an extension of all things liberal Democrat and they go with all the talking points, they were called in and some guy named Ian Sams in the special counsel's office is directing them what they should be reporting on. They're upset that the mainstream media can no longer ignore what they tried to ignore for almost four years, and that's Joe's physical and cognitive decline.But they're upset in the White House that the obvious is being spoken. I don't think they have any choice at this point.MIKE HUCKABEE (R), FORMER ARKANSAS GOVERNOR: Sean, it took a beach towel for me to dry my tears when I realized how sad they are at the White House over the way the press is treating them. I mean, my gosh, you've turned into a New York refugee, having to leave your home state because of the wonderful reception you've been given up there. But I just think it's absurd that the White House is whining that somehow they just don't think they're being treated very well.Well, welcome to our world and, boy, are they ever having a hard time adjusting to just a tiny little bit of criticism?Look what Donald Trump has been through for the past eight years. It's been absolutely the most relentless attack on him personally, legally, economically, socially, in every way, and he's still standing up and fighting. That's why I think a lot of Americans are coming to Donald Trump and saying nobody else can take what he's put up with and keep getting up every morning and fighting for us.HANNITY: Well, let's get your take, Charlie, and I guess the horse race is in the news. We're heading into South Carolina. I understand the defiance Nikki Haley came out. You know, she's been getting more aggressive against President Trump, who is always aggressive himself. He doesn't apologize for it.Is that going to work in the final days leading up to this primary on Saturday?CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Oh, I don't think -- I don't think it is at all. And I think that, you know, she's had had kind of a lot of problems I would say with her campaign all along, starting with the fact that she has kind of run this, you know, I am woman hear me roar campaign and does a lot of sort of identity politics. Almost like she's borrowing a lot of techniques from Democrats, which is a weird way to run in the Republican Party.But, you know, you know, once -- I do and I think is exactly right, you know, the idea that she has to punk people and trick people into covering one of her campaigns is just sort of further pro -- one of her events is further proof that it really is over. We'll, you know, she'll -- it appears that she's going to get beaten in South Carolina. Hopefully, she figures out how to get out and get out honorably and then and then we can sort of focus on the general election.But if this election is about the issues and not about all of the noise that the media tries to bring into it and not about you know all the things that people want to make up and say about Donald Trump or whether he should be in jail and all this stuff, if it's about the actual issues that people care about like the economy and like the border and like crime, Donald Trump should win this by -- with 80 percent of the vote, because 80 percent of Americans across the political spectrum and across economic race, gender, everything, 80 percent of Americans want the America that Donald Trump is talking about and has demonstrated he can -- he can bring.Nobody wants this world that Joe Biden has given us.HANNITY: Yeah. You know, you know, Governor Huckabee, it's funny that Donald Trump at one point actually said, I'm probably one more indictment away from being guaranteed that I'll get reelected. And I mean, only he would come up with that line. You got to admit there's some truth though behind it, and that is -- I mean, I've always said that he seems to defy conventional political ground, and that is he gets indicted, his poll numbers get up -- go up. He gets arraigned, his poll numbers get up -- go up. He gets a mug shot, he's selling more t-shirts online than anybody could ever wish for.How do -- how do you describe this phenomenon? Have they so overreached and have they weaponized the justice system so much that the impossible has happened? A guy as strong as Donald Trump, is he -- is he now become a victim?HUCKABEE: Well, he's become a martyr in some ways. But I think what's happening, people in America aren't as dumb as the Democrats think them to be. And that's as simple as I can put it. They're just not that stupid.They see through this. They see the political persecutions. They see Joe with open boxes of records in his garage, records he wasn't even supposed to have, and he gets, you know, a little gee, we're not going to prosecute because you're old and you don't know what the heck's going on. Donald Trump gets a raid on his home early in the morning and they go through his wife's closet.People look at that and they say, yeah, this ain't right. So honestly, Sean, what's happening is that the more they try to tear him down, the stronger he gets. Nikki Haley when she says chaos follows Donald Trump, she makes it like a negative. Actually, what she really should admit is the reason chaos follows Donald Trump is because it's the chaos of the opposition.It's the FBI, the CIA, the IRS, the DOJ using all the powers of government to create chaos for him. It's just that he's the one guy that just might have the capacity to not only stand up to it, but to organize it and put it down once and for all and give this country back to the people who should own it.HANNITY: You know, let me ask you, Lisa, about Navalny, and this was the opposition leader that was in prison in Russia that seems to have been murdered by that thug and murderer and dictator by the name of Vladimir Putin. Nothing surprises me. And a lot of people have tried to make the case that if Republicans want the border secure first, that would be an America first policy, if they want our budget in balance first, before we consider more aid to Ukraine, it's not like we haven't given a lot of aid to Ukraine.Granted, everything you want to say about Putin being evil, I completely agree with. He's evil. He's a murdering dictator, thug, and he invaded a sovereign country and he's killed innocent men, women and children. And you know what? The whole world should unite against it. Frankly, the continent of Europe should have stepped up a lot more than we have. $75 billion of taxpayer money is a lot.I think the American people, if we did secure the border, if they did get the budget in balance, and probably they should make it a loan, not a gift, then they might be able to open the door to that. But Democrats say, oh, if you insist on securing the border first, and you're not willing to allow in 5,000 people a day, that means you must be a Putin apologist. No, I don't know any conservative that's a Putin apologist.I certainly am not one. I see him for what he is, who he is, he's evil.BOOTH: Well, and there's also, you know, a sense of irony as Donald Trump's being persecuted by his enemies and by the president, and Democrats here in the United States.Look, I'm of the mindset which this might be unpopular. I don't think Ukraine can win this thing. We don't know what we're spending our money on. There's no accountability with it. There's no transparency. Ukraine has a history of corruption, so does Joe Biden and his family that has profited off of Ukraine as well. So I would like to see some sort of deal come together if possible as opposed to just throwing money at this -- you know, throwing money at the problem.But, you know, look, I just want to make one point about what Governor Huckabee said. I think the DOJ report has taken away Joe Biden's Trump card. His whole premise, his whole argument this election cycle was the other guy is worse, and Americans know that's not true because we saw what things looked like under Trump. We've seen what it looks like under Joe Biden, and now we know that Joe Biden is a crook. He mishandled classified information since the 1970s and he was a senator or vice president nowhere near the authority you have as a president, who has the ultimate authority on handling classified information, declassifying, classifying.So I think the muddies have become -- or the waters have become muddied, and Joe Biden no longer has really any argument to make heading into 2024.HANNITY: You know, Charlie, I don't think the Republicans -- as slim as their majority is in the House, they're not supposed to be potted plants, right? And I think for them to insist on secure borders and getting our budget in balance with $34 trillion in debt, and saying no, no more giveaways, maybe loans, maybe help in another way, that seems to be the right political formula.If you look at all these previous primaries, you look at these polls, they all show the same thing, the American people are tired of nearly 10 million illegal, unvetted Joe Biden's immigrants that are crossing our border. There's been no vetting. We haven't checked their background, and look at the countries they're coming from, I've mentioned it many times. China, Russia, Afghanistan, Egypt, Syria, Iran, not vetted.And then, you know, we'll get into more detail later in the program, but, you know, I think that's an 80-20, maybe 85-15, maybe 90-10 issue in terms of what the American people want. I want them to fight for that and then we could have all those other conversations and have them quickly.(CROSSTALK)HURT: The biggest mist -- the biggest mistake Republicans on Capitol Hill made is they didn't agree to die on the Hill of protecting our border and closing the border. They should have decided, both chambers, Republicans both chambers decided that we will shut down the entire government if that's what it takes to force this administration to enforce our laws and stop and seal the border and stop the border invasion.And they failed to do that and what they wound up doing actually was proving that even more important than a Republican majority in the House or the Senate is having Donald Trump as president in the White House, because apparently the only way we're going to secure the border is to have the at the top of our executive branch President Trump who is willing to do whatever it takes to secure the border.And, you know, Governor Huckabee was just talking about the whole issue of chaos that that Nikki Haley is talking about, and he's exactly right about this. This -- the idea that you're going to criticize Donald Trump for being this sort of nexus of chaos or whatever when it really is his opponents who are bringing the chaos, but Donald Trump was elected to be a disruptor in Washington. The chaos comes with that.People -- you know, obviously, everybody would like life to be a bed of roses. They would like politics to all be nice and sweet and everything. That's not where we are. And the reason Donald Trump got elected in and the reason I think he's going to get reelected again in 2024 is because people want disruption in Washington.They don't want this to keep going the way it's going and you know, I -- you know, I think Republicans do are the -- are the less bad party on Capitol Hill but even they don't get it done, only Donald Trump in the White House gets these things done.HANNITY: All right. Exit question for all three of you, unless and until Governor/Ambassador Haley -- I didn't hear what you said Lisa, but unless and until Governor Haley gets a win or single digits even, should Donald Trump strategically -- Governor Huckabee, you're a smart politician, should he engage or should he ignore? Your advice?HUCKABEE: Totally ignore her, focus on Biden. But more importantly focus on what he can do for the American people, what he did do for them. Ignore the opposition from within. It's -- it's frankly immaterial.HANNITY: Lisa, engage or ignore?BOOTHE: Yeah, ignore. She -- ignore, she has to lie to us, hoodwink us into watching a press conference. There is no path to her -- for her in the primary. There's not even a path at a convention. So Donald Trump is the guy, ignore Nikki Haley, have your sight set on Joe Biden and the Democrat Party at large.HANNITY: Charlie, you get the last word, same question.HURT: Even the press has moved on. Donald Trump should move on and put direct all firepower on Democrats and Joe Biden.HANNITY: All right. I appreciate you all.Lisa, thank you. Charlie, thank you. Governor, always good to have you.When we come back, a really chaotic scene inside an illegal immigrant shelter in New York City, all caught on tape, and oh, that's just a new normal according to the mayor.We'll check in with Larry Kudlow and much more as we continue tonight.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Joe Biden's border crisis continues to create absolute chaos in America's big cities, frankly big cities, small towns, all across the country. Every town, every city is a border city.Just take a look at what happened inside one shelter for illegals in New York when police tried to make an arrest. Look at this.(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)HANNITY: This should not happen in this country. And, by the way, New York Mayor Eric Adams says this is just something happens these days. Wow. Take a look at this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLPI)MAYOR ERIC ADAMS (D), NEW YORK CITY: Do you have bad actors? Yes. Things like this have the potential to happen and I've said this over and over again. Even the most peaceful person being confined to an area with 3,000 people, even if you're the most peaceful person, there comes a time when you just -- it just irritates you. This is what happens when you give this national problem on his city. We need the national government to assist in resolving this problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Now, meanwhile, the state of Michigan is now asking its residents to actually take in what they call, quote, refugees. Aka Joe Biden's unvetted illegal immigrants because it will apparently, quote, build a more welcoming and inclusive Michigan for all.So to Governor Gretchen Whitmer, I have a question for you. What happens if one of Joe's unvetted illegal immigrants hurts an innocent family that takes them in. Who would bear the responsibility for that, Governor? The answer, it would be you.And in Massachusetts -- well, they've already asked their residents to house illegals. Now, maybe because the state is spending so much on caring for them. And according to the local CBS station in Boston, one catering company, they're getting paid $10 million to feed illegal immigrants for six months.Now the report goes on to explain that the state has contracts for housing illegals, totally more than, get this, $160 million. That's one city. And that quote in some cases, the hotels are collecting money from the state for three meals a day, 16 bucks for breakfast, 17 bucks for lunch, $31 for dinner.By the way, that means a whopping what, $64 a day per person, somewhere in that a range.Now, add in the cost of education, health care, policing, law and order, and that is a massive, massive financial burden on every person. But it's not just Massachusetts. It is every state, every city, every town.Here with reaction is FOX Business host, our friend Larry Kudlow is back on the show.Larry, good to see you my friend. Oh, this is just something that happens these days and would you consider adopting an unvetted illegal immigrant family. I think I'd feel better if they were vetted and we know they don't have radical associations and, you know, at least know something about them before they ever came in the country and I'd prefer that they respect our laws, our borders, our sovereignty.But this is just something that happens. We beat the hell out of cops in Times Square. They get let out, no bail laws. They flip the bird to New York on their way to the sanctuary state of California for free health care. Wow. Are we that dumb a country?LARRY KUDLOW, FOX BUSINESS HOST: Well, thanks for having me, Sean. You know, President Trump put it very well tonight in his town hall with Laura Ingraham. He called it migrant crime and all the examples you're given, they're, you know, going after cops on the street, going after cops and people in shelters, going after prisons, they're actually worse in the main than our homegrown criminals. That's what Trump said tonight. And I think he makes a great point -- migrant crime.Now, if Joe Biden had stayed at the beach and just let the wall be built and remain in Mexico, and catch and deport, we wouldn't have this problem. But Biden had to overturn all of the Trump policies which were working very well. So, now, we're stuck with migrant crime. People coming all over the - - all over the world.I mean, Griff Jenkins was talking to me on the show tonight, Bill Melugin. Asia, China, Kazakhstan --HANNITY: Bill Melugin, yeah.KUDLOW: -- India, I mean, it's crazy and they're not the best of the best. We're not getting their elites. We're getting spies. We're getting criminals. We're getting terrorists. We're giving them green cards. We're giving them work permits.Another thing Griff Jenkins showed me, they actually have -- you'll love this, from the Trump days, they get remain in Mexico cards. They have them. But you know what happens? As they come over the border, they drop the cards, because they don't want the border officials to see them because they want entry into the United States.I mean, it's actually there in spades. It's an amazing story.And one last point, one last point. Governor Abbott in Texas is right. You put up barriers, right, chicken wire, whatever, I would say a wall. But all he did was put up chicken wire, and the numbers have come way down.And so, now, the crisis has moved kind of from Texas to San Diego, all right, which is where Melugin was reporting from tonight. But the barriers work, wire works, walls work.What doesn't work is Joe Biden doesn't want to do it and he's going to probably sign an executive order soon before the State of the Union that is going to make this story even worse. You wait and see.HANNITY: Republicans and this goes back to our last segment a little bit, if they would hold strong, remain in Mexico has to come back, building the border wall that Trump started, finish the wall. If you get those things done -- and it was razor wire that you're talking about at Eagles Pass in Texas with Governor Abbott.And then one other thing, if we're going to help countries out against real evil and injustices, we're going to do that, why can't it be alone? When Donald Trump talked about that Iraq, they should pay us back in oil, I thought that was a great idea. America cannot afford to be fighting proxy wars and you know the numbers better than anybody, Larry, especially with $34 trillion in debt.I fear what happens when we have a trillion dollars a year in debt payment alone. I mean, before we spend one dime on Social Security, Medicare, defense, that scares me.KUDLOW: Well, the latest Biden baseline on the budget from the CBO, Sean, will be at $48 trillion of publicly held debt or 100 -- nearly 120 percent of GDP. That number, by the way, was 48 percent of GDP just a few years ago before Biden took office.So, yeah, we have a major problem. I mean, let's come back to New York. Eric Adams who says he knows what stuff happens. I mean, that's the silliest thing I've ever seen, that news conference you played. He's going to give them debit cards, okay, which in "The New York Post" today, Nicole Gelinas estimated will cost about two and a half billion dollars in the next couple years -- debit card, Sean.It's like come over, we're going to incentivize you. We're going to give you money, so you can exist here. Whether you break the laws or not, whether you break the border laws or whether you come here and rob stores, go after cops, go after prisons, go after shelters. It doesn't matter. We're going to help you out.This is nuts. This is insanity, and that's why this has become such a big national political issue. And I will say this -- I will say this: you're going to need a tough guy, Trump tough to stop this.HANNITY: Yeah. You know, Larry, you're not showing enough compassion. It's -- these incidents of attacking cops and beating them up in Times Square, that's just something that happens these days. You've got to get with it a little bit more. These are different times we're living in.(CROSSTALK)KUDLOW: More insanity. We give you a debit card. San, thanks for having me. Give you a debit card.HANNITY: Well, apparently, they're giving what, $500,000 a month? I don't know, where's that money coming from?All right. Larry Kudlow, thank you.When we come back, Hunter Biden's lawyers, they just f the need to clarify something that came out in a special counsel court filing last week. His lawyers say that images that are purported to show cocaine that it's actually sawdust.Now, this is a test for all of you at home. We'll show you the picture you get to decide, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Things are not going so well for members of Joe Biden's family. Now his daughter Ashley just reportedly had to pay off, oh, about $5,000 in taxes she owed in Pennsylvania. If it was a Republican, they'd probably be jailed.Lawyers for his son Hunter just had to explain in court a filing that this photo, take a look at this photo right here, look at that photo, from his phone that the government, prosecutors claim show lines of cocaine. That's what the government prosecutors are saying. They're saying that's sawdust.Take a good look at the sawdust. It lined up in perfect little lines. Take a close look. Does that look like sawdust to you? We'll let you decide that.By the way, Hunter was also just moved to dismiss the -- moved to dismiss the entire federal tax case against him, saying among other things, he is a victim of selective and vindictive prosecution. Wow, this is the guy that the statute of limitations were allowed to pass on the big Burisma earning years.And Joe's brother Jim, well, he just was exposed by "Politico" for allegedly using Joe's name to profit off a hospital company, no experience, of course. Apparently promising that he could get Joe to join the company's board and take a financial stake in it and secure additional investments from people in the Middle East.And according to "Politico", when none of that happened, that company, they went under. Jim Biden, he still got paid hundreds of thousands of dollars. Clearly, Jim has some questions to answer and guess what? He will be faced with them tomorrow when he sits for a transcribed interview with Congress, as part of the Biden impeachment inquiry.Now, we also reached out to the Bidens for comment. But we have yet to hear back. I am shocked.Here with reaction FOX News contributor and, of course, George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley is with us.You know, Jonathan, your analysis on this has been really, really biting and really tough. Forget about the $5,000, you know, tax delinquency. That's usually in most cases nothing, to be fair. The consultant Jim Biden had no experience running hospitals, but he did understand the federal government and he got paid and then the hospital went under.How does that look to you? What do you -- what would you call that?JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it doesn't look good, but what's really interesting is that some of us have been writing about that company for years and the reason that's important is that President Biden has repeatedly suggested that he didn't know anything about the business deals of his son. He expressed a lack of knowledge of influence peddling by his family. That's demonstrably untrue because there were plenty of articles, not just this recent one, there were plenty of articles as to this open influence peddling.His brother didn't even try to make this subtle. I mean, he actually really sort of hearkened his connections to his brother, his ability to use that name on his official pitches. And so, President Biden had to know that his son and his brother were influence peddling. And you've got to stop and ask yourself then, what does that mean, right?Influence peddling is corrupt, right? It's a form of corruption the United States government has opposed internationally. If the president knew that his son and his brother were influence peddling using his name to gain these benefits, then he was also corrupt. And it's also not true that money has to go to President Biden to constitute the ill-gotten gains of influence peddling or corruption. The courts have said repeatedly that money going to family members is a form of corruption that can be applied against the principal.So we have to sort of cut through a lot of the nonsense here as this evidence continues to build against the family.HANNITY: So, you started out your comments by saying something that is almost entirely dismissed by everyone else in the mainstream media. Joe Biden, as a candidate, as president said over and over again, I never one time ever spoke to my son Hunter, my brother or anybody for that matter about their foreign business deals, not one time. What have we learned?According to James Comer and his committee, that there were all these shell corporations. He's talking about tens of millions of dollars. Russia, China, Kazakhstan, Romania, Ukraine -- I mean, a lot of money. Ten -- they've identified 10 family members, again tens of millions of dollars, grandchildren being paid. I'd like to know what they did for that money, and yet, it's dismissed. The lie is dismissed.Now, that to me is not a small insignificant lie. That's a pretty big lie in light of the fact -- in light of Devon Archer's testimony that he knows of at least 20 plus phone calls that the big guy was on with Hunter and his foreign business partners or the timeline of the leveraging of the billion dollars to get the prosecutor in Ukraine fired so his at the time drug addicted son with no experience in Ukraine or energy could be paid millions.Nobody else in the media wants to talk about that, Jonathan Turley. I would hope there'd be a little in intellectual honesty in saying this doesn't look right.TURLEY: Well, it's a case of willful blindness. It's the type of thing you see with state media, that they simply won't report the facts or they just categorically deny them. It's not just Archer. The House committees have shredded the president's claims. You know, Archer, of course, talked about calls being made to the president, dinners in which he called and was put on speaker phone. Other associates have talked about dinners with these associates.It's a tissue of lies at this point.HANNITY: Yeah, it really -- you know, it's pretty amazing the double standard. It's one standard for Hillary Clinton, the Clintons. It's one standard for the Bidens and a whole other different standard for Donald Trump which is why I think that he is defying that conventional political gravity. And every time they attack him, indict him, his poll numbers go up.Jonathan Turley, thank you, sir.When we come back, a big update in the Kansas City Chief Super Bowl parade shooting. We have a live report.Also, more highlights from Laura's exclusive town hall tonight with former President Donald Trump. They were in South Carolina. More of that, straight ahead, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. Two men have just been charged in connection with last week's tragic shooting at the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl parade.Matt Finn, he's live with the very latest tonight.Matt, what a tragedy. Very sad. What's the latest?MATT FINN, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Sean, prosecutors say those two men are being charged with second degree murder and they got into a fight with at least one other person after the Kansas City Chiefs parade last week. That's when the pair pulled out their guns and started firing, ultimately killing one woman and injuring 22 other people.Today, a Kansas City prosecutor announced that 18-year-old Dominic M. Miller and 22-year-old Lyndell Mays have been charged with second degree murder and unlawful use of a weapon. They're being held on $1 million bail.Investigators say it was Miller's firearm that hit Lisa Lopez-Galvan, killing her. And today, the prosecutor said even more people might be charged, but the prosecutor declined to comment on just how many shooters might be out there.Now of the 23 people who were shot last week, half of them were under the age of 16, two other minors were charged in juvenile court last week on gun charges, they have not been identified, but they could be charged as adults -- Sean.HANNITY: Prepare for the worst.All right. Thank you, Matt. We appreciate it.Now, also during Laura Ingraham's town hall with President Trump tonight, well, a lot happened in the course of all of this, and they spoke about Biden's border crisis. Let's take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: I had the safest border in the history of our country, recorded history because I can't tell you about a thousand years ago, but recorded history of the border by far. We had it down pat between guys like Tom Holman and Brandon Judd, and unbelievable people that you have on your show.We had a great -- all Biden had to do is stay at the beach, you know, he goes to the beach. Somebody said he looks great in a bathing suit. So he goes to the beach.If he went to the beach and didn't do it, but he canceled everything -- remain in Mexico catch and release we have catch and release but we had release in Mexico.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: And he talked also about who is vice presidential candidate, running mate may be if he gets the nomination.Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Jason Chaffetz. Also joining us, Outkick founder Clay Travis.Good to see you both.Jason, let's talk about that answer, how important that issue is to the country and who do you think would be the best VP choice beside yourself?JASON CHAFFETZ, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, look, Donald Trump showed why he's leading in the polls and why he's beating everybody because the command of the facts. We had four years under Donald Trump and they were quite good.I happen to think this election's going to be all about security, security in your wallet, security at your home, security in your neighborhood, security at the border, security overseas.And Donald Trump dominates on all of those, not only against the Republican candidates that are out there, but also in the general election. That's why he's surging. He's got a fun way to communicate.He's -- here's this billionaire and he communicates so well with blue collar people. Republicans have a bench for vice president. I thought his answer about it not being Nikki Haley put a smile on a lot of people's face.Senator Tim Scott, I think, is obviously a strong candidate. The other two people that I think are really strong candidates that aren't on anybody else's list right now, Congressman John Ratcliffe, who was his director of national intelligence and Robert O'Brien, the former national security adviser.They worked side by side with Donald Trump for years. He trusts them they know each other. They work hard. They're compatible. They're telegenic, and I think they would both be great vice presidents as well.HANNITY: Clay, I'd like your take on this because the media -- Donald Trump mixes up Vice President Harris, I don't was with Pelosi or somebody, I don't remember, and, you know, I'm -- I'm listening and they they're trying to make a comparison that Joe Biden who I would argue has not had a clean event, meaning issue free, either mumbling, bumbling, stumbling, you know, not knowing whether to exit stage left or right or not being able to walk straight.In months, Donald Trump has one mix -- see, he's old and he's cognitively impaired like Joe. And I'm like, okay, I watch this guy tonight, there is no comparison, not even by a long shot, and the mob the media -- well, that's their -- that was their attempted narrative. I don't think it's working.CLAY TRAVIS, OUTKICK FOUNDER: They can't defend Joe Biden. So they try to attack Trump. That's their entire game plan.Did you see earlier tonight? First of all, they've got Biden going up the baby stairs on Air Force One, and there's a report now -- there he is tripping on his way out to California to raise money from Hollywood donors. But there's a report now that when he comes down the baby stairs and I say the baby stairs because it's not the full stairs that you would usually exit Air Force One majestically wave and then go down, they have a Secret Service agent stationed at the bottom of the stairs to potentially catch him. This is what's going on.He's incompetent. He can't be president if he runs. He's going to get his ass kicked by Trump. I don't think he'll be the nominee.HANNITY: I tend to agree, and you're right, he was going up the little baby steps. He still can't make it without having a problem.Anyway, Clay, good to see you. Jason, thank you.More "Hannity" straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. That's all the time we have left this evening from Tucson, Arizona. As always, thank you for watching, making this show possible.And in the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.