MARK LEVIN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Now, if we are to be a Western enlightened society, then individuals like Letitia James, Jack Smith, Fani Willis and their ilk are to be condemned because while they're targeting Donald Trump and targeting people around Donald Trump, they're targeting us, they're sending a match to this republic and they are destroying it, every damn one of them.I'll see you next time on "Life, Liberty & Levin."TREY GOWDY, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Good evening and thank you for joining us. I'm Trey Gowdy and it is SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.The South Carolina primary is in the books and now it is on to Super Tuesday. Or is it?Former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley lost overwhelmingly in her own home state, but she vowed to stay in the race despite a string of losses.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R), 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm not giving up this fight when a majority of Americans disapprove of both Donald Trump and Joe Biden.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Meanwhile, even though it's late February, former President Donald Trump already has early November on his mind.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: And our party is full of energy like never before, and I mean it. There's never been unity -- there has never been unity in our party, just the fact, think of it, we've got a lot of primaries in this state. The fact that we got double the number of votes in history, there's never been anything like that.(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)GOWDY: I'm not a psychiatrist, but you don't have to be one to wonder whether the GOP is truly unified. I mean, just listen or watch or read.Prominent Republicans were booed at a Republican victory party last night. The person who joined arms with Democrats to overthrow a Republican speaker was cheered.Over half of Nikki Haley supporters say they will not support Donald Trump in November and Trump supporters would not support her either, for that matter.Republicans control the House, but only in name. The Senate GOP is fractured. The exit polling shows two parties under the GOP umbrella, and there's nothing new about that. What is new is these two parties, these two wings within the GOP seem to hate one another.But families fight and then they forgive and they come together and they move on and that happens all the time. Therapy can work. But the later you start, the longer it takes.And there was little talk of unifying the warring factions last night. The former president said the party was unified, but the crowd and the voters and his opponent are singing a different tune.Is a divided nation really ready for a nine-month general election? Does the GOP want to win? Or does the GOP want to keep fighting these internecine battles?Let's find out, Dr. Lauren Wright is an associate research scholar in Politics and Public Affairs at Princeton University and David Carlucci is a former New York state senator who served as a Democrat. Welcome to you both.Dr. Wright, I did not hear a unified party last night, and the exit polling suggests two factions within the GOP and they don't really seem to like each other. So are Republicans going to coalesce in November or does this fighting continue?DR. LAUREN WRIGHT, ASSOCIATE RESEARCH SCHOLAR IN POLITICS AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS: I mean, I couldn't agree with you more. What I see is historic disunity.We often forget that Nikki Haley is the last one standing, but it's not one, not two, but three former Trump administration members are running against the former president. That hasn't happened in almost 90 years since FDR's vice president ran against him. And so it's historic disunity.And when Nikki Haley makes the point that hey, 30 to 40 percent of the party is consistently voting for me, that's right. There is this anti-Trump weighing that is not pleased and I'm under no illusion, I don't think she'll ultimately get the job done. But I, Trey, happen to think it's healthy for the GOP to have debates about what leadership looks like on the world stage about moral and ethical issues where religion has a place in the party's platform.All of these things are painful, and sometimes embarrassing, but they do need to get hashed out if the GOP wants to ever win again.GOWDY: All right, Senator, let me first welcome you. This is your first time. Listen, we are delighted to have you.Things are not warm and loving. It doesn't seem like on the Democrats' side either. Let's listen together and then I'll get you to respond on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DON PEEBLES, FORMER OBAMA FUNDRAISER: I think that the Democratic Party should turn the page. President Biden wants to be a transitional president, I even said it on your show that I thought that he would be president and Kamala Harris would be waiting in the wings learning how to become president.I think she has disappointed a lot of people, including me, and I think that the team that's in place now ought to step aside. I mean, I don't see how he can beat Donald Trump.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Now, to be fair, that's just one voice, but polling indicates he is not alone in wanting President Biden to pass the torch. So do you think it will happen? That the torch will be passed before November and if it is passed, to whom will it be passed?DAVID CARLUCCI (D), FORMER NEW YORK STATE SENATOR: I don't think so. I think Biden is going to be the candidate.We saw in South Carolina, you're right, there's been a lot of subjective information, a lot of polls out there. But the most important thing to look at is the actual election results.And we saw on February 3rd in South Carolina, President Biden got 96 percent of the vote. That's a huge number. And that shows solidarity behind President Biden. Yes, there was about 130,000 people that voted and maybe it wasn't the most exciting campaign if you juxtapose it to what happened yesterday in South Carolina.But with that said, you have a sitting congressman, Dean Phillips, running an active campaign against the president, and there could be a huge protest vote. If we took all of the polling and all the anecdotal information that we hear from pundits, I would have expected a much bigger protest vote, but we didn't see that. Ninety-six percent of the voters voted for Joe Biden.So we got to look at -- you know, polls are a good indicator, but elections are even better and that's where I take my information from. So I think Joe Biden is on a clear pathway forward, and unlike the Republicans that are still hashing things out and trying to come together, the Democrats for the first time in a long time are really unified, and it is not necessarily that we think, you know, President Biden is the best thing since sliced bread. He's done a good job, and he is far better than the alternative with Donald Trump.GOWDY: You know, I don't know if they're unified or if they're just better at fighting in private. Republicans just seem to like to fight in public. But Dr. Wright, let me ask you, I mean, the border is more than just immigration and DREAMers and valedictorians and a path to citizenship, which is what it used to be. It's become a metaphor for what kind of country we live in.It's public safety as we saw in Georgia; national security, a nation of laws, not women and men. So are we headed towards an election of immigration versus abortion in November? Are those going to be the two dominant issues?WRIGHT: That would be a great guess, and immigration is not a good issue for Democrats no matter how you slice it. Biden has been very inconsistent on the one hand fighting to keep Trump era immigration policies on the books and court behind the scenes, while publicly bashing Trump and trying to do some of the same things.But you're absolutely right, the GOP has their own albatross around their neck and that is abortion and that was the biggest problem for them in 2022.I do think they're stuck with Biden. The only thing worse than Biden campaigning is Kamala Harris campaigning. She is more unpopular than he is and that's really saying something.CARLUCCI: Up until recently, I mean, you're right, the immigration issue has been front and center. People are very concerned with the migrant issue, but Republicans have just fumbled the ball.The fact that Democrats are coming to the table saying, yes, we need comprehensive immigration reform. This has to be a long-term solution. And what are Republicans do? The leaders in Congress say, no, we're not going to do anything.WRIGHT: Yes, they should have done something. I agree with that.CARLUCCI: And they are essentially taking that issue off the table. Yes, they're taking the issue off the table. That's why we did well in in Congressional District 3 in Long Island with Tom Suozzi, the congressional members saying, hey, elect me to Congress, and I'm not going to do anything.I'm going to just give all my power to Donald Trump. So why elect any of these members to Congress? So you the Democrats might have problems, but Republicans are doing much worse.GOWDY: You may be right, Senator, but ultimately, I don't know. Sometimes the jury apportions responsibility and blame its own way and we shall see in November, but this will not be the last time we have a chance to talk about these issues.I can't thank you both enough for joining us in the civil way in which you discuss these oftentimes divisive issues.Thank you both very much. We'll see you soon.CARLUCCI: Great to be with you.WRIGHT: You got it.CARLUCCI: Thank you.GOWDY: Likewise.Coming up, Hunter Biden is finally going to answer questions under oath. Maybe.Meanwhile, a star witness is now a defendant in a criminal case.Congressman Mike Waltz breaks that down for us.Plus, new evidence may contradict Fani Willis and Nathan Wade, but does it change the outcome in Georgia? Former federal prosecutor, Katie Cherkasky on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.House Republicans continue to pursue an impeachment inquiry on President Biden. The GOP majority is narrow. Republicans had several defections on the Ali Mayorkas impeachment and one potential witness for the prosecution just got indicted.This, as President Biden's brother, James testified the president "has never had any involvement" or "any financial interest" in his misadventures.Meanwhile, Hunter Biden is slated to be deposed this week, even though he's facing criminal charges.Joining us is Florida Congressman Mike Waltz who serves on House Intel and Armed Services and Foreign Affairs.Welcome, Congressman. Thank you for joining us.We do not get to pick our witnesses, many of them, trust me, I've spent two decades experiencing witnesses who carry baggage, practically and politically. How can you use a witness who is indicted for lying and now accused of working with Russia, practically, politically, how can you do that?REP. MIKE WALTZ (R-FL): Yes, well, Trey, you know, a couple of things with this FBI informant that Chris Wray himself said that is a reliable informant, a highly compensated one, and one that they have used for 14 years.So our question is, why was he fine the last 13 and have been used repeatedly by the Bureau on all kinds of cases. But now suddenly, he is now suddenly found to be lying on a 1023 form that the FBI refused to give the committee, fought hard to keep quiet? Wouldn't acknowledge even for the longest time until a whistleblower came out.And now, not only is he suddenly unreliable and now been charged, but he's an agent of Russian intelligence. Again, after 14 years and the FBI director's own words of being a highly compensated highly reliable informant. It smells to all get up.But at the end of the day, Trey, the facts still remain, that Hunter had zero experience by his own admission, and was paid over a million dollars a year to be on a board in one of the most corrupt countries in the world.And according to his own business partner's testimony, they had a DC problem, they called dad. And you know, just a little bit of time later, the prosecutor was fired.At the end of the day, that's an official policy position and withholding billions of dollars in aid, ironically, the same thing they went after Trump on, but Biden actually did, not just talked about on a phone call, actually did by his own admission.None of those facts can be changed despite Democrats trying to muddy the waters.GOWDY: You know, the Bureau also said Chris Steele was a reliable source and they paid him a lot of money. So maybe the Bureau was just really bad at judging character, which is not good if you're the nation's premier law enforcement agency.Your colleague, Jamie Raskin says the impeachment inquiry is over, that it's dead now, and you've got a narrow majority. The border is actually a really, really big issue. You're heading into November. Where in your judgment does the impeachment inquiry stand with all the other things going on in the limited compressed calendar that faces you all?WALTZ: Well , again, Trey, it's just worth reminding everyone. The inquiry status gives us additional standing in court to get things and documents and information that the administration, the Biden family is refusing to give us.For example, all of Biden's fake e-mail accounts that he sent out e-mails to Hunter's business partners, for which he claimed he had never contacted and lied in front of the American people.The National Archives has informed the committee that they can't give us those e-mails from his fake accounts because White House counsel, current White House counsel has told the National Archives not to give them to us.The inquiry gives us additional standing to get after those e-mails and those dealings with Hunter's business partners that he said he never dealt with. His tax records. At the end of the day, did he pay taxes on this money coming in? And are they using the loan moniker as an avoidance mechanism for paying taxes, which is a classic money laundering technique.In this case, Trey, we just -- we have an obligation to follow the facts. There is so much smoke and fire here. Clearly Hunter, thanks to the work of the committee is finally being indicted, but the ties to his father, we still have a lot to dig into.Of course, we have an uphill climb because the media doesn't want to talk about it. But at the end of the day, we have to go after it. And I think we will change some minds when we get to the bottom of the information that's still out there.GOWDY: Congressman, I noticed you were in South Carolina last night. If you need help finding a home, you let me know, we'll find you a great one. Love to have you here.In the meantime, thank you rejoining us on a Sunday night. Thank you for your service.WALTZ: All right.GOWDY: It's Days of our Lives in Georgia courtroom as Fulton County DA Fani Willis and her hand chosen prosecutor and former lover, Nathan Wade faced questions about their credibility.It is interesting, it's salacious, but is it legally relevant and sufficient enough to get them kicked off the case?Katie Cherkasky is a former federal prosecutor and current defense attorney and she joins us now.Thank you so much for being here. I like a good soap opera as much, I guess, as the next person does. But has defense counsel made the case for the disqualification of the prosecutors in your judgment?KATIE CHERKASKY, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: Well, this is definitely a great soap opera, although it's very sad, because there are defendants on the other side of this that have their lives hanging in the balance essentially.So I think we can take a look at what the Supreme Court said in 1935 about prosecutors and what they say is that a prosecutor may strike hard blows, but they are not at liberty to strike foul ones. And I think here, Fani Willis along with Nathan Wade is really on the verge of not only being disqualified from this case, but having this case dismissed with prejudice, because of these new text message and digital communication revelations.GOWDY: How do you view the standard? I mean, I, a million years ago was a prosecutor. We ran from the potential for conflict. We didn't want the appearance of conflict. But if the standard is actual conflict for disqualification, what does that look like? And how do you view the standard in Georgia?CHERKASKY: When you have a senior prosecutor, a DA, who is actually bringing on an outside contract attorney with no experience or very little experience, and paying them more than what other contract attorneys are being paid, and then seeming to get these benefits of some, you know, personal vacations out of it, then you have to wonder whether there's an actual conflict, whether she's actually benefiting from the relationship because of his involvement in the case, and whether there's any sort of impact on the case itself.Now, in terms of the disqualification, I think that it was kind of a close call before we knew that the timeline of the relationship may very well have existed long before the indictments and the grand jury portion of this case were even occurring.So now that it seems to be evident that there's strong evidence that this relationship began way before they both claimed it did, and that is putting aside the perjury, there is a question about the genesis of the case altogether and the propriety of the case altogether. And the question for the judge is not only do I need a new prosecutor on this case, do I actually have to get rid of this case altogether? Because the taint is essentially irreversible.So I think it's a matter of degree, but here, it's looking a lot more tainted.GOWDY: Yes, you're right. I mean, the new evidence impeaches their credibility and trustworthiness is always relevant and credibility is always relevant.Let me ask you this, the whole saga might well result in a delay for the former president and the other defendants, but if I'm a defendant, I think I want to be prosecuted by somebody who does real estate closings or drafts wills. I don't want someone with lots of prosecutorial experience, do I?So is it possible to win the battle and lose the war by getting these two kicked off the case?CHERKASKY: I think that's an interesting point. I think that altogether, though, the defendants are going to go for the gold here, which is the full dismissal, because how can you ever trust the propriety of this prosecution from the very beginning when you know that at least it seems Fani Willis was conflicted or at least appears to have been conflicted and personally involving herself in benefiting from this prosecution of all these people?So I see your point in terms of having a so-called less experienced prosecutor on there, but if you can avoid a prosecution altogether, then I don't think anybody's going to want to roll that dice regardless of how inexperienced they think a prosecutor might be.GOWDY: I look forward to talking to you next time. Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night.CHERKASKY: Thanks for having me.GOWDY: Up next, President Biden is finally considering taking executive action on the border. Gosh, I wonder what changed? Former acting ICE Director Tom Homan joins us right after the break only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)ASHLEY STROHMIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Welcome to "Fox News Live." I'm Ashley Strohmier in New York.Time is running out for Congress to pass a spending bill to avoid a partial government shutdown. Lawmakers only have until midnight, Friday. This as President Biden is stepping up his pressure on House and Senate leaders to reach a compromise in time.He is summoning them for a meeting at the White House on Tuesday. Those talks will also reportedly include renewed efforts in getting emergency aid for Ukraine and Israel passed.The government will go into full shutdown if there is no budget or stopgap by March 8th.And then NATO could soon have a new member, Hungary is expected to ratify Sweden's bid to join the military alliance as soon as tomorrow. It is the last holdout that needs to approve their application. Both Sweden and Finland applied for membership in 2022. It was after Russia launched its invasion into Ukraine.Finland officially joined last April.I'm Ashley Strohmier, now back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.For all of your headlines, log on to foxnews.com.GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.Sometimes hate can blind you, you dislike someone so much you refuse to concede they may have been right. I wonder if that's what happened when now President Biden undid everything his predecessor did when it comes to the border and immigration and chaos has been our constant companion ever since. Not just chaos, drugs, and violent crime and national security threat and voters are making their displeasure known.Some surveys rank the border number one on the minds of voters. So how can the border be the number one issue and states far removed from the border? Because the border and immigration are no longer happy talk among the media about DREAMers and a path to citizenship for valedictorians.The border is a metaphor for what seems to be broken in this country. Laws are ignored and drugs are killing Americans and the national security threat is real and nursing students are being murdered.People know that real nations have real boundaries and real countries know who's coming and why. And real nations protect women jogging not Venezuelan gangs. Having a border doesn't make you a racist or a nativist any more than having a fenced-in backyard makes you a bad neighbor.Biden seriously misjudged the mood of the American people. And now he's trying to backtrack as fast as he can and he is considering executive action because he knows the voters are blaming him for the disaster that is our southern border.But he is in a party that doesn't like fences except their own or cops except their own private security detail. So what will Biden do and more importantly, will the voters fall for it?Tom Homan is a former acting ICE Director and a Fox News contributor, and he joins us now. Welcome to you, Director.It wasn't that long ago that some in President Biden's party wanted to defund the police and defund ICE and I'm just wondering how well did that go over with the American people?THOMAS HOMAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Well, look, they never abolished ICE. So the talk was, you know, from the left, we're going to abolish ICE. And I said, from day one, they will never abolish a federal agency, but they'll abolish the mission, they'll starve them for money and that's exactly what's happened.ICE's mission is gone. I mean, 85 percent of the criminal aliens we arrested in the Trump administration, we can't arrest during this administration. And the money, as you can see from the stories, lately, ICE is releasing thousands of people because they don't have money for beds. They can't fill a bed for $117.00 a night, but we can give an NGO billions of dollars and put them in a bed at $500.00 night.So they've eventually shut ICE operations down, and I think American people are beginning to realize what just happened in Georgia and what's happening in New York and you know, all of these criminal aliens out and about now committing serious crimes against police officers and citizens.Now people understand, where his ICE? Where is ICE? Well, ICE has been shut down, their mission has been shut down. So ICE isn't looking for criminal aliens.GOWDY: And meanwhile, they are hearing President Biden claim what you're about to listen to. Let's listen to him together. I'll ask you a question on the other side.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Our laws and our resources haven't kept up with our immigration system and it's broken.And our politics has failed to fix it, so if this matters to you, it matters to your state, tell your members of Congress who are standing in the way, show a little spine, pass the Bipartisan Security Bill, notwithstanding you may reap the wrath of one or more of your colleagues.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: So I want to translate that: It is not my fault, blame Congress. That's a convenient talking point. I mean, Congress isn't popular, but President Trump did it without any help from Congress. So what's the truth? Whose fault is it?HOMAN: The fault is, he should -- President Biden should grow a spine. He came in office and wrote over 90 executive orders, abolishing everything we did to create the most secure border in my lifetime.He ended the remain-in-Mexico program. He ended third safe country agreements. He ended, you know, the detention of all illegal aliens, no more catch-and-release. He did away with all of that.You know, so he -- I agree with him, the immigration system is broken, but he broke it. We had the most secure border in my lifetime, because the actions by President Trump without the help of Congress, President Biden could fix the border tomorrow. He could put the remain-in-Mexico program back in place.The highest court in the land said it is legal. He can put the third safe country agreements back in. He can end catch-and-release. As a matter of fact, he should and catch-and-release because statute -- federal statute says as you know, when illegal alien enters the United States without proper documentation, the statute says they shall be detained. That's what the law even calls for, but he is ignoring the law.So he can fix this with a stroke of a pen tomorrow, but he spent three years doing everything he can to create this open borders. He hasn't done a damn thing to slow the flow. Now he wants to blame Congress and Republicans. It is disgusting.GOWDY: Yes, blaming Congress is always convenient. In this case, it just doesn't happen to be accurate. Tom Homan, former ICE director and who knows, if there's another Republican administration on the horizon, you may be in that one, too. Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night, and thank you for your service to our country.HOMAN: And thanks for having me. I appreciate it.GOWDY: Compromise, as a small constituency, by that, I mean, our culture tends to reward the loudest voices, but maybe there is a hunger, quiet at times, but a hunger for reasonable solutions which involve compromise.We actually do it in our everyday lives all the time. It's just considered a curse word in politics for some reason. One person not afraid to try and work things out is Pennsylvania Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick.Congressman, thank you for joining us. Welcome.The Senate foreign aid bill seems unlikely to pass the House, but yet a majority of Americans want to provide help to Israel, Ukraine, Taiwan, and secure the border. Do you believe that can all be done? Tell us how.REP. BRIAN FITZPATRICK (R-PA): Yes, Trey. Thanks for having me.We have a bipartisan proposal in the House. And by the way, you know, we're not going to allow the perfect to be the enemy that good here because we're dealing with both time sensitive and existential matters first at our own southern border, and also with Ukraine, Israel, and Taiwan.So in the past seven days, Trey, the city of Avdiivka has fallen. A very, very pivotal city in the Donbas region, now has a Russian Federation flag flying over and 200 families also in the past seven days, 200 American families had to bury their children due to fentanyl overdoses that can be tied directly back to our southern border.These are all time sensitive. They're all existential. And, you know, the Senate bill just doesn't -- I don't believe has the votes. It certainly -- it is probably not going to be able to get on the floor. So we want to get something done.We have a bipartisan proposal. It's equally balanced between Democrats and Republicans. It reinstitutes remain-in-Mexico, reinstitute its Title 42 without the public health requirement, and it also provides military defense spending only to Ukraine, Israel, and Taiwan.GOWDY: Congressman, let's start overseas, if you will. Let's listen to President Zelenskyy. Let's listen together and then I'll have a question for you on the other side.FITZPATRICK: Yes.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CHIEF POLITICAL ANCHOR: You know, we talked earlier about what happens if the US for some reason does not give you the funds. Do you have another option? Is there another option?VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY, UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT: You understand that this help is crucial, so without it, sorry, but we will have more and more such heroic guys who will be in the hospitals because if you don't have a real defending shield, some similar powerful artillery with the rounds, of course you will lose people.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: You just came back from overseas. Our colleague, Bret Baier just had a riveting interview with President Zelenskyy. We just saw some of it.Others, though, Congressman, are giving a platform to Vladimir Putin. So where did this pro-Russia wing of the Republican Party come from?FITZPATRICK: Yes, Trey, this is one of those areas. We see it in certain issues where the liberals and the libertarians sort of are together. I don't know where it's come from. It's a very isolationist view of foreign policy, which I think is incredibly dangerous. I think it's naive to world history, particularly World War Two history.And it's no different than the bully in the schoolyard, Trey. The bully will steal your lunch money every single day until you stand up to them.Vladimir Putin is a bully and Ukraine is the frontlines of freedom versus dictatorships, and this battle was already fought in World War Two. Democracy won. Democracy won over communism and dictatorships. And we have a rise of dictators across the globe that are now trying to re-litigate the outcome of World War Two and we have to make sure that they are not successful.GOWDY: Congressman, you always had a reputation for trying to work things out and find solutions and it is good to see that has not changed.Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night. We wish you well.FITZPATRICK: You bet. Thanks, Trey.GOWDY: Coming up, if we thought the cell phone outage this week was bad, wait until China launches a real cyberattack.South Dakota Congressman Dusty Johnson just returned from Taiwan where the China threat has been looming for decades and he joins us next only on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.A bipartisan delegation of US lawmakers went to Taiwan this week. It was led by Mike Gallagher, the chair of the Select Committee on China And they met with Taiwan's president.There's a bipartisan support for the US-Taiwan partnership which Chairman Gallagher described as "stronger and more rock solid" than ever.But would the US really come to Taiwan's aid if China did attack and while China is unlikely to launch a ground invasion here, the cyberattacks are growing.This week AT&T customers and others faced widespread outages due to what the company called a failed software update. But Republican Senator Marco Rubio warns that cellphone outage pales in comparison to what a real Chinese cyberattack would look like.Joining us to discuss the threat from Beijing, South Dakota Congressman Dusty Johnson.Congressman, welcome. Thank you for being here. It's just -- it's not just you and Chairman Gallagher and Senator Rubio, the head of the FBI is warning about potential cyberattacks and I don't want to unnecessarily alarm people, but they need to hear the truth.So what is Chris Wray talking about? He's now twice warned us about what could be coming?REP. DUSTY JOHNSON (R-SD): Oh, the Chinese Communist Party, they have invested tremendous resources, Trey in cyberattack capability and they are good at this. They're working with some of the most expert proxies in the world, and you're right, these attacks are already a daily part of life in Taiwan.When we were there the last few days, we're talking about 20 million attacks a month. The Taiwanese military alone is suffering 3,000 attacks a day from the CCP and their partners. This is a real threat.GOWDY: Congressman, do you think the US militarily, would the American people support a military defense of Taiwan if China were to attack? And I ask because there's this growing dove wing within the Republican party, and I guess our policy toward China has the word ambiguity in it, strategic ambiguity. I am not smart enough to know what that means. Maybe it's so ambiguous, it has fooled me, but do you think the US would really defend Taiwan if China attacked.JOHNSON: Listen, I am a Reagan Republican, Trey, peace through strength. But more than anything, more than saber rattling, what we need to do is make sure that Taiwan has the tools they need to defend themselves.We're doing a pretty terrible job of that right now. There is a $20 billion backlog in arm sales. Again, these are not giveaways. These are arms that the Taiwan government has already paid for, agreed to pay for and we are not doing a good enough job of making sure that they get what they need to defend themselves.This doesn't have anything to do with Ukraine. This is things like F-16 fighters that we have just had a hard time delivering to Taiwan. If we want to avoid war, and everyone should want to avoid war. We need to make sure that deterrence is in place, that is going to mean a strong Taiwan military.GOWDY: Look, it's a long trip to Taiwan, the fact that you went should mean something to your colleagues. What will your message be to them when you see him again on the floor of the House? What's your message about Taiwan to your Republican colleagues?JOHNSON: What we heard in Taiwan is the same thing that I heard from Tony Blair, the former prime minister of the United Kingdom when he visited Congress here maybe two years ago now, he said y'all's political dysfunction is a global security threat.When America is mature, when we are responsible, when we are calm, the world is a safe place. Trey, when we are bickering and fighting and snarling at one another, when we are beset by gridlock, the world is a more dangerous place.Putin loves American dysfunction. Xi Jinping loves American dysfunction. Iran, North Korea, all of the bad guys love American dysfunction.And so when we dither over whether or not we will support our allies in Israel, Ukraine, and Taiwan, the bad guys win. We've got to pull it together.GOWDY: Thank you for joining us on a Sunday night and thank you for taking the time away from your family and all the other things you could be doing in South Dakota to go visit Taiwan. That's not an easy trip. So thank you for doing that.JOHNSON: Thank you, Trey. And you're exactly right about Gallagher, we're going to miss him.GOWDY: Yes, sir.Up next, Florida is trying to pass a social media ban for young people. Will it work? Is it constitutional? That's next on SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)GOWDY: Welcome back to SUNDAY NIGHT IN AMERICA.You may recall a couple of weeks ago, Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg did this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARK ZUCKERBERG, CEO, META: I'm sorry for everything you have all gone through. It's terrible. No one should have to go through the things that your families have suffered. And this is why we invested so much and are going to continue doing industry efforts to make sure that no one has to go through the types of things that your families have had to suffer.(END VIDEO CLIP)GOWDY: Sorry for what, Mark? I mean what exactly are you sorry for? Sorry you provided a forum for bullies who exploit children? Sorry, so many young people are suffering from depression and loneliness and thoughts of suicide? Sorry so many parents are burying their children?I mean, talk is cheap especially for a billionaire, so, if you're really sorry, what are you doing about it? You can spare us the sermon, show us something and it shouldn't take a Senate hearing for social media companies to figure out their products are used in dangerous and deadly ways.They know and have, but some people value money at the expense of pain and grief and anguish.But this week, Florida passed a bill that would block children under the age of 16 from using social media platforms. The bill prevents young teens from creating social media accounts and deletes existing ones.Governor Ron DeSantis says he agrees with the sentiment but fears it won't withstand legal scrutiny. So what now?We're joined by two people who have lived in this space for years, Kara Frederick, tech policy, director of the Heritage Foundation, and Emma Lembke, founder of the Logoff Movement. Welcome to you both.Kara, the bill is no doubt well-intentioned. The damage done by social media is real, but are there legitimate concerns it can pass constitutional muster?KARA FREDERICK, DIRECTOR OF TECH POLICY, HERITAGE FOUNDATION: I think there's always a concern. You know, this is why our states are our labs of democracy and we see the same thing happening like tomorrow, Monday, the Supreme Court is going to hear oral arguments along the lines of these specific bills, social media, censorship bills that were passed in Florida and Texas.Florida is again leading the way when it comes to requiring reasonable age verification by third parties for these platforms. So it is a great strong stance. So I say that these states have to keep forging ahead and do the most important thing, which is to protect our children from the predations of these Big Tech companies.Parents, like myself are outgunned. We need legislative help.GOWDY: All right, Emma, assume arguendo, the bill is constitutional. How in your judgment will or can it be enforced because young people do lots of things the law like prevents and alcohol, cigarettes, vaping. They are age laws for all of that, and people find their way around it. So how can this be enforced?EMMA LEMBKE, FOUNDER, LOGOFF MOVEMENT: That's a great question, Trey. I really believe that that's the issue at hand that we're facing. Young people understand how to get around limits. They have for years in many different avenues. So social media is no different.The genie is out of the bottle. Social media is here to stay. Therefore, we have to look at other ways to go about designing platforms for young people.Rather than just putting up bans, we need to really critically investigate how we can hold these tech companies accountable. So that the onus doesn't fall on the parent or the user, it falls on them to protect young people and their mental health.GOWDY: All right, I'm going to ask you both the same question because neither one of you are old enough to be a senator. But one day, you might be.Kara, we'll start with you. What would you ask the Mark Zuckerbergs of the world to do if you were on the Senate Judiciary Committee? And then Emma, what would you? You testified before a Senate committee, but let's assume 30 years from now, you're actually a senator doing the questioning? What would both of you ask. Kara, you go first, and then, you Emma.FREDERICK: Okay. I wouldn't ask, I would say, Mark, you have to cauterize the wound here. Stop the bleeding. And the first thing that means stop designing products, as Emma said so well, stop designing products with addictive features to willingly draw in kids.There was a very interesting data point that came out of the Facebook whistleblower, Frances Haugen, those documents that said Facebook was actually creating teams to draw in younger and younger users. They considered and I quote, "preteens" a valuable but untapped audience.So stop that first and foremost, and then as Emma said, secondly, design these products, so you don't have to retrofit legislation like bans as Emma said.But right now, I'm sorry, you've got to stop the bleeding. You've got to cauterize the wound, you have to ban especially for minors under the age of 16. You just have to stop and then design with privacy, with empowering parents, with stringent default settings in mind if you're going to design these products to begin with.LEMBKE: Exactly.GOWDY: All right, Senator Lembke.LEMBKE: I want to echo everything, too. I really do believe what we have to say is empty words are costing us lives, the lives of young individuals, the lives of the next generation and their mental health.We need to see tech companies actually step up and take action to design products, so they are not addictive and they're not taking advantage of the brains of young people across our country.We need to demand better and we need to see results, and right now we're not seeing them, therefore the status quo cannot maintain.GOWDY: And I'm grateful to both of you for sharing your expertise with us on a Sunday night.FREDERICK: Thanks, Trey.LEMBKE: Thank you.GOWDY: And thank you for spending part of your Sunday with us. I hope you have a great week ahead.Until next week, you can find us online at Gowdy America or on "The Trey Gowdy Podcast." Good night from South Carolina.