TRACE GALLAGHER, FOX NEWS HOST: Servicemembers after the invasion, the island served as an emergency landing site for B-29 bombers, saving the lives of 24,000 Americans. Tomorrow on Special Report, we hear from South Carolina voters ahead of this weekend's primary. Thanks for watching. I'm Trace Gallagher, I'll see you back here on Fox News at Night.LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle. Thank you as always for joining us. Tyrants in training. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.Is Donald Trump at risk of being America's first real political prisoner? I thought a lot about this over the weekend. Now, with the unconscionable financial judgment in that New York civil fraud case, the Fani Willis debacle in Georgia, the efforts to knock Trump off state ballots. And of course, let's not forget Jack Smith's January 6th criminal prosecution. What else are Trump's supporters supposed to think?Now, there are various ways that despots cling to power. Political opposition is eliminated through censorship of opposing views, intimidation of free thinkers, through harassment, and also show trials, of course, and imprisonment of the opposition. That's all part of it and then there's always the threats to family members and financial ruin.Well, Donald Trump is facing all of that. Now, how do we know this is all political? Well, aside from New York's totally novel application of fraud statutes or Fulton County's spurious claims that Trump is running some kind of RICO enterprise. There's this obvious point, had Trump just quietly retired from politics, none of us would have heard about Letitia or Fani or Jack.Russia and its Biden era ally China, well, they're pros, aren't they at destroying dissent before it gets too powerful? They're brutally vicious and efficient. China subjugates and tortures Uyghurs Muslims, Russia crushes the pro-freedom protesters and prisons Navalny, then announces his sudden death.Now, anyone who challenges the ruling authority now knows the same fate can happen to them. Now, by the same token loyalists who prove themselves to be real followers of the movement, well, they get special privileges and accolades. And that's exactly what the leaders of the get Trump crew are hoping.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ERRIN HAINES, EDITOR-AT-LARGE, THE 19TH: Watching this, you can see, Fani Willis was, if standard on business was a witness. I also saw today, frankly, was a clinic in black womanhood.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He's a fraudulent businessman, and eventually those House of Cards fall down. But Tish James was really smart.LAWRENCE O'DONNELL, MSNBC HOST: There were many winners today, when the Court of Appeals opinion was issued, Special Prosecutor Jack Smith and his brilliant legal team.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: With the communist dictators now, we know what we're getting, right, we're getting tyranny. Dissent is not tolerated. Period. Of course, all supposedly to protect the tranquility and security of the Motherland bowl. And North Korea, Russia, China, the rule of law is perverted, and it's weaponized against inconvenient forces. Everyone knows the game. Security forces, government lawyers, judges, they're not independent. They're all political hatchet men for the Communist Party.And since 2015, when Trump announced his run for the presidency, official forces in Washington have been unleashed on him. From the deep state to the Russia hoax to the low life DA in Manhattan. They call him pro-Putin as they scramble to put him in jail, bankrupt him, and even come after his family. And by the way, they brag about it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)LETITIA JAMES, NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL: I'm going into the Office of Attorney General every day, suing him, defending your rights and then going home. We will rise up together, and we will resist this president. And ultimately, we'll bring him down.CROWD: Donald Trump has got to go.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: And Friday, she bragged about getting her political scalp, claiming it was going to help the little guy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JAMES: Today, the court once again ruled in our favor, and in favor of every hardworking American who plays by the rules. Donald Trump and the other defendants were ordered to pay $463.9 million.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: This is not what America is supposed to be. This is Soviet style political persecution. Trump's original appeal came from his message that the American system run by and for the globalist had become rigged against our middle class. That's why he got so much publicity. That's why people flocked to him in 2015 and 2016. He focused on our trade policies, been sending millions of jobs overseas. We engaged in too many endless pointless costly wars. We had an out-of-control, unaccountable permanent bureaucracy and of course millions of illegals were crossing the border.And America hating radicals were taking over the schools. Of course, in all of that he was right. But in their quest to not merely drive him from politics, but to destroy him personally, they've damaged every institution that used to have prestige, and respect.Now, New York had the crown as the financial capital of the world. But today, what entrepreneur would take the risk in New York now? You get sideways with Letitia or someone like her and you can lose everything. For no wrongdoing, by the way, Jonathan Turley put it well, saying the impact on New York business is likely to be dire. New York has already viewed as a hostile business environment with the top end of its tax base, literally heading south as taxes and crime rises. This draconian award is only going to deepen concerns over the arbitrary application of the law.Now, Governor Hochul, she knows this is going to backfire. But of course, that's a price she's willing to pay. Her political machine has told her to destroy Trump, and she's going along with the plan.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GOV. KATHY HOCHUL (D-NY): I think that this is really an extraordinarily unusual circumstance that the law-abiding and rule following New Yorkers who are businesspeople have nothing to worry about, because they're very different than Donald Trump and his behavior.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Weak, weak, weak, weak, Trump literally defrauded no one. And look, since COVID, many wealthy New Yorkers, they've left, right. Left New York taking their business with them. This is just another reason for all of them to bolt, and they will.Now, Governor Hochul has proven that if you offend the wrong people, they will try to ruin you. It's not just the corruption in the court system. It's the FBI, the CIA, the DOJ, the SEC, the FCC, the corporate press, even the military, all these institutions are supposed to exist for all of our benefits. Regardless of politics, politics should never come into play.But about half of the voting public now believes that those institutions for the most part are just tools of the DNC. You don't play ball or you're a disrupter, think Elon Musk or Trump, and they will eventually make you pay big time.Now, let's be clear. Trump got 74 million votes in the last election and those people contribute trillions every year to our GDP. So, they're all Russian sympathizers and they're all potential insurrectionists, a mega MAGA monster class. Of course not. These are decent patriots who simply want the government to work for the American people. There are none so blind than those who refuse to see. And in their rabid zeal to stop Trump, the establishment has not only sacrificed their reputations, but the credibility of key American institutions.At this point, every country in the world understands that the FBI and the CIA are nothing more than branches of Biden's reelection campaign. That's a terrible message to send to the world. By laying waste to their own institutions, the establishments setting itself up for a major loss. Even if they finish off Trump legally, politically, financially, they're going to be shocked to discover that for many, many years to come, their position will be significantly weaker, because so many voters and so many leaders in other foreign countries will know beyond any doubt that U.S. institutions have been weaponized for short-term political gain.So. people like Biden, Blinken, they can huff and puff about Putin all they want, but to the rest of the world, they're going to just look like hypocrites who will do whatever it takes to destroy their own political opponents. Look, if they have their way, Trump would rot in jail for the rest of his life. We all know that. But when Biden talks about democracy or freedom or following the constitution, that is just empty rhetoric, no more meaningful than the phrases we hear from dictators all over the world.We can only hope that the voters correct this situation and give us a government that truly respects the will of the people, otherwise, this notion that America stands for freedom and liberty will become harder and harder to take seriously. And that's the Angle.Joining us now Sol Wisenberg, former Deputy Independent Counsel and Fox News Contributor. Sol, Fani Willis spoke at a church over the weekend and said the Scripture people keep sending me is no weapon formed against you shall prosper. But just because they don't prosper, it doesn't mean they won't form, even if you feel like everything, you're doing in your life is the right thing. So, Fani is the victim it looks like here. Sol Weisenberg.SOL WISENBERG, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, this is very serious. This is the second time she has made extra judicial statements that are likely to affect the outcome of the case. It's totally unethical. It's a valid ground, I think, to have her taken off the case and to have the case dismissed.Now, the much worse thing she did was several weeks ago when she appeared at the oldest African American church in Atlanta and said that her -- the defense attorney opposing her were racist. That is unquestionably unethical. It's tainting a jury pool that overwhelmingly elected her and why aren't more people talking about this? Why aren't -- I'm only aware of one person in the mainstream media who has commented upon this and condemned it. So, it's very disturbing.INGRAHAM: Well, Sol, on this New York, Letitia James case and the Judge Arthur Engoron judgment, I mean it took my breath away when I first saw it on Friday. This is an effort to drive him not only out of New York, but out of business and that message to other entrepreneurs or businesspeople in New York is.WISENBERG: Don't screw with the uniparty. And it's not just political candidates, though they're the most in danger. Any really, truly radically conservative candidate is in great danger by this kind of activity. All you need is a biased result-oriented judge and a DA who actually runs on indicting you.But really, anybody is at risk, any business that runs afoul of the progressive orthodoxy, it can be on any of the hot button social issues. So, I think it's going to have a real effect. It's real, should be very embarrassing to the state of New York. And again, I can't emphasize it enough. She ran on a platform of getting Trump and then oversaw the case. Totally improper in my view.INGRAHAM: All right, former prosecutor Andrew Weissman, along with other Far Left prosecutors are out circling the wagons for Judge Engoron. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANDREW WEISSMANN, MSNBC LEGAL ANALYST: This is really a decision that will cause a lot of pain, not just because of the number, but because of the way in which the company has restricted going forward. It's a very, very severe decision.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Sol, they want Trump to not be able to move freely even in his own companies. They have a minder in his company. They've barred him from having anything to do with it for three years. His sons, they're obviously severely restricted as well. I have never in my life witnessed anything like this when there is actually no victim and when the banks is a good friend of mine, mentioned me over the weekend, did their own due diligence on these loans.WISENBERG: There's no loss, the judge crows about that in the opinion, he says really you don't need it under this statute. And what he's doing is he is disgorging ill-gotten gains by Trump, allegedly ill-gotten gains. But if there's no financial loss by anybody, if people like Deutsche Bank testified, we wanted to do business with him, we did our own due diligence, how can there be improper gain to be disgorged?And as for -- as for Mr. Weissmann, he's an expert on prosecutorial overreach. As you know, it's almost unheard of. You really have to be pathetic to have a judge mentioned your Brady violation and an opinion and that is what happened with him several years ago when he was a prosecutor.INGRAHAM: Sol -- yes, Sol, any chance we get to bring that up is a good night for me? Sol, thanks so much.All right, we're just days away from Trump taking on Haley after -- on her home turf, the latest on the state of the races, next. Plus, a behind the scenes look at our Trump townhall in Greenville, South Carolina tomorrow night, so you don't want to miss it. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Oh, we're just days away from the South Carolina primary, where Nikki Haley is down 31 points in her home state, according to the RCP average. But Haley thinks the nomination is hers to lose.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NIKKI HALEY (R) 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I'm not stopping. I'm not going anywhere. We're going to do this for the long haul and we're going to finish it.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Does that mean you will not support him if he's the Republican nominee?HALEY: That means I'm going to run and I'm going to win. And you all can talk about support later, right now you can ask him if he's going to support me when I'm the nominee.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Joining me now, Victor Davis Hanson, Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution and Ben Domenech, Editor-at-Large with The Spectator and Fox News Contributor. Victor, I know politicians always do this until the last minute when they do drop out. But this is kind of what happened to Jeb Bush in Florida all those years ago in 2016. So, is she essentially what, working for Biden at this point? That's what the conspiracy theorists think.VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Yes, she's getting close to that point. I mean, there's a lot of strategies. George Bush and you remember in 1980 kept at it, even though he didn't have a chance to win, and maybe Reagan in 76 didn't -- he lost the first seven, but he was polling ahead in all the subsequent primaries, and he won his home state by 65 points.So, I don't see any of those scenarios for her. I guess maybe she thinks Donald Trump might have legal problems and be a nerd, and then she would step in. And the only other alternative is she's going to go the full Liz Cheney, Laura, and just become a never Trumper. I don't know what the strategy is, she's hurting her chances for 2028.INGRAHAM: Well, Ben, she obviously has an enormous amount of money that the plutocrats have poured into her coffers. But if she wants to have a political future at all, I mean, she's -- and I said this after Iowa, if she wants to have a political future drop out after Iowa. She didn't, and obviously keeps it going, keeps it going. But at this point, what is the point other than to help Biden?BEN DOMENECH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I'm going to disagree slightly, and it's always a bad idea to disagree with Victor Davis Hanson. But I'll disagree slightly only in the sense that I don't think she has any shot in 2028. So, I don't think that it's actually going to hurt her chances to stick around, because they were so low anyway.Look, Nikki Haley represents the past, she's a callback to -- the before time and long ago, really in a way, I think that what she represents is, sort of the last ditch act of a Republican Party that wants to be more corporatist, less populist, and less in touch with its own voters. And I think that that's unfortunately, the person that you ended up with as the last fallback, in case of Donald Trump having the kind of legal problems that you referenced.It's something though that I think is increasingly unlikely. That's why you see the desperation from the Joe Biden White House, because they thought they had all these outs, they thought that they had all these opportunities to undo Donald Trump's success this year through legal means, and yet what we see after the Fani Willis situation and everything you represented in your opening monologue, those chances are going away very rapidly and the American people are seeing through them, which means you're going to have to beat Donald Trump, on your own terms, something that looks increasingly unlikely for Joe Biden to be able to do.INGRAHAM: I want to get back to the destruction of these time-honored institutions in a moment that the Democrats are willing to just sacrifice in their mania about Trump. But the publisher, The New York Times over the weekend said that Biden is a historically unpopular incumbent and the oldest man to ever hold this office, we've reported on both of those realities extensively and the White House has been extremely upset about it.Victor, the word came out over the weekend that the White House is furious that the press is finally picking up on the fact that Biden is deteriorating and has been for quite some time before our eyes. They are mad about it.HANSON: Yes, I think it just feeds into this scenario that you have a cognitively challenged president in an unprecedented fashion. He's unpopular. Every one of his issues is unpopular, and they're headed for defeat, they think not anybody else, they think. And so, then that -- that puts the onus on Fani Willis, Alvin Bragg, Jack Smith, E. Jean Carroll, you name it. Alvin Bragg, and what they're trying to do is to achieve something that they either can't do at the ballot box, or they have no popularity, they have no agenda.And so -- and I think Nikki Haley doesn't understand that she's getting into a situation by this sharp upping the criticism of Trump. People view her as on that side, Laura, on the lawfare side, of a system that's doing everything it can to destroy Donald Trump, because they have no other option, because they're not on the right side of history on the issues. And as I said earlier, and everybody I think agrees that he's a nerd. And the question isn't whether he'll make it the next four years. The real question is, is he going to make it in the next nine months?INGRAHAM: Victor and Ben, thank you. Great to see both you. All right. Now let's go live to Greenville, South Carolina, where our team is still working hard behind the scenes to get everything set up for tomorrow's hourlong town hall with former President Trump. I'll be there in a few hours. See it for myself. But joining me now is Fox News Contributor, Raymond Arroyo. All right, Ray, you get to see it before I do. How's it looking out there?RAYMOND ARROYO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Laura, it's incredible. I mean it's really like a prize fight ring behind me. I'm going to be in your corner. I'll be your cut, man. It's going to be incredible. Hundreds of people will be standing and sitting behind us tomorrow. This is of course the scene for tomorrow night's Trump town hall. Ingraham, Trump together for the hour.And Laura, in a little bit, I'm going to be joined by a group of undecided voters. I've been talking to them all afternoon. The things they've told me. It's curious what the big issues are this year for them, what's holding back their vote, and we're going to share all that before the show is over.INGRAHAM: Do we have any tchotchke or anything that we're going to hand out or is it just like, like, like regular candy?ARROYO: Maybe I'll bring some --INGRAHAM: That's all I care about --(CROSSTALK)ARROYO: Mardi gras, I'll see what's in my bag --INGRAHAM: OK, great.ARROYO: We can do some Mardi gras --INGRAHAM: Going back --ARROYO: -- towards at the end.INGRAHAM: All right, Ray. All right, Raymond. I will see you later in the show with our undecided voter panel, next. The real reason that Europe needs us to pay for NATO. Tulsi Gabbard is here to respond, next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: It was so damaging when Trump said that he would choose Putin, and, actually, encourage Putin to invade NATO allies.UNKNOWN: And why is Donald Trump so enamored of Putin? Well, part of it is, he's a wannabe dictator. He even said the other day, let's basically get out of NATO and, you know, encourage Putin to do what he wants.JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: He said if an ally did not pay their dues, he'd encourage Russia to, quote, "do whatever the hell they want."(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Reality check. Europe has been free-riding on the American taxpayer and the American military for now close to, what, eight decades? And even though, all combined, it still has a GDP pretty much matching ours, it's incapable of defending itself. The New York Times is even reporting that the Munich security conference scuttlebutt was that the most striking thing in the conversations about Russia was a widespread acknowledgment that Europe's military modernization plans, first announced nearly two decades ago, were moving far too slowly to match the threat that Russia now poses.Joining me now, Tulsi Gabbard, former Hawaii congresswoman, Fox News contributor. Tulsi, Donald Trump said you have to pay your own way That is your obligation, 2.5 percent of your GDP to your military. Most nations still haven't gotten up to that level. But Trump's the pro-Putin sympathizer just for saying that?TULSI GABBARD, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, Laura, you've seen this tactic before when the Biden administration and Hillary Clinton and all these warmongers start fearmongering. It's because they're trying to distract American people away from what's actually happening. And when you look at what Trump is doing, he's talking about very real issues that the American people care about. He's talking about how our open borders -- Biden's open borders are destroying our country. He's talking about the rising inflation. He's talking about rampant crime in our streets.And now with NATO, he is forcing the American people and NATO members to be confronted with some very serious and important questions. For us, what is the role of NATO? Does our membership in NATO serve our national security interests? And if it does, then how much are we, the American people, willing to put on the line in our taxpayer dollars and in American lives? And how much are these NATO members willing to put on the line in their money and the lives of their citizens?We cannot allow ourselves, the United States of America and the American people, to continue to be in this position where these NATO members expect us to put up our money. They expect us to put up the lives of my brothers and sisters in uniform to protect them when they're not even willing to do that for themselves.INGRAHAM: Well, I want to remind everyone what Donald Trump said about NATO, which caused such a huge controversy back in 2017. They never forgot this. Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT, 2024 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: NATO members must finally contribute their fair share and meet their financial obligations. Twenty-three of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should be paying. This is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States. Over the last eight years, the United States spent more on defense than all other NATO countries combined.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: He uttered that which you're never supposed to utter, that everyone's supposed to pay their fair share. Now, there's been some improvement, Tulsi, on this. But clearly, Europe still, even the New York Times had to concede, quoting those officials in Munich, that they're still not anywhere near where they have to be if they think Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia and Ukraine are going to be invaded by Vladimir Putin tomorrow.GABBARD: That's right. You know, it's interesting that Biden and Hillary Clinton and these warmongers, they don't want this conversation to happen. And they don't want this very simple question to be asked is, why does it take Donald Trump to try to pressure these countries into paying the bare minimum to maintain their membership in NATO if they were really that concerned about Russia invading their countries and the safety, security and well-being of their citizens?Don't you think that they would be lining up and making these investments in their own security, putting themselves on the line to defend themselves? This is a harsh reality that we need to be confronted with here in our own country. And these NATO members need to be confronted with as well.INGRAHAM: What do you think the reaction would be, Tulsi, if Biden and Kamala Harris and Blinken, they went around to college campuses and they basically made the pitch for the U.S. to go to war for these, you know, former Eastern European countries. And, I mean, do they think that was -- I think that's going to work politically for them, that there's a groundswell of a desire for us to go really all in?GABBARD: And this is really the sad and sickening truth, is that people like Blinken and Hillary Clinton and others who are so willing to go and wage these wars in other countries, they are willing to sacrifice other people's lives. I've been to Ukraine a few times. I went there actually during my R&R, during my deployment to Iraq in 2005, made some great friends there in Ukraine, who are terrified now that their husbands are going to be forcibly drafted to go and fight in this war. They're angered that the United States has stood in the way of attempts to bring about a peaceful resolution to this war.And once again, who is behind this and who is profiting from it? Ukrainian lives are being sacrificed. Almost 500,000. And you have these people who are fueling the military industrial complex saying, no, keep fighting this war, because they're not willing to put themselves or their children on the line.INGRAHAM: Tulsi, great to see you as always. Thank you. All right, as Texas locks down its border, Chinese nationals are bum-rushing California. A disturbing new report from the ground is next. Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)INGRAHAM: Four men are accused of robbing and strangling a 49-year-old man over the weekend in Chicago. New reporting suggests they may be here illegally. Joining us now with all the details is Fox News correspondent Dan Springer. Dan, what can you tell us?DAN SPRINGER, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Yeah, Laura, this happened Saturday afternoon, and by all accounts was a violent crime on a Chicago Transit Authority train that was in downtown Chicago at the time. Police say a 49- year-old man was beaten, choked, and robbed while riding that train. There was a quick response, and police arrested four suspects within 45 minutes, they range in age from 18 to 22. All are facing serious felony charges of robbery and aggravated battery strangle.They all gave the 300 block of South Plymouth Court as their address. And we know that there is a large city-run migrant shelter in what was a longstanding private club in that block. It opened last May with more than 700 migrants and could go up to 1,200.Chicago police would only say that, quote, "our office cannot confirm an individual's legal status or exact address of residence." Since August of 2022, Chicago has received over 35,000 migrants bussed or flown up from the southern border, 13,000 of them have been moved to shelters, and it's costing the city a fortune.The governor and the Cook County board president have just asked the state legislature for another $250 million to deal with the crisis. The city has already spent nearly double that already. There is growing tension in the city over what to do and how much this should cost.The four men accused of this crime are currently being held and are expected to be in court tomorrow. Laura.INGRAHAM: Dan, thank you. Now to Jacumba, California, where illegals are pouring in from around the globe. Fox News national correspondent who's been all over this, Bill Melugin, has all the details. Bill.BILL MELUGIN, FOX NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Laura, good evening to you. Over my shoulder, you can see a camp full of illegal immigrants from all around the world, including China and the Middle East, as this area about an hour east of San Diego is a new cartel smuggling hotspot.And take a look at this video we shot earlier this afternoon here in Jacumba. Remarkable images showing a huge, long line of migrants scaling a massive, steep, rocky mountain in an effort to get into Jacumba here. They climbed over the Mexican side and walked down this mountain. Incredibly dangerous. Eventually all of them made it down to the bottom, and I talked to some of them. They came in from all over the place. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: Where are you guys from?UNKNOWN: Colombia.MELUGIN: Colombia. Where are you from?UNKNOWN: Colombia.MELUGIN: Colombia.UNKNOWN: Brazil. I'm from Brazil.MELUGIN: Brazil.UNKNOWN: Kazakhstan.MELUGIN: Kazakhstan. Where are you guys from?UNKNOWN: Kazakhstan.MELUGIN: Kazakhstan. Kazakhstan?UNKNOWN: Yeah, yeah.MELUGIN: Kazakhstan? Where are you guys from?UNKNOWN: Brazil.UNKNOWN: Brazil.MELUGIN: Brazil.(END VIDEO CLIP)MELUGIN: In the meantime, over the weekend, Fox News cameras witnessed hundreds of Chinese nationals crossing illegally into this San Diego sector, including Jacumba. The numbers of Chinese are exploding, and this is not normal.And just to put it in perspective for you, take a look at this graphic. CBP sources telling Fox News in the last four and a half months since October 1, there have been more than 20,000 Chinese nationals encountered at our southern border. That is up more than 4,000 percent over all of fiscal year 2021, when there were just 450 migrants encountered.And Laura, the politics of the California border, obviously very different than Texas. Out here, there's no razor wire. There's no shipping containers. There's no state troopers. There is no National Guard. California is a sanctuary state, and they're not trying to stop any of this. We'll send it back to you.INGRAHAM: Bill, thank you so much. Next, a panel of undecided South Carolina voters, tell us what issues matter most to them, and what can Trump say tomorrow in our town hall to win their votes? Stay there.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNKNOWN: But the problem is, this is someone we're talking about could win the Republican nomination, and he's going to be in court March and April, May and June. He, by his own words, said he's going to be spending more time in court than he is on the campaign trail. That's a problem. Republicans will not win if Donald Trump is the nominee.(END VIDEO CLIP)INGRAHAM: Now, she's trailing in the polls by double digits, but did yesterday's Fox Town Hall with Nikki Haley move the needle ahead of Saturday's primary? What do voters need to hear from her or from Trump to make their decision?So, we decided to ask them. Raymond's back, and he's joined in Greenville, South Carolina by a panel of undecided voters, Jason, Tracy, Eric, Dakota, and Matt.All right, Ray, it's great to see the panel there. What's everybody saying?ARROYO: Well, you know, I asked everybody, Laura, before we started, what was the big issue for them, the number one issue as they go to the polls, and what was it?UNKNOWN: Immigration.ARROYO: Immigration. The border and immigration. Why? Jason, you are a pastor. Why are you concerned about this issue?JASON STRICKLAND, UNDECIDED VOTER: Just the amount of fentanyl and the drugs that are coming over. I've been to way too many funerals of people who have overdosed on fentanyl. and the resources that are being used to house migrants could be used to help the homeless here.ARROYO: Tracy, you're also very concerned about the border and what to do about the 10 million people who have come into the country under Biden.TRACY ALDERSON, UNDECIDED SOUTH CAROLINA VOTER: That's what I'm worried about, the logistics of finding these people and sending them back home. Now, Nikki Haley said E-Verify is what she would use, and that's great, but criminals aren't looking for jobs, and E-Verify won't affect them. So, I'd like to know how we can get them before they commit a crime.ARROYO: Dakota is a student here in South Carolina. You're concerned about the border. Why? You would think students wouldn't be concerned about this.DAKOTA WILKINSON, UNDECIDED SOUTH CAROLINA VOTER: I'm honestly really concerned because at school I studied criminology, and my colleagues are just talking about it all the time about the fentanyl epidemic that's coming from the border and how it's just ravaging even our campus.ARROYO: And Matt, your big concern?MATT GOINS, UNDECIDED SOUTH CAROLINA VOTER: Well, you know, the wall has not been completed. We've got to get that done. But I've also never met an American who would open the door and let someone in their house if you don't know who's coming in or who's on your front doorstep.ARROYO: Erick, I know this is another burning issue for you. You were very impassioned about it earlier.ERICK BROWN, UNDECIDED SOUTH CAROLINA VOTER: Yes, human trafficking for me, the part of that destroying our America as far as the thought of children being molested, it just sickens me.ARROYO: Rips you up. Yeah, me too. Laura, I know you have a question for the panel.INGRAHAM: Well, I'd like to know what everyone thinks about the additional request for $60 billion more for Ukraine. Trump tried to get $5 billion for a wall, and that was summarily rejected during his time in office. So that it put us up into about $160 billion for Ukraine, and they're now, obviously, at a stalemate there.ARROYO: Yeah. OK, who supports more funding for Ukraine? Oh, I got one in the back. Matt's doing this. Why?GOINS: Well, I'm all about defending Ukraine from Russia, but I would at least like to know where the money is going to. There's got to be some sense of accountability, and we continue to send so much money, but when is another country going to pay their way?ARROYO: Yeah. Go ahead, Tracy.ALDERSON: I'd like to see us squeeze Russia financially, so they're not able to continue the war, more than just throwing money at Zelenskyy and not knowing where it's going.STRICKLAND: I would like to see, you know, accountability. Where's the money going? Who's getting it? Are they, you know, Ukraine just lost the city, and they said they had no weapons. Where's the money for that?ARROYO: Yeah. I know that some of you also were very concerned about inflation and what it's doing now. That was kind of the second-tier issue. Why is that so important? How are you feeling in this community, Erick?BROWN: Going to the grocery store, you can't even buy a hamburger, make a hamburger helper nowadays. It's so expensive. For the average family, they can't afford it. What are they going to do? They can't afford it.ARROYO: The other big issue, you heard Haley raise a little bit of it. She has made the age of Donald Trump and Joe Biden central to her campaign. Does Donald Trump's age concern you all?UNKNOWN: No.ALDERSON: No.UNKNOWN: Not me.ARROYO: No.WILKINSON: I would say, in general, we should try to go more towards younger people running for office.ARROYO: Uh-huh. OK. Laura, you had another question.INGRAHAM: Well, I think the bottom line is, what do you think our role should be in the world when we're $37 trillion in debt and we can't defend our own border? I mean, people are being called pro-Putin sympathizers if they don't think we're spreading ourselves too thin.Do you think the pro-Putin sympathizer line by Haley and others, is that fair or accurate given what so many voters and, obviously, Trump believes here?ARROYO: No. Go ahead, Jason. I see you nodding.STRICKLAND: Yeah. No. You know, like I said, we're spending way too much money. No American veteran should be homeless in this country.ARROYO: Matt, you wanted to add something?GOINS: I would agree with what he said. You know, it's not necessarily that we're standing by Putin by not, you know, supporting funding for the Ukraine. The issue is, we need to know where the money is going and why haven't other countries who want Ukraine to win this war, why haven't they paid their fair share?ARROYO: Yeah, Tracy, they really have tried to pitch this, though, as if you don't support sending more money to Zelenskyy and Ukraine, you're a Putin sympathizer.ALDERSON: How about becoming energy independent and squeezing Russia out of all the oil that he's selling to Europe and China and whatnot? And then he won't be able to fund a war.ARROYO: Dakota, you have any concern about this?WILKINSON: Yes, I definitely think that energy independence is very important. We built two big docks in Germany to give them energy because we were making it under the Trump administration, and now those docks are not being used because Biden cut it all down and we need to go back to that --ALDERSON: He's still on pipeline.ARROYO: He's still on pipeline.ALDERSON: Go.ARROYO: Yeah. And what do you make of Nikki Haley's contention there that Donald Trump is going to spend the rest of the campaign in a trial, in a courthouse? Does that concern you?STRICKLAND: You have to look at just the charges in general, and you can actually see how bogus they are.ALDERSON: Bogus or not, he will be in court. And it is a little bit of a concern. I do think they're bogus, but it might be concerning.ARROYO: Erick.BROWN: So far, all of these cases have actually helped Trump in the polls.ARROYO: Yeah, he's grown. He's grown. So, it doesn't seem to be hurting him.BROWN: No.ARROYO: Go ahead, Laura. You wanted to ask something else.INGRAHAM: Dakota. Yeah. Dakota, the issue of gun control that they like to call gun safety is something that the left thinks will really get suburban women out there and other young people that they're concerned about that. Do you think that's something that will be an effective push for the Democrats?WILKINSON: I definitely do. And I think the Democrats are going to play their games like they usually do. But at the end of the day, this is a constitutional issue. And they need to understand that in the Constitution, it plainly states what we have, and that's the Second Amendment. That's freedom to the right to bear arms.And I think that we need to not be looking at taking that away. I think that that's going to be very important. I know that my members in my college Republican chapter think it's very important.ARROYO: Matt, you voted for Donald Trump last time. You're not this time. What's holding you back?GOINS: I wouldn't say I'm not this time. I wouldn't classify it as that. The thing that I want to hear about Donald Trump for quite some time, we've been hearing the vendetta. I want to hear his plan to move our country forward. Let's put the past behind, and let's move the country forward. Let's not worry about all who we have to pay back. Let's worry about how we can move this country forward.ARROYO: Laura, I'm going to let you close this out with the panel.INGRAHAM: Guys, what do you need to hear from former President Trump tomorrow to make your decision on whom you're going to vote for?BROWN: For me, how he's going to win. We've got to win. We've basically lost two national elections back-to-back. It's time to win. He said it's all about the winning. Let's win.ARROYO: What do you want to hear from him, Tracy?ALDERSON: I'd like for him to stop calling people names. And he's got really great policies. Let's hear about the policies and move on.ARROYO: OKSTRICKLAND: I want to see how he's going to bring inflation down, because, you know, the work I do, it's affected because I can't feed as many people as I normally would.ARROYO: Guys, we are out of time. Laura, we will see you tomorrow, and we're going to bring the panel back to let you know how things shook out, and their reaction to Donald Trump and the big town hall.INGRAHAM: Can't wait, Raymond. Thank you, panel. We'll see you tomorrow. I'll be there in a few hours. That is it for us tonight. Remember, tune in tomorrow, and if you have questions you want me to ask Donald Trump, you can tweet me or X me, whatever we're calling it now, and I'll consider actually asking those questions.And we'll be in Greenville, South Carolina. Very excited. This is going to be foreign policy, domestic policy, legal policy, the weaponization of government, the border, all the issues we care about. Jesse is next.