JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: She delivers an amazing performance, pretending she is eating or food in order to get ice cream afterwards. Take a look at this. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(END VIDEO CLIP)JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: Very good.PIRRO: Their mother says, eat that.DANA PERINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You know what, my sister Angie (PH) --WATTERS: All right.PERINO: She had that, a years ago, I'm going to say.WATTERS: I intend, I'm going to toss. Is that all right?PIRRO: You're going to toss?WATTERS: Goodbye, everybody.BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL ANCHOR: You know, Dana is always in charge, Jesse. Don't forget that.PIRRO: Yes.PERINO: I don't know what --BAIER: All right. Good evening. I'm Bret Baer.Former President Donald Trump, tries to get the criminal case against him in Florida thrown out. We have an answer from the judge.What have you could work 32 hours a week and still be paid for 40? Well, Congress takes a look at that. And we talk about the troubled present and uncertain future of college football with seven-time national championship coach, Nick Saban.But first, "BREAKING TONIGHT", Haiti is spiraling into chaos, political turmoil, and street violence. And there are still at least hundreds of Americans still on the island nation as of tonight.So far, it appears the Biden administration's message to those Americans in Haiti is you're on your own. The president's team says it is not preparing to assist in an evacuation at this point.Correspondent Gillian Turner is at the State Department tonight with the latest. Good evening, Gillian.GILLIAN TURNER, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Hi, Bret.There are potentially as you mentioned, hundreds of Americans trapped on the ground in Haiti tonight as the country teeters on the brink. And the state department says there are no plans to try and get them out either now, or in the future.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)MATTHEW MILLER, SPOKESMAN, UNITED STATES STATE DEPARTMENT: We are not actively planning for any evacuation --Or for years, we have been telling Americans do not go to Haiti. Do not travel there. It's not safe to do so.TURNER (voiceover): For the third day in a row, state officials insist they don't know how many Americans are trapped.MILLER: It's impossible for us to know for sure. There are several hundred Americans who have registered to receive more information.TURNER (voiceover): As U.S. Marines from an anti-terrorist unit land in Port-au-Prince, the Pentagon says they aren't there to help Americans escape either.SABRINA SINGH, DEPUTY PENTAGON SPOKESPERSON: We have installed additional security personnel there, but that's all they are doing is just securing the embassy.TURNER: Haiti's most notorious gang leaders, including Jimmy Barbecue Cherizier, a former police officer are leading the charge. They are now in control of the city, having shuttered government buildings, roads and the airport.State officials say policies are in place to ensure U.S. aid does not get diverted to any gang leaders.The Biden administration may not conduct rescue operations. But today, Florida's Division of Emergency Management launched a portal of their own to help Floridians stranded in Haiti.Florida also deployed 250 border officials to the coast in preparation for a potential large wave of Haitians fleeing to the United States.MARIEGUERDA NICOLAS, UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AND HAITIAN NATIVE: Then, you're going to continue to have people who are -- you know, who will leave the country and find their ways when legally and illegally.TURNER: Lawmakers on Capitol Hill today with words of warning for the Biden administration, should they consider allowing them in?SEN. ERIC SCHMITT (R-MO): There is no way to be able to vet these people. So, we shouldn't be doing this right now. Clearly, Haiti is in turmoil, but to exacerbate our issue at our southern border or the illegal immigration crisis --(END VIDEOTAPE)TURNER (on camera): Well, tonight the Senate has actually confirmed a new ambassador to Haiti, it's Dennis Hankins, and welcome development at a critical time.But military experts say they are concerned about the potential for what they're calling an Afghanistan 2.0, Bret, a scenario in which Americans get left behind. Bret.BAIER: Gillian Turner at the State Department, Julian Thank you.Meantime, there are new developments, as we mentioned, in the classified documents case involving former President Donald Trump. A Florida judge held a hearing today to consider a motion by the Trump legal team to dismiss the charges. She has ruled on that this evening, and is deciding other elements of the case.Correspondent Steve Harrigan is in Fort Pierce, Florida tonight with the latest on what's happening there. Good evening, Steve.STEVE HARRIGAN, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret.This is really a case it is changing by the minute. This was a hearing. Today, Trump attorneys trying to get this case dismissed. They had two motions to try and dismiss this case.Just moments ago, we heard from Judge Cannon, she denied one of those motions. So, there is still one motion out there hanging. If the judge denies that as well, this case would be go on as scheduled.It's not clear yet whether or not she's going to do that. But throughout the four hours in court today, there was some real skepticism on the part of this judge.She said dismissing this case might be premature. She also said it might be better left to a jury.Throughout the case today, Trump's attorneys tried to make the argument that Trump is being selectively prosecuted and he did nothing other than presidents all the way back to George Washington and hanging onto documents.The prosecution said he hung on to classified military documents that were not his property, that he knew he was doing wrong.So, really, it's a question. One motion denied, a second motion still out there. She denies this. The case will go on, scheduled to start in May. It could be pushed back though, to the summer. Bret, back to you.BAIER: And see, we're tracking all of these different cases. There is also a development today in the former president's New York criminal trial.HARRIGAN: That's right. Prosecutors agreed to give the defense another 30 days. And you really have to have a scorecard to keep up with everything but one key factor in all four cases, and that is time. Timing is a key instigator in all this with a presidential election just eight months away. Both sides trying to either hurry or run the clock out. Bret?BAIER: OK. Steve Harrigan in Fort Pierce, Florida. Steve, thanks.President Biden on the campaign trail today in the crucial swing state of Michigan. It's a place where many pro-Palestinian voters refuse to cast ballots for the president in this month's primary election there, you will remember.Meanwhile, Vice President Kamala Harris making a stop at an abortion clinic today. White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich has details live from the North Lawn. Good evening, Jackie.JACQUI HEINRICH, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT: Good evening, Bret. President Biden's in Michigan today trying to wear down former President Trump's three-point lead there in a new Quinnipiac poll, while also quieting discontent within his base over his refusal to call for a ceasefire in Gaza.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Do you agree with Chuck Schumer that Netanyahu should go?HEINRICH (voiceover): The Biden administration and Democrats on Capitol Hill responding to pressure from within the party's base. White House officials meeting with Arab and Muslim leaders in Chicago, after slapping new sanctions on Israeli outposts and settlers in the occupied West Bank, continuing warnings against operations in Rafah, with civilians sheltering there.Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, the highest-ranking Jewish official in U.S. history, stepping back from Israel even further.SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): We should not be forced into a position of unequivocally supporting the actions of an Israeli government that include bigots who reject the idea of a Palestinian State.I believe a new election is the only way to allow for a healthy and open decision-making process about the future of Israel.HEINRICH (voiceover): Israeli war Cabinet minister, Benny Gantz, outraged. Saying, "Citizens will decide its future and leadership. Any external interference on the matter is counter-productive and unacceptable."Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell echoed.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY): It is grotesque and hypocritical for Americans who hyperventilate about foreign interference in our own democracy to call for the removal of a democratically-elected leader of Israel.HEINRICH (voiceover): The Biden campaign saying this to voters upset with his support of Israel.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: There is no comparison that the threat that Donald Trump poses to democracy.HEINRICH (voiceover): The vice president pressing that point at an abortion clinic in Minnesota today.KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The former president is the architect of the health care crisis and the extremist. Well, they are not done.(END VIDEOTAPE)HEINRICH (on camera): Harris's visit to the clinic is part of a five-state swing in her fight for reproductive freedoms tour. That's a message that's been energizing Democrats. She's been highlighting stories of doctors who were criminalized and patients who had to travel to receive care from restrictive states. Bret.BAIER: Jacqui Heinrich live in the North Lawn. Jacqui thanks.Stocks were down today as bond yields spike and retail sales missed expectations.The Dow lost 138. The S&P 500 finished off 15. The NASDAQ fell 49.Tonight, the Biden administration is reeling from a ruling forcing it to unwind dozens of border security projects worth about $2 billion with a B. It is money, some say, should only be spent on a border wall.National correspondent William La Jeunesse takes a look at the situation tonight from Los Angeles. Good evening, William.WILLIAM LA JEUNESSE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Well, Bret, we're talking about several projects, agents consider important to border security. Sensors, roads, and cameras that enhance the existing wall.Yet, this ruling creates another border headache for the president, caught between this decision and his own words.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: There will not be another foot of wall constructed on my administration.LA JEUNESSE (voiceover): President Biden may be forced to eat those words after a federal judge ruled Friday, the administration illegally diverted several billion dollars earmarked for the border wall.CHRISTOPHER HAJEC, DIRECTOR OF LITIGATION, IMMIGRATION REFORM LAW INSTITUTE: It cannot be spent for anything other than wall construct construction.LA JEUNESSE (voiceover): Attorneys involved in the case, say Congress, in the Trump years appropriated money, specifically for a barrier system along the southwest border.On taking office, President Biden canceled the wall prompting Texas and Missouri to sue.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you believe the border wall works?BIDEN: No.LA JEUNESSE (voiceover): Last week, Judge Drew Tipton, a Trump appointee sided with the states ordering the administration to spend the money solely on construction of physical barriers, such as additional walls, fencing buoys, et cetera.HAJEC: It definitely is a victory. It's a rare case where the court has ordered the administration to do something that will actually be effective in stemming the tide of illegal immigration.LA JEUNESSE: President Trump built 455 miles of wall. Since then, President Biden used remaining wall money for cleanup and environmental restoration.But contractors say those funds also paid for projects like this one, where crews prepared on Wednesday to install cameras and sensors along the border near San Diego.CESAR GARCIA HERNANDEZ, LAW PROFESSOR, OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY: The position that the Biden administration takes is we need to have that discretion. Right? Seeing to make good faith determinations about how to best effectuate immigration policy.(END VIDEOTAPE)LA JEUNESSE (on camera): So, the administration today asked the judge for another week to wind down this project, and see if any can be saved.Contractors down there tell us they've begun securing equipment and preparing you abandon these work sites in the days ahead, as they anticipate no appeal, and no more funding. Bret?BAIER: We'll follow it. William, thank you.Up next, some lawmakers want you to work less. A 32-hour work week. Sounds pretty good. Right? But those extra hours off may make things even more expensive.We'll explain.First, "BEYOND OUR BORDERS" tonight. Officials in Russia say Ukraine fired at least eight missiles at the Belgorod border region. A local governor there says a car was hit and the driver died. Six others were injured. It was not possible to independently verify the Russian claims.This comes on the two-year anniversary of the devastating attack by a Russian projectile that killed two of our colleagues, Pierre Zakrzewski and Sasha Kuvshynova and grievously injured correspondent Benjamin Hall.Pope Francis says he has no plans to resign and he is not suffering from any health problems that would require him to do so. The pope makes the comments in a new autobiography being published next week.Tuesday is the 11th anniversary of his installation as pope. And this is a live look at Barcelona, Spain. One of the big stories there tonight, Spain's parliament approves a controversial amnesty bill aimed at forgiving crimes committed by a Catalan separatist during an attempt to hold an independence referendum six years ago.Socialist Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez has promoted the amnesty as a way to move past the 2017 secession attempt.Just some of the other stories, beyond our borders tonight. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Senators from both political parties urging Congressional leaders to ensure that more visas are made available to Afghans who worked alongside U.S. troops before a crucial pathway to safety closes. More than a dozen Republican and Democratic senators say Congress needs to raise the limit on the number of special immigrant visas the U.S. can process for Afghans. They say an additional 20,000 are needed before the end of the fiscal year in September.TikTok CEO Shou Chew refused to answer questions today about whether the Chinese government has influence over the popular social media app. This comes as lawmakers maul a ban on the platform. Chew says it does not make sense to sell the app.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Why wouldn't you just sell?SHOU ZI CHEW, CEO, TIKTOK: The bill is 12-pages long. We have looked at it. It is not feasible to do whatever the bill thinks it does within the -- within the perimeter set out in the bill.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: To divest the company?CHEW: So, this bill, in all the details, you can go through the details, this is -- this will lead to the banning of app in the country.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Chew insists the company has worked for two years on a firewall to seal off U.S. user data from unauthorized foreign access, namely China.So, how does a 32-hour workweek sound to you with no decrease in pay? It sounds pretty good, right? Well, if Senator Bernie Sanders gets his way, it could happen. A Senate hearing was held today on his proposal. Senior Congressional Correspondent Chad Pergram is following that on Capitol Hill tonight.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CHANNEL SENIOR CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): Working hard or hardly working. The left says the 40-hour workweek is antiquated. Senator Bernie Sanders introducing a bill pushing for 32 hours a week.SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT): This is not a radical idea.PERGRAM (voiceover): Time is money and finite.SHAWN FAIN, PRESIDENT, UNITED AUTO WORKERS: When my members look back on their lives, they never say I wish I would have worked more. What they wish for is they wish they had more time.PERGRAM (voiceover): Senator Sanders wants A.I. to reduce work, but experts testified that's unproven and they're leery of the government setting standards.ROGER KING, H.R. POLICY ASSOCIATION: Don't have Congress impose this on employers or employees.PERGRAM (voiceover): Slicing the workweek could hike business costs.SEN. BILL CASSIDY (R-LA): This would be napalm upon the fire of inflation.PERGRAM (voiceover): Companies may need to hire additional workers to cover that fifth shift.KING: If you can't fill the productivity gap by cutting back hours or making some adjustments in your business, you pass on added costs to the consumer.PERGRAM (voiceover): But firms which slash the workweek claim an extended weekend supercharges employees.JON LELAND, CO-FOUNDER, WORKFOUR: Workers are much more focused that they are better rested. You weren't churning through them.PERGRAM (voiceover): Less work means more leisure time. Connecticut Democrat Chris Murphy questioned if more hours on the job explains why fewer people attend church these days, 20 percent fewer than a quarter century ago.SEN. CHRIS MURPHY (D-CT): You don't have time to go to Wednesday night bible study. You might not have the ability to even attend church services on a Sunday.(END VIDEOTAPE)PERGRAM (on camera): Then there are wages. Federal workers say President Biden's budget plan to raise pay by two percent is not enough especially with the economy heating up. Bret?BAIER: Chad Pergram on the Hill. Chad, thanks.SpaceX's mega rocket blasted off on another test flight today. It went farther than the previous two attempts. But the spacecraft was lost as it descended back to Earth. The company says it lost contact with the vessel as it neared its goal, a splash down in the Indian Ocean about an hour after liftoff from the southern tip of Texas. Two test flights last year both ended in explosions minutes after liftoff.Up next, the SAT is making a comeback and it's not quite standardized anymore. We'll show you. First, here's what some of our Fox affiliates around this country are covering tonight.Fox 11 in Los Angeles says a landslide reduces a house under renovation to a jumble of lumber. It pulled -- it pulled the pool and deck away from the second home and left the pool at a third residence on the edge of a huge fissure. An initial search found no victims, but several people were evacuated from one house there.Fox 5 in New York with the search for a suspect who allegedly threw cans of fire at a group of people in a subway station. Video appears to show the suspect holding two burning cans while standing at the station's turnstile. He then throws the flaming cans at a group of strangers on the platform.And this is a live look at Seattle from Fox 13, one of the big stories there and really all across the country tonight. It is National Pi Day, 3.14, March 14th, in which the scientific community and the world at large celebrate and recognize the mathematical constant of Pi. It symbolizes the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter. Many restaurants and stores offer discounts relating to actual edible pies. So, happy Pi Day!That's tonight's live look outside the beltway from SPECIAL REPORT. We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: Major storm dumping heavy wet snow in Colorado forcing flight cancellations and shutting down a highway that connects Denver to the Colorado ski resorts. The storm began Wednesday night and is expected to continue through Friday morning.Meantime, violent weather hits parts of Kansas and Missouri last night. Some storms brought massive chunks of hail. Listen to this. One expert called it gorilla hail. The National Weather Service described it as apples-sized.There's some big changes underway for high school students. The new SAT pre-college exam is much different than the one previous generations endured. Fox Business Correspondent Kelly Saberi shows us tonight from Evanston, Illinois.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)KELLY SABERI, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT (voiceover): The first group of students sat down for the newly revamp SAT just days ago. Not only is the college entrance exam shorter, it's also now entirely digital.PRISCILLA RODRIGUEZ, COLLEGE BOARD: The timer is there on the testing app. You have time to go forward, go backward, flag questions for review, change your answers.SABERI (voiceover): And for the first time, the test is in an adaptive format. Subjects are split into two sections. The first half is the same for everybody but the questions in the second half depend on how students did in the first. Harder questions for those who did well, easier questions for those who did not.NICHOLAS GIORDANO, CAMPUS REFORM: I don't know necessarily think it's the best model going forward. I think that we need to view it with a skeptical eye.SABERI (voiceover): It's raising questions about fairness and leaving some to wonder if the test can still be considered standardized. The College Board is confident in the algorithm and the new format.RODRIGUEZ: It can help with kind of just focus and motivation.SABERI (voiceover): The majority of U.S. colleges and universities made the SAT optional as a result of testing issues during the pandemic. Some of the biggest names in higher education are reversing their decisions. Among them Yale, Dartmouth, MIT, and Georgetown are all again requiring scores to be considered for admission.Former Purdue president and Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels was part of the decision to reinstitute the test requirement there.MITCH DANIELS, PURDUE UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT EMERITUS: We used a combination grade points, nature of the high school, the courses a student took. But no combination that omitted standardized testing was nearly as predictive or as accurate in telling us which young people could succeed.(END VIDEO TAPE)SABERI (on camera): Daniels says schools need the SAT as a way to look at college ability. As some U.S. high schools have been inflating these students' grades without any regulation, he says some students won't succeed where they are admitted without it. Bret?BAIER: Thank you.We are experiencing a rapid expansion of the power of big technology, but unfortunately, we're not expanding our power grid at the same pace. That's leading to warnings of possible power shortages in coming years. Correspondent Griff Jenkins has details tonight from Ashburn, Virginia.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)GRIFF JENKINS, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Virtually everything we do -- scrolling, streaming, swiping, and texting -- runs through data centers on servers behind the windowless walls of these monstrous buildings. It takes an enormous amount of power to keep them running, and parts of the country are struggling to keep up.DAN BROUILLETTE, EDISON ELECTRIC INSTITUTE CEO: Demand is going up and our generation sources are going down. So at some point those lines cross and we have a problem and the lights go off.JENKINS: Former Energy Secretary Dan Brouillette says slow construction of new power sources and the push to convert to green energy could risk temporary power outages in places seeing data center growth, and the rise of A.I. data centers, in particular, is adding pressure to the power shortage.BROUILLETTE: They are enormous. They range in size, obviously, from roughly 600 megawatts, 700 megawatts, up to maybe a gigawatt or maybe 1.2 gigawatts. And to give you some sense of that scale, a gigawatt is about one nuclear facility.JENKINS: Once the scene or rolling hills and vast farmland, Loudoun County, Virginia, just 30 miles west of D.C., now housing 35 percent of worldwide data centers, with the power needed to run them expected to double in the next five years. The chairman of a local group called Loudoun's Future says he is not opposed to the new industry but worries where it's headed.JOHN LOVEGROVE, LOUDOUN'S FUTURE PAC: We support data centers, but we support them with the appropriate planning in place to make sure that they are not going to cause brownouts in the grid and they're not going to cause problems down the road.JENKINS: But some activists say enough is enough.The message is pretty clear. Why do you feel no new data centers?RACHEL ELLIS, COALITION TO PROTECT PWC: Data centers use too much land, too much power, and too much water. It's time to protect our citizens.(END VIDEO TAPE)JENKINS (on camera): Data center companies say they bring economic growth and tax revenue to areas like this while keeping in line with environmental standards. But that didn't stop Loudoun County's board last night from rejecting a bid for construction of a new center out of concerns over power sourcing. Bret?BAIER: Griff Jenkins in our drone crew in Virginia. Griff, thanks.Up next, we talk to iconic college football coach Nick Saban about the big changes in the sport and what he sees for the future.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NICK SABAN, FORMER COLLEGE FOOTBALL COACH: We really are creating a circumstance here that is not beneficial to the development of young people, which is why I always did what I did.(END VIDEO CLIP)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DARREN HEITNER, NAME/IMAGE/LIKENESS ATTORNEY: So you have coaches, you have athletic directors, actually asking the common fan to take out their hard earned money and to support the collectives that in turn are paying the players.JAMES PHILLIPS, ATLANTIC COAST CONFERENCE COMMISSIONER: This isn't about reducing NIL opportunities. This is about fairness in college sports.NICK SABAN, FORMER COLLEGE FOOTBALL COACH: It's whoever wants to pay the most money, raise the most money, buy the most players is going to have the best opportunity to win. All the things I believed in for all these years, 50 years of coaching, no longer exist in college athletics.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: So tonight we're going to discuss the major changes affecting one of the nation's most popular sports, college football. Players are being legitimately paid in some form for the first time. You have NIL. That stands for name, image, likeness. The top valuations in college football and college sports, there you see Bronny James, Arch Manning at the bottom. This is millions, $4.9 million, $2.8 million. Spending estimate for year three of NIL, again, name, image, likeness deals, $1.17 billion.Recently retired seven-time national championship coach Nick Saban has some serious concerns about where the system is heading. He spoke, as you heard there, with congressional lawmakers earlier this week. He joins us tonight. Coach Saban, thanks for being here.NICK SABAN, FORMER COLLEGE FOOTBALL COACH: Great to be on. Appreciate you having me, Bret.BAIER: Coach, is this the reason, this NIL change, that you decided to retire?SABAN: No, not at all. I just never wanted to see the program go down. And I felt whether it was recruiting or hiring coaches, and people wanting to know how long are you going to be there. When you are 72 years old, it gets harder and harder to promise people you are going to be there for four or five more years. So I love coaching. We adapted well to the system. At Alabama we were one of the haves in this new current system, even though I see some serious problems with it moving forward in the future.BAIER: Well, so the genie is pretty much out of the bottle here, it seems. It's not going back. But you mentioned the problems, you talked about that on Capitol Hill. What do you think the solution is?SABAN: Well, I'm for college athletes. And I'm for college athletes having a seat at the table to try to come up with a solution for all of this. But instead of having a collective driven name, image, and likeness, I thought a revenue sharing with name, image, and likeness would be a lot better system that would be able to continue -- we would be able to continue to support athletes and athletics in all sports.Football and basketball are going to be fine because they are revenue producing. But all the non-revenue sports have always been funded by the revenue sports, and we want to continue to be able to do that. So we've got to come up with a system that allows us to do that. And people giving all this money to collectives can give it back to the athletic department or to the university in some way that will be beneficial to creating opportunities for student athletes and helping them be successful.BAIER: So, in other words, either the conference, like an SEC, or the school itself pays these athletes a flat fee and then you let them all deal with their NIL rights on their own?SABAN: Yes, absolutely. A guy like Bryce Young who had several national commercials. Those weren't -- they didn't come from a collective. They were because he created a brand for himself which is what name, image, and likeness was supposed to be. And I think that should still exist for all players. But not just a pay for play system like we have now for whoever raises the most money in their collective can pay the most for the players, which is not a level playing field. And I think in any competitive venue you want to have some guidelines that gives everyone an equal opportunity to have a chance to be successful.BAIER: Do you think Congress is the answer on NILs, or do you think the NCAA itself can handle it?SABAN: No. I think the NCAA could handle it. But I think what Congress needs to do is we need some national legislation, because now we just have state legislation, and every state is different. That would protect the NCAA from litigation once we establish guidelines for the future of college athletics. But the litigation is what got us to this point right now. So, we have to have some protection from litigation. I don't know if it's antitrust laws or whatever. I'm not versed enough on all of that to really make a recommendation. But I do know that we need some kind of federal standard and guidelines that allows people to enforce their own rules.BAIER: You have got all these sport talk guys. They fill a lot of airwaves. Some of them very angry and fired up about what you are saying, saying that you personally made a lot of money coaching in the sport. You've had former players come out and defend you, one of them Ryan Kelly posted on X, "There are thousands of former players for him, Nick Saban, who are better men, husbands, fathers, insert career field, because he cared. He demanded the most on and off the field. Guys respected that standard. The college game needs that, develop boys to men."Here's Sportscenter host Scott Van Pelt on the state of recruiting. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SCOTT VAN PELT, SPORTS COMMENTATOR: It's fantastic players get to make money now, but every single coach in every single revenue sport, if you are paying attention, is saying the same thing. This is the only thing that any recruit is asking about now when they come on visits.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Yes, so how much money do I get? So it changes the whole deal, right?SABAN: Yes, very much so. But, really, you go to college to create value for your future. And I want the quality of life for student athletes to be the best it can be, and I think they should have a seat at the table, and I think they should share in some of the revenue. But I think it needs to be equal across the board so that a school that can afford more can't create an advantage for themselves just because they have more money to spend.But I'm all for student athletes. I want student athletes to have the best quality of life. We made a lot of progress in college athletics in the last few years with the changes we made. And most of those changes are good. It has enhanced graduation rate. It has enhanced personal development. I think we do a better job of getting guys ready athletically to play at the next level than we ever have.So some of those things are being hampered to some degree. And you can ask NFL coaches about that in terms of what are you getting now? Are you getting a player that's ready to play at the next level? What's going to happen to graduation rates in the future when people transfer two or three times, because each time you do transfer your chances of graduation diminish a little bit. So, all these things, I think, need to be taken into consideration when we plot a future that is going to be beneficial to the student athletes and their well-being, but also in the development that they can be more successful in life because they had a great colleges experience.BAIER: Yes, you've got the NILs. You've got the collective stuff. Now you've got the National Labor Relations Board, coach, certifies a union to represent Dartmouth basketball players. "Barring a successful appeal," according to the A.P., "the players and school will negotiate a collective bargaining agreement that would cover working conditions such as salary, practice hours, and healthcare benefits." What do you make about unionizing the Dartmouth basketball team?SABAN: Well, there's been a lot of businesses that have been successful and worked with unions for many, many years. So, I'm not antiunion by any stretch of the imagination. But I think this is -- if you make college athletes employees, there's some disadvantages to that. They can be taxed on a lot more things, on a lot of benefits that they get right now. Like we pay approximately $93,000 per student athlete when you take in all the support that they get, whether it's academic support, food, all the things that go into their scholarship. So, if they have to pay tax on some of those benefits, that's not going to be very beneficial to them. And I don't think that's something that we want.But you can have revenue-sharing in college athletics without making student athletes employees. And I think that's the reason that I'm so in favor of taking this route. I mean, if you are a music student and you create a new song and you do it in class, the university has the legal right to the patent, but you can collect money for that without being an employee. What's the difference for a student athlete who plays a sport?So I just want to replace the collective NIL model with a revenue sharing NIL model for the sports that do create a revenue. But everybody can still have name, image, and likeness opportunities, which is a good thing for student athletes.BAIER: Yes. You seem to have shut the door on returning to college football. Is the door closed to coaching down the road completely?SABAN: Hey, I'm looking for the new chapter in my life. I enjoyed coaching for some years. And again, age, this is a young man's game in a lot of ways. And I never wanted to ride the program down, and I didn't want my age to be a detriment to the University of Alabama, to the football program and the chances of it being successful. And it was inevitable that I had to retire sometime.So I love the players. I'll miss the relationships that I had with the players. I hate how this impacted some of the players and the people in our organization, but I'm looking forward to new challenges in my life. I'm not ready to quit working. So we're going to see how it goes.BAIER: I talked to a lot of politicians, coach. That sounds like maybe to me. Maybe NFL? Maybe something else?SABAN: Well, I'm going to work on TV and do some things like that, stay involved in football. I have businesses that I enjoy being a part of. And I got some good partnerships and relationships out there. So I still want to be a part of a team. That may not be in coaching, but it may be in something.BAIER: Yes. Many people say college football needs one commissioner, an overall commissioner. Are you interested in that?(LAUGHTER)SABAN: I'm interested in trying to help college athletes and college athletics be successful in the future, help people be more successful in life because of the college experience that they have, and improve their quality of life in a way that not only benefits them but also allows us to continue to create opportunities for multiple sports that are non-revenue sports. And I think that's important that we continue to create those kinds of opportunities. And the reason I'm visiting with you tonight is I'm very much committed to that. So how I can do that best, I'm not sure of. But I'm certainly committed to trying.BAIER: We appreciate your time. And the very last thing. You grew up in West Virginia. You are good buddies with Senator Manchin, Joe Manchin. He decided not to throw his hat in the ring in the presidential race. Do you think he should have?SABAN: Well, I love Joe Manchin. He has been a great friend for a long time. I think he is a moderate in the middle. I think a lot of people support a lot of his thinking. I certainly agree with a lot of his thoughts on a lot of things. And he's not afraid to speak out on things and try to make change. So I think he has done a good job for the state of West Virginia, and I think a lot of people would probably agree with that.BAIER: If the federal government, the administration and Congress, was a football team, and you were the coach, what would you be telling them right now?SABAN: I didn't know you were going to put me on the spot with all these things.(LAUGHTER)SABAN: I just think people need to work together and people need do what's best for the country. I think the current system we have puts a lot of pressure on our politicians to try to get reelected, and sometimes doing the right thing and getting reelected might not be the easier thing to manage. So, hopefully, we've got a lot of people there that are smart people that are going to do what's best for the United States of America.BAIER: Coach Saban, we really appreciate the time, and I know I asked you all kinds of things, but you answered it all and we appreciate it.SABAN: Well, I appreciate you and I thank you for having me on tonight. And God bless everybody out there. And we appreciate what you do to try to support college athletics, but we also want to make it successful in the future, so thank you.BAIER: All right, coach, thanks.Up next, the panel on the former president's legal landscape, President Biden's base politics, and the U.S. relationship with Israel, if we can get all that in.And, later, golf is a lot easier when you don't have to putt.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER, (D-NY) SENATE MAJORITY LEADER: Prime Minister Netanyahu has lost his way by allowing his political survival to take the precedence over the best interests of Israel. We should not be forced into a position of unequivocally supporting the actions of an Israeli government that include bigots.SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL, (R-KY) SENATE MINORITY LEADER: The Democratic Party doesn't have an anti-Bibi problem. It has anti-Israel problem.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Chuck Schumer with a big floor speech in the Senate about Israel, and it's a game changer, a lot of people are playing. Let's bring in our panel, FOX News senior political analyst Juan Williams, Katie Pavlich, news editor at Townhall.com, and Matthew Continetti, fellow at the American Enterprise Institute. Guys, I scrunched your time here, but we'll go around the horn on this. Matthew, first to you.MATTHEW CONTINETTI, AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE: Well, first, Bret, I think we should add Coach Saban to the panel next time. He had a lot to say.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: We kind of did here.CONTINETTI: Yes, we kind of did.Second of all, Senator Schumer's ridiculous remarks I think bespeak panic among the Democrats about the situation in Michigan, but it also speaks of the fantasy world that the Biden administration is living in. Israeli policies unified behind the destruction of Hamas. No change in leadership will alter that. And moreover, it won't affect the politics in Michigan, which they are concerned about losing the Arab American vote there because there are more pro-Israel voters in Michigan and across the country than there are pro-Hamas people.BAIER: "Politico" says "For Schumer, a typically pro-Israel voice in the highest ranking Jewish official in American history to make such comment seems like a green light for any Israel critic to say their peace." It is a change.JUAN WILLIAMS, FOX NEWS POLITICAL ANALYST: I think this is really an extraordinary moment, not only, obviously, in terms of Israel and our relationship with them at the moment, but in terms of American history. As you pointed out, he is the highest ranking Jewish elected official in the country as the majority leader in the U.S. Senate, and he is to the right of most American Jews when it comes to support of Israel. So, he is as staunch a supporter of Israel as anyone in the United States Congress. I guess you could go back to Joe Lieberman, the former senator from Connecticut. But to my mind, what you're seeing here is a clear signal to Israel, they are our top ally, that things have got to change.BAIER: OK, Katie?KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think it shows a big disconnect between the ideology of liberal Jews in America, Democrats panicking over their base, and Israeli Jews who are united against Hamas and taking them out. This did not land well in Israel. The current Israeli ambassador to the United States, Michael Herzog, said it was destructive to the common goals between Israel and America as an alliance. You had the former Israeli ambassador to the U.S., Michael Oren, saying that it was disrespectful to their democracy. And it's pretty amazing to see Chuck Schumer, the majority leader of the Senate, come out and say that a democracy where the prime minister is serving a four-year term, there needs to be new elections when he was democratically elected into that position.BAIER: Yes. Panel thank you for the lightning round. I will give you more time on a non-Saban night. Thanks.Finally tonight, a special day.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He takes that club up and out, a little bit of a hold off fade there with a wedge. This could be really good. Lookout. Lookout. Fox is feeling it, rolls it in for the hole in one.(END VIDEO CLIP)(LAUGHTER)BAIER: That's awesome. Ryan Fox needed only one shot on the iconic 17th hole at TPC Sawgrass today, home of the Players Championship. It's the famous island green, and you see that. He becomes the 14th golfer to record an ace in the hole in the tournament's 50-year history. Congratulations. Love to see it.Tomorrow on SPECIAL REPORT, we expect to learn whether the lead prosecutor in the election interference case against former President Trump in Georgia will remain on the team.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIAL REPORT, a little bit different tonight, but still, fair, balanced and unafraid. "THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" starts right now.