SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to HANNITY.And tonight in just moments we will bring you an explosive new report surrounding Hunter Biden, China and nuclear energy. John Solomon will join us with all these details. You're not going to get it from the media mob.But, first, do you ever wonder why -- do you ever wonder why your President Joe Biden is not allowed to answer impromptu questions? Hmm, a mystery, many people want to know. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Am I allowed to take any questions? Any -- anybody here has asked?I better not start the questions, I'll get in trouble.I'm sorry, I'm going to just the last question I'll take and I'm really going to be in trouble.I'm sorry, I'm going to get in trouble with staff I don't do this the right way. I'm going to get in trouble with my staff. Yeah, go ahead, I pretend that I didn't answer.You guys are bad. I'm not supposed to be answering all these questions. I'm supposed to leave.Thank you, and I'm happy to take questions if that's I'm supposed to do now, whatever you want me to do.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: White House staffers, campaign officials and the first lady, they all try their best to keep Joey away from the press and anyone else with a question. Anyway, even the Easter Bunny might recall once shielded Joe from answering questions on the White House lawn.Well, today in Michigan, more of the same. At one stop, the press pool, they were confined to a tent that was 20 feet away. No one could really hear what the president was even saying and, of course, reporters -- they were blocked from asking any questions. He might get in trouble. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BIDEN: Can I take a couple of questions?UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We're going to take a few questions.STAFFERS: Thank you, guys. Thank you so much. Head back to the cars. Thank you. Back to the cars. Thank you. We're happy to (INAUDIBLE). Thank you.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Joe, you're the president of the United States. You're now running for reelection, but you have to ask your staff if you can take a question, seriously?Now, unless the reporter's name as we know and picture and pre-planned topic is written on a giant no card ahead of time, he may not get his ice cream and everyone's going to be mad at him and everything. It's not acceptable.Many in the press corps just don't really seem to care or even bother to ask why. Guess it's part for the course with Joe.Now the answer is obvious. Joe's a cognitive wreck. Everybody knows it. So he's clearly not capable of performing the duties of his jobs.You know, he's obviously not jacked up Joe like he was at the State of the Union, screaming his -- screaming his speech to an entire country and every day when he's not jacked up Joe, he gets worse and worse.It's no secret that his vice president, by the way, could be called into action at any moment and that would be a huge problem because almost nobody actually likes or trusts the vice president. Now, she has even worse poll numbers than Joe. That's even possible. In fact, according to one NBC News survey, yep, Vice President Harris has the worst approval rating of any vice president ever. She has zero accomplishments in office and her role as borders czar, not exactly gone well to put it lightly.But today, she did visit a high school softball team for some very awkward small talk. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KAMALA HARRIS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I am so proud of you guys and I just wanted to come by to say hello. You guys are the reason I do what I do, and I just love your competitive spirit. I love how you guys are just working at it. You are ready to be a team and you're ready to compete, and I just that makes me so proud, so proud. How you guys do it?(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Yes, we can.Anyway while in Minnesota, while Kamala Harris also stopped by an abortion clinic to celebrate the right to choose. Now, there was once was a president named Bill Clinton, remember him. He once said about abortion it should be -- it should be safe and legal. He should have added rare. Whatever happened to that Democratic Party?Now, by the way, now Democrats want abortion to be limitless and honored without any restrictions in the ninth month of pregnancy, and then in the case of, remember, Governor Northam from Virginia, even -- well, first, we'll deliver the baby, make the baby comfortable and then the mother and doctor will talk about whether the baby lives.That's the exception for sure, but a lot of Democrats when you ask them, what restrictions at all would you put on abortion? They won't answer that question. Here's an example.California Governor Gavin Newsom, our buddy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: Do you support any restrictions at all on abortion, especially in months seven, eight and nine, past viability?GOV. GAVIN NEWSOM (D), CALIFORNIA: I'm going to answer that question but let's talk about the issue of abortion. Let's talk about the issue --HANNITY: Are you going to answer it?NEWSOM: I'm going to answer that question, I'll repeat that.I trust and answer your question I trust the mother and her doctor to make that decision.HANNITY: So in other words, I want to be clear on this, if a woman and her doctor, for any reason --NEWSOM: Not for any reason. It's extremely rare.HANNITY: Should there --NEWSOM: I know where you guys are going, Sean, you're even uncomfortable with this whole issue, and I understand it. This is where you guys have to cover for the extreme anti-abortion agenda of Ron DeSantis.HANNITY: Should there be -- should there be -- would you support a ban on abortion in seventh, eighth, or ninth month, if the mother's life is not in jeopardy?NEWSOM: Extreme, extreme exception. People aren't going on and having abortion unless something devastating is happening.HANNITY: Should it be up illegal then? Should it be illegal?NEWSOM: It should be to the mother and her doctor and her conscience, and it almost always --HANNITY: So, the answer is no restriction.NEWSOM: I've already answered it.(END VIDEO CLIP)HANNITY: No restrictions. There is no moderation in this radical left-wing Democratic party. Not on abortion, not on spending, not on taxes, not on illegal immigration, where it's really a bad thing to even say the word illegal, and by the way, not on COVID. We know that, God forbid if you held a different view on the emergency authorization vaccine, that's not been improperly studied scientifically, follow the science.This is a party with radical and extreme positions on pretty much everything. So for many on the left, center left even, the Democratic party has totally abandoned them they're now looking for new options come to fall and I guess they will have other choices.Looks like Robert F. Kennedy Jr. -- naturally the DNC is in panic mode over this. Is he going to bring back Jesse "The Body" Ventura? How great would that be? Anyway, don't expect them to moderate any of their policies.Now, instead, Biden's 2024 campaign will continue to focus on four issues. They will demagogue abortion. They will obsess over January 6th and democracy in peril, the same people that would take -- allow one elected official to decide I'm going to take that person's name off the ballot because I'm going to declare them guilty of insurrection, even though they haven't been charged or let alone convicted.And they'll keep key evidence out of January 6th. You know, like the fact that we now, know we played it last night, Trump offered the National Guard and in the days leading up to January 6th, why didn't Liz Cheney in the January 6th Committee which with a predetermined outcome, why didn't they let us know that?Or exculpatory testimony that Donald Trump never tried to commandeer the presidential motorcade? We learned that from the driver of the presidential motorcade that they knew about that they interviewed that they didn't tell us about.The left flat-out lie. They spread fear, hysteria, all things hate Trump, hate Trump 24/7, and, of course, Democrats will call Republicans racist, sexist, xenophobic, homophobic, Islamophobic, transphobic, that want dirty air and water. In other words, Democrats are using fear and division to mask what has been a terrible four years under Biden.I repeat, they cannot run on are you better off than you are four years ago? This is all they have left. They don't really care about democracy or freedom or your rights as an American. No, they prefer one party rule, where Republicans are completely powerless and then if they want to, punish them, and use the Justice Department to go after them.This is the party of censorship, and cancel culture, high taxation, record inflation, woke everything, and regulations galore. The party that defends supporters riots and crime, they ignore that, and lawlessness. They support open borders, sanctuary cities and states, this is the party that weaponized our Department of Justice and politicized it.The party that wants to abolish the U.S. Supreme Court as we know it, and any other institution that dares get in their way or their agenda .So don't be fooled by the political smear tactics of the left in the next 235 days. However you deserve better.Here now with reaction, FOX News contributor Kellyanne Conway, former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, and the host of Outkick's "Tomi Lahren is Fearless", Tomi Lahren.All right. Kellyanne, I don't think they have anything to run on. This is what we're going to be stuck with. It's predictable.Now, if Republicans are not prepared for it I blame them, because we know what's coming.KELLYANNE CONWAY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: No question. So they have a flawed messenger but their messages are terrible. Joe Biden's underwater in handling of every major issue. His personal attributes are also in the tank. People don't think he's got the energy, the acuity, the ability, the agility. They don't think. He cares about people like them, has a plan for the middle class, and has vision.So what does he do? He's going to Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin. This is a smart political strategy because politics is about addition. You have to get more votes and the other person electoral votes.All six swing states right now, Sean, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Georgia, Nevada are states that Donald Trump won five or six of them in 2016. If you add North Carolina, there he won on that too.But in 2020, Joe Biden carried Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Georgia by the slimmest of margins when you add it all together. The problem for Joe Biden is people already know the way they feel about him. He lost independence in his approval rating in August of 2021, after the chaotic unnecessary withdrawal from Afghanistan.I looked at Kamala Harris's polling numbers, they're the lowest for any vice president in modern history, and they're particularly low among Hispanics, a group that they need to count on big time, a group that Donald Trump is really reaching into right now, Hispanics, African-Americans, even young people, some women and independents.Donald Trump doesn't need to win a majority of any of the five groups I just mentioned. He can get a plurality of them. He can get a third of them. He can get 20 percent of African-Americans, and it's game over.So, Joe Biden can fly to Michigan. He can go to Wisconsin, they can double their staffs. They're worried about those third party candidates so far, Robert Kennedy, Jr., Cornel West, Jill Stein all take votes from Joe Biden, and they know that Joe Trippi, a smart political strategist, today was quoted by saying what will hurt Biden, what will lose his election for him is, quote, not his age, not Trump's indictments, but these third party candidates chipping away from him.Last point, I am personally offended and everybody should be that Kamala Harris flew to Minnesota on Air Force Two on taxpayer dollars to go to an abortion clinic, when her boss, the president United States, wouldn't even dare say the word abortion in a State of the Union over an hour. He wouldn't say -- they call reproductive freedom, women's healthcare. If they care about women's health care, what about maternal mortality? What about heart disease? What about all the things that are -- cancer, all the things that are top of the list that are really truly women's health.She went to an abortion clinic today. She's the abortion czar and on taxpayer dollars and they're calling it, Sean, last point, they're calling it -- she made history. No other vice president has ever visited an abortion clinic.There's a reason for that, lady. It's a stupid idea.HANNITY: Well, Tomi, let's get your take. I think all these issues would be front and center, but it's all going to be about attacking Donald Trump, talk about January 6, keep out the exculpatory evidence that either disappeared or they purposely did not give to the American people, they allowed outright lies and false narratives. Liz Cheney did that. Liz, where is your character by the way? Really, Liz, you kept all -- you didn't think it was important to bring out the driver of the limousine on January 6 after you allowed other testimony that said something to the contrary.Or the fact that Chris Miller, I have it on tape, and Mark Meadows and Donald Trump and Kash Patel, and even General Milley, according to John Solomon, all on record saying Donald Trump wanted to call up the national guard.They will do and they will say anything, Tomi Lahren, to make sure that they slander, smear, besmirch, character assassinate anybody that gets in their way. They've been trying it, but still Donald Trump is ahead in the poll. So far, not working.TOMI LAHREN, OUTKICK HOST: Right. Well, Kellyanne is exactly right. They have a bad message. They have a bad messenger, both as president and vice president.But something that they have that unfortunately we don't is this -- they have unity and they have loyalty. You mentioned Liz Cheney, Adam Kinzinger, there's still plenty that are in office right now that are not unified with the Republican message, that are not unified with the America First agenda, that are not unified behind Donald Trump as our candidate.So they have what we don't have. They all fall in line. They all toe the line, because they also want something that I'm not convinced Republicans want, and that's that they want to win. They want victory.And I'm not as worried about the third party candidates either for Joe Biden's sake or Donald Trump's. I'm far more worried about them replacing Joe Biden with Gavin Newsom, and I know everybody says they can't do that, they can't leap frog over Kamala. I say that's BS. Democrats can do whatever they want.If they replace Kamala or Joe with Gavin Newsom, you're going to get social media outraged for a couple of days and that's it.HANNITY: All right. Tomi, let me -- let me play along with you. Okay, they bring in Newsom, he's the head of sanctuary state, free health care for illegal immigrants, do you -- that has come up time and time again throughout the primary season is the number one issue on people's minds.How's that one issue going to go over? How's his answer on no -- not even having restrictions in the seventh, eighth and ninth month of pregnancy, how's that going to go over with the American people?LAHREN: I worry because right now, Donald Trump is ahead in the polls. But he's ahead of Joe Biden who is a horrible messenger with a horrible record. What happens when you put a 40-something-year-old in that position? You've got a lot of people that they might look at California and think it's a mess, but if that many people are willing to vote for Joe Biden again, I'm really worried that they'll be more than happy to vote for Gavin Newsom.So that Republicans need to unify, they unify now. We have to want to win.And I'll say the last point on the abortion message, if Republicans have a hard-line abortion stance and they talk about a federal abortion ban, we will lose. That's not helpful and that's just the reality.HANNITY: I agree 100 percent and as do I think a lot of people. That would -- we saw that in Pennsylvania with Doug Mastriano, no exceptions, rape, incest, mother's life, and I think if you want to know why we didn't see a red wave in '22, that was a big reason why.Reince, probably you are one of the most successful RNC chairs of all time. Let's get your take on what the Republican Party behind the scenes needs to do. We have talked about Republicans, conservatives overcoming their reluctance, their resistance to voting early, voting by mail. We' have talked about Democratic efforts at legal ballot harvesting. Those efforts need to be matched, hopefully surpassed by Republicans.It's now March. This election is in November. That is not a lot of time. They need to make sure every single precinct and every swing state and beyond has trained partisan observers watching the voting all day, the vote counting all night, and have some measure to watch at least mail-in ballots where they're not in the hands of God knows who for God knows how long.REINCE PRIEBUS, FORMER WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF: Well, you're right, Sean. So what I would be doing and it's pretty simple stuff, number one, at the committee, you got to raise about $40 million in the next 60 days, number one. Number two, you have to put out paid workers, about 5,000 people in Michigan and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin that are paid full-time on the ground, targeting early vote, absentee ballot voting, using the data.And I put in an artificial deadline to get all of that preliminary data work done by the end of May. And that has to happen now. And they can figure out a lot of the other things as they go.At the same time, following the these court cases going back to pre-COVID laws so that we don't have a gazillion mail in ballots going out to people that didn't or don't want them or didn't request them, and they need to lock down the voting procedures in these states.You know, Tomi is right and so is Kellyanne, what the Democrats are doing by sending Joe Biden in the Saginaw -- Saginaw is about 190,000 people. Joe Biden won Saginaw by 300 votes, and his national image is terrible as you've all pointed out. But what he's trying to do by going to Saginaw, on these little -- little events that he's doing, he's trying to get local coverage, local news.And then Harris going into an abortion clinic, yeah, we find it to be ridiculous, but she now wants to become the bullhorn on the abortion issue. And so, all that micro targeting, all that all that boring stuff that I just laid out, they're going to use that micro target, they're going to send 10 people every 10 blocks with 10 names on a piece of paper. They'll get paid a certain amount of money for every person that they bring in. They'll go to Madison. They'll go to Lansing. They'll go to state college in Pennsylvania and that's what they're doing.The Democrats are obsessed with process. They love it. They love the process. Their donors pay for process.And unfortunately, a lot of our folks you know they're crazy about candidates. They like to talk about who's going to win. You know, Bret Baier calls it candidate casino. That's what a lot of our people love.Democrats love process. Our party needs to get in love with the process, the boring stuff, and that's how you win and lose an election.HANNITY: All right. Thank you. We appreciate it, Reince Priebus, Kellyanne, Tomi Lahren.Joining us now is South Carolina Senator Tim Scott is with us.One of the more interesting things we keep seeing in every poll are -- is the Democratic party, the demographics that traditionally make up their coalition and their base, African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian- Americans, women are now moving in massive numbers to the Republican Party. Now we have seen past movement, not as large as this, but in the end, it seems that -- well, Democrats tend to return home on election day.Is this year different?SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC): Well, Sean, 1,000 percent, this year is different. In football, it's not the X's and the O's. It's the Jimmies and the Joes.We have a once in a-lifetime leader called Donald Trump who's bringing a coalition together like never before. I will predict that President Trump will receive more Republican votes than any Republican in the history of the country. I predict that he will have more African-American support this cycle than any other Republican in 30 years, and I predict he will likely win the Hispanic vote. He's up 47-45 right now.But the question is why? Why are African-Americans, Hispanics, Asians, Republicans, men, women all looking at Donald Trump with new eyes? It is simple. We were better off under Trump.Economically, the lowest unemployment rates for all racial demographics and a 70-year low for women. Crime, we had law and order. African-Americans in Minneapolis voted to refund the police and overturn their own city council who wanted to defund the police.Here's what we know about Americans. Americans want a fair level playing field and there's only one candidate and one party that represents that and that's Donald Trump.We want a border that is closed. I tell you that, this is the truth, migrant crime is devastating Black communities and White communities. We look at Laken Riley and we come to one conclusion, preventable.We have Joe Biden talking about is she -- was it an illegal migrant or was it an undocumented? It was a murderer. We should be up in arms on our feet talking about the issues that every single kitchen table is talking about tonight.And it starts with our border. It starts with Laken Riley, and then it goes to our economy and goes to crime. We are going to win because we have the right candidate at the right time with a record all right on every single issue that matters to Americans.HANNITY: Are issues enough or what about what Reince was discussing? And that's process and paying attention to those other details?SCOTT: Well, let me tell you what, if there's anyone paying attention to the details in 2024, it's Donald Trump, who is now running -- co-running the RNC, Lara Trump. Why? Because he understands that the devil's in the details. So he puts his brilliant daughter-in-law in charge of our RNC apparatus so that all that Reince talked about, wise, wise man he is, will be taken care of.We're going to focus on getting the vote out early, often, mail in, whatever it takes, we will match fire with fire. But at the end of the day, you want the ball in the hands of the best player on the field. That player is Donald Trump.I can guarantee you, we will win because we're coming together.HANNITY: All right. Senator, hope you're right. We can't take four more years of this corpse as president.Anyway, we appreciate you being with us. Thank you.When we come back, John Solomon, breaking news, an explosive report about Hunter Biden and his business associates, and it has to do with nuclear energy. Also, Hunter Biden's former business partner, Tony Bobulinski, he's now calling out Hunter Biden. We'll explain that, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: And tonight, an explosive report about Hunter Biden from justthenews.com and John Solomon. According to this report, the Chinese energy company that we've been telling you about, the conglomerate in China, CEFC, they once aimed to, quote, control the global nuclear energy sector, and they plan to do it by acquiring the American company Westinghouse from Toshiba, after by the way they tried hacking into their computers and that didn't quite work out.But as Hunter's own business partner wrote in a letter to the CEFC, quote: It would be highly unlikely that Toshiba would sell Westinghouse to Chinese interests.However, he let his Chinese business partners know that he had a way of improving the deal's chances. Now, this all happened just a couple of years after five Chinese military hackers were charged with trying to hack into Westinghouse's computer system. Thankfully, they failed as I said, according to Solomon's report.Well, plan B was for the CEFC to bring in someone to, quote, create the correct support in Washington. That person -- who better than the guy with no experience, addicted to crack, whose father is VP, Hunter Biden.Meanwhile, Hunter declined to offer -- his offer to publicly testify before Congress, in spite, of course, previously demanding he'd be allowed to do just that. Well, in the words of his old business associate Tony Bobulinski, who will be appearing, Hunter is, quote, running away and cowering from the truth.Here with more is John Solomon, justthenews.com and FOX News contributor Jason Chaffetz.All right. They tried to hack, it didn't work, Plan B, John Solomon.JOHN SOLOMON, FOUNDER OF JUSTTHENEWS.COM: Yeah, it was to use Hunter Biden and the Hunter Biden name the family name to try to create a complex transaction that would hide the fact that China was actually going to control the prize nuclear reactor uh technology that America had.At the time, Westinghouse was the envy of the world, it had created a thing -- a new model reactor was smaller , more efficient, it made nuclear power plants much smaller. Everybody in the world wanted this reactor.China tried to hack its way to it. It got caught. Even Eric Holder had to file charges against the Chinese military.And then there's a pivot, and that pivot is the Biden and his business partners CEFC. They start working on this in 2016. A year later, CEFC starts paying millions, about $8 million to Hunter Biden's companies.Some of that money makes its way to Joe Biden. Some of it makes it to James Biden. And it's very important to remind people while Hunter Biden and James Biden were working on this deal, they knew the company they were dealing with was tied to the communist Chinese government. Why? Hunter Biden said one of the guys at CEFC was the blanking spy chief.James Biden told the FBI, I knew that the chairman who by the way he introduced to his brother Joe Biden, he knew that the chairman was directly -- had a direct relationship with the president of China. A sitting vice president's son was allowing that company with those ties to try to take our prize nuclear reactor technology. That was going on.HANNITY: Jason Chaffetz, you were in Congress. You were part of investigations that mattered. It's been a very difficult investigation for both oversight and Judiciary, and that they've had a hard time getting documents. They've been a hard time following the facts, getting bank records.But what they've gotten so far, they got the bank records. They got the financial transfers, they know how many Biden family members were paid, no evidence of any services rendered. We're talking about our top geopolitical foes.Forget about the impeachment inquiry side of it, looks like they're moving now towards criminal referral side of it. What is missing in your view when you watch the what they are doing and how they're going about their investigation?CHAFFETZ: Well, I think the committee and certainly Chairman Comer have doing all they can do to get at those documents. The Department of Justice is not coughing up the documents that are out there. The one area that I would like to see them dive deeper into relates to Louis Freeh and the $100,000 that goes into Joe Biden's grandkids account.You know, there was a point where this -- allegedly, according to these articles, you have this Russian re -- or this Romanian real estate tycoon who's charged with bribery. Somehow, he matches up with Hunter Biden who then matches up with the former FBI Director Louis Freeh.Louis Freeh is then engaged in that case, and guess what? He communicates, according to the articles, he communicates with our -- the United States Department of Justice to try to weigh in potentially on that that case. The guy actually gets convicted. He's actually convicted.But as a mysteriously $100,000 goes into Joe Biden's grandkids account, I think the committee has to call those grandkids and say, what did you do to get $100,000? What did you do to do that?And I want to hear from Louis Freeh. I want him to come testify publicly and say, why is it that you gave the Bidens $100,000 to grandkids. And you know, all these Democrats keep saying oh, there's no evidence, look at the reporting from John Solomon. Look at the $100,000 going to the grandkids.HANNITY: Tens of millions of dollars they've identified, all these shell corporations, 10 family members being paid, rightly, you point out the grandkids. Hunter admits at the time he was addicted to hard drugs and admits he had no experience.Then, of course, you got Joe's big lie that he never talked with some brother or anybody about their foreign business deal, Jason. And we all know just the opposite is true, Cafe Milano, Devon Archer's testimony, Tony Bobulinski's testimony, the big guy.At what point do you say something really nefarious went on here and no evidence that any services were ever rendered?CHAFFETZ: Yeah, and remember, Hunter Biden's flying on Air Force Two. He's going with his dad to China. There's a -- there's a case where he's going to Mexico.And he's texting with the people in Mexico, and he's saying we're coming there. I want to introduce you to my dad. We're going to land. I expect you to be there.I've opened up the White House. You've been to the White House. You've met my dad. You've done all these things now I want our deal.And guess what? Hunter Biden's business partner goes on Air Force Two. Explain to us, Joe Biden, explain to us, White House, if you weren't involved and engaged in Hunter Biden's businesses, why is his business partner flying on Air Force Two at our expense, taxpayers' expense?HANNITY: That's a great point.John Solomon, if this was about the Trump family, we know the media, the mob and every Democrat, they would be on television, in the paper, every second of every day. They're trying to ignore all of this. And so far, maybe you can argue somewhat successfully.SOLOMON: Well, 67 percent of people in the AP-NORC poll last month said that they now believe Joe Biden did something unethical or legal. So they're getting the news somehow from shows like this, and the work we're doing.Here's the most important thing I'm going to draw a bull's eye around something that I think could change this dynamic in the next few weeks. It is imp probable that Joe Biden didn't get defensive briefings when his son was dealing with a military contractor, a company that was trying to buy our nuclear energy, that we knew that Chinese were trying to hack to get.I think Congress needs to focus on did Joe Biden get a defensive briefing? And if he did and he still let his son do these things, I think that becomes a very easy story for the American people to understand.HANNITY: All right. We'll continue to follow it if the mob and the media ignores it. Thank you both.Up next, as Biden's border crisis is spiraling even out of control even more, well, guess what? Now our country has to brace for a wave of illegal immigrants -- well, a new wave of prisoners from Venezuela, but of course, now immigrants from Haiti.Now, Governor Ron DeSantis, he's just assuming Biden won't do his job, he'll do it -- he'll do it for him. We'll check in with Victor Davis Hansen, Pete Hegseth, as we continue.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. It's transparent. It's clear. Biden has no plan to fix the crisis at the border that he himself created and with the situation now rapidly deteriorating in Haiti, how's he going to handle the possible large influx of people from Haiti?According to a new report, the administration is actually discussing the possibility of actually using Guantanamo Bay, Gitmo, to process them? What does that mean process them?Meanwhile, more disturbing crimes committed by illegals, they're coming to light. Three illegal immigrants from Guatemala have been accused of sexual assault and kidnapping of a woman in Florida.Another from El Salvador was charged with 20 counts of sex abuse and sex offenses of minors while working at a church in Maryland, after previously being deported twice according to ICE.And a woman in the U.S. illegally from Venezuela was arrested for driving the wrong way down a highway, causing a head-on collision that resulted in the death of a 12-year-old boy.Here with reaction is Hoover Institution senior fellow Victor Davis Hanson, "FOX and Friends Weekend" co-host Pete Hegseth.All right. It's all happening. And it's interesting, Governor DeSantis is smart enough to figure out there's no way Biden's going to do anything about what is likely going to be a large influx from Haiti so he's already putting measures to protect his own state, kind of like what Governor Abbott's been having to do.Your reaction Victor Davis Hanson?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON, HOOVER INSTITUTION SENIOR FELLOW: Well, I think we're getting back to every man for himself, every state for themselves. There is no federal migration law. Biden destroyed it.And it shows you how desperate they are to do something stupid, to let 8 million people in from some of the most violent places in the world. And why are they doing it, Sean? I guess the prime directive is to get future constituencies who under mail in may be of value, and they figure that, you know, to make this beautiful, diverse DEI omelet, they have to break a few eggs like, you know, unfortunately, like Laken Riley or Kate Steinle whom they considered just collateral damage. They don't really care about these people who were tragically killed or harmed or maimed.And they feel they're going to be protected, Sean. They have the money, the influence, the zip codes that these policies will never lap up in their shores. The irony, final irony really quickly is, if they bring all these people in and they're located in the barrio and the inner city and East Palestine, Ohio, and working class communities, they're going to alienate a lot of people. And if they alienate their base, they'll close a border in one second because they don't have any principles other than the retention of power.HANNITY: Yeah, and then here we are, Pete Hegseth, with the president apologizing for using the term illegal. We played a tape last night, I won't play it again, tonight, of Chuck Schumer. This is Chucky back in saying, they're illegal aliens, they're not -- they're not respecting our laws and it's wrong to use the term undocumented because it minimizes the crime that they're committing.He kind of sounded like us. But obviously, that Democratic Party's dead, gone, buried, never to be seen or heard from again is kind of how I'm viewing it. Your thoughts?PETE HEGSETH, CO-HOST OF "FOX AND FRIENDS WEEKEND": Sean, you're right. They used to believe in the basics. The basics are borders. The basics are citizenship.The idea of citizenship is in retrospect for the Democrat Party, they don't care about it anymore. You hear about whether it's charities or politicians or local non profits, they want anyone they can get for reasons as Victor said for votes or for future census, and congressional districts.Citizenship is a bygone word for them because they believe no person can be illegal.Sean, I served in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for a year. It had been set up to process people coming across the sea for a long time before we -- it was a detention facility for Islamists. It was meant to repatriate, meaning if you were on a boat seeking a better life and you landed at Guantanamo Bay, we sent you back to your home country. You noted the word, it was process.Would this administration send them back or would they neatly process them to put them on a flight and send them to somewhere in the continental United States that we're not told about? We have no idea at all, and ultimately, this is also the administration that said we want to close Guantanamo Bay because they didn't want to process Islamists who were there trying to kill us.So they're full of contradictions, not putting the country first and putting illegals first. But they won't call them illegals first, but they won't call them illegals. Make sense of that.HANNITY: You know what -- you know what they do in Australia, Victor Davis Hanson? If you're not -- if you're trying to enter Australia illegally, you will be met at sea. Now, you will be handed food, medicine if you need it, water, whatever necessities you need -- whatever you need and then you're going to be sent home. If you need medical care, they won't even bring you to the country, they'll bring you to another island, they will provide that medical care and then send you back.Why does it America just simply adopt that strategy?HANSON: Well, I think we got to dispense with the idea, Sean, that we all say that the Europeans or the Australians or all of these kindred democracies are socialists and they're leftwing and they're crazy. We're the crazy ones now.If you look at the immigration revolution that's going on in Europe and Australia and other places, they're far more reasonable than we are. We're the outlier of the family of democratic nations. We're in the -- we're on the verge of insanity and suicidal destruction.They look at us and they think we're crazy. So this is serious and we can't any longer judge these other countries and say they're naive, they're letting in immigrants across the Mediterranean or the Pacific. What we do is far worse than they've done. They've learned their lesson and they're just in time they're self-correcting, we're not. We're doubling down.HANNITY: Well, if Trump's elected, he has promised to deport every illegal immigrant, people that didn't respect our laws, our borders, our sovereignty. That time has come.All right. Victor Davis Hanson, Pete Hegseth, says thank you both.When we come back, California, it is falling apart. They're having trouble literally covering their electricity bills. You're going to love their redistribution of wealth idea here. Only out in California could some proposal like this go forward, straight ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right now for the latest liberal lunacy, Senator Bernie Sanders, yes, the commie socialist from Vermont introduced the bill, it would establish a 32-hour workweek without any reduction in pay. How generous of him.The problem is this would likely hurt a lot of small businesses. We'll have more on that in a moment.Meanwhile, out in the great state of California, lawmakers there are proposing a search charge on electricity bills based off your income, instead of usage. Oh I thought we treat people equally. Meaning the more you make, the more you're going to pay for the same exact energy.Joining us now, he's the host of Kudlow on the FOX Business Network, Larry Kudlow is with us.All right. So I'm reading this and I'm like looking at this -- they already have the highest paid -- the highest income taxes in the country out in California. You see business after business after business leaving California, the headquarters. And you can't blame them.Why don't they just say all of you people that make money and create jobs get out of our state, because that's ostensibly what they're doing anyway?LARRY KUDLOW, FBN HOST: Yeah, give it -- yeah, give us your money, give us your money. I mean, what's so wonderful about this California thing is it's not even tied to electricity use. It's just an in -- it's an income tax increase. And by the way, yes, the upper end pays more.But the stupid part of this and this is where there's going to be revolt, you look at the numbers here, Sean, the middle class is going to be charged significantly. I did the math here. The middle class right now pays about 3,200 bucks a year for their electricity bills. That by the way is at the highest in the nation.This would add about 1,200 bucks. Whether you consume more or less electricity, it's going to go on your bill. It's almost a one-third increase on the middle class, and yeah, up the income ladder, it pays more.This just -- it's not -- it's not a carbon tax. It has nothing to do with reducing, in fact, energy use may go up under this thing in certain cases, and the whole problem in California is they don't have enough electricity, because renewables don't work. They're not sustainable. They break down. They're very expensive.They should use oil which they have a lot of. They should use natural gas. They could use coal. They could use nuclear power, but they don't.So they don't -- you can't plug in your car if you have a EV, electric vehicle, you can't plug it in because there always brownouts and blackouts of electricity. This thing is just a dumb middle class tax hike in California. That's all it is.HANNITY: And then when they tax corporations and then they sue corporations like they're suing oil companies, who pays the bill for those expensive law firms that have to defend themselves? Wouldn't that be the consumer, Larry? You're -- you're the expert.KUDLOW: Yeah, yeah. No, no, no. That stuff gets passed along all the time. And by the way, you know, they're going to start losing stuff in the courts. I mean, they're not -- these mandates that California is making up, they have never been adjudicated. There are no congressional laws, the state legislature may or may not pass this thing.From what I gather, there's a tax revolt going on. Look, this is dumb and the Bernie Sanders 32-hour workweek is dumber, or as dumb, because there you've got let's not work, okay. Already, the participation rate among prime workers is at an all-time low. There's probably 10 million people outside the workforce that could be producing and growing the economy and creating income. So let's not work, Sean, okay?Let's just hang around, watch TV, play video games, have a joint. Let's not work. How dumb is that?HANNITY: I got to go. Larry Kudlow, thank you.When we come back, West Point has made a major change to the mission statement and we expect big new developments in Fulton County, Georgia. Will Fani Willis be disqualified? Next.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)HANNITY: All right. The U.S. Military Academy at West Point, well, guess what? They are dropping the phrase, quote, duty, honor and country from their mission statement replacing it with the words, quote, army values. However, West Point did make it clear that the phrase is foundational to their culture and that it will always remain their motto. Welcome to Joe Biden's American nightmare.Also tonight, big news out of Georgia. The judge has said the ruling should come out tomorrow. Will Fani Willis be disqualified? We'll have that news tomorrow night.That's all the time we have left tonight. Thank you for being with us. Please set your DVR.And in the meantime, let not your heart be troubled, Greg Gutfeld is standing by to put a smile on your face.