Sen. Katie Britt has been widely mocked for her rebuttal to President Joe Biden's State of the Union address and comedians were quick to weigh in on the issue.Many described her response as overly dramatic and some even compared it to a Saturday Night Live skit.Britt got the SNL treatment on Saturday when Scarlett Johansson made a surprise cameo during the episode's cold open for a parody of the senator's remarks.Johansson's Britt told viewers from the get-go that she would be "auditioning for the part of scary mom" and "performing an original monologue called 'This Country Is Hell.'""You see, I'm not just a senator," she said. "I'm a wife, a mother, and the craziest b**** in the Target parking lot. And this is why I've invited you into this strange, empty kitchen because Republicans wanted me to appeal to women voters and women love kitchens."Johansson went on to call out Biden's performance while denying she was performing herself."My husband, Wesley, and I just watched President Biden's speech, and what I saw was the performance of a permanent politician," she said."But me? I'm not performing. I'm not! I'm not!!" she added, dramatically throwing her hand up to her forehead."First and foremost, I'm a mom. And like any mom, I'm going to do a pivot out of nowhere into a shockingly violent story about sex trafficking. And rest assured, every detail about it is real, except the year, where it took place, and who was president when it happened," Johansson added, in a reference to Britt being accused of lying about a sex trafficking victim and events that took place before Biden was in the White House in any capacity.Johansson's Britt also said she was not just responding to the State of the Union, but was also selling bejeweled cross necklaces for QVC, before acting like a host on the shopping network channel.She then said she was "going to get weirdly seductive for no apparent reason" before describing why the American dream "has turned into a nightmare.""You know, my husband Wesley and I spend a lot of time in this kitchen, worrying," she said."Kitchens are where families have the hard conversations, like the one we'll have tomorrow about how mommy freaked out the entire country. But y'all, Biden is the one who is destroying our country. Just ask yourself, are you better off today than you were four years ago? Back in the good old days of 2020, the year that nothing bad happened?"Moments later, she brought out a tea cup and clanked a spoon around in it, saying ominously: "My tea is ready." The camera then cut to Kenan Thompson with a tear falling down his face, in a reference to the 2017 horror film Get Out."But to the American people who are struggling right now, know this: We hear you. We see you. We smell you," Johansson concluded."We're inside your kitchen right now looking through your fridge. And what's that on the top shelf? Migrants!"She added: "To the president of the United States, I'll just say this: Mr. Biden, this isn't the last you'll see of Katie Britt. Maybe not in politics, but when you close your eyes, I'll be right there."Viewers loved Johansson's take, with one person saying on X, formerly Twitter, that she "nailed it."Another wrote that she "had, has it, and will always have it. Brava!"Another added: "Well done! Another great political cold open!"Newsweek has contacted Britt's representatives via email for comment.Link to Image
Graphic Scarlet Johansson on SNLNBC/Saturday Night LiveScarlet Johansson made a surprise cameo on Saturday Night Live to parody Sen. Katie Britt's rebuttal to President Joe Biden's State of the Union speech.