Jon Stewart has doubled down on his criticism of Joe Biden, following accusations from viewers that he's a "bothsidesist fraud."The comedian returned to The Daily Show in February after a nine-year hiatus, covering the run-up to the 2024 general election. However, Stewart was criticized after mocking both Donald Trump and Biden, with Democrats accusing the 61-year-old of "minimizing the stakes."Stewart poked fun at Biden's alleged cognition issues during the series' premiere, with polls saying the president's age is a major concern for voters."So is Jon Stewart back on The Daily Show to repeatedly state how old Joe Biden is? Is there anywhere we can go to escape this f****** s***?," one viewer wrote on X, formerly Twitter."One old guy is pro-Democracy and the other old guy is literally a f****** FASCIST!!" posted another.Still, the backlash has not deterred Stewart, with the Emmy winner joking during Monday night's show about the president's recent border trip.While visiting Brownsville, Texas, on Thursday, Biden implored Congress to pass a bipartisan immigration bill that aims to deter migrants from entering the U.S. illegally."We're the United States of America," the 81-year-old president told the crowd in a snippet, with Stewart pausing the clip to yell, "Nailed it.""He knew exactly where we were in, Yes," Stewart said. "He knew what country we were in. Bang boom, this is the United States of America."Stewart added, "I take back everything I said a month ago," asking Biden to share his proposal on border control.In the clip, the president asked Trump to stop "playing politics with the issue," and instead ask Congress to join him in passing the bill."Ladies and gentlemen, the olive branch has been extended across the aisle," Stewart said, before cutting to footage of Trump's recent visit to the city of Eagle Pass, Texas, which is also along the U.S.-Mexico border.The business magnate accused Biden of having the "blood of countless innocent victims" on his hands, due to an alleged rise in crimes committed by undocumented migrants. However, statistics do not support Trump's claims, with the Cato Institute saying that undocumented migrants commit fewer homicides than native American citizens.Newsweek has reached out to Jon Stewart, Joe Biden and Donald Trump for comment via email.Republicans have targeted Biden's age and mental faculties since the 2020 election season, but a new poll from The New York Times found that Democratic voters are also concerned.The survey showed that roughly 73 percent of registered voters think the president is "too old" to run the country, including 61 percent of voters who backed Biden in 2020.Biden's age and purported memory issues were a cornerstone of Trump's 2020 campaign. However, the 77-year-old Republican's age is also a sticking point for voters in the 2024 general election.Forty-two percent of registered voters polled by NYT said the real-estate mogul is too old to be an effective leader, including 14 percent of people who voted for Trump last time.The 2024 presidential election is likely to be a rematch between Trump and Biden.Biden is the current favorite to land the Democratic nomination, according to polling analysis site Five Thirty Eight, polling at 75 percent—more than 70 points ahead of his rival, Minnesota Representative Dean Phillips.Likewise, Trump is likely to win the Republican nomination. The Apprentice star is polling at 77 percent, beating former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley by 62 points.Link to Image
Graphic Jon Stewart, 2023 (left). Joe Biden, 2023Taylor Hill/Anna Moneymaker/WireImage/Getty Images NewsLeft: Jon Stewart attends the Clooney Foundation for Justice's 2023 Albie Awards on September 28, 2023 in New York City. Right: Joe Biden delivers a statement to Congress at the White House on December 06, 2023 in Washington, DC. Stewart faced backlash following "The Daily Show" premiere in February for criticizing both Biden and Trump.