Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley told CNN's Dana Bash on Friday that she is most worried about Donald Trump's lack of focus when it comes to "fiscal discipline" if he were to be elected president in November.The ContextTrump has long been the GOP frontrunner in the 2024 presidential race, but Haley, the former South Carolina governor and ex-United Nations ambassador, has been fighting to be the choice for Americans who don't want another Trump presidency.The national debt is currently at $34.38 trillion, according to FiscalData, a website launched by the Office of Fiscal Service of the U.S. Department of The Treasury. Many Republicans have advocated cutting national spending to help manage the debt problem, but Congress has not been able to pass a funding package for the 2024 fiscal year.What We KnowBash asked Haley on InsidePolitics with Dana Bash: "What are you most worried about with a potential second Trump term, policy-wise?"He doesn't focus on fiscal discipline," Haley said. "We're going down a fiscal cliff. We're now paying more money in interest than we are in our defense budget. Russia, China and Iran pay attention to that. As much as he rails against government, he didn't shrink it. He didn't clean it up. He didn't do anything."Haley also slammed Trump's position on foreign policy."We've got wars around the world. Literally, the world's on fire. And you're talking about stepping away from our allies? And siding with a tyrant? You're talking about becoming more isolationist? You're talking about the fact that gonna make Americans think that they have to choose between Ukraine and Israel over the southern border when the reality is we need to do all of those things and we can."Newsweek reached out to Trump's campaign via email for comment.Update 3/1/24, 1:18 p.m. ET: This article was updated with additional information.Link to Image
Graphic HaleyGeorge Frey/Getty ImagesRepublican presidential candidate Nikki Haley at a campaign event at the Noorda Center for the Performing Arts on the campus of Utah Valley University on February 28, 2024, in Orem, Utah.