An ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin has suggested launching nuclear strikes on three members of the NATO military alliance—France, Germany and the United States.State TV host Vladimir Solovyov, one of the most-prominent figures in Kremlin-backed media, floated the idea on his show Evening with Vladimir Solovyov. The Daily Beast's Julia Davis shared an excerpt of the broadcast on Friday on X, formerly Twitter. Newsweek has contacted Russia's Foreign Ministry for comment by email."Pundits on Vladimir Solovyov's show pontificated which Western cities should be the first to be targeted with nuclear strikes. Some of their top choices: Paris, Marseille, Lyon, Hamburg, Munich or Garmisch-Partenkirchen and the United States in general," wrote Davis.The idea that a nuclear war could break out amid the conflict in Ukraine has been floated by numerous Russian officials, including Dmitry Medvedev, Russia's former president and prime minister. Putin said in September 2022 that Russia was prepared to use nuclear weapons to defend its "territorial integrity", and the topic is regularly discussed on Russian state TV.Kremlin propagandists have routinely warned of a looming world war and strikes by Russia on NATO territory over aid and weapons provided by the Joe Biden administration and members of the military alliance to Kyiv.Solovyov began by railing against France, shortly after French President Emmanuel Macron said there are "no limits" to Paris' support for Kyiv."The goal of France is not just getting free resources from the territory of Russia, but the destruction of Russia. The final solution of the Russian question," he said. "Why do I think that we should carry out a strike against the West? Because I can see right through them! They say 'Russia can't tell us how to help Ukraine!' It's not for you to dictate how Russia can respond!"Another guest on the show, Andrey Sidorov, deputy dean of world politics at the Moscow State University, told Solovyov that the issue is "not whether or not to use nuclear weapons.""The issue is against whom to use them. You often talk about France or Great Britain," said Sidorov.Solovyov responded: "That's right, France, Germany, Poland, Great Britain.""That's not the main issue," Sidorov repeated. "There is another country that presents a danger which stands behind all of the aforementioned ones.""I mean the United States. Unlike other countries you mentioned, it can present an existential threat to Russia," he continued. "The issue is, either we start it and conduct the first strike, no one ever rejected an idea of a disarming strike."Solovyov said he was undecided on where exactly Russia should attack with nuclear weapons."I just can't decide: Paris or Marseille? What should we destroy in Germany for their Taurus? Maybe Munich? Maybe we should have an audience vote, see which cities are they willing to spare," said Solovyov.The Putin ally added: "The level of humanity's madness has reached its limits, the West won't stop at anything. We should harshly fight against it with all the forces and means at our disposal."Last week, during Putin's annual state of the nation address in Moscow, the Russian leader warned that his "strategic nuclear forces are in a state of full readiness.""Russia won't let anyone interfere in its internal affairs," he warned.His remarks came after Macron suggested that NATO members could send ground troops to Ukraine. Other NATO allies, including the U.S., ruled out doing so after Macron's suggestion.Do you have a tip on a world news story that Newsweek should be covering? Do you have a question about the Russia-Ukraine war? Let us know via worldnews@newsweek.comLink to Image
Graphic Vladimir SolovyovContributor/Getty ImagesRussian propagandist, television presenter Vladimir Solovyov seen during President Vladimir Putin's annual meeting with the Federal Assembly, on February 21, 2023 in Moscow, Russia. He has suggested launching nuclear strikes on three members of the NATO military alliance—France, Germany, and the United States.