Russian weatherman Evgeny Tishkovets recently told TV host and Kremlin-back propogandist Vladimir Solovyov that conditions are "ideal" for a nuclear strike on member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).It's been a little over two years since Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine. As NATO countries back the Eastern European nation, which is yet to be a member of the military organization, there has been growing concern that Russia may expand its war.During Russian President Vladimir Putin's annual state of the nation address in late February, he warned that Ukraine's allies risk starting a nuclear war if they deepen their involvement in the Russian-Ukrainian conflict."They must realize that we also have weapons that can hit targets on their territory," the Russian leader said. "What they are now suggesting and scaring the world with—all that raises the real threat of a nuclear conflict that will mean the destruction of our civilization."Journalist Julia Davis, creator of the Russian Media Monitor watchdog group, posted a clip of Solovyov talking with Tishkovets on his show about Moscow attacking NATO members on X, formerly Twitter, on Friday."Most importantly you should clearly say how our missiles can precisely strike NATO targets and that the weather won't get in their way. Despite the challenging meteorological conditions, the missiles reached their targets, the Avangard struck. Paris is on fire!" Solovyov said, according to a translation by Russian Media Monitor."Today, the weather is ideal for conducting nuclear strikes against NATO countries," Tishkovets said. "The air currents are directed in non-traditional ways, not from the west to the east, but the east to the west. The radioactive clouds with travel towards those countries that are sending arms and mercenaries to fight against our army."He added: "The death of our guys shouldn't be the price of victory. We should move up to a higher level of escalation."Newsweek reached out to the Russian government via online form and NATO press office via email for comment.Solovyov previously suggested launching nuclear strikes on NATO countries.Andrey Sidorov, deputy dean of world politics at the Moscow State University, told Solovyov on his show that the issue is "not whether or not to use nuclear weapons." He said: "The issue is against whom to use them. You often talk about France or Great Britain."Solovyov responded: "That's right, France, Germany, Poland, Great Britain."As Ukrainian forces continue to fight against the Russian military, support for the war-torn nation from the United States, one of Ukraine's largest backers, is dwindling. A $95 billion foreign aid package, which includes $61 billion for Ukraine passed in the Senate, but has stalled in the House of Representatives as Speaker Mike Johnson, a Louisiana Republican who is opposed to additional Ukrainian aid, has yet to put the bill on the floor.Meanwhile, President Joe Biden, who has remained an ally to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, urged the House to "immediately" take up the aid package."I call on the speaker to let the full House speak its mind and not allow a minority of the most extreme voices in the House to block this bill even from being voted on," Biden said during a White House speech in February.Link to Image
Graphic NATOJohn Thys/AFP via Getty ImagesMember nation flags in the Cour d'Honneur of the NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium on February 27, 2024.