Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer has become the latest establishment Democratic politician to give in to the constant anti-Israel bullying from the far Left. On the floor of the United States Senate, Schumer called for regime change in Israel, castigating leader Benjamin Netanyahu for his response to the atrocities committed on October 7.Schumer said, "As a lifelong supporter of Israel, it has become clear to me: The Netanyahu coalition no longer fits the needs of Israel after October 7. The world has changed, radically, since then, and the Israeli people are being stifled right now by a governing vision that is stuck in the past."He added, "At this critical juncture, I believe a new election is the only way to allow for a healthy and open decision-making process about the future of Israel, at a time when so many Israelis have lost their confidence in the vision and direction of their government."It is shameful to publicly toss the leader of our closest Middle East ally under the bus while they are in the middle of the war. It also exposes many of our leaders as a bunch of hypocrites; they would have been indignant if any other country would've done the same to us after our invasion of Afghanistan in response to 9/11.But more than anything, it shows how some politicians will cower under the constant threat of far Left bullies.By giving in to these tactics, people like Schumer have abandoned traditional Democrats who stood with Israel in the face of an overwhelming amount of pressure.There's room for people to have different perspectives on the Israeli/Palestinian conflict. But the actions of some of the more extreme elements of the pro-Palestine side have been shameful. Commandeering City Council meetings, attacking Black grandmothers at Christmas parties, shutting down airports, and taking over highways are not an ideal way to win friends and influence people.It's fair to ask if Schumer even believes what he's saying. As Michele Weiss, Vice Mayor of University Heights, Ohio and a Jewish elected official, told me, "Schumer, who just days after the October 7 attack went to Israel and witnessed first hand the atrocities that Hamas committed, has no right to denounce Israel or its government for defending its citizens from continued threats."It appears that Schumer's sudden change—which coincides with President Joe Biden's increased criticism of Israel—is motivated by politics. While both the Jewish and Muslim communities vote overwhelmingly for Democrats, there is a serious rift in how the two groups view this war. Some Muslim Americans are threatening to withhold their vote from President Biden entirely, even going so far as to slander him as "Genocide Joe."In a tough race against Former President Trump, President Biden and his allies are afraid of progressives rebelling against them. And with progressives largely siding against the pro-Israel side of the party, it appears that some Democrats are making the choice to go along with them.For their part, Israeli officials are not backing down. In response to Schumer's comments, Ambassador Michael Herzog said, "Israel is a sovereign democracy. It is unhelpful, all the more so as Israel is at war against the genocidal terror organization Hamas, to comment on the domestic political scene of a democratic ally. It is counterproductive to our common goals."Principled support of either side is more honorable than changing long held beliefs because of a presidential election. Schumer's about face on Israel is remarkably cynical and a shameless attempt at political self-preservation. Nothing more, nothing less.Darvio Morrow is CEO of the FCB Radio Network and co-host of The Outlaws Radio Show.The views expressed in this article are the writer's own.Link to Image
Graphic schumerschumer