Link to ImageAn MSNBC panel expressed worry that anti-Israel protests on college campuses could hurt President Joe Biden's reelection chances.Anti-Israel protests have spread to multiple college campuses, including Columbia University and the University of California Los Angeles, some of which have included violence. MSNBC host Al Sharpton suggested the protests will have national political impacts on the presidential election, as well as hurt Democratic mayors of major American cities, with host Mika Brzezinski adding the protests will reelect former President Donald Trump. (RELATED: UCLA Cancels Classes Following Violence At Anti-Israel Protests)“The politics of this is a lot different, 'cause you're now impacting the national elections,” Sharpton said. “But ,when they predict, Mika, there's going to be problems in Chicago for the democratic convention, there gonna be problems in L.A., UCLA ... the mayor of Chicago is a black man named Brandon Johnson. And are you gonna impact the fact that there's a right-wing there that would love to see problems that bring him out. Or Karen Bass in L.A. There are different factors here that we need to understand soberly.”WATCH:“The other last point I want to make that bothers me is Donald Trump went and did two states yesterday, two rallies. I didn't see any pro-Palestinian marches there, and he's more anti-Palestinian state than anybody in this race,” Sharpton added. “But Trump is getting a pass?”“Let's keep our eye on the prize of who the real enemy of both the Israelis and the Palestinians in terms of a two-state solution is,” he continued.Trump, in a Time Magazine interview published Tuesday, denounced Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for his leadership during Hamas' Oct. 7 attack. The former president said his hopes for a two-state solution have evaporated and that criticism directed at Netanyahu over the attack is justified.“This elects Trump in so many ways if it escalates or continues to do so,” Brzezinski said.All content created by the Daily Caller News Foundation, an independent and nonpartisan newswire service, is available without charge to any legitimate news publisher that can provide a large audience. All republished articles must include our logo, our reporter's byline and their DCNF affiliation. For any questions about our guidelines or partnering with us, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Graphic 'This Elects Trump': MSNBC Panel Panics About Anti-Israel Protests Hurting Biden And Dems