Link to ImageDemocratic New York Rep. Jamaal Bowman voiced concerns Monday about alleged racist tactics by the pro-Israeli group American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC).During a virtual town hall, Bowman pointed out what he perceives as a targeted campaign against him due to his critical stance on Israeli policies and his radical political style. Bowman, a member of the “Squad,” accused AIPAC of intimidation tactics and suggested that their criticisms veer into personal attacks, according to the Washington Free Beacon. 'Squad' Rep. Jamaal Bowman accuses pro-Israel group backing opponent of being racist: 'They want to call me the N-word' https://t.co/on3MzE2tI0 pic.twitter.com/OtyNBqGXr5 - New York Post (@nypost) April 25, 2024“That is why AIPAC's [ American Israel Public Affairs Committee] is coming after us, coming after us with hate, coming after us with bullying, intimidation, and fear. You should see what they're doing in my district,” Bowman said, Washington Free Beacon reported. “They don't like my style, I'm a little too radical, I'm a member of the 'Squad.' They want to call me the N-word, but they know they can't get away with that, so they say everything else.”AIPAC is supporting Westchester County Executive George Latimer in his challenge against Bowman in the upcoming Democratic primary for New York's 16th Congressional District, the New York Post reported. This district includes parts of southern Westchester and the northeast Bronx. Bowman's outspoken positions, including labeling Israel an “apartheid state” and his controversial statements during past conflicts involving Israel and Hamas, have drawn significant criticism and placed him at odds with pro-Israel groups.Link to ImageNEW YORK, NEW YORK - DECEMBER 19: Rep. Jamaal Bowman (D-NY) watches as New York Gov. Kathy Hochul greets people after signing legislation creating a commission for the study of reparations in New York on December 19, 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Michael M. Santiago/Getty Images)AIPAC spokesman Marshall Wittmann responded to Bowman's allegations, emphasizing that their support for candidates is based on their stance on U.S.-Israel relations, not on racial or personal grounds. (RELATED: Censured Dem Rep Earmarks Over $1 Million For Org That Seeks To Teach Kindergarteners About 'Climate Change')“Rep. Bowman's scurrilous and shameful attacks won't hide his record of aligning with an extremist, anti-Israel fringe. We back candidates based solely on their support for the US-Israel relationship, and we have proudly endorsed dozens of pro-Israel progressives, including nearly half of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, Black Caucus and Hispanic Caucus,” said AIPAC spokesman Marshall Wittmann, according to New York Post.
Graphic WASHINGTON, DC - SEPTEMBER 27: Rep. Jamaal Bowman (D-NY) joins fellow House Democrats for a news conference to announce a bicameral resolution recognizing Banned Books Week outside the U.S. Capitol on September 27, 2023 in Washington, DC. Banned Book Week runs October 1-7. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)