Link to ImageA video shared on Facebook claims to show Secretary of State Antony Blinken praising China's economy during a recent trip to Shanghai.Verdict: FalseThe video has had audio added. The original video is about efforts to combat fentanyl.Fact Check:Blinken visited China to highlight social and economic ties between the U.S. and the East Asian nation, even as the U.S. moves to raise tariffs on certain Chinese goods and sever other ties, according to The New York Times.Social media users are claiming to show a video of Blinken praising China's economy. One user wrote, “Have you listened to Anthony Blinken's speech from Shanghai?”The video, though, has been altered from its original source. Check Your Fact found that the original video was posted to X by Blinken's official State Department account on April 24. I'm in China to make progress on issues that matter most to the American people, including curbing fentanyl trafficking. We will discuss work underway to fulfill commitments made by @POTUS and President Xi last fall, as well as the areas where we have significant disagreements. pic.twitter.com/YMVN4LA6uD - Secretary Antony Blinken (@SecBlinken) April 24, 2024“I'm in China to make progress on issues that matter most to the American people, including curbing fentanyl trafficking. We will discuss work underway to fulfill commitments made by @POTUS and President Xi last fall, as well as the areas where we have significant disagreements,” the tweet reads.Blinken does not make the same remarks as in the Facebook video. He says that he just arrived here in Shanghai, in the People's Republic of China, to work on issues that matter to the American people.” (RELATED: Facebook Post Falsely Claims The U.S. Delta Force Arrested Klaus Schwab)“One of those is fentanyl, a synthetic opioid, the leading killer of Americans between the ages of 18 and 49. President Biden and President Xi, when they met in San Francisco at the end of last year, agreed to cooperate to help prevent fentanyl and the ingredients that make it from getting to the United States.” Blinken says in the video.A State Department spokesperson confirmed that the video had “fake audio added.”This is the visual portion of the video of the Secretary recorded in Shanghai, but with fake audio added.  Here is the actual video as posted to our official social media,” the spokesperson said, pointing to the original tweet from Blinken.Newsmobile also debunked this claim.Update 5/1/24: This article has been updated with a response from a State Department spokesperson. 
Graphic US Secretary of State Antony Blinken speaks during a meeting with Ukraine's foreign minister at the NATO Alliance's headquarters in Brussels, on April 4, 2024.