Link to ImageA post shared on social media purportedly shows former President Donald Trump on the cover of TIME Magazine with his photo placed under the logo, appearing to give him devil horns on his head. They gave President Trump devil horns, they know he is the end of their era. Seeing Donald Trump in TIME tells me everything I need to know. He already won and they are just trying to make it acceptable for everyone. pic.twitter.com/eFbdAbWckL - Dom Lucre | Breaker of Narratives (@dom_lucre) April 30, 2024Verdict: FalseThis claim is inaccurate.Fact Check:The judge presiding over Trump's New York City criminal case held Trump in contempt, NBC News reported. Judge Juan Merchan claimed Trump violated the gag order citing comments he made on Truth Social.A post shared on X, formerly known as Twitter, purports that Time magazine subtly gave Trump devil horns using the peaks of the letter 'M' in the logo.The caption reads, “They gave President Trump devil horns, they know he is the end of their era. Seeing Donald Trump in TIME tells me everything I need to know. He already won and they are just trying to make it acceptable for everyone.”The claim is inaccurate. The original authentic cover can be found on the Time website. Trump's photo is set lower on the cover, removing any reference or implication of a subtle dig at Trump.In 2016 Trump was named Time's person of the year and there was discussion about whether the placement of the letter 'M' above his head was an intentionally subtle devil horn reference, according to CBS News.CBS News report also referenced past covers that featured a similar configuration of individuals' photos under the letters of the logo including a 1998 cover with Bill Clinton. (RELATED: Breaking Down Joe Biden's Claim About School Shootings)This is not the first time misinformation has been shared online. Check Your Fact debunked a claim Harvard University officials replaced the US flag with the Palestinian flag.
Graphic Time magazine copies are dispalyed on a table in Washgington on November 27, 2017. Time Inc. is selling for $2.8 billion to media conglomerate Meredith Corporation, which is backed by the billionaire Koch brothers, who are known for supporting conservative causes. Time, which also publishes its eponymous magazine, Fortune, and Sports Illustrated, began looking for a buyer late last year before giving up several months later, while welcoming options. / AFP PHOTO / Eric BARADAT (Photo credit should read ERIC BARADAT/AFP via Getty Images)