Link to ImageA post shared on Facebook claims fast food restaurant chain Burger King purportedly announced it is “closing its doors for good.”Verdict: FalseThe claim is false. Burger King has neither issued a press release nor a social media statement announcing its purported closure, and there is no other evidence to support the claim.Fact Check:Harsh Ghai, owner of 180 fast food businesses in California, including 140 Burger King restaurants, is planning to add self-order kiosks to his franchises, according to Business Insider. The move is intended as a “response to the state's new $20 minimum wage,” the New York Post reported.“Fast Food Giant Announces It's CLOSING Its Doors for good!!,” the Facebook post's caption reads. The post, which features an image of the exterior of a Burger King franchise with a “Sorry, We're CLOSED” sign and does not provide a source to support its claim, has garnered over 500 comments as of writing.The claim is false, however. Burger King has neither issued a press release nor a statement shared to any of its verified social media accounts announcing its purported closure. Likewise, Check Your Fact found no credible news reports to support the claim. In fact, the opposite is true. Both USA Today and Reuters reported the claim is false via respective articles published on April 19 and April 27. (RELATED: No, Spotify Is Not Adding An 'Age Cap' To Its Platform)According to USA Today, a company executive announced that “up to 400” Burger King locations would close by the end of 2023. The executive also shared the fast food restaurant chain would be investing money into “revamping existing locations,” the outlet indicated.Check Your Fact has contacted Burger King for comment and will update this piece accordingly if one is received.This is not the first time a false claim about Burger King has circulated online. Check Your Fact previously debunked a social media post that claimed the fast food restaurant chain purportedly admitted to using horse meat in its burgers.
Graphic The sign on a Burger King restaurant is shown in Miami, Florida October 28, 2013. Picture taken October 28, 2013. REUTERS/Joe Skipper