Link to ImageA video shared on X claims to show Palestinians celebrating the Iranian missile attack on Israel.  Palestinians start celebrating the attack against Israel. pic.twitter.com/IlXpVAsJ1Q - dr Duro Trkulja (@DrTrkulja) April 13, 2024Verdict: MisleadingThe video was taken April 6. It is unrelated to the Iranian attack on Israel.Fact Check:Iran attacked Israel with over 300 missiles and drones, with Israel and other nations, such as the U.S., intercepting the vast majority of them, according to CNN.Social media users are claiming to show Palestinians celebrating the attack. One user wrote, “Palestinians start celebrating the attack against Israel.”This claim is misleading. Through a reverse image search, Check Your Fact found that the video was shared on YouTube on April 6, a week before the Iranian attack. The video does not specify the reason for the gathering, though it was taken a few days before Eid al-Fitr and during Ramadan.BBC Verify reporter Shayan Sardarizadeh also debunked the claim in an April 13 tweet. (RELATED: Fact Checking Videos, Images And Posts From The October Hamas Attack On Israel) This video, viewed nearly 400,000 times, falsely claims to show Palestinians at Al-Aqsa mosque celebrate Iranian retaliatory strikes against Israel tonight. The video is from last week, and shows Palestinians praying at Al-Aqsa on the last Friday of Ramadan. pic.twitter.com/vuKeAJS0aG - Shayan Sardarizadeh (@Shayan86) April 13, 2024“This video, viewed nearly 400,000 times, falsely claims to show Palestinians at Al-Aqsa mosque celebrate Iranian retaliatory strikes against Israel tonight. The video is from last week, and shows Palestinians praying at Al-Aqsa on the last Friday of Ramadan,” Sardarizadeh tweeted.
Graphic Indonesian men wave Palestinian and Indonesian flags at a large demonstration against the United States' decision to recognize Jerusalem as the Capital of Israel on December 17, 2017 in Jakarta, Indonesia. The demonstrators whose number police estimated at 80,000 called for Boycotts of American and Israeli businesses.