Link to ImageA post shared on social media purports the singer John Mellencamp was booed off stage recently for sharing support for President Joe Biden. John Mellencamp BOOED off when he started his support Biden BS while on stage!!! This is Ohio! pic.twitter.com/pjuhq3lyS9 - Roger Davis (@sptster1200) April 16, 2024Verdict: FalseThis claim is inaccurate. Mellencamp left the stage after a heckler interrupted a story about his grandmother.Fact Check:President Biden has signed a foreign aid bill that will provide $61 billion for Ukraine, $26 billion for Israel and $8 billion for Taiwan, CNN reported. The bill will ban the social media platform TikTok and the Chinese parent company ByteDance will have nine months to sell.A post shared on X, formerly known as Twitter, alleges that Mellencamp had to end his show after fans booed him for supporting Biden. The post shared a photo of the musician during a performance.The post reads, “Rock and Roll Hall of Fame member John Mellencamp seen here performing in Los Angeles, walked off the stage Sunday in Toledo after clashing with hecklers. Mellencamp eventually returned, but cut the performance short.”The caption reads, “John Mellencamp BOOED off when he started his support for Biden BS while on stage!!! This is Ohio!”The claim is inaccurate. A video shared on TikTok in March shows Mellencamp interrupted by heckler during a story at a show in Toledo, Ohio. Mellencamp told off the heckler and then left the stage.@papashoe ♬ original sound - Papa ShoeThere was no reference to the President. The New York Times reported that Mellencamp was interrupted during a story about his late grandmother. The Blade reported Mellencamp came back on stage soon after leaving and finished his set. (RELATED: Does Video Show Explosion At Francis Scott Key Bridge?)Without directly referencing the incident in Toledo, Mellencamp did address what he wanted for his shows. He told The Washington Post, “I do expect etiquette inside of the theater, the same way you would at a Broadway show”.This is not the first time misinformation has been shared online. Check Your Fact debunked a claim the Las Vegas Monorail is closing.
Graphic TAMPA, FLORIDA-APRIL 23: President Joe Biden speaks during a campaign stop at Hillsborough Community College's Dale Mabry campus on April 23, 2024, in Tampa, Florida. During the event, President Biden spoke about the issue of abortion rights. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)